i never got my t-shirt.  this sucks.
did anyone ever get their "writing on the wall" image?
hi. like others, i wasn't able to download my screenplay reward? how do i receive this?
never got anything either.
any updates on rewards? waiting for the t-shirt still.
yet another person who never got his reward.
hi there! i've never downloaded my screenplay reward. how can i follow up on this? thanks!
hi there! i'
i know it's been a while, but i never downloaded my screenplay reward. i held on to the email the whole time, but tried to download it today, and got a message that it has already been downloaded too many times. but i never got mine. i hope i still can!
hi, i never received anything. what's the process for following up on that?
what's the deal with the uk blu ray release? since when has a film been released on dvd only?! is anyone aware of a future release date? thanks guys
anyone know where i can find those playlists? been searching everywhere for them.
i know this is a million years old, but i never received my rewards. just wondering if there was something i needed to do. thanks.
i don't know what happened, but never saw my rewards...still haven't even seen the movie.
hey. still waiting for the shirt too. is there a chance to still get it?
i am still waiting for my tshirt.  what is going on?
i never got to see the movie "online". so i pirated a copy of the net. ohh well, win!
congrats on the movie. i liked it. however, i paid $60 and am still waiting for the artwork and t-shirt. what's the haps?
i'm guessing this isn't being checked anymore. yet to recieve items as i wrote a few months back. trying to not let this bad experience stop me from funding others. veronica mars was very quick with supporting funders. i'll just assume i'll never get the rewards on this one.
yet to get a t-shirt lol
reading the comments below-crock of shat!
i'd like to know where are the items i was promised? i donated a good chunk of money and have not gotten one thing, and it has been almost 2 years now
hi - i got an email saying you were going to look into the "writing on the wall" reward but as of yet i have heard nothing. i got the t-shirt and everything else. i've yet to receive the photo of where the name was placed in the film. the credits thing is a nice touch in case a persons name got cut in the editing room unfortunately that is not what i paid for.
so... and how about our rewards? i pledged for the $60, with estimated delivery sept 2015, and till now, nothing from you :(
still have yet to receive any items for the $60 pledge i gave...
hi! i tried to download the pdf of the screenplay, but it doesn't work: "download unavailable we're sorry, but the download limit on this file has been exceeded." :(
is it too late to let you know on here what i thought of your movie, zach?
hello how can i see the movie? i'm a 70$ backer. where ist the link? thx dominik huber
i never got my signed garden state dvd
i haven't received any kind of reward for my backing.  how to follow up?  aubrey.arenas@gmail.com
hello all supporters in tokyo! wiwh is finally in theater in shinjuku! check and follow this offical fb page! 東京のサポーターの皆さん！新宿シネマカリテという映画館で開催される、お蔵入りにされるには惜しい映画ばかりを集めた映画祭で、とうとうwiwhが上映されます！劇場で観られる機会はそうそうないと思われますので、今から公式fbをチェックしてください！ https://www.facebook.com/qualicolle15/info…
hi, i never received anything. what's the process for following up on that?
hi - i got an email saying you were going to look into the "writing on the wall" reward but as of yet i have heard nothing. i got the t-shirt and everything else. i've yet to receive the photo of where the name was placed in the film. the credits thing is a nice touch in case a persons name got cut in the editing room unfortunately in my case you got the spelling wrong.
just adding to the choir of unsatisfied people: i never received my shirt, and never got the backer screening because of international restrictions (i watched the movie through other... erm... means... pfffttt). who do i contact about my shirt at least? i feel like an idiot and kinda sad. bummer
i could not make it due to personal reasons, i emailed them for support well before, just ignored me - happy to take my money but not to communicate
please give my survey. t t
i downloaded the script so if someone wants it let me know and i can try send it your way. send me a message :)
i also have not received my backer items. is there a human i can contact to find out why? the money was deducted from my bank account pretty quick, i wish my items would have been as prompt.
i still have not received any information about my $70 backer items.  is there any chance i'll ever get the items?
hi loved the film i'm so glad i could be a small part of helping to bring it to the world. i am a $50 backer from the uk and have not had any news about the t-shirt that i picked. i am not sure whether it has not been sent yet or lost in the post between the usa and the uk. is there any way you could find out for me please?
i have never received my soundtrack.  i have been waiting for the vinyl to arrive but no such luck and now i have moved and not even sure how i can go about changing my shipping address.
hi christopher, i've had the same thing wanted to wait to see the movie. i also don't think i got the email, i got the link to the website for the updates but nothing else, i could be wrong. but yeah i'd love a copy of the script too.
hey there, i backed this at the level of getting the movie script. ages ago i got an email with a download link to the script but i never downloaded it because i wanted to wait until after i'd watched the film. i went to download it today and got a message saying the link was no longer valid. how can i get my copy of the script now? sorry for waiting so long!
after pledging 220€ and getting not much more than contempt from this project or the people who manage it (not coco -thank you- who actually took the time to answer me), i won't give a cent more to this movie. couldn't even go to the advanced screening since the original date it was set at (sept 2014) changed to early aug 2014 - so i couldn't go...it was during my summer vacations - , couldn't even see the movie on internet because i am in france, didn't receive anything i was supposed to get. all in all, after giving 220€ i should pay to see the movie i helped create. screw that: sorry, but i will just download it and tell everyone else interested by the movie to do so...respect goes both ways you know...
hey there, i have still received nothing...please...please do something for us who believed in you and gave you our hard-earned money...at least, out of respect for us!
hello zach, i haven't even been sent my survey. i pledged for the signed copy of garden state. can you please do something for me (and the others, of course) ?
i just saw the movie. i love it. it's such a shame that a simple matter of copyright is keeping the movie from all the international backers.
just got my poster today. looks like it's signed by zach, donald, and josh. btw, is there a download option available for the vinyl? i didn't see any link/code when i unwrapped mine.
i haven't even been sent my survey yet. i pledged for the signed copy of garden state. was told it would be here by september 2014...it's now 2015. and i've gotten no response to multiple emails that i've sent.
i received my poster maybe a week or two ago, so if you're waiting on those, it could still be on the way. as for those asking about signatures, it looks like three is the standard. i think i deciphered my three to include zach braff, jim parsons, and mandy patinkin. (although maybe some sort of legend would be helpful?) i'm guessing with how many they had to complete to fulfill all the kickstarter rewards, a divide and conquer approach was needed. i can't imagine signing 700+ posters in a row - my hand would probably fall off. this had to be a huge undertaking to get all these rewards fulfilled, especially the signed goods, so have hope that it's just working through the pipeline! thanks zach and co. for a fun backing-experience!
no screenplay, no goodies, no movie, one quick access to the soundtrack, that i just don't have it anymore, no movie -again(and i hope just  for the moment)... the only thing that i have is a vinyl from a movie is starting to not like much.
i just went through my previous e-mails from this kickstarter and confirmed i haven't recieved my soundtrack or script yet.  i didn't even know the movie was out...
so i could not watch the movie because i'm in spain... and still no word about when i will (supposedly) receive my dvd. i guess i will have to download it after backing the movie. great.
finally got to see the film- it was beautiful. i'm a bit bummed because i still haven't received the script even though i pledged for it. is there anyway i can get it?
record arrived in australia. a little disappointed it didn't come with something saying "limited edition" - i guess "pink" is the only way to tell apart from the retail version? all of my rewards were supplied, so i am happy. two thumbs up!
never received the screenplay, never saw the movie. i now need to find an online source for something i payed. last time i back a movie...
i just read through many of the comments and i was sorry to read that so many people had such a bad experience. while there were a few hiccups, such as being sent a men's t-shirt instead of a woman's, and not being sent the vinyl right away, i found the people at kingsroad merch to be particularly helpful and prompt. they always replied within a few hours and solved my issues quickly. my only problem now is that i find the quality of the music on the limited edition pink vinyl to be terrible. i am not sure if this is damage from shipping, or if it is just poor quality. has anyone else noticed this? p.s. to those in charge: i understand that this project was a huge undertaking and want to say that my experience was very pleasant. i was able to view the online screening without a hitch and have received all of my rewards. i appreciate all you did to show your gratitude to those who believed in this project. also, i loved this movie!!! so real. so moving. thanks again!
hello,  i posted a comment and left a message more than a week ago, still no response. i have not received any of the rewards. this kickstarter campaign is the worst i have been disappointed in. no answers, no rewards and, most of all, no respect for us, international backers. please respond. regards
can't get a tshirt because kingsroad murch says i haven't done the questionnaire but i can't find the questionnaire - grr.  can anyone send me a link?
nora/leah, i also received my poster and was disappointed. at first i thought there was only 2 signatures, but after closer inspection i see there are three. i search for matching signatures and found the 3 belong to zach braff (obvious), donald faison, and josh gad. while it's cool they signed the posters, i was under the impression "principal members of the cast" would at least include kate hudson and mandy patinkin. i love that zach, donald and olaf (that's how i will remember josh) signed the poster. but i was really looking forward to having mandy's autograph more than anything. unfortunately, for me, this is just another disappointing kickstarter. i think this is the one that turns me off from future backings unfortunately.
vinyl arrived today in australia.   completely forgot about it. i think that's it in terms of all the stuff i was supposed to get from this campaign (got the tshirts & art prints a while back).   shame i only got to see half of the movie through the online streaming (wifi signal dropped).   i plan to get a copy of the movie once it gets released. many thanks!
so got my poster today had 3 signatures had to tell who's they r why only three and who's signature r they?
still waiting on vinyl here in aus...coco said she'd check on mine when i asked...12 days ago, haven't heard anything back. have emailed kings road, haven't heard back. didn't get a chance to stream the movie in the ridiculous streaming window allowed (and don't think my connection would be up to it anyway). the t-shirt, though, as promised, softer than a kitten's taint.
my vinyl reward arrived today. two bright pink #vinyl lps and some bonus paper dolls. one of the disk jackets has joey king on the front with a cut out so the pink lp shows through as her wig. very nice packaging and an awesome collection of music.
how can you get a refund when you don't get reward delivered?
has anyone received their graffiti wall name photo?
hi guys, vinyl just arrived today. phew! i'm in the uk. so i have tshirt, art prints (both arrived a while ago) and now vinyl. think i was meant to get a script too but was that a download? if so that completely passed me by. anyone got a link or copy?
i'd just like my t-shirt... still havent recived anything.
i haven't received anything yet. :( how can i look-up the shipping information so that i can track the delivery?
has anyone else on here received a signed poster as part of their rewards package? i don't mean to seem ungrateful at all, but i just received mine today and was bummed to see only two signatures on it. not sure why exactly, but though there would be at least a couple more than that with such a big cast. what is everybody else seeing on yours? thanks in advance!
the special edition vinyl that is :)
i got mine today!! soo happy!!
vinyls seem to be on their way to europe. i live in germany and i received mine today. it's immensely beautiful. almost had given up hope, to be honest ... hope everybody will get their rewards soon.
i'm also waiting for my limited edition vinyl. t t
and, as schefei puts it "as far as reward fulfillment goes wiwh is by far the worst project i ever backed."
hello there, backer from france here, and i haven't received any of my rewards. where is my t-shirt? where are my prints? already left a comment a couple of weeks ago, no answers...first time i've had any problems with a kickstarter campaign...
anyone got the vinyl? last update suggested shipping towards the end of september.
also waiting for my shirt... :(
i'm also waiting for my limited edition vinyl. as far as reward fulfillment goes wiwh is by far the worst project i ever baked.
hey, i didn't get the script of the movie (even though i pledged for it).  is it possible to get it?? cheers!!
paul hansen: as far as i know the 1000 copies are a special 180 gram edition.
finally was able to see the movie as well. i really loved it. sadly i'm also can't download the script as the link doesn't work anymore.
i've received all of my rewards except for the vinyl. and now that i see it's being sold all over the place i'm not exactly super impressed. i understood the backers vinyl to be limited to 1000 copies. how do the retail versions compare to ours?
hi, not sure if i've missed an update of when i'll receive my kickstarter reward??? last info i read was rewards would be sent out sometime sept '14??? would love to be wearing my shirt around to show off to others the great film i helped support. thanks :)
hi, i am also waiting for the screening and the vinyl. maybe a good communication could help everyone. or will we have a surprise \o/ based in paris, france.
hi, wondering about the vinyl too, you seem to be able to buy it from the online 'wish i was here' shop?  what about the backers? (australia) ta
i haven't been thinking about this kickstarter for quite a while.  may be a dumb question, but where's my soundtrack?
hi zach, i still have yet to see the film, but i can not wait. i sent you a video a couple years age of my brother (who has autism and bi-polar) and i when you were looking for ideas. he will most definitely be getting a "wish i was here" package this year for christmas. since i last communicated with you my father has passed away (new years 2012) and i had my first baby on sept 11 of this year...which unfortunately let to a fill blown psychosis (i have bi-polar)....the last time i was hospitalized for my bi-polar was right after i had watched garden state....8 years ago.  your films have got me through so much in my life. i hope one day to be able to publish some of my wonderful stories and essays, such as my "one crazy nurse's perspective" as one of my good friend j-bear the bi-polar bear would say "keep it crazy" jasmine, rn
@andreas hoeschele: wait what? alternate reward? why am i completely left out of the loop? i, too, wasn't able to attend the screening and also didn't get any notice about the second online screening for germans. where did you provide your address? @geoffrey maddox: is that the "final draft", dated 7/14/14, you have there (was provided via dropbox a few months ago) or do you have a newer version of the script?
who wants the t-shirt?  to be honest it's great shirt and i'm still waiting on my signed poster and if i get i won't mid letting the shirt go. only thing i ask is that you pay for the the shipping in way you want (priority,_etc) the shirt. im all about paying it forward so if you are interested. just shoot me an email to air23jordan@bellsouth.net. and if anyone still need copies of the script  let me know. cheers.
thank you so much for my lovely t-shirt and for my personalised screening. from the very beginning, you have made me feel special and included. my rewards were received promptly and perfectly, despite living at the other end of the world. i will forever be proud to have played a small part in supporting this film. i am even more proud of the film itself. it is beautiful. i don't even have the words - so i will just send this comment off with tears and a smile. you have all made my heart hurt, in the very best of ways. xo
has anybody received word from vhx for the alternate backers rewards for the geoblocked areas? we had to provide our shipping address, so i figured it must have been something...you know...you could touch. anybody heard anything?
so no reward here either, don't care for script, but i want the soft as kitty tshirt :(
hi all, i still didn't get the vinyl and don't have any answer from coco ... do you know how i can get some support ? any other contact/mail i could reach ? thanks for your advice !
if anyone needs a copy of the script, just email me at air23jordan@bellsouth.net. thx.
@julian. what's your email address?
@geoffrey maddox i still need a copy of the script :( can you held me out?
hi all ! does any backers asking for the vinyl get it ? i get a message from coco already two months ago and nothing happens ... how can i get answer ? even kingsroad is not answering ... thanks !
open the link on my iphone to use the air play functionality between my iphone and apple tv. there is no show on apple tv icon. i pause the move to seach online, links from faq not working.  trying to start movie again on iphone. not working.
if you need a copy of the script, let me know.  as long as it's not a violation of this website.
any word on the screening for people in the netherlands? i noticed the dvd is coming out soon on amazon. please don't tell me that i'll be able to watch it sooner by buying a dvd from the states than being a backer?
i just watched the movie... awesome! i loved it. now i wanted to download the script, but the file exceeded its download limit.
@mejia. i got my t-shirt and prints awhile back (i'm in states) and am just waiting on the signed poster that they said would be sent out last.
thanks for putting together such a great film. excited for it to be released next week on dvd. any updates on the t-shirts or prints?
with the movie being out of mind since i filled in that rewards survey back in july. i've only just realised i haven't received a single reward. no tshirt, production art or vinyl? what's going on?
bjorn, don't blame the site for all that went wrong with this. this was the first thing i backed and i have backed 7 others since and i love it. i even backed a spike lee film...lol. i got some playing cards (ghostbusters and the princess bride), some cool shoes (well, cool to me...lol) and just finished up a poster print from gun in movies and i can't wait to get it. so many unique items on this site and plenty of great ideas to back. just because i would have one bad day shopping at a store, i would just strike it up to a bad situation and find something else. if you never back braff anymore because of this, then that's the way to go but check out the site, you will see so many good things still to be backed.
i feel your pain shawn, i want that poster now.....lol. i am hoping that faison and jim parsons get to sign them as well.
should we just give up on hoping for another streaming event in the usa for those of us who were out of the country during the window it was available? i guess 3 events has different definitions to different people.
have yet to receive the signed poster...
i just received my vinyl. corner was damaged & lots of ring wear. pretty disappointed. never saw the screening b/c they gave us less than a week notice and i was away during the only us screening. i asked if i would have another chance to see it and they said no. never got the script either. i don't remember seeing an update on where to download. overall, not very satisfied. $100 not well spent.
any update on the signed poster
hello,  i have had a failure to watch the movie via online screening, okay, i'll live. but what about my t-shirt? i haven't received it yet, it's almost the october. any updates on the shipping of international rewards? i'm from ukraine.
this kickstarter is now the officially "the worst movie kickstarter ever". after a promising start with good pre-release updates, it all went to downward and to hell with the release of the film. they promised us backers three online screenings of the movie and totally failed. leaving people outside north america with nothing. they promised they would fix the "mistake", but again failed to do so to most parts of the world. they use divide and concur tactics to try to fix their fail where they dont have distribution and from lawsuits. (looks like they do this to silence their small critics in back-channels, even by repaying backers a lot of money.) the movie is online pirated in many different languages, so everyone in the world has been able to see this. before the people that helped pay for it. the movie has done utterly bad at the box office. (4 million total) the movie is now getting a blue-ray/dvd release while many backers haven't seen it yet. they haven't publicly apologized for their fail. but worst of all is that zach braff personally have destroyed kickstarter as a movie platform. because of him i will never back a movie project on this site, ever again.
so this was my first kickstarted movie project i ever backed and probably my last. "a first of its kind live group movie screening across the world. i'll host at least three live online screenings of the film." that's what totally sold me on this project instead of just waiting for it to come out on bluray some day. other germans probably know the problem. those online screenings weren't available in germany due to licensing deals. then they had one (one, not three) online screening for us germans with a two or three day notification before that. which was almoast fine for me, since i read it in time and had spare time that monday night. then when the night of the screening came playback stopped prematurely (which was an error on their end). i was so fed up with yet another broken promise that i just went to bed instead of contacting them about the problem right away. of course the "repaired" link i received didn't work on the next day when i got back to my mails since they only had the right to stream it once in germany. so my personal conclusion is: - this was the most disappointing experience i had with crowd funding ever. - now i understand why people pirate movies. - and of course everything was my fault. in case i didn't say it before: thanks for nothing!
@ matt & jisse: have you written to coco via the "contact me" - button? she was helpfull every time i had a question about rewards (btw i live in austria and got all of them some weeks ago)
hello,  i haven't received any of my rewards.  any updates on the shipping of international rewards? i live in france. best.
i haven't received any of my rewards other than the rewards online.  i figured being in canada was maybe the cause of the delay but wanted to follow up.
i've also just seen the film, loved it and now want to get the script but it isn't available anymore?
just seen the movie and it was fantastic, i tried to download the pdf script and wasn't able to do it is there a reason for this?
has there been any word about getting to see it online for us backers who weren't allowed to see it the other month? it's now in cinemas but not where i am and i'm not really willing to spend £250 at least to get to england to see it.
any news for us who live in sweden? i haven't gotten any updates since the "apology emails" back in june/july.
@geoffrey maddox i have not received the poster yet either. i got everything else but still waiting on this
just wanted to say to all that i got all my pledges sorted out really well without having to chase or similar. the london screening was great and i really enjoyed seeing the enthusiasm of zach. overall a great experience. if i consider how much i would pay to see a movie screening presented by the director with q&a afterwards, with photo stills and to see the movie, i think that this is great value for money. plus, i helped support this movie, and can brag about that!
hey all. i was just wondering if anyone has received the cast signed poster yet.  thanks.
@jared: i'm also a vinyl backer and i've received multiple updates from coco via messages about the status of the vinyls. on august 28th she wrote a detailed message about how the special edition vinyls took longer to manufacture, but they were finally done. unfortunately, when they arrived, they were damaged in transit by fedex. so they had to fix that. then on september 17th (yesterday), she wrote about how they arrived at the warehouse and will be shipping out to us by the end of the week. check your kickstarter messages, you should be receiving these as well. also, if you filled out your survey and followed the instructions, you should have already received your other rewards (shirt and such). from the beginning they told us the vinyls would come after the release of the movie.
i still haven't recieved my reward (vinyl), i sent two emails regarding this in the past and have not had any replies or follow ups to the situation. this whole kickstarter thing is a complete failure.
went to the london screening on friday and absolutely loved the movie. my wife and i laughed and cried, it truly is a very good film. so happy we backed this kickstarter. one thing that we didn't pay for was actually meeting zach on the tube on the way to the o2, he is such a nice guy and really friendly (as you expect) thank you mr braff and congrats on a very good movie
zack, or whoever's reading these... went to the screening last night and was blown away by what i saw. not the movie, the light and sound show. ok, the movie was pretty neat too. seriously though, it's been such a blast and a pleasure to be a part of this kickstarter and have played a role in making this wonderful movie happen. thank you so much for coming out and braving all the touring, and being so patient with your q&a. i understand the problems you had with this production re: kickstarter but i truly hope you can do crowdfunding again in the future, because the result was clear: a movie that was an artistic expression. thanks again. nando ***spoiler*** ps: also thanks for the camping scene. i can't believe nobody ever used that bdb song in a movie before, and it was perfect. also, you managed to turn that ts eliot poem into something positive, that's almost unthinkable to me (i've been a huge fan of that poem for many years, but to me it's about claustrophobic desperation).
it was the online backer screening for german audiences. i also did not get an e-mail, but read about it here so i wrote coco who asked the support team to send me the link for the screening. worked perfekt for me. very good quality, no buffering, even if i did not have a very fast connection. after all the howling about the quality on the first screening it was a big surprise to see the movie in such a good quality and without connection problems.
is this a staged screening or did i miss it again? i got no mail...
a two day headsup for a monday screening with a 3 hour timeframe. because people can always make time for random movies. thanks a lot for my first bad kickstarter experience after over 50 projects... i don't think there would have been a worse way to handle the situation.
unfortunately this was the worst viewing experience of a movie ever. constant buffering issues, taking sometimes several minutes before continuing, mostly really bad quality and in the end i couldn't even finish because my time slot was finished 10 minutes before the movie ended. this was thanks to the constant waiting for the buffering to catch up and the big interception at 10pm, which wasn't even mentioned via mail, so that i lost another 15 to 20 minutes because i didn't click the link every 5 seconds. hell, i didn't even know if it would start again. i also won't even mention the time i spent frustrated sitting in front of my computer trying to watch a 1:47h movie in 3 hours of my valuable time. i also checked my connection several times and i am pretty sure these problems were not my fault (full download and upload speed). i wrote several emails to the support during my time slot without a single answer btw... i am under the impression that there was more care being taken of possible piracy of the movie than bringing a smooth and pleasant experience to the fans. this is actually really sad and a great example of what is wrong with drm especially in the movie/tv sector. this was definitely the last time i backed a movie...
seen it now - glad the support helped to fix this quickly. just a shame they actually had to fix it.  anyway, all technical difficulties are quickly forgotten now that we were finally able to enjoy this movie. thanks zach and the team for this masterpiece!
a really touching and great movie! thanks!
thank you, zach. thank you and all the other people involved for this great movie. it's a beauty. take care and all the best for the future. cheers from austria.
alright. first off: great movie. really glad to have backed this one. all you people behind it. great work. so many familiar faces in such a bittersweet story. nice writing and directing zach. i honestly though (after hearing the initial reviews) that this might just be an ok film. but it really touched me. probably helped to be at a similar age (ok, around 8 years behind, but still). garden state touched me, when i was nearly 20 and this feels like an experience i've grown up to be just in the right age.... if you can follow my words and meager english expressions. anyways. a really nice, feel good movie, with a lot of heart and chemistry. --- unofrtunately tainted by the mediocre technical aspects with bringing the stream to the backers and fans. honestly. your behind the scenes work was flawless but the homestretch kind of left a bad aftertaste. not only were we (german/european backers) presented with a geo-locked first streaming attempt, without warning and with a lack of fair communication afterwards... no. we only got a 3 days heads up for the second streaming that had technical issues with the promised time-frame. uncool. as good as the end result was... what does it matter if the delivery is as flawed as this one? hopefully, when you attempt another crowdfunded project like this in the future, you will have a few more professionals on the delivery side. you said it time after time: we initially helped back this thing. so we deserve a bit more than two almost failed outcomes... so...got this of my chest. keep up the good film work, though. this is what your fans love you for.
stopping at 10: i emailed them and the link (mine) now works again. at least a fast turnaround...
ok.... i calmed down.... and tried it one more time (10 minutes after i wrote the email to the support) and it works again. so anyone...quickly write an e-mail. thanks again... finally get to see it to the end.
i contacted the given email adress. all i'm left with is waiting... if anyone gets an answer please let me know.
10 minutes to go and the movie stopped exactly at 10pm. what is this?`i though we had 3 hours once we started. this is getting really ridiculous and unfair. you can't even get through on your fullfilment with this try? we had such a short timewindow and we can't even watch this inside the promised time? i don't want to scream, "i want my money" back.... but this has become a farce and i kind of want to get my money back. the movie was really good, up until the point it just stopped working!
i believe the message from zb i got earlier stated the following: "you will have from monday, september 15th at 7pm cest until 10pm cest to start watching, and three hours to complete the film." "to start! watching" doesn't mean that at exactly 21:59 the movie stops right in the middle telling me my "session expired", right? please let me know there's a way i can finish watching this. now.
was watching the german streaming. movie stopped at 10pm. anyone else the same problem? i thought i had tie von 7pm to 10pm to start the movie and then 3 hours to watch the movie... wtf?
i loved the film. kudos, adam and zach. i don't ask for a reply, i only ask that this be read. i owe coco a debt of thanks, one which is equal to everyone who made wiwh happen. zach, i found your portrayal of aidan to be compelling. josh gad's noah was the most interesting character, because gad showed him to be a man living inside his inner conflict. kate hudson produced an amazing mother, not only supportive, but instrumental in the film. it's without a doubt that joey king and pierce gagnon will become very successful, and i wish them the very best of luck. mandy patinkin's portrayal of gabe was riveting, whilst jim parsons' paul provided an extra layer to the film which allowed the viewer to reel back the emotion, and take a break from the gut-wrenching tale of a father's demise. ashley greene's ashley greene, and as such requires no comment. i wish to thank you all once more, and wish you all luck in the box offices. wiwh will do well, and it was a very clever move having it crowdfunded, otherwise the film we have just seen would not have been anyway near what it was.
i just watched the movie and found it was really good, but the watching experience was just bad. i won't complain about the three hour window we got, compared to the 24 hours of the "international" stream, since i was able to make it, even though it was on very short notice. the stream was buffering countless times and wouldn't resume playing without me klicking all over the progress bar (and i have a 50mbit connection) the video quality was just as bad, all pixelated, i couldn't imagine watching this on a big screen tv. and the audio channels were broken as well, the spoken language track was only audible on the left channel, while the soundtrack and environment noises where mixed only on the right! all in all a very disappointing experience.
just noticed wiwh opens in my local suburban cinema on thursday; looks like i'll have to pay twice to see it. at least you guys in denmark get a second chance at a free screening. think we should start publicising our plight to the media - hollywood star rips off loyal fans - always makes a good headline.
does anyone know how long the q&a session lasted at the backer screenings? i'm trying to plan out my tour ;)
just went through my spam- and trashfolder ... nothing ... :(
found an e-mail in my spam folder, that states there will be streaming for germany and austria on monday 15th between 7pm an 10pm cest.  well, guess who is leaving the country for vacation on monday! :-/
interesting ... i'm from germany and did not receive the email... i think i will write coco about ist ... very strange ... i hope it will work and that i'm not left out.
great, a 3 hour window from 7pm to 10pm for the austrian and german screening on monday. of course i have to work the late shift next week and wont be home until 11pm. i can't believe this.
this was in the last email i received about the online screening in germany:  'the online screening will likely be the night of september 15th, 2014, so please save the date in your calendars. we are still working out the exact details of how we will do it, so if you have questions, please give us a few days while we work it out (it's also a holiday in the us so i may not have answers until next week).' i got it in the end of august but am not sure if i missed a following one?
loved the film - definitely worth the investment!
@katja there is an online screening on monday?
i am looking for a pair of tickets to screening tonight. i missed mine in toronto and then got scammed on a pair for london tonight, 12 sept. email quinton@me.com please. q
i just read that there will be a special screening with zach braff himself in vienna tomorrow. why hasn't that been communicated to the backers?! i hope that there will be at least a 24h window for the online screening on monday too because i'm not going to be at home in the evening and it would suck very much if the american backers were able to choose the time they watch it and we don't.
@victoria - thanks for the reservation! i will try to attend with my friend :)
for those interested, i booked an area in all bar one at the o2 from 8:30pm after the london screening (the first one) to grab a drink. feel free to come along!
i refer to london screening by the way.
seriously? 2 days before the screening we're told there is a 21:00 showing? i couldn't make the ridiculously early showing of 18:00 on a friday so i resigned myself to not going. now there is a 21:00 which is better for me, but it's not enough notice for me to change my work schedule. dammit zach!
so this alternate reward to the regionlocked screening. when is that happening? .. last we heard anything was the 13th of july.. received an email stating "hey folks in denmark, sorry, it might take "a few days"" ... 2 months later and still absolutely nothing? the movie doesn't come out in a lot of the european countries. are you just gonna screw us over? "thanks for donating to the movie... which you shall not see" .. 'kinda' best regards ~ emil
hi  so i have the email about the london screening - that you are now having an extra screening at 9pm because they cant fit everyone in the 6pm screening.... giving the people the option to go to the 6pm or 9pm. i have pledged and  followed this religiously and booked things in advance to organise to go to the screening and can only go to the 6pm - how do i know we won't get turned away if not enough people move to the 9pm screening? are there any guarantees? because to be notified of this 2 days before is very short notice. please can you let us know. thanks
i have one ticket for the advanced screening in london this friday at 9pm. giving away for free to anyone who can make it, i can't afford the travel costs to go. email me at adamkarlclark@live.co.uk. love.
i like a few others on here didn't get to see the backer screening as i was on holiday during the time frame. i'm sure its something to do with because the movie was still being released in cinemas etc but theres other ways for me to see the film so i'm not too worried.
at what point do we go to go to kickstarter to help us? i don't care so much that i didn't get to see the movie before everyone else, but the complete lack of response after nearly 2 entire months after the initial screening is unacceptable.
i'm from austria, wasn't able to watch the backer screening and the film doesn't get shown here in any cinema and there's not a single news about an alternative reward. i'm pretty disappointed.
can you please update us on the signed poster? i have not heard anything regarding this reward...
this whole project is such a disappointment. :( you had no problem taking our money. but delivering what you promised is impossible!? you can't even say "sorry" for this mess? this is so pathetic! what about you grow some balls and face the situation? maybe keeping your promises for a change.
so basically all of us, that couldn't watch due to region locks are screwed and don't get the movie?
as many others have already pointed out, the lack of information regarding the region-locking of the online screening is reall disappointing. i realize that backer rewards in a kickstarter are always a bit tricky and may not even be delivered, but considering how many of us who payed for the screening and have not yet been able to see the movie we supported i think our concern is quite justified. any update at all on this issue would be greatly appreciated. thanks.
any news on the promised replacement reward for those of us who were region-locked out of the online screening? it's been almost two months of complete silence now. the people responsible have handled this in a very bad way.
i was unable to view the backers screening, this the response from coco - "hi michael, we did provide the reward, but you didn't redeem it so there's nothing i can do... i'm sorry, if we were in theaters still, i would finagle you a free ticket, but we don't have another screening scheduled and we aren't in theaters anymore. coco"
never mind, found it :)
@ yasmine, thanks, can you let me know the facebook page
@ victoria i like the idea of this! there's a facebook page for screening backers and someone had mentioned this idea but i don't think anything has been organised...
i still have not received my wish i was here vinyl soundtrack for my kickstarter reward. the faq on the movie's website says i should have received it in july. can you please tell me what's up?
london people, shall we organise drinks somewhere after the screening? i am sure zach will be doing something, but not sure all of us will be invited. i am happy to reserve somewhere close to the o2?
zach/'staff' you really need to start getting your things in order. my t-shirt and art-prints still haven't arrived. the last update from the shipping (which clearly was a combination of shipments) was that it arrived in la, but that's weeks ago. also, the main reward; a backers screening (for people from non-privileged countries) is still something i expect to get too. you're being negligent and not posting any update makes it worse. it is not our problem you messed up your publishing rights. movie screeners are sent out worldwide to reviewers all the time and we're not much different. simply make it work / by back your rights. we paid for it first.
i'm trying to download the script and it keeps saying that the file has exceeded it's limit. how can i fix this?
same here ... i think i will wait another 2 or 3 weeks but then it's enough in my opinion and i doubt that there will be a proper solution for the non us/uk/aus backers to see the movie like promised.
here is a german backer who is still waiting for any news regarding the online screening. but hey i've learned a few lessons here which are probably worth more than watching that movie ;)
selling 2 tickets for london screenings.email daugeyb@gmail.com
one ticket for london screening and q&a on friday 12.sept for sale: christian at iecw.net
i have one ticket for the london screening in the 12th to sell. email me if interested marianne@mnoo.com
hi, i'm sure this has been asked before, but what about the alternative reward for those who couldn't see the online screening? got pretty quite about that topic over the last month...
mails have come, it was sent to my old kickstarter address (ive changed it since pledging last year). the email is from eventbrite, accept it to download your ticket(s). its at the cineworld at the o2, 6pm - 8:30pm.
anyone else had emails about london?? or just jamie?!
email: christian at iecw.net
unfortunately i'll not be able to attend the london screening. good for you, if you’re looking for a ticket :-) i sell my ticket for 40$, 30€ or 24£. (via paypal or to my eur-bank account)
hey, does anyone know if whoever's in charge of the rsvp`s are able to send it again? forgot to change my e-mail in time, and it was sent to a dud address :/ any advice would be great.
when will the kickstarter vinyls be shipped? just curious...
any update in the signed posters
through various errors and interactions/attempts to correct errors with kings road merchandise, i now have six, yes six, wish i was here t-shirts and four photo sets, two of each type .  (they sent me the wrong order, an extra identical order, then corrected the wrong order with another wrong order.)  i'm happy to part with four of the t-shirts and two of the photo sets if any other backers are interested.  say $10 per t-shirt and $5 per photo set plus actual shipping/costs to where you are?  (i'm in seattle.  the photo/print sets should fit into a flat rate priority mail envelope or be fairly light in us 1st class mail.)  email me at: ad613a1f@opayq.com (this looks weird b/c it's a masked email for anti-spam purposes...sorry.  i'll reply from a real email.)  the four extra t-shirts sizes and types are: 2 ladies dandelion size small 1 ladies dandelion size x-large 1 men line up size large the print sets are one of each.  just let me know which one you're interested in. thanks!
i have a pair of tickets for the london advance screening (also included is the meet & greet with zach before the screening) which takes place on friday 12th september 2014. if interested please email me contactnerdgeist@gmail.com
have the signed posters shipped out yet?
i just saw the movie (it's showing here in south africa already -- i missed the online viewing or was blocked) just paid to see it. nice to see the hard work on the screen. did anyone notice that the "property master" title in the end credits was misspelled? it was missing the "r" from master. chris
are the tickets personal for london screening? if not, i have two up for sale since i unfortunately can't go to due to work.
regarding the vinyl: it's a bit strange you can buy it everywhere for more than two weeks but the kickstarter vinyls aren't shipped yet. any news about this?
i'd like to buy a ticket for the london screening if anyone has a spare one. (warpech at gmail.com)
for all those waiting for details of the london screening i've just had this: zach braff says: hi jamie, the screening is september 12th at 6pm at o2 cineworld in north greenwich, london. invites are going out soon for rsvps! coco
any news on the details for the london screening? it's getting close and i need to make arrangements
you know that great soundtrac this movie has? if you wanted them tobe able to send the movie out right away they'd have to mute more then half of it germany has crazy strict copy right laws sepite from america. for example i have a you tube video made for a school project that is set to have no ads and make no money. but in this video is a 5 sec parody of a song. this fits every single part of fair use almost double. no copyright holder would ever have issue with my video. but yet no one in germany can view my video its blocked only in that country and i cant do anything to unblock it. see if zach braff brocke there laws just to please you he'd be in far worse situation then he is just by disappointing you. and rune has claimed he got money back but is still ranting on here. so he wants it all free
it's now been over a month since they said they where going to fix the situation they created when they blocked all the international viewers from seeing this movie. where is the fix? everybody in the world have seen this movie now, except those who helped finance it. way to go #$%$#%##, thanks for nothing.
uk - i have had both my t and pics, they came in separate packages (2 x tee and prints). admin - still not news on london 12/9 screening, i need to know asap!
i have two spare tickets for the london screening. gutted i can't make it - anyone interested, please email me on leahjtyrrell@gmail.com xx
any news on the details for the london screening? it's getting close.
wir verlosen ein ticket für berlin, eine shirt-artwork-kombo und eine "garden state" dvd: http://secondunit-podcast.de/… :)
there are only 6 days for this project to reach it goal. everyone check out this awesome kicksater created by allan amato.  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1193179890/temple-of-art-the-documentary
any updates on the poster? got everything else from my reward level! :)
any update on the vinyl ship date?
just got my signed art print. must say i am pretty disappointed. the paper used for printing is thick but of below standard quality and the photo seems to be really blurry. the photo looks blurry even on the smaller regular art prints so blowing it up in size really didn't make it any better. . it looks like it's just a 1920x1080 screenshot that has been blown up in size. as of now, this will be put in storage. i was really hoping to be able to frame it, but now it seems it will just be gathering dust.
is there any word yet on the london screening and q&a, it seems to be cutting it a little late
are there any news regarding the online screening for the backers outside uk, us and australia? i know that the movie will be shown in a sneak preview in my home town, but it would only be the geman dubbed version which, if i'm honest, really don't want to see ... but at last it would be better than nothing.
still haven't got anything. can't sign in to the website? can anyone help?
yesterday i finally got the t-shirt and the art prints (austria). by the way there haven't been any problems with additional costum dutys. very happy about it :-)
has anyone in the uk got their tshirt yet? mine was supposedly dispatched on 26th june but it hasn't turned up yet, messaged kickstarter team but had no response :(
@alexander tam- are you sure that the signed copy is not genuine and just a print. could compare with a pic of it!?
hi, the screening in paris was great! i really enjoyed it. in the reward it also says: "you'll also each get art prints, our tee shirt, a sneak peek of the soundtrack, weekly playlists, our production diary and the script." any idea where / when do we get the art prints and the tee shirts? thanks
it's about time to book the flights for london, we need to know what time the screening starts and where...
i attended the paris premiere last monday. the film is fantastic, no zb/gardenstate fan can be disappointed. the q&a was also very cool and instructive. to @claudia and the the other people who have problems with their rewards, i am sad for the bad experience you encounter, i expect everything will be solved soon. in the q&a zach said he will not use kickstarter anytime soon, as it is way too much work, even with a fantastic team. but he also said that we will certainly see his next movie without having to wait for 10 years :-) . once again, congratulations to zach, coco, all his team, and to everyone in the 46520 backers.
any news on the screening for non-us backers? a bit sad that everybody in the us can see this movie now before all the backers have had a chance of seeing it... mostly i'm disappointed that the issue just seems to be ignored by zb and the rest of the wiwh kickstarter crew. and, since there is no release date planned yet in my country, it will probably be a long time until i'll be able to see the movie otherwise. this sucks, hope there will be an answer soon!
amazing movie <3 so glad to have been part of this ! congrats to all the team and thanks to coco the amazing community manager !
i gave my daughter my paris screening and q&a. best gift ever, i am a very cool mother tonight ! thanks wiwh team.
howdy! waiting on my merch to be delivered. can't do any screenings in south africa, so am super eager to get the bundle i contributed to :-/ pretty please send the backers an update on what's cracking.
re: london screening. also need to know location and time asap. im travelling from outside of london and it my sisters birthday so need to coordinate plans asap!
for those who already went to a premiere, can you tell me how long it lasted ? movie + q&a ? 2 hours and a half ? 3 hours ? thanks
hi ! i never got the info for tomorrow's screening in paris : / i think i was forgotten because i later switched from the la screening to the paris one. any chance it's not  too late ?
i went to see the movie yesterday in minsk, belarus. wish i was here was sold out (thank god i got the tickets in advance), guardians of the galaxy was not. that tells you something. great movie, thank you.
got to see the movie yesterday. my wife and i really liked it. i am just glad i got to contribute to something that turned out so good.  thank you zach.
does anyone know when the vinyls are being shipped?
any news on the uk screening? i'm needing to sort out accommodation and it's getting a bit close now. i have no idea where it is being shown.
@tan alice + @anyone who goes to paris' screening :  as i had the same question as alice, i asked it to the person who is managing the screening.  there is no tickets, just a guest list at the entrance.
i'm in australia and loved the movie! it only showed in sydney for a little bit and i missed it in cinemas because of that... but the screening was awesome! i carved out some time to watch it and am so glad i did :)
my wiwh package got sent to la,  hopefully it just got returned to sender.  i was wondering how can i get it shipped out again.  i emailed kings road merchant besides that does anyone have contact info for them.  also is there going to be a graffiti wall print in the rewards.  i didn't see the wall in the movie.  thanks jace.
got my email with the screenplay but it won't download. anyone else having issues?
i just watched "watch what happens live" expecting at least a shout out to the backers, but nothing? seriously feeling like we're just a means to an end, at this point. honestly...if you needed us to make this happen, you could have thanked us. but, nothing?
hello, for the french premiere screening, has anyone received their tickets for it yet ?
@durand alexandre : said in a mail we received: it's in english, with french subtitles. .
i didn't get to see the screening, never got the link... :/
@alexander tam: oh, man :( i feel bad for those who pledged at that level. you're absolutely right, it is not at all (!) the same thing and it doesn't have the same value :/ such a let down. have you tried talking to the team about it? have they said anything back?
@ricardo: as in he signed one dvd sleeve and basically photocopied a copy for everyone who backed. in my opinion, it is quite a bit different to zach signing the dvd for us himself. if i knew it was just a photocopy of his signature i would not have chosen that backer level.
when will we be receiving our records?
@christian page: most of the people complaining are neither threatening to sue nor taking some of their precious time to build this evil campaign to bring the movie down. come on now. i'm sorry to say this, but that's a very american mentality, we just don't sue everyone when things don't go according to plan.
@alexander tam: what do you mean it was just a printed copy? do you have a photo you can show us? if that is correct: wow :(
signed "garden state" dvd// your own personal copy of the film, and i will sign the dvd jacket for you. did anyone else back this? the promise of zach signing the dvd jacket for us appears to have been a lie as it was just a printed copy of his signature, quite misleading!
[de] zwei tickets für berlin gegen 150 € spende and sos-kinderdorf abzugeben. anfragen bitte an ziegler.juergen@posteo.net [en] two tickets for berlin screening available for 150€ donation to http://www.sos-kinderdorf.de. email me at ziegler.juergen@posteo.net
i have two spare tix for the paris screening. email me at francis.verquin@gmail.com,
@ricardo oliveira that's why people are threating to sue and saying that they will not do anything to help the movie at this point. they are also trying to lunch campaigns to give it bad ratings on numerous sites. yah those are the actions of someone that does not want something to fail. their mentality is sucsed with me or i will try to make you fail
it is pretty amazing how the wiwh team are trying to cover their ears and make this blow away. here is my the latest answer from coco to a question from me about why there was a geoblock and who the entity behind the block was. (you get the same answer every time when you try to press them for answers about this topic. she was even throwing paypal cash at me, trying to stop the questions): ---cut here--- i mean, i know what you want from me, but i can't provide that answer right now, which i'm sorry about, and that's all i can say. coco ----cut here--- my reply to them is left unanswered: --cut here-- it's absolutely stunning that you can't provide a simple answer like "we couldnt release the film for viewing in ****** and ********* because we sold the exclusive rights to this distribution companies in those countries". if you sold your soul and left every backer in the dirt, have the dignity to tell us. as of now you sound like a lawyerd up company that is childishly scared of being sued by the entities in question. you do understand you are destroying kickstarter as a platform for small independent movies by doing what you have done now? the longer you wait until you fess up, the worst this will be for everyone involved. and worst; the longer it will take for people to ever wanting to support a movies on kickstarter again. just because you got greedy. shame on you!!!! ---cut here---
hi! does anyone knows in what language is the movie for the french screening? i hope it's in the original language.
@christian page: it was clear many comments ago that you're the one who doesn't understand how kickstarter works. you're talking nonsense and you fail to realize that none of us want this movie to fail.
hi,  does anyone know what language the german screening will be in? usually movies are synchronized here, but i really hope this one is not :/
@gunnar that's assuming that the only issue is the foreign distributors. there are so many other factors that almost certainly came into play ranging from local laws to copyright holders of the music not clearing the track(s) (or wanting a hefty amount of money) in that market. anyway zach and coco have both said they will work something out for those who didn't get to see it so people should just relax about it for a bit, you may get something that works out better than the online screening
@christian page: umm.. back up a bit there - it was you who said that:  "christian page 4 days ago @gunnar hellenstam  except they would get thier asses sued for thousends if they let it go out in those countries. " i was just trying to explain that if they had opened themselves up to a lawsuit from the foreign distributors for letting us see the screening that was the reward for the pledge we made, it's because they had sold them the rights to an event that they had already sold tickets to. what do you base your claim that the majority of the backers are from the usa? i haven't seen any such data. i know that there are between 150-200 backers from tiny little sweden alone (because they sent out an e-mail where they failed to hide the other recipients), and that that's just one country in europe, and a fairly small one at that. the other numbers i listed was based on the numbers in the pledge lists to the right of this comments section. i picked the first 2 levels above $30 that listed "you'll also get an invite to our backer's thank you screening" and there are more pledges that include that. the 18601 backers in my examples ($30, $40 and $60) should all have been eligible for the screening, and they are not the only ones - 254 backers @ $75, 557 backers @ $125, 600 backers @ $150, 710 backers @ $175 (and so on) should also have been invited. a lot of them were. but far from all of them. the numbers in my last post was low estimates of the numbers of backers effected by this screwup. a screwup that could easily have been prevented - or failing that, at least communicated in advance.
@christian page have you even read the kickstarter faq? here let me quote: "is a creator legally obligated to fulfill the promises of their project? yes. kickstarter's terms of use require creators to fulfill all rewards of their project or refund any backer whose reward they do not or cannot fulfill...this information can serve as a basis for legal recourse if a creator doesn't fulfill their promises. we hope that backers will consider using this provision only in cases where they feel that a creator has not made a good faith effort to complete the project and fulfill."
@anna meinig ich hatte die gleichen infos und mich auch gewundert. ich hab dann per "contact me" mit coco kommuniziert und sie meinte: "nothing is wrong, it was delivered to the fedex international hub in la so it's on the way to you!!" außerdem hat sie mir noch zugesichert das sie an einer möglichkeit arbeiten uns für das gegeoblockte screening zu entschädigen. sie ist sehr freundlich und antwortet so schnell sie kann, also wenn du noch mehr fragen hast, klick einfach auf den "contact me"-button und schieß los :d
@jason lines hey jason wich rewared are you talking about? i think you may have missread it i dont think there is a rewared tear that included two art prints/shirts the 200 tear just says you get the prints and our shirt
@gunnar hellenstam everything you said is 100% wrong man you clearly do not understand what kick starter is read the terms of services and other crap before you say anyone can sue. no one can secondly are you kidding me with the 50% of users could not see it? you have to be an idiot if you think that many pepole realy could not see it the majority of backers are in the usa and the number of pepole that are busy for 29hrs straight without even 1hr of off time is small. also anyone that was going to the live screenings was never going to get the online screening so a large percentage of backers were not supose to be online
like all above, i'm bummed about the customs on the orders. i hope that it would be changed for the vinyl order? we paid extra for international shipping already, hopefully with the vinyl order it won't be like this. thanks!
i received my t-shirt and prints in the mail. i can't wait for the vinyl to show up. as advertised, the t-shirt is as soft as a kitten taint.
i still haven't received my shirt. i checked with the tracking number and it says it was received in la! i live in germany so that seems a bit wrong! can you please check where my order went to? also, what will be the alternative to the failed screening for the german backers? hope to hear from you soon!
just received my t-shirt and prints. it seems they've updated the declared value from earlier shipments as it says $5 on the front, so i've not had any customs demands. it's taken a while but so happy that they're finally here. can't wait for the film to come out in the uk so i can see it again, i forgot to look out for rowdy in the screener.
i sort-of received my rewards yesterday - well, half of them anyway!my pledge was for two tickets to the nyc screening, and that came with two sets of rewards (shirt & prints x 2). i received one shirt and one set of prints, so i'm a bit worried i've been missed out! has anything like this happened to anyone else, or has anyone had a set of two rewards in one package? i'm hoping the two sets of rewards will just come in two seperate packages, but i don't know how that would make sense with the postage costs. (unless there was a delay on the other prints/specific shirt size). any info would be reassuring/panic inducing. thanks :)
i had no chance to see the backer's thank you screening. will there be an alternative? really looking forward to see the movie :-)
when will we get the screenplay?
@christian page - the only reason they could get sued if they had let us see the screening we paid for is because they sold the same pony twice. first they sold us tickets to go on a pony ride (watch the screening), and then after selling us those tickets they went ahead and sold the entire pony (foreign distribution rights) off to other companies without making arrangements along the lines of "the people who already bought tickets need to be allowed to ride the pony". we bought "tickets" to the screening before they sold off the foreign distribution rights. we had a prior claim to the right to watch the screening than the companies demanding that we were locked out. and then they phrase it "you are in one of the countries that has chosen to go forward with their own special reward for wish i was here at a later date." - who chose what, when and how? the choice i made was to pledge $30 in exchange for a chance to see the screening - provided of course that the project was successful. the project is a success, but they failed to deliver what we paid for. now, there are 5707 backers just at the $30 level. if even half of those are effected by this issue (either geolocked or missed the screening due to the very short notice), that's roughly $85 000 effectively scammed out of us foreign backers and people who don't read their e-mail daily. and that's just counting the money from backers at the $30 dollar level - there are many more backers at a number of higher pledge-levels that are effected as well (9952 backers at $40, 2942 backers at $60 and so on), but since the screening isn't their primary reward it's hard to calculate an exact value for them. they took our money but didn't deliver the goods. so, tell me @christian page - do you think well over $85 000 collectively is worth getting upset about?
@christian page, so it's better to not get sued by the copyright holders than being sued by individuals kickstarter backers outside the us? do you see the irony of how zach braff is destroying kickstarter for independent filmmakers?
@christian page: so, they could or think about that before the screening and prepare people for this (it was really, really shitty to discover that at 2am), they could try to think about when they sold the movie, as they knew there were people from all around the world. they could try to be open the fact that people from outside a delimited area could be left out of the screening as they were counting with the selling of the distribution wrights. they did none. there are people who will probably not see the movie. at least for a long time. because is an indie american movie and not all cinemas have these kind movies as their priority. i can say for myself that the screening was the way i had to be sure i!ll watch the movie. it was what motivated me giving the amount of money i had, instead of just a symbolic amount that would say: great idea, good luck. is sad, and saying that our complains are too much, or just a wining bla-bla is just not being able to have any kind of compassion or empathy.  is almost as worst than the dead silence zach is giving us.
@gunnar hellenstam except they would get thier asses sued for thousends if they let it go out in those countries. it was out of thier control do you really think they were siting around a table and said lets sqrew these contries for no reason at all im sure nothing could go wrong by sqrewing them obvusly they did not do that but thats how you make it out to sound
got two tickets to the paris screening and q&a on august 4th, 20:30 at le publicis. will sell for $80 for both through paypal. send an email to: noeliaollvid@hotmail.com if interested.
@gunnar hellenstam: lool, i gave the same exact analogy a couple of days ago, it sucks being left out at the party entrance!
@christian page - there is always a risk that a kickstarter will fail - no matter how much money it gets. that's sad, but when it happens it happens equally to all backers. backing a kickstarter project is always a gamble. this time around however, the project didn't fail. some of you guys have got your rewards. the problem is that someone, somewhere actively pushed a button (activating the geolocking filters on the "thank you screening") preventing a lot of us from accessing a reward that was available to others. and since it's a digital reward it wasn't due to production capacity or anything practical like that. imagine if you like that you have bought tickets for a party. you are excited to go, the host (zach himself in the e-mails and updates leading up to the screening) is all like "clear your schedule, don't miss it! here's how to get in!" and we followed all of those instructions but when we get there there's a bouncer at the door that says "yeah, i can see you on the list, but you are not from the cool part of town, so screw you". the party wasn't canceled. we did everything right on our end. but we were still denied the reward we paid for and that other backers actually got. so yeah - this stings a lot more than the yogadventure failure (or any other failed project) would have.
hey guys, any word as to when the script pdf will be sent out?
you guys are responding worse then the yogadventure backers. and they are getting nothing as the hole protect failed in the end despite raising far more then it needed.
hey, i'm from europe and was traveling at the time of the online screening. is another screening window planned, or did i miss on my chance to redeem my backer-reward?
hello, i haven't received my rewards yet, if you could let me know when - many thanks kate, uk
i got my rewards- yay! but unfortunately like several other people here, found that kings road merch has very misleading sizing.  a ladies xl usually fits me no problem, but this one looks like a good size too small.  don't really like being able to see the entire shape of my bellybutton through the shirt.  is there any way to exchange our shirts for ones that might fit properly, or are we all out of luck?
when will the script be sent?  just to le you know that ii did receive everything else.. saw the movie in the theatre and just loved it.  it was great to see it on the big screen!!
hello. i havent had my rewards yet.xx
hey guys, just a quick comment as i haven't received my rewards yet. not sure if it's because i'm all the way over here in australia, but just wanted to let you know. the film was amazing!! thanks, jeremy
thanks for the reply to my previous post.  just wanted to comment, i missed the 31 hour window for the backer screening due to traveling for work and am a bit disappointed - for $100 pledge the main item i was most excited for was to actually see the movie.  it's not playing in my area either.  wish you much success with the film, but feedback for next time - i hope you'll consider an alternate screening time for backers so more people will have an opportunity to view the movie.  anyhow, i'm sure it is great :)
hi guys! still haven't received my reward yet... i hope you can do something about it! i'm excited to see the movie, i'm sure you did an amazing job with it!!
got my shirt,  yay!  the size however could fit a child.  disappointed with manufactures now,  a ladies xl should fit over my hips.  know why it's an xl.  my boobs!  a lot of material is taken over my breasts,  then with long torso... you get the point. excitement turned to dismay turned to folding it up,  putting it in a drawer to know i'll never see it again.  it's just a t-shirt,  but would be a reminder everytime i put it on that i was a part of something... now it's a reminder of clothing manufacturing and their misconception of an above average lady size.  sigh.  still love ya,  just not where the clothing came from.  carry on with your greatness!!!
why was there a value of 40 usd put on the shirts duty declaration? the step from no shirt to shirt has a 10 usd difference... now i had to pay about another 10 usd to customs, and the streaming didn't even work here. this project so far is a big disappointment to me.
hi, i live in the uk and could not get my screening to play.  are there any other options to watch a screening?
yeah i am yet to receive my pledge... i filled out all the emails and forms ages ago...
oh and i received my tshirt the day the film opens.  coincidence i think not!
returns:  i underestimated my summer weight, unfortunately.  is there any way i can return my tshirt for size.  pls, pretty pls.
email from zach/coco received today says they won't do another screening online as the films in cinemas from today, which sucks. (what's the bet it won't show in any cinemas near me?) email also said all shirts etc should have shipped coz they've been picked up by fedex, but i checked my kings road confirmation & my stuff hasn't shipped yet... they said to email them/use contact me button if that was the case so we'll see what happens. nothing's been said about the script yet so far as i've seen, maybe that'll turn up eventually? who knows...  not feeling massively optimistic about anything to do with this project right now...
i totally missed the vhx.tv email....still not sure i received one. please do another screening. loved the trailer as i knew i would. great job guys.
has the script been sent yet?
i unfortunately didn't realized that i missed the screening time. having a couple more would be a huge help.
@amit pahwa they said yould get 3 1hr windows that the movie would be in.  instead they gave you 29 1 hour windows and you say that this is not fulfilling what they said
received my t-shirt yesterday (i'm from singapore) - so it did arrive. still waiting on the alternative reward for the screening though.
congratulations, zach!  i watched the screening and i loved the movie.  good onya, mate!
i'm also curious about whether or not the backers that didn't get to see the  movie will have another opportunity to watch?
i couldn't watch it either in the time limit- please let us know if there will be another viewing (and in advance). thanks!
zach say in his latest post that he couldt have made the movie without you. tell you to upvote the movie without having seen it. and how greatfull is he, by letting everybody in the us see it before you (people outside the us) ever get a chance. i call that an a**h*le and liar. by the time people outsider the us get to see it, none of the stars will be avail to q&a, you are left with dust.
agree with the other comments. i couldn't make that first screening but i'd still like to watch. any plans on some more screenings (ideally with larger viewing windows)?
i thought there were supposed to be at least 3 live online screenings? are we only getting 1 with that short viewing window?
i'll be honest i think i forgot to get my t shirt i was expecting a survey via kickstarter - any chance of getting a large sent my way?
got my backer rewards today. i'm not sure how kingsmerch's sizing works, but i ordered the xl women's cut. the label says xl but this shirt looks to be made a small.
that short window to watch the screening was really not cool.  will there be an alternate time to watch it?
hello anybody interested in a ticket for the paris screening on the 4th of august? i got two, but the second person unfortunately can't come. email me on this address: francis.verquin@gmail.com
i got the shirt a week or so ago, and i love the soft fabric, as i love being part of this whole ordeal, as someone else said: well spent $40, even though i'm one of those who didn't get to see the movie because of my location. however, i can't believe krm marked the shirts at $40 before sending them out! thanks to norway's insane customs whatchamacallit, i had to pay $32.27 to get it. gotta admit, i was tempted to leave it there :/
just got an official mail (from zach as it seems): hi backers, ...  for the international backers who had problems viewing the screening, we are working on a solution and will be in touch with each and every one of you who let us know. pps. if you haven't received your physical rewards yet, please reach out to us by clicking contact me on our kickstarter page, so we can check on where they are! if you filled out your survey on time, they have been sent! we are always available at the contact me button to answer any questions you have about rewards.
@jerry smetzer: there is a contact me button on kickstarter! on pc, it should be to the right, below zach's information and above the list with the rewards. and they're very quick to answer those messages
cant find the mentioned contact me button. havent received my physical rewards yet.
you all sent me an email message today to the email account you have for me.  the message invited me to press the "contact me" button on your kickstarter site if i had not received any stuff or memorabilia.  i replied to your email message thus:  ========== "i donated at the $200 level, but, so far, i haven't received any promised stuff or other memorabilia from your film "wish i was here."  the worst about this lack of stuff or memorabilia is that you have suggested i hit the "contact me" button on your kickstarter page.  there is no "contact me" button on your kickstarter page. the address you used to send me the email that started this message track is correct.  please use it to tell me why i'm not getting my stuff.  i did receive the web based vid with you, zach, pointing at my name.  cute." jerry smetzer jsmetzer@gmail.com juneau, alaska ======== the above message was returned because i was not supposed to send a reply to your original email. did you mean i should leave a comment on your kickstarter page in order to find out about my stuff?  ok.  the above is my comment.
my shirt arrived yesterday but thanks to kvm i hat to pay 5.60 € to german customs. i realy wish they'd declared the shirt right.
i wasn't able to watch the screening. will there be an alternative or other chance?
i still have not received my rewards.  thank you for checking on this.
i was unable to watch the film during the 1 day window due to work.. after backing i would really appreciate an alternate date made available to watch.. is this a possibility?  thanks in advance, really looking forward to being able to screen the film.  cheers,
received t-shirt last week and pleased with quality.  unfortunately i missed the last 30min of the film with many attempts to view, probably because of poor download speed :(   i would like the opportunity to view full movie as what i saw i did enjoy.
my t-shirt and other stuff still don't sent... -_- that's incredible... i'll move from my place in over 1 month... i don't know if they will make it or not
for anyone wondering, coco let me know that the signed posters will ship separately after the cast has signed them all. i should have paid closer attention to the survey. just wanted to pass it on to anyone looking for information here.
ps: coco has been great answering my questions though!
i'm a little sad that we're still waiting for an update or some official comment from zach regarding the online screening. seeing all the updates and comments/reviews about the movie on social media sites doesn't help. it feels like we were asked to a party with all the cool people, then got there and the bodyguard didn't find our names on the guest list. the cool people get in and enjoy the party, we stay outside in the cold listening to them partying in the distance. it sucks :/
@dan gough the problem is kings road merch who handle the t-shirts have put a ridiculous value on the customs form. if you check the various stores they provide the backend and merchandise for they charge between $15 and $20 for a shirt and that's with the store owner making a profit on each shirt. a valuation in that range in most countries would get passed the customs charge but they have put $40 valuation on it. as it is promotional items are supposed to be exempt from customs so they should have been sent out declared as promotional items so valuation wouldn't have mattered but imho kings road merch are looking to make more money than zach and co are paying the for the t-shirts as no doubt some will go missing and for everyone they will then be able to claim $40 in compensation. anyway krm will just be rude if you contact them so i would suggest using the contact me button on the right and contact the wiwh team directly
wonderful film, and kickstarter experience.
i've talked to coco via the contact me button. she seems really helpful, i would talk to her rather than krm.
i also go the fulfillment package without the signed poster. let me know what kings road says.  i would've assumed that they would've shipped it separately rolled, but my fulfillment status is completed and that worries me.
anyone else get their fulfillment package without the signed poster? i've got an email in to kings road merch, but they said it would take 2 or 3 days for a reply. just curious.
i missed the screener time frame (and it looks like i wasn't the only one who did).  i didn't see the email until the next day.  also, it would be nice if the time frame was more than one day.  people have other responsibilities & it was really short notice:  "oh, here's the link, you have to watch it today, or you miss it!"  not very fair to your supporters.
still waiting on my t-shirts etc two months after ordering. asked krm for a refund of their stated value. they replied that they don't offer refunds on 'free' rewards (must be why they mark them at a high price so people get stung for import charges, you know being 'free' rewards with no value). they said their site quoted a june ship time, um yeah, it's july 15th now and it still hasn't shipped. they also said my order will ship as soon as possible, any advice when that might be please? 5 months, 10 years, never? if they ever do ship please remember that they're 'free' when you mark their value yeah? wish i was here - wish i never backed ;)
received the email with the screening instructions for the movie with little notice. never even had the chance to watch it before it expired. don't think enough time was given beforehand for people to be ready for this. don't always have a chance to read my email daily. hope there will still be a chance to view this screening for those that didn't get to before the movie comes out.
just wanted to thank coco for all of her help managing the kickstarter portion. last night's nyc premiere and after party were phenomenal and i was so happy that i was able to play a minor part in making this all happen. wishing everyone involved in the making of this film much success.
rune mareliussen about 18 hours ago dan, look at the value they put om the package. it's crazy. i ask via the contact button here kickstarter, and they refunded me almost right away. what did you tell them? i have the same problem...
i absolutely loved the film. great job to everyone involved. i had some minor glitches (screen going black- only hearing the movie for a few mins) but i was able to still watch the entire film. (still waiting for my shirt and pictures though!) all in all i think zach and team did a great job.
for the most part i have been super happy with this project! we had a great time in chicago for the screening. but the company you used for the t-shirts and prints are super rude and unprofessional. when inquiring why my shirts still hadn't shipped their response was rude and didn't make much since as they stated that they would be shipped by the end of june and it was july when i contacted them. now that they have finally shipped it is taking forever for them to get here. next time go with a company that doesn't treat your backers like a hassle.
very disappointed with the online screening. 30 minutes into the movie "your session has expired"... thought i was allowed 3 hours to watch the movie... not 30 minutes.
"sincere apologies, but we are having some trouble with the online screening in your territory. undertaking a worldwide screening has many challenges, and we have tried until the last possible moment to make this all work, but unfortunately we will be unable to screen the movie for you today. " :'(
despite the issues that have come up, which is going to happen with a new undertaking like this, we should all be proud to be a part of something bigger than ourselves. a year ago, we all believed in a vision, zach's vision, and it became real because we helped make it happen. let's not forget the reasons we supported the wish i was here project. whether it be a story you can relate to, giving lesser known actors and independent artists a chance to shine, or just to see and feel something different from typical hollywood, which i believe wish i was here has done. good job wish i was here crew, pat yourselves on the back (that includes all you kickstarters).
@rune mareliussen: lool, i know that feeling ;)
what a great movie and a great experience this ks has been! my family loved the movie and the whole ride has been amazing!  we loved the movie so much i think we'll see it again once it comes out in theaters!  kudos to everyone involved!
[sweden] aside from the problems with the online streaming of the movie, do you people from sweden (or nearby) recieved your t-shirt & art prints, or is it just me who doesn't have received them yet? (should i do something? yes, i filled out the survey =))
michelle, every time there is a post like yours in this forum, you kill a baby. that is how it feels for everybody outside the us.
i feel like i have to put this out there - this was probably the best $40 i ever spent. so fun to get all the behind the scenes stuff for the past year... and the music and the t-shirt and all the emails, everything - and then to see the finished product which was so perfectly zach braff and awesome. i love this movie and love feeling like a part of. thanks all!
i was unable to see the movie too. even though i'm still glad i contributed and posted earlier that i thought everyone should not bash the movie itself, that i'm sure they are working hard on finding a solution for everyone... they're not. even though it says "3 online screenings", it probably won't happen. i wrote them explaining i wasn't able to get it to work (during the alloted time) which i had cancelled my plans for.. they referred me to the vhx site and that was never resolved, so i didn't get to watch it. when i asked if there would be another viewing or something similar for people who paid for that and didn't get to see it here was the response: "hi devon, unfortunately, the online screening is over, and we cannot extend it. i hope you are able to enjoy the film in the theater in the coming weeks. coco" so clearly they aren't going to remedy it besides giving everyone in other countries some extra "stuff". i guess those of us in the u.s. who didn't get to watch it due to their technical errors are s.o.l. what a bummer....
dan, look at the value they put om the package. it's crazy. i ask via the contact button here kickstarter, and they refunded me almost right away.
got a note from royal mail (i live in uk) through my letterbox asking for £12.72 customs charge for them to deliver my t shirt. say what?! i wanna defend zach and co from all the negativeness on here, i think theyre pulling off a massive feat and so are allowed a couple glitches, but come on man! thought the shirt was a generous gift for my generous donation!
@kay feker, use this link for the soundtrack.  you must pause ghostery or other no-tracker plug-ins so that the 'jump' to the tracks will display. enjoy!  you can also look on youtube. several people have built playlists of the songs selected for wiwh.  there are only 3 original songs for this movie. http://music-mix.ew.com/2014/07/10/stream-the-wish-i-was-here-soundtrack-with-exclusive-commentary-by-zach-braff/
i saw the online screening and thought it was great!  being able to see the film before it's even released?   fantastic!   loved the film and thought the performances were all wonderful.    zach and everyone involved have done an exceptional job keeping us informed, entertained and "in the loop."    i feel like a producer of the film!
didn't get to watch the film... kinda glad i didn't after hearing people's experience with the poor quality and water marks. what an insult. to the people who gave you 3 million dollars you offer a low quality, water marked mess? i would have been furious, but instead i'm just disappointed. i'm still glad that i got to contribute to an independent filmmaker getting to maintain his artistic vision and my wife loves the shirt. maybe we'll see the film when it comes out on dvd.
so, i finally heard back from kings road merch on why my rewards have not been shipped.  here is what they wrote back (after about 4 days): "our site quoted a june ship time and we apologize if there was different communication around these orders and being a little bit behind on the schedule. we have 30,000 customers with different bundles.  these bundles will be shipping at different times as our inventory dictates.  we fulfill the physical items as the wiwh team fulfills all screenings and soundtracks with email notifications.  your order will ship as soon as possible and we thank you for your patience and understanding." this is unacceptable.  amazon deals with way more than 30,000 customers, each with a custom order, and i get my stuff in 2 days (the next day, if i pay extra).  kings road itself quotes 4 day shipping. i seem to recall one of the selling points made here was that a professional fulfillment company would be used to make sure the reward transfer process went smoothly.  this transfer process is neither professional nor smooth.
on vacation this weekend, no chance to stream, will there be another chance?  the $30 level ways "3 live online screenings".
as a backer, i received the link to listen to the soundtrack and when i click on it, it takes me to an error page. how can i access the soundtrack?
as other backers have also mentioned, the ability to have a continuous 3 hours to screen the movie in the 29 hours time window wasn't possible for all of us. will there be another option for backers to screen the movie?
saw the movie last night in ny. it was amazing. thank you guys so much for pulling it off and making a movie that your backers can be proud of funding.
unfortunately, i was unable to watch the film because the narrow window for viewing happened during our family vacation. are there any plans for backers to get another opportunity to see the film (other than buying a ticket or dvd)? i see people where having problems with the viewing system. might i suggest a service like ustream, they are much more reliable and you can put the file up there with more options. just a thought! btw: just saw zach on the today show this morning. good plug for the film there.
probably.
did i miss the "writing on the wall"?
what a fantastic film.  very thoughtful selection of music, cast, locations, etc.  mandy patinkin was exceptional.  my wife and i laughed and cried.  if anyone who sees this film hasn't experienced the struggle inherent in loss of family and the challenge of finding and keeping faith they'll get a wealth of perspective in the theater.  zb - this movie is as real as it gets.  thanks for making my small investment worth every penny.  the journey from kickstarter fundraising through update after update was incredible.  all the best in what should be an amazing week for you and this film.
watched it. loved it. want the dvd! well done zach and team. this really felt like the spiritual sequel to garden state and we couldn't be happier to have been able to watch it from home. this is by far our film of the year and we'll be watching it again.
from now on i'm only backing film projects that offer a digital download. limiting the availability of the movie to the kickstarter backers was very uncool. there is no technical reason they couldn't expand the window of availability to accommodate the variety of schedules that a large group of people will have. to ignore the complaints voiced here is an insult. i suspect that this very limited reward was delivered like this for no reason besides mo'money for the filmmakers. i am disappointed. zach says he won't be using kickstarter again. i'm not surprised. fool me once, shame on you.
i was all ready to come on here and have a whinge about the crappy distribution system used with constant buffering, low quality video, and annoying watermarks throughout but after reading from others i guess i was lucky to be able to see anything at all. i must say, i did contact the vhx support who were great and even though the movie viewing was already ruined by the 45min interruption they did try to help and were professional and friendly in responding to my less than impressed emails.
what i saw of the film was very good. however, with about 15 minutes left in the movie, i just got a bunch of freezing and the looping issues. i e-mailed support and never got a reply. i fought with it by refreshing my browser over and over and then finally gave up.
really enjoyed the film despite some online glitches. have listened to the streaming soundtrack at least 5-6 times - very nice. thank you!
@tobias a it would seam you did not read what i was responding to. people are saying that it should have had 3 singlure seprit showings and that would have made it so less people missed it. this is clearly 100% not true. i have said many times i do think they should have communicated better. at least day of said which countries were blocked. there is nothing that could have been done to free all countries alot of the germany have alot of rules and laws to get around that delay things like this all the time. why they did not tell us weeks ahead was because they were still trying to get by many of these. if they just gave up early alot less people would have gotten it but they still should have told us at least a day ahead which places had trouble and that they were making these plans to fix things
i'm afraid i have had the same problem as well. i realise these things can happen. i will probably still see the film in the cinema (the best format in my opinion), but getting to see it early would have been a nice bonus.hope we can all hear an update soon on what happened. i'm still glad that i have been a part of this. thank you for letting us have that chance and good luck for the release!
i'm also another who wasn't able to watch it the other night, but i agree with t zysk... no big deal, still happy to have contributed to something i believed in. i do think it's a bit crappy they haven't even posted an updated apologizing for the fiasco and hope they either give itunes downloads or something of the sort but i'm sure they're dealing with enough in the meantime. trashing the movie itself or zach braff or anyone involved doesn't do anything and doesn't make anything move any faster. if anything they're having to stop and read all the rude posts coming to their emails, essentially slowing down any progress.
@christian page i don't think the main issue, at least for me, is the time frame or geo lock in it self. it's the fact that they sent out a mail saying "cancel all your plans, watch it on this date!" - then send the link to you, saying "don't press it yet, only last 3 hours - better get comfy first!". then you do get comfy, i and probably others were excited about the movie and may have prepared with snacks/food and friends - only to be greeted to this message. had they only just let us know up front "hey guys.. so uuuhm, it's geoblocked. don't waste your time. but we'll figure something out" - then it would have been much easier to handle.
i (and apparently many others) were under the impression that there would be multiple screenings, since that was what our tier said.  between work and caring for my family, i wasn't able to view the movie during the period it was available, but i don't need to explain myself schedule to anyone. i've been a backer for a few other crowdfunded movies which were handled better (through different sites), but i'm still hoping that zach and his team will find a way to help us out.  maybe they're working on it right now. i'm sorry you missed it too.  i'm a huge fan of garden state and from the trailer for wiwh, i'm still really excited about it.  there's no reason to sue (nor have i seen that mentioned, and you're right, that's crazy), i've been burned on a few crowdfunded projects before, it happens, i would just hope that someone who has the resources, such as zach, can rectify the situation. however, it's still good for the producers to see that there are a chunk of supporters that feel cheated and want to find a resolution to help the movie succeed.
another person who missed the screening; i did not see the email until today. wish there was more advance notice! still glad to have helped fund and i'm sure i will see it eventually~ (if you do another online screening to make up for other people who missed it, just please don't do it during sdcc in a week and a half hahaha)
@ricardo oliveira firts i did not get to watch it online so stop trying to make it a class devied. second america is alot bigger then you think because 90% of people dont get to actually meet celebrities. we do not all know eacth other lastly im going to sate this for the 500th time even if they went with the 3 showings instead of 27 hrs the most days it could be on was 3 now if you make the ovuse step that they would want to put eatch showing at a difrent time so that pepole in any time zone can watch it then only 1 of the 3 would be at a good time for you to watch a movie and if that one time was while at work yould be out of luck this is why less people missed out on it fom having 27hrs to watch it then 3 chances. do you honestly believe that there are more people that were busy for 27 hrs straight then ther would have been people busy at 3 randomly selected times? so if different days 5am this morning 2 pm tomarow  and 10 pm the day after? even in that best case senerio do you realy think no one would be on here ranting about the times saying that how in thier time zone all those land at to bad of times? thats why 27hrs is a million times better people are over reacting to this calling it a scam and froude. wanting to sue despite having no grounds to stand on. they are calling zach an ass. sorry but im not going to sit by and let that happen over something so stupid.
@christian page: never have they said that the 3 screenings would be over the course of 24 hours alone! to all of those who managed to watch the movie and are now against those who couldn't and are feeling frustrated, please abstain from those comments. you obviously don't know the feeling and lack the empathy to put yourself in our shoes. it's easier to talk after watching the movie. every complaints (the geoblock, the time frame, the short notice) are valid. i'll try to explain it. it's very hard to love movies (like most of us probably do) and live outside the us. we don't have the same opportunities. we can't go to movie festivals, we can't meet our favourite stars, we can't watch our favourite movies as soon as they're out there. the same goes for tv shows, music, etc. we're constantly feeling left out, miles away from where the magic is happening. garden state is one of my favourite movies. for me this was the opportunity to watch one of my most anticipated movies ever before everyone else with a group of nice and passionate people (the backers!). this never happens! i was excited about it, proud, even, specially because i was/am a part of it. this is why i feel so sad and frustrated. i don't want to speak for everyone, but i suspect some of you may feel this way. i don't want to trash the movie, i still want it to be great. i want zach to become the director he has the potential to be.  they should have given us an answer by now, even a short one. i suspect they're trying to think of a good solution asap and only then will they contact us. i want to believe that. let's wait together and hope for the best
as christina already said, we're not sure if we have the online screening included but we got the first mail asking for a couple of days. anyway, i think it would have been a good idea to send this earlier.
@the psion as i just fing said. if there was only 3 screenings you would have had less time less chances to see it and even fewer chances to reschedule how can you possible logically think yould have more of a chance of seeing it if it aired at 5am 2 pm and 10 pm  only and had a hard set time then you had when you had 24+hopurs to watch it in being able to start at any time
we got also mail (at least in austria): hi austrian backers, again, sincerest apologies that you were unable to view the online screening yesterday. we are going to do everything we can to find a solution for this, and we would like nothing more than to show you the film. thank you for filling out your survey, this helps us make sure that we can make it right with each and every one of you. it may take a few days for us to sort this out, but we will keep everyone updated as we make progress. thank you so much for your patience. wiwh
@christian page the reward we paid for specifically says "at least three online screenings."  we were given one window to watch it, and no way to ever reschedule it.  that's shitty.
i finally got mail.
@the psion  im geting tierd opf people posting this stupid complaint you had 24+hr window that thats over 24 screenings. so you were busy for 24 hours straight but you think that you would magical have been less busy if they only had 3 screenings spreed out throughout the same day.
didn't get to see the online screening, which is a load of crap!  we were promised "at least three online screenings"  what a scam!
a day after a lot of people were banned from the online screening and still no word from zach... that's not only outrageous but really whats maddening
geoblocked here in germany. if i had known in advance that "across the world" was like us/uk only would have choosen a other pledge. i hope this gets sorted out somehow with a addtional streaming or something.
out-of-town for the 27 hours they decided to screen it for. still haven't received the rest of my pledge items after over a year of waiting.
i tried to watch the movie last night, but it kept stopping.  (i am in the us, for what its worth.) i am disappointed.
@dan philips: no, the plan was to do 3 screenings at different times/dates, but they changed it to that one day where you can watch it whenever you want (which was yesterday)
@ mike morris: we also thought that the online screening would be included. and now as it seems that my friend can't make it to london due to work issues we hoped we could at least see it at our home together. so still waiting for official news from zach and/or coco.
on vacation in finland and was geoblocked. *sad face*
geoblocking? what the heck... i can't remember that you had any problems taking money from outside the us. Ô_o to be honest, i feel cheated.
i have heard back from vhx with the following: hi , this isn’t an email address we have on file for the reward. the screening period has also now ended. thanks! --- kathleen barrett vhx customer support i am a little surprised having put $200 in, but i got the reward for 2 of an advance screening in london with t shirts and art work. so i guess i assumed online would be included as that would make sense. is anyone else in the same boat? still proud to be pry of the process. roll on september.
does anyone know when we may get the tshirts + prints in the uk?
am hoping there will be another screening oppertunity as it cut out 1/4 of the way through the movie. started off looking fantastic so hanging out to see how the rest goes.
to the people who missed the screening (like me) due to various reasons, if you look at the $30 reward pledge description it says, "i'll host at least three live online screenings of the film.", so there should be at least a couple more chances to watch yet.
its unfortunate that some people didn't get to see the movie due to the geo-blocking but rather than get angry surely its worth giving zach and the team the benefit of the doubt and the chance to find a solution. the rights issues most likely weren't being handled by the team themselves so maybe they weren't aware or were giving promises that most countries would have had the rights cleared. cross border rights is after all a minefield with different distributors and rights holders in each country they have generally been really good at resolving problems (i suggest clicking contact me to the right) but its the weekend so getting things sorted will be slower so give then a few days before storming zachs house with pitchforks and fire :)
i still can read in my pledge "movie screening across the world" so why the hell couldn't i watch it? i was not told this, i paid for it, and as i see it this was a scam. i wouldn't have pledged so much if i knew i couldn't see the movie, i'm not exactly wealthy, so please give us an alternative and an explanation. it's frustrating not even knowing if i'll ever get anything for the money (there were not other rewards on that pledge)
watched the movie with my sister, and we loved it. amazing movie, zach.
missed the online screening time window with just a few hours. i had really been looking forward to this. greatly disappointed.. =(
i too had a bit of a crappy experience i must say.  being in the uk, i was unable to watch it friday when it came online and on saturday during the day as i do have to work.  i specially set my alarm for 5:30am this morning so i would be able to see it (6am here in the uk being the last streaming time).  the link didn't work so i contacted vhx and they got me going, but not until 7:33am uk time, i.e. 11:33pm pdt.  adam at vhx failed to tell me that the link would expire nevertheless at 1am pdt (9am bst) and an hour and 15 minutes into the film my link expired.  when enquiring with vhx i was told that "unfortunately we cannot extend the link".  i wish they had told me i wouldn't be able to finish the movie when they got me going an hour and a half late.  i would never have started watching, because watching 1 hours 15 mins and then being left hanging is really crappy.  i'll get over it i guess but right now i feel a bit annoyed and whilst probably nobody give a frack now, it is so disappointing.
can anyone tell me where to see the shipping status of my rewards (tee and art prints)?
i was able to watch the movie, after canceling plans, and the streaming mostly worked, and i did enjoy the movie very much.  however, i am extremely unimpressed by the limited viewing window, the lack of notice, the awkward time vs expected schedules, and also by the extremely insulting, overbearing assumption that we're all going to rip you off and steal the film when we were excited enough by it to help /fund/ it, so overall a negative experience.  and i'm having trouble believing what i'm hearing about the distribution disaster.
we just finished the film and loved it! i had no issues with streaming until about 1 hour and 20 minutes into it. i emailed support and chris from vhx was very helpful. i refreshed the feed a few times and then he gave me an alternative link that was more smooth and we were able to finish it. thank you zach. i'm glad to have been a part of this. next?
i really enjoyed the film and although i see all the comments about being geoblocked i am hopefull there will be a fix. this is all new to people in general. i backed the veronica mars movie which did a digital download through flixster. a lot of people weren't happy with it and it took a few days but they decided to allow fans who didn't download to download with a provider they chose (amazon or itunes mainly) i know people are pissed right now but i'm sure the wiwh crew will figure out a way to make it so all backers can watch it.
wow, the more comments i read on here the worse i feel for having been able to watch the movie.   i feel for those who were denied based on their location.  this is really f'ed up.  wtf,  zach?
i really loved the movie.  great job.  loved the kids, they were great.  i feel really bad for those who had problems watching the screening, that is really messed up.  why the geoblocking?  i enjoyed watching the movie, but coming here and seeing those backers blocked from watching the screening really ruins it a bit.  wtf?
hey guys, i just want to through out, that though there may have been issues with some of us, zach has done a killer job creating informative emails. trying to keep everyone happy and taken care of, and in general going out of his way to keep us in the loop. i am sure he has been insanely busy as producer, director, and main character of this film. i did not expect to get a streaming of it, so i am surprised and thrilled. i honestly wish i had donated more. i just gave because i love this new way of creating movies and wanted to support this process, didn't really expect too much of the film (not meaning to be disrespectful, just saying i was more in it for the idea than the film itself) and have been pleasantly surprised throughout the whole process. loved the emails, love my shirt, loved being able to stream the movie, can't wait to own it. thank, zach, for all your hard work. as someone just starting out in the industry, you have done a great job of letting me know i chose the right one. you and your team have worked insanely hard and created an amazing movie. thanks for letting me be a part of it
so glad i chose to support such an amazing film! it was such a treat to be included in wiwh's construction & to see the final product of everyone's hard earned money & hard work! thank you, zach, for including 46,520 of us! i love our film & can't wait to watch it again next week! :]
a shout out to the vhx costumer support guy i've been dealing with, good job scott. that being said the platform for this screening is a joke i started watching at 8:30pm and now at 12:00am after time outs and lagging and blank screens for 30+ minutes at a time. there is still half an hour to go. worst movie watching experience i have ever had.
i'm one of the people who couldn't watch it and got that lame survey instead. it's odd that this possibility was never mentioned, yet now we're about to get an "alternate reward" which should be "another way to watch the movie"; yet it's never specified. maybe i'm being a pessimist, but i feel that the people involved with this knew what was going to happen, and deliberately misled people in order to fund this. it seems odd that digital distribution was handled like this, when it is one of the biggest headaches for content creators everywhere. the only thing i actually want is to watch the movie now, nothing less. i know there are risks when dealing with kickstarter, but i honestly trusted this one so much and was excited for this, i even cancelled appointments just so i could be home to watch the movie. i am really disappointed.
another masterpiece. i'm so glad i supported this beautiful film. the humanity and spirituality throughout is inspirational. well done zach and all involved.
just watched our movie!! so beautiful and full of heart and soul! so proud to be part of this movie! you are awesome zach!
just finished watching the film. i really enjoyed it. i smiled, laughed, and cried. thanks for making a great movie.
watched the movie last night (in australia), no technical issues. good movie, i felt i got my money's worth. good luck at the box office when it's released.
just thought i'd throw in a supportive message about the customer support.  i watched half the movie last night and intended to finish it tonight but was greeted to a message saying "your session has expired" with no way to watch.  emailed support and had a reply in minutes with a new link.  thanks for the quick response.
sorry to hear about the problems across the pond. watched last night using apple tv and airplay, worked great. loved the movie, a fitting "sequel" to garden state. mandy p. was brilliant, a very powerful performance. thanks zach and crew!
zach, the movie is awesome! funny, sad, poignant, and moving. i hope you win best picture. you deserve it!!! thank you for the opportunity to see it now. i am so glad i backed this great movie.
so disappointing after such a long wait to have such a short window and to miss seeing it. i probably would have been geo blocked anyway.
have any other vinyl backers receive everything but the vinyl or am i the only one?
wish i was here.. more like wish i was over there. you know like, in the right geographical location in order to view a digital stream of bits n bytes over a global communications network not commonly associated with arbitrary landmass divisions. 11/10 would fund again.
really bummed that the time frame to watch was so small. didn't get time/won't have time to watch. feel kinda gypped.
i've just finished watching the film in the uk and i had no issues. it started and played with ease. zach, adam and the rest of the people behind the scenes, you made a wonderful film that i can relate to in so many ways. i've laughed, cried and thoroughly enjoyed myself. i feel so happy that i could be part of this amazing experience. the journey you took us all on helped me through a very dark time in my life and has rekindle the fire inside me to be a film maker. for this i thank you.
ops *so and *were
in places where there are 2 screenings back to back (i.e. new york) is there a q&a after each screening or only after the later screening?
se, all of us, the people that where geoblocked not only we have no screening, no updates, no apologizes, no serious communication and on the top of all spoilers from amazing people that saw the movie am came to share! \o/ thank you all involved for this so not-pleasant experience
costa rica geoblocked too... this is a real shame. i can't believe the wiwh team didn't take this in consideration, especially because all the fuzz about this being a world wide supported project. i'm looking forward for real solution really soon.
geo blocked as well as just a busy weekend where i don't have the time to watch a movie, shame. i was hoping to get at least some flexibility in the arrangement
short time frame & geo blocked. what a waste of money.
backer’s thank you screening// a first of its kind live group movie screening across the world.  the world meaning the usa and maybe canada.  thanks for geoblocking.
it is really a shame. for changing the rules, but even worse for not informing in advance. letting people plan to watch the movie and let them face such a disappointment.  i am very sorry to write that, but you do not deserve the trust and respect your backers put in your project.  can you tell me how does the refund work ?
are those american backers who couldn't watch also eligible for the alternative package? i can't cancel a vacation in july when we were given such short notice and an even shorter window to watch it in, especially when we were expecting it to be fulfilled in september
wonder how long it takes all the non usa backers to start giving the move a 1 rating on imdb :(  can't beleive they've not even had an update to say sorry or anything!
did anyone who managed to watch it do so via a chromecast. i get no cast icon on my player bar and tab casting is laggy
couldn't be more disappointed by the way you guys handled all of this...
geoblocking? why then did we pay to support this movie, if you can't even take the decision to screen it for everyone equally? boggles the mind. saw the movie anyway from over here in barcelona, using a vpn. boy, you weren't kidding that this was a personal movie. i wish i could make a movie about me struggling with everyday problems, me enjoying myself with the kids, with total disregard for the paying audience. could be that it's really about your life, we sympathize with that. but other than being original by not caring about creating a good story, the movie was completely 'meh' - i just watched the kickstarter video again and that was way more interesting. i feel cheated in a way - it was a movie for you more than a movie for us. hope you enjoyed it!
agree with ricardo can we get some of ali carter's comment removed please? we don't want it to be ruined for others. thanks
i think it goes without saying, but please guys, do not talk about specific scenes in the movie. thanks ;)
really disappointed by the geoblocking. that's all i can really say :(
geoblocking, really? in this age, are we still living in the stone-age ? i demand my money back, i was not given the reward i selected. also please set up a faq with all disturbers and for what countries. so that we can ignore everything they import in the future.
just watched my screening treat - i'm in north wales, uk and no technical issues whatsoever.  zach and team, you've made a beautiful little film full of love and family values delivered by some fine acting. i laughed and cried in equal measures. for those of us who lost our fathers when we were in our thirties, and were then presented with what seemed like a relentless stream of life's shit, this film really hits those feels.  plus the elderly rabbi riding a segway into a wall, just hilarious.  i'm so chuffed i took part in the fundraising for this project. having worked for 4 years to get an indie feature into production i know how hard it is. well done to everyone who participated. brilliant job. oh and the soundtrack is wicked.  thank you. xx
looks like the rewards thing are going quite badly so far... i'm in uk so i can watch the movie, but i'm still waiting for my tee and the frames. i support you guys who can't watch the movie an haven't any explanation jet, or an warning a bit earlier, this issues should be communicated since the first day of they be noticed with the distributors. i hope some one start to say something about the geoblock and our other rewards in europe.
i am a little confused i paid for the advance screening for london of the film for two. meaning no less than $200, however it seems i do not get to have the online screening as well? can someone can confirm if this is correct or not please? also i am slightly concerned after filling in my reward survey i didn't get any confirmation email. did anyone else get one? thanks :)
i used the hola plugin for chrome. had one issue but was fixed with one min... fast.. but still very badly handled that we needed to do all this workaround. ohh yeah.. lovely movie:)
watched movie last night. great movie really depressing.  glad to be part of this project.
yeah, this was fun. i was really excited to watch this movie. loaded up with drinks and food, clicked the link and got geoblocked. good times..
it would have been absolutely not that big problem if someone had told us upfront that you can't view the screening from european countries but i've waited so long until this moment just to get another dissapointing "you're geoblocked"-message...
hi! i live in the us but am in the middle east for summer vacation and was also geoblocked. i put my american address in the survey for the alternate reward. does that mean i will still get it even though i live in the us? i am in the middle east for the whole summer and thus missed the streaming time frame since i'm geoblocked here. just wanted to clarify! thank you.
@christina: the adress is valid, i got this answer: hi jonas, i feel you, it's a real bummer. per the wish i was here team, please fill out this survey with your name, address and the email you used to back the project so they can be in touch about your alternate reward. apologies again --- vhx customer support support@vhx.tv
oh yeah, and this address: support@vhx.tv - doesn't work it seems, at least i'm not getting a reply.
and just so we're clear, most of us didn't back just to get the reward (like some oblivious person said). we backed this because we loved garden state/zach braff, we wanted to support his next film, we wanted it to be faithful to his vision, we wanted to take part in the journey to get it made, we wanted it to be amazing. that's what it was all about. 30$ is not the price of a movie streaming. just for comparison's sake, i paid 5$ to stream the latest movie written by joss whedon on vimeo (for a 24h period). what got us all so disappointed was that we looked forward to this for so long, we talked about the movie, we dreamt about the final product and we wanted to see it first. because we were promised that and because, honestly, we deserved that.  kickstarter never was and never will be about getting money, it's about being a part of something you love.
@dominik hauser yes i did that reply: hi christina, we're so sorry we can't screen for you today. we had been working very hard to make this work and tried until the last possible moment. please fill out the survey at the link below with your name, address and the email you used to back the project, so we can be in touch about your alternate reward. if you would rather have a refund i will provide it through paypal. https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/w2bqdqt thanks so much for your patience and support, coco
have you already used the "contact me" button on the right? i don't think zach is reading the comments from the old world.
just finished watching and it really was fantastic. other than a freeze issue at the start which i fixed by jumping forward and then back to the start the film worked as expected. watched it in the uk so no issues with the location problems other than the £12.72 excess i had to pay due to the t-shirt being wrongly priced.
i can only agree with all the europeans that have already posted: disappointed. big time!
geoblocking? without saying a single word? bad taste! really bad taste! if i don't get the screening, i'm done with this movie and won't watch it in the cinema as well. you ruined it.
and the worst thing is reading all these comments about how great the movie is. have some respect for your european brothers and sisters, people! let us suffer in silence and humiliate us no more! the old continent will rise once again :p
it says to be respectful and considerate, that should go both ways. for all the lovey-dovey bs zach has sent in every mail about how much he loves us, this shows how much he really cares about his backers. like everybody else, i’m not that dissapointed that i don’t get to see it, it is the complete lack of communication about it. zach has had a year to tell the non-us backers that we won’t be able to see the movie and he didn’t. he has sent us mails for the last two months that we would be able to see it. now we’re here and not only do we not get to see it, but for a lot of us this is also an evening wasted.
@patrick odelstorp if communicated beforehand that definitely is a way how to see it. i surely would have backed without getting a reward. but how things are going right now is really disappointing. it is just a problem of communication, which easily could be solved! we're all just waiting for an official statement.
seems like every person, the only reason for backing the movie was because of the reward and nothing else. shure i'm little down that i don't get see the movie right now, but hey the movie is made the most important thing, so you can see it later when available.
okay at least i am not the only one. i was really excited to see the movie and i can't express how this whole geoblocking thing pisses me off right now.  there i fixed it for you: "a first of its kind live group movie screening across the non-european-world."
i could have used a vpn but i never got a link just the survey. i was 100% behind the movie and now i'm like every other european backer disappointed.i hope they will make it up. but first of all i want to see the movie, because i still think its a good movie and that i can show my wife that i did not spend my money and my passion for nothing.
i live in stockholm, sweden – now you guys tell me the online screener is geoblocked and not available to me? so disappointing. how could you not inform all backers about this earlier? i seem to be far from the only one thinking this is very poorly handled. you can keep my money but please don't bother with the "special" rewards.
i am really disappointed .. not only because i'm geoblocked, but mostly because of the missing comunication. first, i taught, that the survey mail would be some kind of joke or fake, because it was send by a gmail account (that doesn't look professional; at this point i didn't fill out the survey, because i'm waiting for a real official statement...). also, i really want to know, what the "special reward" is ... i hope for some kind of free cinema tickets, because i really don't want to spend 20 bucks for cinema tickets for a movie, which i already spent 50$ to get a online screening (and tshirt), which i cant take part in, because i have a "wrong" ip address ... also, i always thought, that the point of  kickstartering this movie would be, that the creators would have full control over their movie. obviously they have not (i guess, that the local distributors weren't to happy about a online screening). this all would not have been so dramatically, if someone has warned us before. i planned my whole week for this...
i am not sure if i missed the notice on here, or if you failed to tell german (and whichever countries might be affected) backers that they will not be able to view the movie stream? i even cancelled an appointment just to watch it - just to be greeted by a big "no no, not in your country"-sign. i completed the survey and everything, but really, i would have appreciated knowing it would not work in advance *sigh* i am very disappointed. i wanted a screening, not some other "special reward"!
i also did only receive the survey email an no link email. and i also haven't received the physicall rewards jet.
just finished seeing the streaming of the movie. was better then my highest expectations, loved every moment of it.
i never got an email with the online streaming link, only the weird looking survey email
i paid for my rewards on may 27 and they are still showing as not shipped! anyone else in the same situation? anyone else regret ever backing? pretty worried i threw money down the drain :(
i'm sorry to hear that it hasn't been working for others, as i'm sorry they haven't been able to see the beautiful thing this kickstarted is.   just finished watching.  the perfect way to start the day.  just what i needed. thanks for all the different ways to get this movie out there to the backers.
i am so disappointed. i had chosen a lower tier if i knew that the online screening won't work. i know that geoblocking is a problem for non-us people, but as your communication seemed to be very good, i thought that that's already sorted out as there was no mention about it.
i also never received an email from vhx
so.. you owe me $30. and an apology. and a way to watch the movie. so so so disappointed with this.
bittersweet, heartfelt, funny and oh so deep.  i loved this movie!
just finished the online viewing. so many feels. so many tears. loved every minute of it!
at least i am not alone in being angry, disappointed and disillusioned about the "special reward" i *might* receive instead of the promised online screening this weekend... but couldn't you guys at least warn us about geoblocking? the way this was handled is simply unacceptable.
loved it. all the more poignant as my dad passed away a month ago while i was overseas.
@ kelly white - 400 backers, including me, paid for our names to be on a wall in the movie, but it appears that this wall didn't make the cut (it's possible i missed it).  i guess our names made the credits. from someone who lives in south korea, i fortunately received an email and used a vpn to watch the movie.  it worked just fine and i was able to enjoy the movie.  obviously, that won't help those of you didn't get an email.  so, sorry for you guys.
many seemed to get link to the movie but was geoblocked, i didn't even get a link, only the survey.
sorry, right url : http://us.ufreevpn.com
everyone who's geoblocked, here's a gift : http://us.freevpn.com
sorry for the people who had trouble or were blocked, i also believe they will address it. my experience was almost surreal. zach and team you have made a wonderful, heartfelt movie. i laughed, i cried. it was emotional yet so real. i want to see it again, sound track, fab. acting was amazing, all were great but mandy patinkin's performance was just outstanding. way to go zach, cast, crew, all. i will never forget this entire experience. thank you.
you had 46520 supporters of this project, and probably left out 10000-30000 with geoblocking. isn't this like taking a chance on marketing, having your most loyal supporters turn their back on you and say how bad this movie is. not because it is bad, but because they feeling fooled by you. people taking time off work, holiday, and travels for a day you knew they wouldn't be able to watch the movie. in my country that is called an (insert a bad word). refund now please?
the movie was fantastic and very moving, and the quality of the streaming was exceptional (i'm in texas). also received my merchandise very quickly, and my wife immediately appropriated my tshirt! very disappointed to hear about the european issues, but take heart; you guys should know that zach and company will make things right. this has actually been one of the best-run ks projects i've been involved in (and i've backed a lot). relax the negative comments a bit and give the a chance to fix things. positive thoughts, guys.
what a bum. teasing the screening, geoblocking and not even any communication - not in advance nor now. loved it until now, but this really is a disappointment. hope you find a way to show us the movie as we all are a part of it and eager to see the result.
$40 value on the t-shirt?  never mind the so-so quality of it, way to slap non-us folks with additional customs charges.  but well, it's gone now.  hopefully will be able to find time to stream the movie in the very narrow window that's been given (but doubt it).
you know what would have been awesome? not saying "watch the movie!!" and leaving out the part about being geoblocked.. that was disappointing.
loved the film. thanks for the screening.
can anyone advise if the people who paid 100 dollars for the premieres in different cities also get the online screening today. i never got an email from vhx.
so i gave 30$ just to be geoblocked...awesome
so yeah... this sucks. sincerely everybody from europe.
i am still waiting for the email. hope there will be another screening for those of us who miss this thank you screening because no one sent us the freaking email.
loved it!!!
"so fast... try to remember how fast it goes." an amazing quote from an amazing movie.
@luann vodder i had the same, but if you search for "wish i was here" on that website, you can still find the right page. i think the content moved to a different url.
international copyright law being the huge mess it is, i can somewhat understand that you choose to use geoblocking (despite the claimed anti-piracy measure). what i cannot understand is the fact that you choose not to tell backers from switzerland (or apparently *entire europe*) about the blocking in advance. i really hope that there will be an alternative stream for us some time in the near future..
so the 400 or so names they included at the end of the credits...how did they decide who to include? there are 46,000 of us. it was kind of a sour note to end an otherwise great experience - looking for my name and not seeing it.
a geoblock. what the f***.  what idiot decided that? this will be the last time i ever support a movie on kickstarter.
no backer screening in germany? :-(
unfortunately, it was the same for me. i was "welcomed" by a geoblocked this morning... i hope we'll be able to watch the movie in one way or another.
got this tweet from vhx: https://twitter.com/vhxtv/status/487868966992224256 appearently its not their fault. but a requirement from the owners of the film.
am very disappointed - am geoblocked too. you should have mentioned this somewhere before. and what does "alternate reward" mean?
oh. my. word! so very glad to be a part of this, if only in my small way. i am still crying and laughing and thankful for both zach and adam and all the rest who made this happen. very well done. bravo!
why is there no backend for the backers anymore on the website of the movie? all the links i got e.g. about production of the movie and the personalised "thank you" from zach all end on a site where the swear jar loads and the shins sing. i liked to see some of them every once in a while... (i am also geoblocked and sad not beeing able to see the movie)
i'm proud to be a backer of this outstanding movie, but right now i'm really disappointed. like (probably) all the europeans i didn't receive any streaming link, only a survey to fill.. well, at least i didn't choose to stay up until 2am to watch the movie. also, the soundtrack doesn't seem to work for me and i've been waiting my t-shirt for almost 2 months now. i know this is not your fault (entirely), but you really could have figured this out in a better way. :)
very, very awesome. thank you for the opportunity to experience all of it... rob, seattle
as many other europeans (i'm in sweden) i', dissapointed that they found out about the geoblock the same day it was supposed to be shown ... sounds like vhx really dropped the ball. of course they should know a long time ahead that they do not work in europe ...  reading the positive "reviews" from those backers who could see it makes me want to see it even more. sounds like the movie is great.
very disappointed in how the online screening was handled (i'm in luxembourg): first the screenings get shoved into one single day, an then they forget about half of europe. this isn't a "a first of its kind live group movie screening across the world.", this is the same old geoblocking disappointment as always.
wish i was here -> wish it worked here @ austria, europe
wish i was in a country that's not geoblocked :'(((
wish i was here and could say i have been able to watch the movie in austria ...
streaming worked great for me. awesome movie! i did not notice the writing on the walls for the 400 backers. was it included?
so, the streaming thing is a disaster.  the first time, the movie kept freezing at 12:30.  once that was solved, the mouths were not synced with the sound.  now it freezes about every 15 seconds.  the online help people did respond to e-mails, and did send me a new (third) link to try again, but i did not want to start the movie over for a third time (conveniently, the voice thing crapped out about a half hour into it.  it looks like it might be a good movie.  let me know how it ends. i'm going to bed.  oh,and by the way, i still haven't received my other stuff, even though i ordered it over 2 months ago.  i sent an e-mail to the fulfillment company yesterday, but still haven't heard anything back.  nice job, zach.  the  limousines did a much better job, and they are just 2 guys who had to do all the work themselves.
so to sum it up: they forgot about europe. great. best experience ever, if you wanted to waste your time and your money.
geoblocked. austria, europe. checked my email this morning to start watching. got that other email instead...  http://www.nooooooooooooooo.com/
thank you for the incredible experience, from beginning to end it's been magical to watch the process unfold. we just finished watching and have to say we all loved every minute of it-not that i'm surprised! the writing was brilliant with many of the subtle braffism's that i came to love so much in garden state. you were so excited about your casting and now i can see why, everyone, from the youngest to oldest did an amazing job, especially the young actress playing your daughter, she's so talented! i can't wait to see it again!  congrats on a job well done... i hope we don't have to wait ten long years for your next endeavor!
i had no problems at all in viewing the online backers screening this evening. i truly enjoyed every second of it. the movie is beautiful and heartfelt. i am very glad i got to be a part of it. thanks for making such a great story. so many moments in it were things that i could identify with on a personal level. everyone in it was fantastic.
i'll be watching it this evening at about 8pm uk time. has any body had problems watching it here in the uk?
while the advance online screening was a great idea, it was poorly executed. i had nothing but issues making the video play longer than 5-10 mins at a time. also, there were a few moments in the movie where the sound would change pitch and drop almost like super slow-no. lastly, with all the issues of playback, i didn't even get to finish the movie before my link expired and i could no longer play said movie. seems like a movie i would love but couldn't get into it long enough to really enjoy.
very disappointing, i'm from austria and never received an email from vhx.tv, the only thing i got is a suspicious looking email from wiwhscreenings@gmail.com with a link to a survey.  is this thing official? when will we get to see the movie?
i'm in western australia and just finished the movie. fantastic. so different - lots of emotions going on.  mandy was amazing....
embarrassing international failure for the "backer's screening". i'm disappointed and even feel a little used, my enthusiasm and support for zach and his team is diminished. buzz kill.
beautiful.  thank you to everyone that made this film possible. sappy to say but, this was maybe the 3rd movie i've ever cried during (and i think i cried 3 separate times).  fantastic soundtrack, acting, and i loved the wisdom embedded in the dialogue. on a logistical note, the streaming worked great.
i am  geoblocked! i'm really disappointed.
after contacting support and refreshing my browser, i finished watching the whole movie without issue.  it's surprising that with being in the know, i still was very much was moved by the film.  it was very good and touching and made me happy to be a small part of it.
i got the link to the online screening, and couldn't watch it longer than five minutes.  i closed the browser tab for the video and don't plan on watching the film until it's on netflix, amazon or similar.  why?  the video had two large watermarks emblazoned across the top of the video the whole time.  that's just stupid and ruins the experience of watching it for me.  too many shots had a strong contrast with the watermark, and it kept drawing attention to itself.  all i could notice on a number of shots was the stinking watermarks. i'm assuming this is done because the backers can't be trusted to just watch the film, and the producers/distributors are afraid that one of the backers watching might make a copy.  so, to address this, they make the film annoying to watch for everyone.  so great job on that guys.  anyway, i'll wait to watch it on netflix or something similar, during which it won't have the watermark, even though it would still be just as easy to copy.  very very dissappointed.
glad to see that many people were able to enjoy the film. but it's really not the case for everyone. i'm upset about everything regarding this streaming: at least three screenings across the world were promised in the reward (we only get one), these were supposed to be in september, less than two weeks advance notice for a streaming date a friday/saturday in july and, on top of it, my location is geoblocked (not my definition of across the world). i really hope these issues will be resolved, because right now, i can't say that the reward i pledged for was delivered. i'll try to remain hopeful, but *sigh*...
really enjoyed the movie this evening.  mission accomplished. you made my wife cry. :)  congratulations and wishing you and the film much success!
well done zach (and everyone else, of course)!  everyone involved in this film did an incredible job!  performances, script, music, mood, direction, production, costume/wardrobe; just everything, all of it is supremely superb!  right up there with garden state (still my favorite film and soundtrack, nothing will ever surpass that piece of art sent from the gods).  this endeavor was worth every cent i backed with, more even.  i can't wait 'til your next project zach!  you keep doing great things like this, which, of course, i'd expect nothing less, then i'll keep shelling out the money.  thank you everyone involved in the making of this very moving, amazing, smart, and passionate film!  thank you backers for having the respect and belief in projects like these, as i do!  thank you zach for everything that you do and for letting us be a part of this, and for never settling for mediocrity!  i can't say enough good things about this whole experience, this film, everyone involved, and all of your work from the past, to now, and for many years to come!  awesome film!!
really enjoyed the movie!!!  fantastic job all around.  thanks so much! really proud to have supported this.
just finish watching the movie i love it. the film was beautiful, funny, and heartwarming. zach braff if ever deiced to make another film i would happy to donate money to your next film project.
the movie is great from what i've been able to see. unfortunately near the ending it just stops playing. the streaming service isn't that good, but the movie from what i've seen is fantastic. let us know when you make another and we'll be there...
what a great movie, so happy to have been part of this, looking forward to seeing it at the cinema then having it sat next to garden state in my collection, can't wait for the next film :-d
just finished watching it. great movie man. congratulations for putting it all together.
i've tried clicking the soundtrack link to stream the music, but i get an error page on the ew site. has it been taken down already?
awesome!!!!!! so excellent :-)  very proud to be a backer of this fine work of art. thanks for making this amazing movie, zach!
what a wonderful, funny and moving film. i thank you and all the cast and crew. you met and exceeded all my hopes and expectations for this film and i hope you know how special this movie is. there are very few films that can bring me to tears let alone those that can make me laugh out loud too. well done to all of you. i am so happy that i could be a part, albeit a very small part, but something i know will always be very special to me. marvellous x
simply amazing. i loved it. thank you all who made this move and thank you all who have backed it with me. i loved it. definitely was a movie about life, and boy did i cry. simply amazing. most importantly, thank you zach, you're a genius.
thank you, the movie was awesome.
thank you zb. it is perfect
geoblocked, too :( waiting for the screening since i backed, this is a serious bummer. anything less than a physical copy as a substitute is a joke (imho)...
another geoblocked backer here. disappointed. you guys dropped the ball there. :(
just watched it, very well done. happy i backed
amazing.
the screening worked really well - nice movie.  i was reminded of what happened with my father a few years ago.
i think this is the time they offer us a zach visit for each and one of us that got geoblocked, for a 'i'm sorry" hug and private screening... with popcorn!
now it si official by the support: my country - austria - is on the blocking list and i will never receive an e-mail for any screening. have to fill out a form to get an alternate reward. really pissed off that i stayed up 3 and a half hour to be told i can not watch! this should have been stated out when the event was announced! waiting over for 3hours in the middle of the night for nothing all i have left is less sleep and a angry mood!
well but i still need an e-mail i have not received yet so the discussion about vpn is at the moment lapsed.
@sabine, its a temporary fix, really is odd  they didn't acknowledge possible issues for international backers.
it should be available for all that have paid for without using tricks and it is hard to find a good one where you can stream things without lack of quality because a vpn you don't pay for is always slow and i am not willing to buy anything to watch this i already paid for!
@sabine one might say you could use a vpn, not me though.
my e-mail just arrived, about an hour and five minutes after 5pm pst.
@brian: support said all have been sent out but some cou tries don't have access to it so he was asking where i am from. still waiting if i can access but that is a real disaster! they can't announce a sreening event where backers can not access though they paid for it!
@sabine they may be doing it in batches to conserve us giving the servers a hug of death. add support@vhx.tv to your contacts if you're afraid of it going to spam.
never got an email from vhx in either my inbox or spam folder.
oh and a 24 hour time frame would be great for the next screenimng so backers around the world can watch the movie at normal times and not in the middle of the night!
@brian: well ii would klick on a link if i have gotten that e-mail from vhx but no e-mail yet. support said they have sent out all e-mails to backers but i still have no e-mail - checking inbox ansd spam folder every minute. really disappointed and will go to bed, complain to coco tomorrow because now it is almost 3 a.m. and don't want to get more and more frustrated about this really bad planned screening.
this is kind of ridiculous, i'm in chicago and they're telling me i'm getting geoblocked.
links at the bottom of the vhx email, where it says 'start watching now'
all i got was an automated email from vhx. no bueno
the organisation of this event is pretty lame. would have been better to send out the e-mails an hour in advance so everyone can start when they like. still no e-mail neither in my inbox nor in the spam folder. now reading about geoblocking is not helpful... in an e-mail they said there will be two more screenings. i hope they will fixed all the problems then... really disappointed!
e-mail customer service over at vhx.tv where the screening is being hosted, they confirmed that i've been geoblocked "per the wish i was here team". so be prepared, you may think you've paid for an online viewing, but you won't get it.
the geoblocking seems to be for most of europe. seriously, a pretty good way to piss people off is to have them clear their weekend to watch a movie in a 28 hour time slot, only to find out that you can't watch it from certain countries. why no advance notice? and you do know that not delivering pledge rewards is against the kickstarter tos, right? now, what's the "special reward" that you're planning to bring out to rectify this situation?
according to the time schedule the event should have started 18 minutes ago but still no e-mail. can't stay up all night waiting for an e-mail (it's 2 a.m. here)...
got the e-mail, told i'm geoblocked. that's not a very nice start to this whole ordeal, now is it?
scrap that just came thru
in uk no email for me yet :(
i've got the email but apparently can't watch it?! it's 1am in the morning and i've been waiting to see it! why can't i watch it in the uk yet?!
yeah no email yet, lets just be patient. hopefully it is soon!
i've not received my email yet - nothing in spam folder.
i'm very frustrated with the extremely narrow window to watch the backer screening, i can't change my entire life around on such short notice and won't be able to see it. seems like there shojld have been at least a 48 hour window for people who make plans with their summer weekends
i'm very frustrated with the extremely narrow window to watch the backer screening, i can't change my entire life around on such short notice and won't be able to see it. seems like there shojld have been at least a 48 hour window for people who make plans with their summer weekends
a project email update with more details has just been send out. everyone, check your inbox! :)
i'm just leaving a comment because i'm so lost too. email says over an entire day but the dates listed above in the email is set for a specific time. also, at that specific time, how do we watch it?
wearing my new t-shirt and also glad to see i'm not the only one hoping i didn't some how miss the details on how to watch tonight's preview thank you screening! here's to waiting excitedly! :)
glad to see i'm not only one who didn't get the additional info on screening tonight online.  first screening is scheduled for 4 hours from now so hopefully we hear soon. got my merch in mail last week.
guys chillllll, clearly we'll hear about the backers screening when it's time to hear about the backers screening.
i have't received any info on how to watch the online screenings, even though mine includes it. :(
heya ny premiere peeps... i'm coming in solo on my birthday from jersey... anyone want to get together for drinks/preshow nibbles/show me some of ny?? message me! alishaakins2@gmail.com
think they may release viewing info last minute to reduce it being shared around or pirated etc
i have not received any more info on how to watch tonight's online backers screening other than the email we got last week. what website do i go to watch it? how do i watch the show? is there a pass code?
couple of things. a. i received an email my rewards were shipping a few days ago, i'm in the midwest so anyone in the area who hasn't gotten them yet probably will soon. b. anyone have any idea what we're supposed to do for the backers screening tonight? starts in about 7 hours...
i was wondering the same thing about the backer screening! wanted to make sure i'm not the only one who pledged the online screening level but hadn't received any other info...keeping my eyes peeled for an email!
my reward level was for the advanced screening for 2 in la, so i had received info on how to claim tshirts & art prints for 2, which i did.  i live in kc, & i received 1/2 of my order yesterday (1 tshirt & 1 set of art prints).  does anyone know if krm is mailing stuff out separately, i.e. by tshirt size?  i'm anxious to get the rest of my order!  by the by...zb was correct, as the tshirt is indeed taintily soft!  ;)
you're not the only one. i haven't received an email yet either. i reckon zach will send out something as soon as they're ready for us to bombard there servers. can not wait!!!
when is the faq email regarding the online screening going to be sent out? the first email provided no information on how to watch it other than the dates.
the online screening starts in a couple of hours, but i didn't receive any further informations .. am i the only one?
nyc!!!! anyone giving up a ticket cause they can't go? my friend is in need of a ticket. please message me if you have an extra!
@stormyhearted i can actually use your ticket. i have no way of contacting you, though...
i know it's been asked, but i didn't see a reply. do the backers who went to the meet and greet showings also get to join the online screening this weekend?
i didn't think we were supposed to get the vinyl yet, but i just received an email stating that the package i received already was sent. in that it stated i should have received my vinyl. is this true? just curious to make sure fedex didn't lose something. thanks.
i've got a nyc ticket i can't use, anyone still looking?
coco, zach, et al., it's been a couple of months since i filled out my survey.  i still haven't received my items.  is there a shipping update?
hello coco, zach and the time of wiwh! i know is a bt late, but i never received my rewards surveys, i was in finals week (not checking my emails much) and then straight to vacation, just got back and saw the first email... also i'm having a bunch of problems with the links you send me, like sound tracks links or even for the website...sometimes it works and i have access and sometimes there's an error... it is still possible for me  to have my physical rewards?  thank you in advance, have a great day!
there's a huge hole in the seam of one of the sleeves of my shirt. how do i get one that isn't broken on arrival?
my order ship out today i can wait to get my rewards.
not sure who is still checking the comments section here- but thought i'd reach out and see if anyone who funded and has access to the screening is in the seattle area. i am so excited to watch it this weekend through that link, i thought i'd see if anyone wants to watch it together? have our own premier party! woo hoo.
kristi dake, you still giving away your nyc ticket? i need an extra!
i got my stills, tshirt and chair back yesterday! i was so excited! now, where can i buy a chair to put my chair back on?
i emailed both the kickstarter project using contact me and kings road merch directly and its amazing how different the quality of responces are. the team zach has handling the kickstarter were quick to respond and were able to offer a solution that was acceptable. krm took much longer and there was a blunt reply stating its not their fault and they won't do anything to resolve it. infact it was borderline rude. this despite the fact we didn't buy these items, they are promotional items so are exempt from duty and the fact even if duty was due we paid enough extra to cover any extra postage costs and duty
@andy ledder just be thankful its royal mail that's delivering it as their handling fee is one of the lowest of the couriers
i have also had a royal mail card through today asking for £12.72. although in kings road merch faqs, it says customs charges are out of their hands, it does sting a bit after already paying $10 for international shipping. "£8 handling fee" for the royal mail is the best bit. god bless privatisation.
also being charged an extra extra £12.72 to receive my shirt. not happy, already paid more than the us for it.
yep, it's very disappointing that they put on the whole $40 pledge value as the tshirt wasn't what i pledged $40 for (which was the $30 online screening) but a bonus that i pledged an extra $10 to get. will cost over $20 to get the post office to release it now because of the error.
hi received my t-shirt today but had to pay £12.75 at the post office to get it released! as it had a value of $40 on it, customs charged me vat and then the post office charged a handling fee for that also :(
received my shirt today (in australia), came in exactly two weeks after receiving the email from kings road merch. shirt feels really nice.
i mean rewards* aka the prints and shirts
anyone in austin get their awards as of yet?
received my shirt and art prints! the xl shirt i ordered, though, fits like a small. tag reads xl, definitely not xl size. i actually wear only l, but figured they'd run a little small so i ordered a size larger. i just didn't think they'd run this small. i can't wear it…
should we have gotten our t-shirts, etc? i haven't gotten mine yet.
i got a reply via the contact me button on the right about the customs charges stating its being looked into. if you haven't already i suggest everyone else sends an email via it just so they have an idea of how many people this has impacted
so many of us are not getting updates on our rewards and no response from kings road. this is starting to feel like a scam.
i am surprised that we got charges on the tshirt (my card arrived today) as i believe kingsroad also dealt with the veronica mars shipping and i didn't get any charges for either of the larger shipment (t-shirt, poster and badge for 1, dvd and bluray for 2).
i've just got a card wanting another £12.72 or $21.78 too. this is so not on. it's almost half what i've already paid. i might understand it more if i was charged the same as a us backer at $40 but i paid $10 more for it. so annoyed.
i similarly got a card wanting anothe £12.72 to get my tshirt.
similarly, if anyone wants to buy my london screening tickets, i might be able to to then buy some paris screening tickets. email me as per comment below!
anyone with paris screening tix want to swap them for london screening tix? we can't attend the london date but could attend the paris date. love to hear from anyone who could help!  leahjtyrrell@gmail.com
reward shirts and prints??? any idea when?
reward shirts and prints??? any idea when?
jane phillips kingsroadmerch were rude to me as well! very unprofessional. i too haven't received my shirts or other rewards.
it's nearly been two months since i ordered my shirts and postings.
is there any suggested dress for the screening in nyc?  i know, silly question, but i'm curious.
anyone want my nyc ticket?
i also got a card wanting £12.72 customs charge to receive the t-shirt. i've sent an email to both the project and to kingsroadmerch so hopefully a reasonable response will be received but a mistake like not marking the items as promotional items so they don't get custom charges is just amateurish and not really acceptable
so i just got a bill for £12.72 in order to receive my t-shirt from the postal service. wish i never bothered!
i have 2 paris screening tickets with q&a and can't attend. send me an email noeliaollvid@hotmail.com if you are interested!
just received my rewards, but i got the wrong shirt size and no vinyl. i've emailed kingsroad merch already but i have not received a response. excited for movie though!
still waiting on my rewards. any info on when theyll ship would be good.
from austin, i have not received them either
what's the deal with the online screening ($30 backer)?  i'm super stoked to see this movie, and would really like to know how the online screening is going to work, as i haven't seen any dates, instructions, or updates pertaining to this reward.  i've looked through all the updates, and can't seem to find any specific information.  please help!
i too have not received my t-shirts. what's the holdup? getting kind of irritated.
i've gotten nothing but very rude emails from kings road merch when i inquired about my rewards.  i filled out my survey the first hour it went out and my order still says "shipping soon".  think they could have picked a better vendor to represent them.
if someone wants to switch my london screening with berlin, i would be glad to do it! just message me!
i'm in ottawa and my order still says "not shipped", haven't received any prints either.
hey i'm from toronto as well and never recieved my t-shirt or prints as well.
i'm in toronto and haven't received my tshirt yet.  has anyone else in to?
i thought tshirts and prints were going out by the end of may. it's now the end of june. any idea when???
i am so disappointed about the french title : "le rôle de ma vie". don't trust those who tell you that french can't understand an english title. "le rôle de ma vie" sound so cheap. it sounds like a bad 80s tv drama. please, if you read this comment, i encourage you to choose the original title. at least i hope you will remember my comment for next movies. french are not stupid they easily understand english. ;-)
hey stine, i recieved an email from kings road merch a few days ago, stating my "order had been shipped" (the line up t-shirt)... living in denmark. so shouldn't be long untill you recieve your reward either :)
hi. anyone heard anything about the t-shirt rewards? i haven't received mine yet or heard anything a part from the survey, which is now nearly 2 months back. i live in europe. might that be the reason?
hi, i live in paris, france and, there's a screening 8/4/2014, i saw "you'll also get an invite to our backer's thank you screening" when/where can i get my invitation ?
just got back from the la premiere/after party. it was almost as much fun as pounding my favorite flavor of tang. my pants off to everyone who helped make it run so well, and there are undoubtedly several people responsible. from parking to picking up tickets, to finding seats and rubbing elbows with stars, it was all easier than a furry at comic-con. it would not have surprised me to have been forgotten about once the movie was funded, but the respect and appreciation for the backers was felt and expressed throughout the entire night. for sure, we had the best seats in the house. the cast was ridiculously gracious and humble. from little pierce to big bang parsons and everyone in between. it was quite moving to watch such an intimate story with the very people who helped make it. i will not bore you with a critique of the film or try to compare it to garden state. every movie speaks its own language and hopefully this will be one you understand. as a 30-something husband and father with aging parents, at times, it spoke too clearly. my wife and i were so impressed with miss joey king and the way she handled herself and treated her ever increasing fans. we wish her nothing but the greatest successes in life, but as put together as she is, our wishes would be better spent on more roles for donald faison who was shamefully underutilized. not that you could tell from the way he was supporting the film and availing himself to all the backers and our cameras. in fact, i didn’t see anyone from the film shy away from a photo opportunity. my only regret was not mustering the courage to ask ashley greene. she was simply too stunning to approach with words. it’s clear this project was a labor of love and i’m damn glad the brothers braff allowed me to hang on for the ride.
got my t-shirt and it was indeed soft as a kitten's taint! looking forward to details on backer screenings!
zach! i'm moving in three weeks and would love to get my stuff before i got. what's the eta? hurry...please!
anybody know when the backer online viewing is?
does anyone know when the eta for getting the rewards in the mail is?
hey i've got a ticket to the 5:30pm screening in sf on tuesday that i wont be able to use - send me a message through here if you're interested!
hey! i'm a 50$ backer and a huge fan of every work of zach braff. ;) but, after filling out the survey for getting my t-shirt i started waiting. it was said, that it had been sent at the end of may, so i waited until today, because maybe sending it to europe/austria takes a little bit longer. but now i just wand to ask, whether it should have been in my hands already, or if there have been any problems. yours dominik
hi coco, i'm a backer and a long time zach fan. me and my girlfriend polly met 3 years ago through a mutual love of the garden state soundtrack and got together after an invitation to watch the film itself. with this in mind we owe zach and everyone involved a large vanilla bear hug, and hope all the best for the new film. ps. deniro and shit.. matt and polly
i haven't received my tshirts and prints yet. when are they going out?
i responded to the survey promptly but never received my items. i did the $150 backer that included the autographed dvd, t shirt and pics. what's the deal? when can i expect my items?
does anyone have an extra nyc ticket?
i am wearing my tee-shirt right now.
hello,  i'm part of the la screening backers group and i have been trying to find a way to make it, but due to just getting a new job after being unemployed for most of this year, i won't be able to take the time off to make the screening.  so what i'm wondering if there is anyone interested in taking my spots so that the tickets won't go to waste? -alex
when will i receive my tshirt? i've been waiting for ages now and im bored of waiting. can you please send out my tshirt or just refund me. cheers
hi  i'm starting to panic as i haven't received my survey email and i've contacted support twice but not had a reply and now it's way after the deadline....please help!!! i really don't want to miss out on my reward. thanks
@michelle and @ben, some t-shirts were shipped last week. look for an email from kings road merchandise with your tracking number.
if anyone wants tickets to the la screening and meet and greet i can't go after all... t_t so i listed them on ebay with no reserve so they won't be wasted hopefully.
howdy is there any word on tshirts and prints?
hi there, i recently moved. is there a way to change by shipping address?
have they announced the online viewing party info and date yet?
any idea when the rewards (t-shirts and prints) will go out? it sounded like they were going out by the end of may...
anybody have an austin screening that can't use?? would love to pick it up for the wife and i.
i have the 2 los angeles screening tickets with meet and greet and can't attend. you can send me an email to sebastian.schenk@go-s3.com if you are interested. the tickets for for june 23: chicago screening @ arclight hollywood at 6360 w sunset blvd
i have the 2 chicago screening tickets with meet and greet and can't attend. send me an email to summerstarzeus@yahoo.co.uk if you are interested. it is for june 16: chicago screening @ amc river east thanks
won't be able to use my ticket for the chicago screening next monday the 16th. email afpcrepair at gmail.com if can use the ticket.
anyone have a sf ticket that might want to trade for a la ticket? thought i would be able to make it down to la for the screening, but turns out i can't as i live in the sf area. hoping there is someone in the reverse situation. if so, please message me privately.
perhaps i missed this, but when do we receive tickets for nyc screening?  i assume they'll be emailed, but does anyone know when???
any news on the online thank you screenings?
thanks richard, i was getting nervous i'd missed something
@molly - the digital tickets for the toronto screening were available about a week before the event.
any news on when we'll get the digital tickets for the la screening?
any word about the online screenings?
i was a toronto screening backer and as i have said on twitter and facebook i had the most incredible night. thanks to zach, coco and all the team. you have a beautiful film. so proud to have played a small part.
so are the $100 screening backings for you and a plus one?? i'm confused. either way, i'm stoked for the austin screening. is anyone a san antonio backer from that level that might want to car pool??
i haven't received anything re: my nyc screening. have a missed something?  i hope not!
coco are amazing at answering the questions through the kickstarter email. send her a message through that and you will probably have an answer within 24h. i am still waiting for my second survey since i saw the original survey in my spam folder one day too late for reply :-/ last i heard the second survey was supposed to go out late last week but hasn't gotten it so i just send coco another email. i'm crossing my fingers.
hello there ! any news on the europe trip ? at least dates for start and end ? not even city per city ! just the start & the end, so we can be sure we are in europe when the q&a is happening :) thank you
has anyone received their digital tickets to the nyc screening yet?
has anyone else not heard back from support yet, or is it just me? :(
saw the screening in toronto last night, for those up next - you are in for a treat! question: any chance those of us who backed are able to get a discount on the dvd when it comes out?!!?
john, did you send them a kickstarter message? they have been amazing at responding in a timely manner from here.
major disappointment, i filled out the survey as soon as i received it. got the confirmation email from kings road merch. but i did not get the invite to the toronto screening which was today and was the whole point of funding this movie. not impressed!
see you in toronto tonight!  cant wait!
i have 2 tickets to austin (paradise?!) that i can't use because they gave us the actual dates way too late to book cheaply.  i'd love to trade them for 1 or 2 tickets to chicago, but honestly, i'd just as soon make sure that the money isn't wasted.  email me at seanpurvis at hotmail if you're interested.
@dan gigante its for 2 people. if you got the email he said he needs both your names in full. so i think you are fine.
now i have received a email that i did not respond to the rewards survey, but i did and also got a confirmation from kingsroadmerch. so i will just ignore it, right?
hi. i did not receive my survey since i'm having email issues. what can i do about this? i'm worried i'm overdue on the reward. thank you.
patience, guys :) zach, or someone from his team, just posted that they received over 2000 mails, it just takes some time. i'm waiting for mine, too. our time will come. ;)
haven't received mine either :/
where is my survey?  i've  e-mailed 3 times now.  i have never gotten my survey.  could someone contact me and tell me what is going on, please?
still haven't received my survey, even after emailing :/
anyone have a ticket they can't use for the toronto screening? i backed at that level and it didn't occur to me it was just for 1 ticket! i was planning to come in from buffalo for the day/weekend with my girlfriend and now i'm realizing i only have the one ticket!
i have 2 available tickets for the chicago screening for june 16. unfortunately, i can't make it. email me at agfield328@yahoo.com if interested.
hi all, a reminder that if you have specific questions about your rewards, you can click contact me right on this page and i will answer you within 24 hours max. if you comment here, i don't see it right away and can't help you as fast! surveys - if you have emailed king's road, you will be taken care of despite the deadline. we have about 2000 emails to get through and it's taking some time. many times the problem is solved by searching your email for something from wish_i_was_here@mail.vresp.com. please try that first. only backers who pledged $40 or above will get a survey for physical merch, everything else is delivered digitally. screenings, premieres - if you have questions about these, please click contact me just to the right of this message. king's road will not be able to answer questions about screenings, they only are in charge of making and delivering t-shirts and physical rewards. i can answer anything you need to know about your other rewards here on the site! tech support - lots of people are forgetting to click apply code. this is a very important step that zeros out your total so you can "buy" your stuff for free. please make sure you are following the directions in your email carefully :) if you still can't figure it out, send an email to support@kingsroadmerch.com with the subject line tech support. coco
hi i haven't received my survey yet and have informed you already but still nothing yet. i am worried that i will miss the deadline. please send it asap. thx
thanks for the reminder and letting me know it was in the junk folder, or else i would have completely missed it. i'm really glad you guys are on top of things. i'm happy to back something that is run so well! see you in toronto ^_^
i submitted my survey, but haven't heard how we're getting our tickets to the la screening. please help
yep, no survey and planning on flying to the premier in austin in 3 weeks.  worried.  no reply from emails yet.
i'm also having troubles with the email code and cart.  i select my reward, add the code and then....my cart magically empties leaving me with an error message. i've emailed the support guys, but i'm really worried i'm going to miss the deadline. disappointed that something so special has this potential downer. but fingers are crossed! :)
hi.  i just got an email asking if i had submitted my backer's survey, or something like that.  at my age, i might not remember it if i filled out any survey last week.  could you send me some kind a personal email to me and tell what i still need to do to get my goodies?  i backed at $200, and would like to see my name in the movie on the wall.  i am also particularly interested in seeing your script.  btw congratulations on your fund-raising success.  i have alerted my local artsy-fartsy theater about it, and can't wait to see it, even if our local commercial theaters decide to pick it up.  thanks again for the opportunity.  my email: jsmetzer@gmail.com
backed the $30 option, when is it being delivered? "backer’s thank you screening// a first of its kind live group movie screening across the world. i'll host at least three live online screenings of the film."
i have not been getting any of the email updates and information on shirts and perks our contributions have gotten us.  i how can i be assured i will be a part of the excitement?  my brother was a contributor and he's been getting emails that i have not.
let's try this again--i cannot make the austin screening. i'm happy to give my ticket away! please email me at shley03(at)hotmail(dot)com. please use "austin wish i was here" in the title block. p.s. tickets still haven't been sent electronically yet.
fyi backers waiting for their survey.....i got mine yesterday and i found it in my junk mail folder.  make sure you're checking your junk folder.
just stopping in to say omg i'm so excited to see the movie at the la premiere!!!!!! :-)))
got my survey today, had a slight problem but i did it 4 hours later and its all taken care of.  thanks for the excellent follow up from krm!  looking forward to my tainty soft shirt!
any idea, when the last surveys will be sent out? (just about)
i was able to complete my survey using chrome, though it did take me a few tries due to user error (like not clicking "apply code").  follow the emailed instructions exactly as they are listed.
hi all, if you emailed king's road with a tech problem, please be patient. they are off on saturdays and sundays and are responding to all of you now. we will not let anyone miss a deadline because you are having a tech issue, as long as you email support@kingsroadmerch.com to let us know. please remember we have 40,000 surveys to send out, and we are getting to everyone as soon as possible. if you have any questions, please message me here on kickstarter (by clicking contact me next to the pic of zach), i will do my best to take care of you, as always! - coco
spent each day trying to get my items using ie, chrome and safari to no avail. got a response from them saying don't use chrome. this is frustrating and not good customer service, especially since you have imposed a deadline on us. please find a way to allow us to complete our orders.
hello i have the same problem to claim my rewards.  after applying the code and continuing to checkout it complains i no longer have any items in the cart ! if they don't solve the problem in a week will i lose my reward ?  that's unbelievable...
wtf,  i have never received any email or communication about my rewards.  not for the austin showing nor the physical rewards.  i just happened to come look at the comments here on the kickstarter.
i received an e-mail from coco that i will receive an extra survey for my second t-shirt i added extra money for so i guess everyone who added extra money will receive an extra survey. i had no troubles with the checkout process at all - used ff 28 on windows, no plugins (e.g. flash, java) activated.
i'm guessing everyone is getting the same error? after applying the code and continuing to checkout it complains i no longer have any items in the cart ..... testing ie, ff and chrome.
no answer to my email, time ticking down (because apparently giving me a week to find this in my junk folder is fair), and no answers for how to fix this. i really shouldn't be surprised.
i'm having issues selecting my reward as well - and the two emails i've sent to kings road merch are unanswered.  i've tried both firefox and safari browsers and enabled cookies for the browsers.  can anyone help me figure this out?
i have added extra money to get both t-shirts but i haven't seen an option on the checkout process. how am i supposed to get the second t-shirt?
re brad berkemier - looks like a floating week. i haven't got a mail so far, by my girlfriends says may 7 ^^
i have tried all the so called fix instructions provided by krm to no avail. starting to look more and more like a scam.
i tried it in both firefox and explorer. same problem appears in both browsers when i try to checkout after applying the code. so for me it's not a chrome-specific problem. i just e-mailed the address zack provided and explained my issue. hopefully they'll be able to fix it.
"you will have one week to complete this survey and get your reward. we are printing everything together, so if you don’t choose your reward and checkout by may 6, 2014, we won’t have a reward for you." can i just say how ridiculous this is? i understand you're minimizing costs by getting your production run for the items done all at once. however, you've had ages take the time to get the survey out and get the responses back but instead decided to wait until now and then give people 7 days to respond to a single email that might be lost in spam, buried in someone's inbox when they went on vacation, or simply just accidentally over looked. ridiculous. you need to give people more time. your poor planning is not our problem.
i didn't receive an email about the screening except for the rundown ... is there somewhere that we should rsvp?
aw, heather isn't my best colour - but i can make an exception for this long awaited t-shirt of awe, haha :d can't wait for the film!
i am unable to attend the austin screening in june.  can i transfer the ticket to my friend with their information?
yes as linda said below we are having a glitch in chrome. should work on other browsers!
might help others -- it didn't work for me in google chrome, but when i tried it in firefox and remembered to press the "apply code" button - it worked.
hi all, if have received your survey and you are having trouble with your checkout process, please reach out to our tech support email for the store and they will help you with your problem: support@kingsroadmerch.com coco
the shirt checkout process is broken!
i am having the same problem as linda, any advice??
got my email survey for the shirts today, but all of the shirts are "out of stock" and i can't add any to my cart :(
hi guys, we have just released our single on spotify. the album is also appearing on the 2nd may so follow us if you like what you hear. thanks http://open.spotify.com/artist/06mjv5ikqsvdmq5vaxtlq6
does anyone have an additional ticket to the austin screening available?  let me know!
wondering have the email survey gone out yet, haven't received any email yet ?
hi have 2 tickets for sale for the advance film screening & q&a in chicago that i am no longer able to attend. please message me if you are interested!
my email is claudia@classicfreshfoods.co.uk
oh sorry - the boston screening is on july 7th (a tad earlier than anticipated…)
hi guys  -  i have two tickets for the boston meet and greet screening but despite my best efforts will not be able to go (sigh).  i can offer these for sale or if someone in london has tickets and wants to swap (doesn't have to be a meet and greet) i would be happy to do that too.  send me a message…don't miss out on meeting he whom we all love to bits of a lifetime!!!
the pool from the movie trailer looks to be the same one from this video zach and donald did. http://youtu.be/zagczmquexo
hi everyone, i have two tickets for the austin screening and the first part of june does not work for us. anyone interested in a swap that has two tickets for late june or july? if so, i can be reached at jenneidenbrook@gmail.com. thanks!
is there any chance that kickstarter backers names or id's will show up at the very end of the credits, very fine print i assume for 46,520 names, but that way we can freeze frame the video (when we buy that version) and show our families proof that we were investors in one of the greatest movies of our time?
so excited! can't wait to see it and you in london xx
cant wait to see the movie !!!!!!!!!!!
when i saw the trailer i felt like i was deflowered..........but loved it :d
hello all!  i have two tickets to the chicago screening and meet and greet that i can't use.  does anyone want to swap for one of the other cities at a later date??
just watched the trailer and it looks fantastic!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :d
there are tickets?  i haven't received jack.  who do i contact to get that fixed?
is anyone who pledged for the nyc screening and can't make it interested in selling their ticket?  if so email me  bkluger1@ithaca.edu
teaser trailer look f... amazing.. can't wait..good work zach(and team!)
hi all, just a reminder, if you have questions about your rewards, please click the "contact me" link just to your right here, and you will send a message directly to me, and i will help you out! thanks! coco
is there a date for the berlin screening yet?
hello! i won't be able to make the austin screening (june 2nd)...anyone looking for an extra ticket?
when and how will we be notified of the screening we pledged to attend?
is it possible to buy both of the tshirt? will be there an add on in the survey for 2 tshirts?
what if we want to buy a tshirt, but our original pledge didn't have it included? is there any way to buy a tshirt now?
just checking in to get a sense as to when we'll learn more regarding the timing of screenings.  any insight would be much appreciated.
so for those of us who paid for a digital screening, when is that supposed to happen? i kinda expected to be able to see it before it started being screened everywhere. just really excited to see this movie!!
when are the screenings in the uk?
no, most of us are grown ups and have patience.
...did anyone get their survey yet?
i had a quick question about the l.a screening. i surprised my husband with the news we would be going to the screening around september-ish.  we joked that the only thing that would stop me from going would be getting pregnant. we are now expecting our first child at the beginning of july. with the premiere coming out around july 18th will the advanced screenings come earlier than a month or two before the official release? thanks!
awesome to hear about the release dates. so for the people who's reward is to see the screening in la and new york, will it be on that release date? it'd be awesome to start planning the trip early.
"for those of you who pledged for deliciously soft t-shirts, art prints, director chair backs and/or signed garden state dvds: good news! although our estimated delivery was september 2014, we are hoping to get all of these out by the beginning of the summer. i’ve finalized my t shirt design and will be posting it within the next week or so, along with some options for art prints. a few weeks from now, i will send a survey to your kickstarter account so you can fill in your picks, t-shirt size, and current address. i will be sure to post on our site when it’s sent out, for those of you that are following along here instead of on kickstarter." any update on this?
i am happy to hear the good reviews from sundance and very excited to see the movie in san francisco in september! i am, however, very disappointed to read some ridiculous articles on buzzfeed and a few other sites making it look like backers are "not getting what they paid for" and making it seem like we should be refunded (?) for our donations because the movie was sold. also, i am extremely disappointed to see one of the backers issuing press releases about not receiving his t-shirt to promote his business (every article says his name and "founder of xxxxxxxxx.com" ) i have been really happy seeing the updates and reading about the film and am looking forward to the san francisco screening, meet & greet and seeing the success of the film. this has really been a cool experience and i am glad to have paid a little bit of money to help back the film. there are over 46,000 backers and i am sure about 99.9% of us have had a positive experience. maybe we could all comment on these ridiculous articles so people can see the real story? anyway, didn't want to post anything negative, but i was really surprised to see how the media is spinning everything to get a few more views. congrats to zach, the cast and everyone involved! i'm happy to be a (small) part of the process :-)
just got back from the screening today @ sundance (eccles theater).  i am so happy to tell you that it totally blew us away.  i haven't laughed and cried so much in the same movie in my life.  such a great film.  thank you zach and coco.  it was just awesome.
a pitty the movie didn't made it to the international film festival rotterdam 2014 :-d! https://www.filmfestivalrotterdam.com/en/
hey zach, as one of the backers who requested a signed garden state dvd... is there some way to upgrade to a blu-ray? i would much rather own a nice hd copy of the film!
will the online screenings happen in conjunction with the advanced screenings or will these happen separately? looking forward to it and hope it will happen soon.
i cant wait!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i know im super late but where do you go to download the music lol
hi friends, we are so thrilled by your support and our fantastic screening at sundance! i hope you have been able to follow along with our whole journey on our site. if you haven't gotten on the site yet, and don't know your password, go to "forgot my password" on the site and put in the email you used to pledge on kickstarter. we will send you a new password! in the next month or so, you should receive an email survey from us regarding your rewards, with choices for t shirts and art prints from the film. we expect the goodies (except for vinyl and pdf of screenplay, which will be sent out upon release) to arrive in the late spring or early summer. will keep you posted with all the details. thank you so much for your support. we loved to sign on and see your amazing comments both here and on the site. love,  zach, coco and the whole gang
zach, on the eve of my 35th birthday and the day after you premiered your movie, i realize we mean so much more to the people who share our lives. i am so proud to help support the next leg of your journey.  the past ten years of my life have been my own private comedy but i can always watch g. s.  and i understand,  us sensis think we are alone. but we are never not. the dreams, songs, people and places make us more alive with every passing moment.  and for that i thank you.  you keep doing what you do and i'll keep doing what i do. ira
so happy for zach and everyone that is part of this film...including all of us backers!  the film kicked ass at sundance!!!!
most of the rewards say they'll be delivered in september 2014... that sounds better than my last post. haha! (no need for the grammar police)
most of the rewards don't say they'll be delivered until september 2014... there's still a while yet before the rewards or surveys start coming, i'm sure.
also been wondering about the rewards, no mention of it anywhere.
agreed, anyone know when the surveys for our rewards/etc come out?!
any idea when you'll send out the soundtrack list, saw that there was some shins and bon iver so i'm very curious. also will you be shipping a printed version of the script or an online version? thanks and happy to see the success so far at sundance
when will the surveys go out?
good luck at sundance!  we wish the best for you and your movies success!
are there any confirmed dates on the premier? i am trying to ask off from work for the chicago one.
hey zach i know this is a stretch but i've been excited to see wish i was here ever sine kickstarter and i got even more excited when i found out it would be premiering in the state i live in. my only dilemma is that i'm a poor college student and i literally have like 7¢ to my name. so i'm asking you if there's anyway i could get a ticket to the show on the 18th somehow. i can get to park city, i just can't get a ticket. and if you can't help out i understand and no hard feelings but if you can then that'd be pretty sweet too. thanks for your time zach or whoever it is that will read this! :)
when are you going to send the pdf screenplay?
any utah locals get passes to see the movie at sundance? seems it's already at wait list for all showings. excited that happened but sucks that i'm going to have to hope to get in. wish zach and crew could create a kickstarter row for one of the showings for those at sundance. (hint, hint, hint)
got my sphere and my cats hate it....   :)
no clear-coat on the limited hand painted sphero ??   after just a few minutes of playing, the surface is scratched up ...geeze,  i  would have thought a clear-coat would have been applied ?   if you have a limited hand painted sphero..be careful !
did everyone get their sphere???
the guys at kickstarter love allison weiss, just ask them!  take 5 and watch this 2011 kickstarter film.  i promise it will make you smile, and you'll love her music even more!  http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/allisonweiss/allison-weiss-does-it-again-with-your-help…
rewards are expected estimated delivery: sep 2014
any news on the t-shirts?
guess i'm not the only one... http://ryanthussey.wordpress.com/2012/11/12/my-disappointment-in-zach-braff/
has anyone else been blocked by zach braff on twitter for no reason whatsoever? only just noticed today when someone else rt him. don't understand, never said a bad thing to him he's one of my favorite people in the world i'm a big fan. #why
where is my shirt?
hi zack: haven't received an update for a long time. are you done sending them out? i just wanted to make sure that i am still able to see the group movie screening when it comes out. thank you! i am so looking forward to the movie.
zach braff, every one who said you were "ruining kickstarted" or "ruining crowdfunding" should learn to check themselves, because the professional way you run your website is revealing that they certainly wrecked themselves. way to go!
i was wondering how you pick the songs for the soundtrack? do you just listen to endless music or do get recommendations. it would be cool to see that process if film making :)
please consider kickstarter "darling" allison weiss's music for your soundtrack!   allisonw.com  or  razor and tie:  http://www.razorandtiemusicpublishing.com/artist/allison-weiss and please forgive my solicitation...i'm her proud mom :)
by the way i know i'm very late to ask and mention this but, i noticed a couple hours after the project finished that you added the "advance film screening and q&a in paris for two" and i did not have a chance to change my pledge to that level 200$ level as i would of wilfully done. i know this might sound crazy and impossible but i see there will still be 2 empty places at the paris screening... you see i'v been a fan of scrubs thanks to my brother who made me discover the show and still re watch some of the episodes today! i would be sooo happy if i could get to go and surprise  my big brother as we both live in paris. if anyone who works on this project reads this comment and makes it possible for me to purchase these 2 last empty seats i would be very grateful. thank you for taking your precious time to read my comment. james
i backed because i was a fan of scrubs as i saw each episode more than 3 time! why did you back?
i backed and because i was a fan of scrubs as i saw each episode more than 3 time! why did you back?
i signed up for the extra thing on sunday but have not heard back if i am in. need to warn the job even though i am in la. would love to know if i got in before tomorrow (the day). anyone?
no t-shirt survey yet topher, we will make sure we get everyone's current address before we send them out! coco
did i miss the t-shirt survey? i definitely expected that to have been sent out a while ago.
great transition from ks to the email updates and website.  best of luck in production.
if you're having trouble getting into the new website, go to this link to request help: https://wishiwashere.zendesk.com/home also, the t-shirts and other rewards aren't supposed to be fulfilled until september 2014, so it's still almost a year away. i hope this helps. be patient.
we're supposed to message kickstarter coco if we haven't received our log in, but i can't seem to find the option to do that. any ideas?
just want to give a huge shout-out to zach & the gang! my video message arrived (some playful banter for my two-year old daughter). here's the youtube link for those interested: http://youtu.be/jymmnyhxhha thanks again! looking forward to the next production update :)
has anyone heard updates or received a survey for the tshirt?  i have gone back through some of the comments, but haven't been able to find anything.
hey zach another jersey boy here i put in some money to the project and making my own film now just startes a kickstarter for my feature love and hate relations i would love for you to check it out on here
hey zach another jersey boy here i put in a littme to the project and making my own film now just startes a kickstarter for my feature love and hate relations i would love for you to check it out on here
hey, i just noticed that there is a separate list of comments associated to the update that zach posted about the website (currently about 75).  there are alot of folks that have yet to receive so we are not alone.  also a note that they are sending them out in waves vs all at once.  i.e., we can just be patient and i will stop refreshing my inbox every 10 minutes (ha!).
didn't get my invite either
same here. please let us know what to do if no invite comes...
i was going to ask the same thing, doug.  i was hoping i wasn't the only one.  i wonder what we do if we don't get the invite???
hi, anybody else not receive their invite to the new site yet?  been checking my inbox and my spam folder and nothing yet.  wondering if there might have been some issues/delay.
music:  zach, i found out about this musician (jayme ivison) through the director i'm working with as a producer.  reminded me of garden state.  he's very zach braffish - just wonderful.  i know you've got a knack with sound tracks, he'd be a great addition if you're still taking any into consideration.  https://soundcloud.com/jayme-ivison
"help me lose my mind" by disclosure.  sounds very braffy.  i also enjoy it.
http://m.youtube.com/watch… saw this ted talk with amanda palmer and thought of this project :-) having faith; asking for help; and allowing us to support you.
zach and team,  i know you already asked a ton of people about what they were listening to, to start making a soundtrack for the movie. i just wanted to let you know there's a band out there that you might have over looked and would be amazing to maybe add them in. language room. they have a complete facebook page and youtube channel as well. give them a listen and see what you think. i think you might have used them for garden state, had you known about them then. if you look into them more great! if not, don't worry it wont hurt my feelings. just wanted to let you know and help out more than just pledging money. i'm so impressed with what you are doing and excited to finally get to see the end results. just a note from a big fan! :)
hi zach, what about the cosplay contest scene ? it was to short to shoot it at the comic-con, or it was impossible for any other reason?  thanks :)
amazing updates. always frequent which is great to see! literally feels me with joy when the update email comes in!
how come my ipad wont play your videos? really disappointed i'm missing out!!!
great update!  i love any update soundtracked by cary :)
hey zach!  echoing previous comments and praise, it's such a pleasure receiving your updates.  at a time when everyone's so cynical, your commentary is a pleasant reminder about how much passion, dedication and craft it requires to create thoughtful works of art.  thank you for making all of us feel like a significant part of making your film happen.  as always, wishing you all of the best in creativity and imagination, bruno & brenda ciccone
i really enjoy all the "behind the scenes". scouting the location was very good. lighting and sun position and tree carvings is something i would not have known about. i'm enjoying the education of making a movie. thank you so much. your great.
kickstarter is about being a part of someone else's journey and this movie is the epitome of what kickstarter is all about. the best updates. i would truly say that even it was led by a celebrity
out of everything i have backed so far you have given the most updates. i appreciate everything!
i can't wait for the screening! i am already thinking about dressing up and have my own red carpet at home :-)
that's a shame about anna kendrick. can i still get her to sign my poster?
loving the casting news for ashley greene!  she's going to ad a great new tone.  this is awesome seeing this movie come together.  glad to be apart of this, zack!
hello,  sorry, i would actually like the premiere tickets for two to los angeles if that is possible. i'm aware that i would have to provide my own travel accommodations. fingers crosses! thanks,  angie bloemker
hello! i was wondering if there was anyway i could buy a san fran meet and greet still? my work schedule was iffy at the time of pledging and to be honest, this is my first time on here so i wasn't quite clear on the terms. :) anywho, if there isn't a way to do it no worries. if so, absolutely fantastic and i am in! thanks,  angie bloemker
so, heres the thing. its sunday, its 18:30 and i'm working instead of being on vacation. i'm guessing the backers of this project share the same taste in music and i really need my indie-fix... are there a place where we can share (i need new stuff!)
love the children! so hoping that i can organise to fly from australia to use my tickets in san fran!!!
ah dude more updates!! that email in my inbox makes my day!! can not wait to see the movie!! and also you shall see me in ny for opening night of you're broadway debut!! #excited
yes! that little boy will rock this hard. loved him in one tree hill and looper :)
the cast keeps looking better and better. i can not wait to see it in austin
this is starting to remind me of project greenlight which i enjoyed very much. only with less drama and uncertainty about the final product.
love these updates so far! so principal shooting begins the day after i turn 30, that's great ;) i have nothing but good faith that this will be an amazing movie! great updates so far! always a fan,
i agree with dennis, i'm enjoying the clips very much (it is very interesting to see the process, and thank you for letting us be part of it). but it would be great  (!) to get daily small updates between the clips. because zach said in his last video, that the shooting is going to be 25 days long. i wanted to ask if we are going to get playlists only during that time, or as well before and after the shooting?
i actually want to sell all my stuff for a 3d printer!! i would build a storm trooper blaster rifle first. if anyone is interested in 2d ios games check it this kickstarter! i hope the shins is in this movies soundtrack!! :) http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/4401283/gravoor-ios-game…
thank you very much for the quick answer! i didn't mean to sound rude ;) i just really loved the daily updates during the backing process. i don't want a page long update every day, but just some small tidbits between the big ones. like if there are any new cast members, or what's up for the day. just an idea ;)
dennis and terence, chiming in. terence is correct, the playlists will be available during production which is in august. kickstarter doesn't have the infrastructure we need to provide these playlists to you which is why we are hard at work building our backer website. if you ever have any questions, feel free to message me. coco
@dennis - it does say "during production" and it seems they are still "pre-production" making casting decisions, designing....you know, getting everything ready and not really "producing" anything except ideas for how to go about this "production".  small technicality - but i think it's too soon to call "foul." so just cool your jets - i'm sure it'll be worth the wait! =)
if anyone enjoys small town community theatre, we could really use the help. thanks! http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1076562106/st-john-theatres-massive-production-of-the-produce
that was just amazing zach...thank you!
"and, i'll create and send you a brand new playlist each week of production for your listening pleasure." will we get our playlists, or was this part of our rewards cut? just an update about that, or in general more updates concerning the process would be nice. i love the behind the scenes clips, but i was hoping to hear from almost every step of the production.
thanks much for the latest video and updates.  it's been a very enlightening investment  thanks
sorry i couldn't find an answer to that question: is there a way to raise the amount of a pledge now that the funding period is over? sounds silly i know but i got a bonus since then so i'm more than willing to improve my support!
this casting video is awesome, great insight into what the director is thinking and makes it seem a lot less intimidating. thank you!
awesome bts videos zach :)
love the inside look we are getting so far! thanks zach! if anyone is into classic jrpgs check this out !  http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1940485896/the-great-gaias
when do we start getting weekly playlists?
i just watched garden state again. if wish i was here has an abyss to guard you really should see if @denisohare is available. he did a good job with the last one.
hey guys we just launched a kickstarter, check it out if you have time. thanks http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/4401283/gravoor-ios-game
is there a way to purchase the shirt that was chosen? cuz its an awesome shirt and i wish i would have donated more money to get it. so if there is a way to buy it, please let me know!
zach, i'm loving all of the information and behind the scenes stuff. but i have to admit as i'm hearing about the casting i'm getting so jealous. as a seasoned actor (from nj living in l.a. now) could i make a shameless self serving plug for an invitation to audition for anything i might be a fit for? i know, it really is shameless and i didn't back you for this reason, just going nuts as i hear about the casting process :-) www.gregorydepetro.com for more info or to blacklist me for using this venue to beg. either way, would love to hear from you. congrats on the woody allen project man!!!!
fantastic zach!!! love all of this behind the scenes footage. so freaking interesting. keep up the great work and good luck with all of the pre-production (is that even the right word?)!   :) aaron
sharon and other extras- we will be contacting you very very soon. we just got all of your photos and information in yesterday and are figuring out how to fit everyone in! looking forward to seeing you on set. coco
zach- i am the bitch who told you your fans weren't feeling the love from you (during the first week or so of this endeavor). i think i said something about letting your fans go years without love, then immediately going into overdrive and asking for money.  i want you to know that as a backer i am feeling the love. thanks for including me- i refer to this as "my movie" now. i'm so glad i'm a part of this. best, kerri
hi - since it is almost july do you have an idea when extras will be informed of dates so we can start to make travel arrangements?  just curious as i need to take time off work as well.  thanks much.
thanks, declan!
hi nicola, i just completed your survey for you. i hope it is helpful and that you get a good amount of responses from fellow backers. good luck with your article! ps. zach, if you see this, you should get in touch with nicola if you can to offer a few of your own words on the project to help out her article. if you can squeeze some time into your busy schedule that is.
hey zach fanatics, i am writing an article about this amazing campaign, and need your help! please take 2 minutes and fill out my survey at this link: http://goo.gl/ppeyl. all the information collected will be completely anonymous, but will add a nice authenticity and colour to my piece. thanks so much!
thanks for the update.
james franco has a project on indiegogo. http://www.indiegogo.com/projects/palo-alto-stories-by-james-franco
these updates are great. i hope you are going to take us with you when you go location scouting as well.
this was so cool. the behidn the scenes are so much better than i imagined and possibly due to the fact i have zero experience with this industy. thanks zach
i'm so excited for this.  however my wife made a good point. i shouldn't be so excited to see the movie because that means this journey will be over. still can't wait tho!
i'm so excited for this.  however my wife made a good point. i shouldn't be so excited to see the movie because that means this journey will be over. still can't wait tho!
awesome.....can't wait for the update!
hey anitra, you can shoot me an email via rowan_star@hotmail.com if you're interested. just write "wish i was here" in the subject line, so i know you're not spam. appreciate the reply!
hi zach et al, i love being a part of this journey with you guys and i can't wait to see what you have in store for us with this latest update. keep up the good work. "if we all did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves." - thomas edison
we shot an update today!! stay tuned guys...it's all happening. we just needed a little time to set it all up. we shot almost 3 hours of footage so it's going to take a few days to edit. :) love,  coco
hi, zach et al. i know you're probably very busy with production work (possibly camera repair). just wanted to remind you that you're awesome and you will all kick butt on this project. i'm part of a group whose motto is dftba (don't forget to be awesome). today i'm saying to you, dftya (don't forget that you're awesome).
nicola, how do we contact you?
an update would be nice! also, would it be possible to make all the extras, like the production diaries a digital download for all backers?  it would be a shame to lose all this stuff!
hey there fellow backers and zach fanatics, i'm writing an article for my university newspaper about kickstarter, specifically the larger budget films recently being funded. any chance some of you would like to partake of a short (email) interview about your experience as backers, maybe take a short quiz? let me know. thanks, guys!
hi guys been a while since the last update, i can imagine your all flat out working hard, but any chance of a small update.
in support of zach's immense project (aside from our pledge), we have written a song. art creates art after all. oh, and it is cunningly entitled 'wish i was here'. https://soundcloud.com/therollos/wish-i-was-here :)
my t-shirt design wasn't a finalist, but here it is anyway:  http://tinypic.com/r/4siqhk/5
i thought people would get a kick out of this! http://www.youtube.com/watch…
hey zach, is there anyway i could be a pa for this job?? i can work local in la!
emma caulfield has launched a project:  http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2036663828/break-your-straight-an-unparalleled-dark-comedy-sh
when will the weekly playlist will start?
zach, thanks for creating such amazing prizes for backers! my husband was completely floored when i told him we would be going to l.a next year for the premiere and after party. i don't think anything will top this years birthday surprise. :d ~ jess
such a big fan of scrubs! if your a big sports fan check out this kickstarter! http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/556438728/the-daily-sports-buzz-tv-and-web-show
thanks, glad you like it! if you look close enough you see he is in a haunted world.. ;)
hey joscha, das gefaellt total am meisten...
nice work joscha! i don't know what you pledged but zach should reward you for being so supportive and spending your time promoting the movie like this ;)
zach & crew, congratulations on what you have achieved with this kickstarter campaign! you are all so talented at what you do, thank you for the hard work that has happened, is happening, and will have happened to make this movie a reality!
hey zach, here's a positive article about your kickstarter: http://www.timesunion.com/business/press-releases/article/celebrity-business-analyst-announces-opinion-on-4570288.php
nice one joscha!
made another artwork which was stuck in my head.. and some thoughts about the kickstarter campaign :) http://jovi-architecture.com/wish-i-was-here-fanart-movie-poster-recap/
zach and co. so excited to be experiencing the making of this movie! i was going crazy the past couple of days looking for my #32 update... and i found it here but not in my inbox. hmmm? i've loved all the emails, updates, and especially the first video glimpse behind he "making of" movie magic. this is such an awesome thing to be a part of... i mean much as you want to give someone with a pair of eyes and a small donation credit for being involved. i think i've told all of my friends and coworkers about this multiple times and spread the link like wild fire. can't wait for more of the insider videos and top secret backer info! if i could suggest one thing for some extras for the dvd or special backer info - audition videos. i think it would be cool to see the raw and uncut auditions that the actors do that land them spot/ for those already chosen, showing some beginning times for people running their lines, would also be sweet. also, thanks to the screening (2 tickets) in austin, i made my boyfriend ecstatic for his anniversary present and smoothed over the beginning of a long fight! sending positive creative thoughts your way, lib
hay guys if you are a fan of video games or just the advancement of technology in general please go over to video games the movie (a documentary about video games) http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/mediajuicestudios/video-games-the-movie they were one of the first to back this page and i think if all the great backers on here could go help them out it would help them make there project available. plus they are giving away some great prizes for backing them
hey everyone!  we're all movie buffs here, and so i know that many of you appreciate classic film venues.  so that's why i'm asking you all to please consider helping the denver film society out by pledging to their ks campaign!  with the advent of the "all digital media" era creeping upon us, they need some help to update their projectors to usher in the digital era for the sie filmcenter.  it's incredibly important for the film industry that they do not vanish like many other small town theaters have. check it out:  http://kck.st/10imbky thanks!
lily and kat need a little less than $2,000 in the next 20 hours to make their goal. it looks like a great project. please take a look. http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/325389840/lily-and-kat thank you!
i am so happy and proud to have been a part of that project ! i love your universe so much, i reconize myself in it sometimes ! you're simply the best zach ! have fun, enjoy and surprise us ! from paris with love. lola.
i am so glad to have been a part of a successfully funded project as cool as this one. :) now i must return my focus back to our project (dungeon of elements - rpg dungeon crawler with dr. mario/tetris style combat - http://kck.st/14j1uwt ). still 20 days to go, so i have a lot of work and stress ahead of me! congratulations!
check out this kickstarter for a space telescope! sounds cool. http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1458134548/arkyd-a-space-telescope-for-everyone-0
are we there yet?
does the production diary go automatically to the email address you paid with? or will it be on kickstarter?
kickstarted: documenting the crowdfunding revolution http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/696739710/kickstarted-documenting-the-crowdfunding-revolutio…
some final numbers for everyone (numbers are rounded up): average amount backers pledged:  $66.76 average number of new backers per day:  1,551     per hour:  64.63     per minute:  1.08     per second:  0.02 average amount pledged per day:  $103,315.77     per hour:  $4,313.16     per minute:  $71.89     per second:  $1.20 percentage of goal pledged:  155.27% percentage of stretch goal pledged:  88.73% (we'll call it a b+) all-around a fantastic job by everyone and we can all rest easy knowing we will have helped in creating one fantastic movie. now, i'll hand it off to zach/coco/stacey/michael.  ::drops mic::
celebrated with my wife and a few spirits at the distillery.  which distillery?  the one where people over-indulge and back killer films!
take care of you coco, zach, donald and all the team !!! it's normal if you celebrate this moment, it's not all day !!!! thanks for you message, the aventure is begining now. i've never felt so close to my favorite actor ! and his entourage :d of course :) lets go to the amazing aventure !
time of eve: the movie on blu-ray  http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/693293489/time-of-eve-the-movie-on-blu-ray any one interested in baking this anime film.
huge congratulations to zach, coco, the production team, and all of us who backed the project! now that funding is successful, i hope some of you - who may not have seen it yet - will check out my graphic novel here on kickstarter, which only has four days left to reach its goal!!  here is a link to a blog post i wrote, in defense of zach using kickstarter (back when the attacks were flying in): http://bloodthirstycomic.com/… and a link to my project: http://kck.st/17f0ncb thanks! - mark
hi all! we took a little break this weekend to celebrate with family and friends. in the office now to start the hard work of making the movie!!!!! thank you all for all your messages of congratulations, and you deserve congrats too! congratulations and thank you! coco
all quite at the moment, hope there's an update soon?
happy tuesday, everyone!  zach, coco and company must be hard at work judging by their extended radio silence.  must be neck-deep in paperwork.  all the hard work will pay off!  looking forward to the next year and a half!
truth.  passion is powerful and contagious......it also tends to net results.
this italian news made me think about the pros of crowdfunding:  the italian actor and director giancarlo giannini talks about his latest film: the project was that 30 percent would be funded by the canadians, 70 percent by the italians. a total of 4 million euro but i have been cheated by the canadians: the money never arrived. at the end i did get through it with my money. when you do something you care about, you can find resources that you would not expect.  (source: http://www.cineblog.it/post/190067/giannini-ti-ho-cercata-in-tutti-i-necrologi-e-il-film-piu-anarchico-che-abbia-mai-visto)
@saurabh - i think closer to the time, we will receive more information on this matter via email but since payments were made through amazon (for me, anyway) i think they may use shipping addresses from there.
does anyone know how are we going to receive our tshirt and stuff?
so excited!! eagerly awaiting an update...
congratulations zach and everyone at team wish you were here! this is the second film i've backed and i look forward to watching the process unfold via updates. i'm proud of you all for sticking to your guns and feel kickstarter (and similar platforms) are a great way to not only help fund the arts but also a way for any person with any budget to participate. looking über forward to my signed lithograph of the poster as your taste in casting is a dream come true.
hey beautiful team wish i was here! i'm listening to the songs that have been selected, it is a real pleasure! and see that the song dusty man by saule (french) and charlie winston has been selected, it's amazing because i proposed it :d thank you for everything! i'm so happy to participate in this film is a true honor.
just occurred to me i've never watched the commentary on garden state....whaaaaat?????? watching now!! and - love the music in scrubs...love the soundtrack to garden state (still my favorite road trip cd...can not thank you enough for introducing me to the shins..."it'll change your life i swear")...can't wait for my limited edition vinyl!!!
you didn't tell me you had absinthe!
just got off of work. had a couple of mimosas to celebrate:) i am ready for the chicago preview although i've never been to austin:) thanks for the clip on the visual art stuff. wish i was better at photoshop. not understanding the whole futuristic knight thing but pics are really cool.
guess zach's new online version of sally field's oscar speech would be: "you like me, you forty six thousand five  hundred and twenty people really like me". amazing and congrats to zach, coco, team, true believers and you other 46, 519 people, too :-)... dance all night, carl (the berg man)
just woke up from my champagne sleep - head's got a throb on - but a happy throb (hmmmm if i were a man that'd be some other throb altogether i imagine...loooool).  and thank you tara for wanting to meet me last night, yes i was countdown excited (and why not). this morning i got my cool germenglish hat back on and am as reserved as ever. maybe. not. anyway, it's still exciting although now i'm more sober. and with a throbby head.  i was btw celebrating a secondary thing but this of course was bigger...
i wish i could have given more than i did. i am so excited to see what your brain is going to cook up this time around. oz didn't have enough braff for me.
congratulations to zach, coco, and the rest of the 'wish i was here' production team!   to all of the donors, please consider checking out another fun independent movie in need of funding.    http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/627378769/please-wait-to-be-seated/backers remember, it took a big backer ten years ago to make zach's dream of making 'garden state' come true.  hopefully one of you can help us achieve ours.
congratulations zach and company! this has been very exciting for me. i can hardly wait to see the movie, so until then i'm going to watch garden state and scrubs again for the umpteenth time.  thank you for sharing this experience with me and the other kickstarters.
so wonderful! congratulations everyone!! what am i going to compulsively check now :)
to celebrate the day i made this video... http://www.youtube.com/watch… :)
congrats zach on raising the target funds ... so exciting ... makes me want to keep pledging!!!
i'm really excited to be able to give my small contribution, this is awesome and inspiring! can't wait to see the next super awesome movie!!!
take this finance people! thanks zach to let me join your adventure. looking forward to meet you in london!
take this finance people! thanks zach to let me join your adventure. looking forward to meet you in london!
this is gonna be awesome! glad to be a part of it :)
congratulations! as an indie actor, i'm always excited to help out fellow artists' projects! thanks to everybody who participated and is helping fund zach's dream project. way to man up and decide to keep final cut and put this all out there to the fan base. you rock, dude!
@sian anderson: call your bank and authorize the charge. you will receive an e-mail explaining what you need to do (on kickstarter) to re-pledge for the same amount as your declined pledge. then, amazon will re-process the payment. you have one week for this to be sorted and keep your backer status.
my payment declined with amazon... bank blocked the international transaction! how do i make sure you get the funds?!?
hooray! way to bypass the crusty old financial gatekeepers who represent the past not the future.
awesome super excited!
i'm making a movie with zach and all you guys! how very exiting! let the fun begin!
well done guys! so proud to say that i played a small part in getting this film started! excited to see how it progresses over the year!! good luck guys!!
whoop! cannot wait to see how it turns out!
payment complete!! forgot about the exchange rate being applied!!! oh we'll it's all for a good thing!!!
i am really happy to be one of these 46,520 people. makes me feel smarter than the rest of the world. ;)
this is awesome - i guess we all officially rock!!! :d over to you now zach - do us proud ;-)
congratulations. you paid the iron price!
congrats everybody! *group hug*
great job matt damon...! ah no, zach braff... !! looking forward to see the movie and to get the cat fur t-shirt! all the best from switzerland! (not sweden)
many congrats to the awesome team!!!!  wow, > $3,000,000 - together, we did it!!! am sooo excited to be part of that amazing adventure, woohoo!!! - can't wait to hear even more great stuff about it!!! cheers!!!!
yeehaw!!!
yay!  this is going to be a fun ride!  and i'm seriously looking forward to the finished project.  i know you will put your heart and soul into this zach.  ps -- great hearing you on howard!  i never would have known about this had you not come on the show.
congrats on being fully funded! so glad to be apart of this and ready to enjoy the ride to a finished film!
well, fuck. i guess those two hundies are coming out of my account now.  congrats guys!
didn't take a pledge gift. does my $10 buy me any insight into who claudia frewin is? she's really excited. countdown excited.
congratulations zach, coco, the rest of your team and of course to all backers!!!! and now -  a speach, speach, speach...  ;)
congratulations at zach, and us, his fans :d
@noelia and everyone that will be present at the paris screening (if you manage to read this comment) we definitely need to get organize over the next year and a half to make sure we'll make this night a night to remember. hopefully we can make zach and the team to join us and party with us!!!!!!!!!! congrats to zach, coco, the team and each and every single backer in here that made this possible awesome
congrats!  this just got real!
finishing the champagne now, if i can still find he fridge, i started early ;)
it is on.
congrats! very exciting! :)
i just watched the countdown hit zero! so happy to be apart of this in some small way! so excited for this ride!
congratulations zach and team all the way from the united arab emirates. mabrouk!
wow you better get the drugs cabinet well stocked - zach will be signing and meeting and greeting like a crazy man...
appletini for everyone!!! :d
i finally pledged in the last 2 minutes of the campaign. i didn't want miss all the fun. congrats! :)
dude you better start doing hand exercises.....you got a lot of shit to sign lol :)
wahoo!
see you guys in boston
just awesome zach
is it sad that i just watched the timer count down to zero...? :d it's friday i suppose...  anyways, it's happening!!!
congrats! see you in rome!
we are totally de man
happy new ye... ehm, funding day: http://jovi-architecture.com/wish-i-was-here-end-of-kickstarter/
awesome moment !!!
and the rest is history. great job!
zach! zach! zach!.....
mission accomplished. backerscrew completed. ready to takeoff.
awesome. congrats. :)
zach!  alamo just opened a theatre here in northern virginia, how about screening here when the time comes.  i'll help set it up. congratulations on the successful kickstarter, oh and great job on howard stern show.
woohoo!!! :d
and it begins!
i'm so happy for you, zach -- for everyone. it's 5am in australia, and i'm sitting here with my eyes propped open so that i could see this happen. what a magical moment! goodnight, people. enjoy your day. x
supermegacalifragilistic-eagle
3 million you fucking genius!!!!
woo hoo,
nice job!
done!!!!!!!
yaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!
bam!
eagle!
3, 2, 1
5
we are so pretty :d lol
10
10, 9, 8,
new backers!  new backers now!!!
30 seconds!!!
you know shits getting real when the seconds start counting down!
50
hell yeah!!!! zachary!!!!!!! congratulations to you and us!!!!!!
1 berlin screening left...
75
wow
100
100 sec!
1
congratulation to zach and his team and all of his amazing backers...we did something cool here!
i must be behind a bit, claudia.  i still see 3 minutes!
can't wait to get my vinyl... :)
2
sitting here drinking champagne barbara haha, i'm a bit happy!!!
this looks so good! more than 46,000 backers, more than $3,1 million - wow!!!
3
:d claudia :d
4
4
5
6
7
i just donated 40! i love you zach you're a constant inspiration to us aspiring film makers!
8
11 mins to go !!! i wish i could pledge more money ! so close to your stretch goal! i can't wait for the next year, its gonna be great!
11 mins to go !!! i wish i could pledge more money ! so close to your stretch goal! i can't wait for the next year, its gonna be great!
that film making symposium is going to be pretty personal.  only 2 spots out of 10 taken.
so excited!!!!!
garden state was a cool film. great to be a small part in this production. confident that the finished film will be awesome.
....and counting!!!!
16 minutes !!!!!!!!!!!!! yihhhhhaaaaaaaaaa!!!! big eagle !!!!! i'm flying !!!!!!!!!! :d
it's cool to see people continuing to pour in to support this film, even in its last minutes!  welcome all you new backers!  thank you for supporting!
i can't even explain how much garden state means to me. if wish i was here is anything like it, i am down! i am so excited to be a part of this!!
three m, kudos & congrats. i bow in your direction. oh, you're over there? ok, adjusting.
heard you on howard. seem like a down to earth guy and i'd like to see what you do next. good luck!
meant fricking good (bloody spell checker)
@joscha - really frisking good!
yesssssss $3.1 million!!!!!!!
@joscha that. is. brilliant!
zach i am so excited to back this project, i have been a fan since 2004 when i first really started getting into scrubs (while in college). i contemplated backing for a while, but after listening to the howard stern interview and hearing how much of a passion directing is for you i knew i wanted to support you and your dream zach.
@zach oxley https://pbs.twimg.com/media/bkvo7akcaaav_c3.jpg:large :))
3.1 mil!
listen, money people...  i'm the one who told denzel to cry in "glory."  he said, "i'm not gonna cry."  i said, "denzel, if you cry it's an automatic oscar!  no tears, no oscar...  guess who cried in "glory."  ::'denzel' flashes on screen:: haha, the ks video still cracks me up one month later!
@noella - it's totally brilliant, let's enjoy the ride!
@claudia: yeah, i know. i'm excited now to follow the process and learn about filmmaking and the screening will serve as an extra cool finale. it's even a bit more special to make an awesome trip to another country. @francois: see you in paris next year! perhaps some of you guys living there should suggest a club we can all go to afterwards^^
garden state is my all-time favourite film so i'm more than happy to help fund more of your films. good luck zach, all the best!
i just joined the club and i'm so proud. when else can you say you helped to make a film with zach braff & co. i followed this project from the very beginning and loved seeing the number of backers and the amount of the money rising. would have pledged much earlier, but since i haven't got a job at the moment and trying to get into university in september money is quite tight, but in the end it was totally worth helping zach and his whole team out. i'm really looking forward to my t-shirt to show the world that i'm a member of the club!
zach & team just wanted to thank you guys for making this happen. can not believe we are now 46k+ strong. 3 mil, that should help. relax for a moment, what you have done is fab. great respect for you all. ok now, go make a bitchin movie!!! to all our backers, thank you all for believing in this as i do, without us this would not have happened. i feel connected to you all in a strange way...we are one. congrats all!
hi noella - it is really nice you are doing this and i totally get where you are coming from - when i signed up there wasn't a london meet & greet and i signed up for boston.  i'll be flying to america to have a drink with zach from probably about 200 metres away and watch a movie.  but i don't mind, i am all out backing this thing.
love your comment noelia, i think zach must be honored that you come from so far to come join us in paris! you're not alone, see u there!
i heard zach on howard stern the other day talking about his movie and kickstarter and everything sounded so cool, i decided to join in!  we eat ribs wit dat dude!  big fan.
i too upped my pledge today from a 20$ playlist to 200$ screenings in paris. yes, i will actually take a friend and fly from sweden to paris just to see a movie (!), the reason for this is the genuine passion for this project shown by zach and his team. sure, i liked garden state and i thought it would be fun to join and get a few playlists now and then but the recent interviews and updates have convinced me that this is a project i actually want to be a part of and follow for real. i know i'm not alone feeling this way so awesome job team! we all have a year and a half of great fun ahead!
@jordan: there is 1 vinyl left again at the moment.
feels so great to be a part of this! to be able to say i was part of this. make me proud, braff!
zach i just missed upping my pledge for the vinyl.  can you bump up the run to 1200?
still though - i have not spent nearly as much on them as on this...
lucille - so have i - three indie uk projects!! it is cool isn't it?
the great thing about zachs ks project is that a lot of us who have never viewed this site before are investing in other great projects..i myself have chosen to back three other projects here.  if you look at the list of backersbmany of he people have backed numerous others.  they ask zachs for the ok.
i can't really fathom the people coming here thinking we have any spare cash after the 45k of us raised over $3 million for wish i was here,..
i received permission before posting this, as i didn't want to spam. i have a cool video game project here that i'd like to ask you all to back. dungeon of elements is an rpg dungeon crawler with combat inspired by dr. mario and tetris. http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/frogdice/dungeon-of-elements the game will deliver to backers in july 2013, so you don't have to wait long. we had a great first few  days (already 60% funded). we'd love to have you as a backer!
if anyone is looking for a new project to back lances brewery tour it is about austim and beer. this the second try to get his project funded. please check it out heart warming story.
zach, congrats on $3 million! everyone, check this out: http://news.yahoo.com/zach-braff-taught-crowdfunding-woody-allen-liked-232828667.html
dear zach, my name is noelle. i am brigid roberts-mok mum. i have just spent the last 4 hours listening to a very determined teenager begging me to pledge $185 to a cause she believed strongly in. i am a big fan of "indie"movies, despite having to scrape the bottom of the jar of my saving for this well deserved fund, i will do it for it has been a while since i last saw such deep passion on a subject in my beautiful girl's face. i thank you for your intelligent and making this an honest world towards our future for the next generation of youngster. yours sincerely, noelle (single mum)
@reese thanks!
http://www.youtube.com/watch…
can we found the interview on stern in youtube or smth? anybody knows?
woop ! i have joined the club :d
hey @zach. great interview on stern, which is what brought me here and convinced me to pledge. really excited about the project. best of luck with everything. looks like you're already having a great time!
donald faison's character should be named turk, for old times sake!
i really, really, hope that rowdy makes an appearance in the movie.
just upped my pledge!
just doubled my pledge :) can't wait to see what colin and zach come up with for their t-shirt design!
oy a slowdown...zach time for another fabulous song sung by you...bet those numbers will move on up!
@zach any chance of a preview screening in dublin? just a hop over from the london one ;-)
yes @grant a lot of us have upped our early pledges from the first couple of days  of the campaign...it's heartwarming and exciting.  come on zach's backers how high can we push the $$$ amount up before we reach even45,000 backers.   woudn't it be amazing if enough of us upped just ten or twenty more, how close to 3.5 can we get??
amazing job everybody! 3m and growing! many people have upped their pledge too -- zach's fans are as loyal as they come.
hi zach, coco and thousands of new  zach backer's friends....so very happy for all of us.   woke up here on  east coast to see 3 mil plus! woo hoo, let's keep it going!!
@paolo, you can create a second kickstarter account and select the other reward so exited to be part of this project - checking the site several times a day!!!  good luck, zach, and thanks for the song that made my day!
@coco , i'd like to get both signed prints and rome film screening , how can i select both?
@coco dont you sleep?! we love you too :)
just finished work & saw we've passed 3 million and counting!!! well done everyone :) so so so exciting!!!!
3 million woohoo!! may be in the last few hours, we can muster another 500 grand! may be we will reach the 3.5 million mark! cool! :d let's do it!
@ryan maybe a thank you card signed by zach? poor dude that d make another 45 k things to sign ^^
great list of rewards you wrangled here; now go make your uncompromisingly great film!
@zach we should get a special present for getting to 3 mil
even though the amount i pledged was meager, it feels great to be part of something big! also- turk and jd. enough said!!! go team!!!!! :)
just wanted to drop by to say thank you all for helping us reach another milestone! we love you! coco
just upped my pledge from 40. have been going back and forth the last few days between the director's chair back or the vinyl, went for the vinyl, wish i could do both. still dope though. don't listen to the haters, just do your thing. thanks for taking us all on the ride. peace, love and good music. xo.
i'm in buddy!
and no sign of it stopping anytime soon...
whoohoo !!!! over 3,000,000 $ .... amazing !!!!
any minute now.... this campaign is about to pass the 3m mark!
9500 people have pledged for the t shirt reward! and i'm not counting the ones that ll get it as part of an upper reward!  i think zach just successsfully launched a t shirt making company ^^
heyy!! someone just un-donated $10. don't thik i didn't see that.
omg only 90 limited edition vinyl left!! =)
i realllly really wish there was another la screening w/ q&a! i'm feeling super excited now and would totally give more if that was an option. but i'm just so thrilled this is happening at all. i feel like i'm really a part of this film with you. thanks for the opportunity, honestly. i'm such a huge fan & to be able to help you create this film without (much) compromise is a gift. because now i'll get to see it. :d  haha
so many people have joined in the last few days! didn't expect this surge of support at the end. it's so exciting!!
i'm hoping to see 3mil by the time i finish work today, which is in about 1.5 hours. then i wont see the total again until it's over when i wake up in the morning. 3.2 maybe total?
yes us across the channel will get it finished and make the 3 million, don't worry and i promise i'll make up what ever is missing at the end. i promise.
looks like the time zones out of the u.s. will push us over 3 million...getting late.
oh c'mon guys, we'll make the $3m - easy
@matthew - none taken - i agree its a great cast already, and this is exciting!
isn't it amazing dear zach backer friends how excited we all are.  zach mentioned that in one of his interviews...the community this project would engender.
@nikki - and i meant no disrespect with that comment. i'm just excited.
@nikki - how many more great actors do you need? zach braff, kate hudson, jim parsons...etc. it's already a great cast.
@ryan - i'm telling myself that the stretch goals are even higher production values, and more great actors.
@ryan.. cool and ditto!
if we could just get to 3 million it would be great because that means there will be 1 million over the goal. its shame there aren't any stretch goals
@lucille its completely fine. i am extremely excited for this project and cant wait to get my t-shirt
@ryan..i know you are right...i guess my enthusiasm is just overflowing,  your 50 and anyone's pledge is fantastic.  zach and we backers have already achieved the goal! i added to my pledge somewhat as a birthday present to myself...the whole process is just making me happy.  if am being too pushy, i am sorry.
@nikki...my sentiments exactly! i cannot take my eyes away from this page.  zach, by reaching out to us has created a beautiful thing here.  films being made the way the artist sees it and with characters and script that we can relate to.  the feelings and joy in blue skies is a perfect representation of the joy and solidarity and friendship among his backers.  happiness!
i consider myself a "manly man", but garden state brought a tear to my eye. zach is an amazing writer/director. no doubt they'll get to 3.5m.
@lucille. i pledged $50 and for the other people who have placed similar amounts. $10 is alot considering you arsking us to up our pledge by 20% with no real incentive .
@lucille - i love zach's blue skies... and now i'm glued to this page as the numbers tick upwards! now i'm wondering if 3.5m is possible within the 14 hours, though i'm sure i'll manage to somehow drag myself away after 3m is reached.  i'm very happy to be doing my little bit to help this movie be made.
@ryan..haha think bigger i still thing it's possible to get closer to 3.5 ...just up our pledges another ten or twenty!!
come on we can hit 3 million guys
@nikki.-- yay, thanks for upping your pledge ...i was compelled to do so today...then zach rewarded me with our thank you in his version of blue skies..it made me smile for an gour...so happy as i have been since i joined this group of fabulous zach backers. kind of you tell me...made my evening!
@lucille - you convinced me... just upped my pledge.  really want to see all those 0s over there on the right.
glad to be a backer. can't wait to see you guys on set.
if only they made the trip to australia / new zealand :( i would have thrown my entire bank account at a meet and greet down here!
yay...keep it going friends!
am i greedy, now we are nearing 44,000 backers...but i want at least 45,000.  we may not be able to hit 3.5...but if we just each add another ten dollars to our pledge friends it's still a possibility!  it would be such a sweet ending to this fantastic month.
hey zach, it would be just so swell if you could add just one more toronto screening ticket to buy! puhleeze!
i received permission before posting this, as i didn't want to spam. i have a cool video game project here that i'd like to ask you all to back. dungeon of elements is an rpg dungeon crawler with combat inspired by dr. mario and tetris. http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/frogdice/dungeon-of-elements the game will deliver to backers in july 2013, so you don't have to wait long. we had a great first few days (already 60% funded). we'd love to have you as a backer!
i am a huge fan of yours and love everything about garden state. hands down the best movie soundtrack of all time. i can't wait to see this movie and see how you define your 30s as beautifully as you did your 20s.
congratulations zach!
i just noticed that in the intro video zach is wearing blue and donald is wearing green ... just like in scrubs!
i am so delighted that this is happening! i fell in love with garden state (and not only because its where i live) and i can't wait to fall in love with yet another braff movie! i know you will do great things, zach.  with all the excitement i contain,  happy filming my fellow jerseyan (totes a word).
i'm in. beyond excited about this project.
i am so excited for this new project. i am a big scrubs & garden state fan.  lastly, i love that you chose the name "aidan" as that is my son's name!  best of luck :)
so happy this project is going to happen zach! i pledged the day you started and now 17 hours to go, i felt i needed to up my pledge a lot more because that's how much i believe in this film :-) can't wait to hear more about how it comes along! best of luck and wishes to you and to the entire cast and crew <3 eaaaaaaaaaagle!
can't wait! super excited :)
heard you on howard this morning and had to back such a cool cat.  if you support howard, we'll support you.  #beetle #asbadascan
i heard you on howard stern & that's what made me decide to put $150 towards your project.  i think your pretty damn funny & i hope your success with this thing shuts up all the retards that are against what your doing.
so happy my wife and i snagged the last la premiere tickets!
keep up the good work zach and please bring a screening to dublin ireland.. we love you here :)
oh zack, you've always had me at hello. if you keep this active with your updates, backing this project is a steal.
it's all good and adding up!
brett, me too. i wish this ended next month. i'd have been able to give a bit more.
bravo!
pledge increased.....$3mm is in sight.
hey zach! congrats on making your goal! my nyc comedy group wrote a video letter to you...it's silly i hope you like i! i would love if you could watch it. help us!  http://www.funnyordie.com/videos/dbf70215f1/we-re-sorry-zach-braff
damn it, i decided i want the backer t-shirt after all, so i upped my pledge. so shut up and take my money! ps: keep the change you filthy animal.
hi zach and all my fellow members of this fabulous ks backer's club:  i backed this project back on day 3, but was just motivated to up my pledge because i am so excited about this film that zach  will make and about this process.  consider just upping your pledge by ten or twenty dollars.  also, let's hope more of his 1.3 million fb friends will join this party!  good luck..20 hours to go.
oh holy mothers only 135 of the limited edition vinyl left - go get them =)
@zach sup newb =) great to see your army of nerds is raking this $3mio+ in. cannot wait to feel, touch *jikes* and smell more of i wish i was here ps: gratz on dingage !!!1"!"!"122!" pps: lacking social distortion on soundtrack, but yeah you are a pussy, right?!
i just upped my pledge. i hope everyone does the same. zach can you tell us your bum from the stern show. i just upped mine and im a donator from that interview. loved your explanation video
i wish u good luck zach for this project.
hi there. there is another kickstarter movie by an award winning author (and with a role for neil gaiman) being made, i though that maybe people here would like to help. it is only asking for 50.000, but it would be really nice to see ot reach at least 200.000. http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2126085206/blood-kiss
we can still make 3.5 if everyone up there palge by $14 or more or  get a frend to back $20 or more  god luck in the next 22h
welcome nr. 43.000 :)
43k!
ok, who bought the last london ticket?! bought the penultimate one and quickly went to get the last and somebody had already made off with it...well played haha!
check this song out! i think it's right up your alley, zach: http://deepelmdigital.com/track/storms-3 proud to be a part of this movie and can't wait to see the final product. i have full faith it's going to be an incredible follow up to one of my favorite movies of all time.
please consider this amazing idea by laura marie: "idea:  i'm so looking forward to all of the videos, updates, and other behind the scenes features we are going to be receiving as this movie kicks off. i love feeling so involved and really getting a feel for the whole indie movie making process.  it would be super cool if you could somehow take all the videos and exclusive backer footage and information, and put it all on a type of dvd or maybe just a digital download that will sum up this whole endeavor. years from now, instead of saying, "hey, remember that movie we made?" i would love to say, "hey, check this out, let's watch this, i helped make this happen!" maybe a dvd for anyone who paid over 100$ and digital copy for everyone below that mark. just an idea. hope it fits into the budget, i want to look back on this!" this is exactly what i'd love to see at the end of this journey! except of course the final movie in berlin ;) i just want to be able to keep these specials, to re-watch them in a few years and remember how much fun i had with this project! greets from germany!
congratulations to zach and all of his backers!  so close to 3 million!   if any prospective backers are interested in another fun indie project, please check out:  http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/627378769/please-wait-to-be-seated remember, 10 years ago mr. braff made 'garden state' because of a generous donor.  maybe you can help us carry on the independent film tradition!
thanks to the guy who just pledge for the name a character reward we're very close to hit $3 millions!  can't wait to hear the name chosen for that child btw!
petr - they've only raised 5.65% of the $10,000 goal on the "don't back zach" campaign on indiegogo, whereas we have raised 144.95495% of the $2,000,000 goal.  they have 17 funders, we have 42,853 backers.  we have 2520.76 times the number of supporters than they do.  we passed the $2,000,000 mark in 3 days.  it's taken them 25 days to get over $565.  the average backer for "wish i was here" has contributed$ 67.65 and the average funder has contributed $33.23.  i think we can safely say what the majority of the popluation wants.  (all these numbers have changed for wiwh since i began typing)
zach, sign the vinyl and it is guaranteed to sell out before the end of the campaign. just a thought for some last minute cash to help the cause. i'd up my bid again if i knew the record was going to be signed.
zach, when i first heard about this project, i was excited to hear that you were doing something creative and new.  i hadn't heard much about you for a couple years, and when i saw the video, it seemed like a genuine plea to do something special with a little help from your friends (ie. your fans).  i got caught up with the excitement of seeing familiar faces of people that i truly enjoy to watch on the big/silver screen. but then this thing kind of spun out of control... a lot of us pledged to get to the two million you asked for -- and you got there, at a record pace.  you could have stopped then and there.  "thank you everyone!  you're amazing.  you've made this possible!" but you didn't.  and now you're asking the digital community to hit $3.5 million...?  i understand all these tiers you keep setting and the incentives along the way, but all you're really offering is merchandising products (for the most part).  if the movie is any good, and the soundtrack is on-par with garden state, aren't people going to buy it anyway? you seem like a great guy -- that's why we're all so enthusiastic to help you.  but personally, i think your reach has exceeded your grasp of what's right. just wanted to let you know – and wish you all the best.
yeah, what laura said!  :)
that anti-campaign some people tried against you guys is so sad... :(
laura i agree and think that's a wonderful idea!!!!
also, for any who haven't already seen it, this is a great video of zach talking about kickstarter http://www.youtube.com/watch…
laura, awesome idea! having all the footage in one place for reviewing purposes would be great. hell, it looks like enough content is going to be generated that someone could condense the footage into a few hours worth, throw in some narration here and there, and make a full fledged companion documentary. actually, if i have the time in a year and half, i may just have to try that...
great idea laura!! that would be very cool!
oops. super cool if you could somehow take all the videos and exclusive backer footage and information, and put it all on a type of dvd or maybe just a digital download that will sum up this whole endeavor. years from now, instead of saying, "hey, remember that movie we made?"  i would love to say, "hey, check this out, let's watch this, i helped make this happen!" it could be a dvd for anyone who paid over 100$ and digital copy for everyone below that mark. just an idea. hope it fits into the budget, i want to look back on this!
idea: i'm so looking forward to all of the videos, updates, and other behind the scenes features we are going to be receiving as this movie kicks off. i love feeling so involved and really getting a feel for the whole indie movie making process. it would be super
hey zach, for those of us who pledged to get the 20 second video from you, when should we expect that? i wanted to do something special for a wedding for two of my best friends and its in september of this year, so i was curious if we would be receiving those before then. thanks for making this so awesome. ~vinny
heard you on stern.  easy decision....best use of cash in some time.
hey zach (mr. braff). just heard you on howard. great interview. i wanted to pay it forward and donate to your film. i am also finishing up a film (short film). search for "eggman" if you're interested. thank you! victor
alessandra go to manage your pledge in this page and follow through it will easily to just click on rome for your reward and that will automatically move you from london.
zach - heard you on stern.  i am headed to austin and can't wait to see you there.
@ alessandra de rosa: puoi cambiare il tuo reward se clicchi su "manage your pledge". hai tempo fino a che il progetto non viene chiuso, quindi 26 ore!! :) i hope this information is useful :)
so glad to be backing this film. if you do come to louisiana let me know, we'd be happy to let y'all sleep on our couches/floors, and if you're interested, give you tours of stennis and michoud (the two nasa centers near new orleans where my wife and i work).
i have booked for the screening and q&a in london, but i'm actually from rome (even if i live in dublin!). therefore, it'll be easier for me to come to rome (and not paying for the accommodation as i'll stay at my parent's place!) is there a way i could change this? thanks!!
find the grammatical/spelling errors in my post!  i'll help:  directors chair*** | your*** money i'm usually the grammar nazi.  can't believe i let those ones slip by!
@kelly jobes - you should have received (an) email(s) from amazon confirming the pledge(s) you made.  i'm sure you know this, but you will have had to set up a kickstarter account with three different email addresses in order to get three different rewards.  each higher pledge encompasses the one(s) below it up until you get to the specific advanced screenings/q&a ($100 level), at which point, you will receive all but the director's char back.  from there, things get a bit mixed up.  you should sign in with each of your ks accounts and check the right side.  the reward you selected will be outlined in green and will say "you selected", noting which one you picked for that specific account.  hope this helps.  you're money will be pulled from your bank account at 2:00 pm (cdt) on 5/24.
just trying to check that all three of my pledges went through. i wanted two for the boston meet & greet (so four tickets total). the email i received was a little unclear. can someone get back to me?
two hundred large to help speed you on your creative way, i am in.
hey guys,  my name is juan carlos mendoza, i'm an independent film producer who really wants to direct his first film project.  last summer, i began working on a script for a story i had wanted to tell for quite sometime.  shelby and the bread factory is a crime drama, short film about shelby, a criminal, trying to choose between his criminal life and the love of his life. when shelby is involved in an armed robbery gone wrong, he must make his decision a lot faster than expected. this story is filled with love, revenge, greed and an american dream gone wrong. i have a campaign on kickstarter which is 62% and we only have 4 days left.  if you think you might like this type of story, please take a look at our campaign!  i thank you in advance http://kck.st/y55pmr
so glad i was able to sneak into the advance screening for two, was in the for one for weeks but kept checking daily for a spot to open.  can't wait to see this wonderful film!
37 hours !!!!
hey zach haters.  don't tell me who to like, what to hate and how to spend my own money.  don't tell me i'm stupid to invest in a business with no return.  i'm getting return.  fk...off.   here's a thought "hollywood movie/money/moguls" are looking stupid in all this.  they can't pick films.  they don't understand fans.  maybe they are "behind" all this jealousy.  anyways, looking forward to "being in" on the making of this movie.  go zack.
i am soooooo excited for this project. i can't wait. big love to zach!!!!
i'm glad i heard about your project on howard's show. i was listening to the podcast today, and i'm happy that i didn't miss the deadline.
i received permission before posting this, as i didn't want to spam. i have a cool video game project here that i'd like to ask you all to back. dungeon of elements is an rpg dungeon crawler with combat inspired by dr. mario and tetris. it is a very unique mashup of styles that comes together in a very cool game. the game will deliver to backers in july 2013, so you don't have to wait long. http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/frogdice/dungeon-of-elements we had a great first few days (already 60% funded), but want to really expand the community of people involved. so please give it a look and we'd love to have you as a backer:
39 hours to go :( comonnnnnn 3 million!
was hoping for a calgary screening. doesn't look like it's going to happen.  :(
greetings, mr. braff. i am pleased to be a very small part of this mission. i would like to offer up a suggestion for the soundtrack. i recently saw the dodos in concert here at the space in evanston and while talking to the guys after the show i sort of, kind of promised them i would get them a movie soundtrack. so, if you could at least get one their songs into your movie and onto the soundtrack, it might go a long way toward helping me avoid a law suit. besides, the dodos are awesome! and, being extremely cool yourself and leading the way for all things cutting-edge, i assume you are already aware of the band. so, thanks for your time. i have no doubt you will make another fabulous film. take care.
... i wish there were spots open for the berlin reward tier though. too late to the party. oh, well, there are 2 left.. but i simply cannot pledge $600, hehe.
hey zach! i have a lot of respect for you and what you're doing with this campaign, and i'm proud to be a backer.  would love if you would check out my kickstarter that i recently launched to fund a season 2 of my online comedy series my gimpy life (which is loosely based on my life). http://kck.st/12aq8wp thanks and best wishes! teal
i'm so happy i found this before it ends. all the best for the project, zach. i loved garden state and i am really looking forward to your new project.
@ryan: after the project has ended, zach and his team will most likely send out a survey via kickstarter, in which you will specify the design and size of your shirt. on another note some more music suggestions/tips: hellogoodbye - the thoughts that give me the creeps, paper lions - travelling and liam and me in general. you can check out their album at www.liamandme.com
can't wait for this. the storyboard had a blonde in the role for sarah. it would be great to see you and sarah chalke back on the screen together. some of the best on screen chemistry i've ever seen
hay i did the one where you get the t-shirt. how will they know hat size to send me t
i agree with beth.  if this stretch goal is to be met, the deal has to be sweetened somehow.  i am hopeful that it will make it to 3 million without extra help, but it seems unlikely to hit 3.5 mil as it sits (unfortunately).  i hope to be proven wrong, though!
now that the cast has been named, maybe they would be willing to do voice messages to help reach the new goal?? ^_^
happy 18th ryan!
i pledged on behalf of my son who turns 18 today. aspiring filmmaker and zach fan. attending film school in boston in september, so my gift to him is a pledge in his name. he'll love the advance screening in boston, and especially (i bet) the production diary. this is his account, so he'll (ryan shaw) take it from here. good luck zach!
wish i could back more than $30 but i just don't have the money. this movie is going to be amazing and i'm so proud to have been a part of it! zach, you are one of my inspirations in life; thank you for everything you have done that has made me believe in myself.
this could change movie making.  i am happy to give u creative freedom to do thos project the way u want.  the last thing i need to see is another michael bay hollywood peice of trash in my local theater!
50 hours before the incredible and awesome experience...
the hooch made me pledge...
just upped my pledge! i really belive in this movie!
dear zach, wishing you all luck, i'm looking forward to getting the updates on the production activities, and see the film. great initiative, just keep bringing great projects to this space, it is a great opportunity to all, you rock!!! dear coco, thank you for letting me know that it was ok to post about my own fundraising project here. i really appreciate it, my fundraising campaign is not doing well and we really need all help we can get: so, for those who are available to support a short film about the impact of hiv/aids on women (based on real events) please check my campaign link below ... production information, my background, photos, video are all there ... i am also available to respond to any questions about the film and the aids cause (i'm a public health professional and filmmaker) we really need help, it can be in form of donations (the perks are awesome) and/or spreading the word. thank you very much.  siglia http://www.indiegogo.com/projects/short-film-christie-the-impact-of-aids-on-women-and-families/x/644248
2 days left! there's a push to get #wishiwashere trending on twitter. see the fb page post: http://on.fb.me/12mxycf
@michal: i asked the same question to coco. basically the best way is to create another account where you pledge for the director chair this time.
hi coco and zach, i am getting signed movie poster,  but i would love to get the movie chair as well. is there any chance to do this and if yes how much extra would it be on top of my movie poster pledge.??  ps:   almost forgot zach you are awesome and this is so f$@#*!£ exiting...., can't wait for the movie.
now heading for the last 34h. turn based strategy game, check out jagged alliance: flashback http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2079547763/jagged-alliance-flashback
amazed. big things to the entire crew. wishing the best of luck and looking forward to seeing the finished project. @ggoodei
so wish i could up my pledge but i've spread the word to everyone i can and hoping the song i've written https://soundcloud.com/clarekennedy/song-for-zach-wish-i-was-here might encourage people to back zach and co...fingers crossed they hit their target...guess if you don't ask you don't get!
just upped my pledge! everyone is mentioning garden state, but i also love some scrubs episode you directed. you did really well in my last chance - and why isnt heather graham on the cast? ;)
zach,  after hearing you on the howard stern show with howard & the gang today, i came to kick starter for the first time after deciding to back your project.  loved what you had to say on the show and appreciate your work & what you are trying to do.  happy to be even a very small part of this historic and amazing project.  fun stuff!  thanks for the opportunity and please go back on howard to update & promote the project.
looking forward to see donald faison and zach back together. upped my pledge for guy love... and the chair back. where can i get me a chair to put it on?
good luck zach and friends. i've backed this as i really want to see this independent (of the movie studios) movie business model succeed. i'm sick of going to see hollywood films that should be good, but that have so obviously been interfered with by people with no creative vision! go!
zach i loved hearing you on howard, i am a huge fan of you both!! garden state changed my life and i am super stoked for wish i was here and my softer than a kittens taint tee :d
upped my donation from $10 to $30. i hope others will do the same.
i know i'm a bit late and the topic has changed but i kept forgetting to come here and mention that i would love to see anna burden, the girl who did the original "cups" video, on the soundtrack. that girl can sing! maybe even get both annas to do a duet! if you haven't seen her version yet, here's the link: https://www.youtube.com/watch… that being said, man, i can't wait for this. garden state holds a special place in my heart and i'm reserving a spot for this one too!
oh, sorry. that is what i thought you were insinuating. well you could always ask if he'd sign something for you? haha. that's not as bad then haha. hopefully you're still putting into a lower tier though ;)
oh i am not backing out because of that. lol but i see how you would think that though lol but for some reason why i got it i thought id actually get to meet him and maybe get his autograph but after thinking about it i realized after the movie and q&a there will be no extra time. i dont have any questions to ask either lol
just upped my pledge... getting the t-shirt now!
i figured it out if every backer upped their pledge by $18 we could hit that stretch goal of 3.5 million :)
@elysia 6mil gets zach enough to make the film, with a few things left out due to costs. he's asking for more money from us so that he can add in stuff that is more expensive, but costs more to implement. don't think that he's asking for more just so he can pocket the money himself. he wasn't rude. i'm sure if this was the final amount of the campaign, he'd still be just as thankful as with 3.5 mil. if you backed $200 you must have been pretty excited about the film. you can back out if you want, but i don';t know why you'd have such a big change of heart, just out of zach asking for more money (which in likelihood this campaign would've got anyway). i think you should stick with us though :)
i'm upgrading to £20 because i want to hear the playlists ^_^
zach: awesome appearance on howard today...from one super fan to another and as a jersey girl, i'm happy to support your project. i will wear my t-shirt proudly......best of luck and i look forward to receiving your production diary in the near future.
i just increased my bid again and i hope we meet the stretch target.  i am backing this project by zach and any future projects he wants to work on.
i'm honored to be part of this too.  thank you so much zach for taking this to the fans and hopefully you don't pay too much attention to the naysayers.
my son said, "you hafta give him more money. this is gonna be a great movie if you help."  so, i upped my pledge.  now, i want a t-shirt that *proclaims* that i backed the movie.
@taylor what happened to a company financing the rest? right cause he would have to pay that stuff back so he will make more money if he gets more from us rather than the financing. and he said he is putting a lot of his own money. no matter what it was rude. he said he needed 2 mil to make his movie and the rest was coming from the other 2 sources. now he is saying he needs more from us
@jonathan you can make a second kickstarter profile and use the same amazon account to get two different tiers
posted this under the update comment but i will post it here as well.. all he is saying is to share this with your friends to get more people involved and then what this extra money will go towards if it is raised. you are taking it out of context. 2 million is a, for lack of a better word, minimum goal. the actual money goal was always more than that.  in other words.... if 2 million is raised, a movie will be made. we can do more with the movie if we can raise around 3.5 million. that is all it is saying. we are paying for a behind-the-scenes view of how movies are made. he is telling you, as a backer, that if we raise around 3.5 million we can do this, this and something else that couldn't happen if we stay at where we are at now (2.7 mil). it's a business.  i'm not saying he is going to but if this project ends up short of 3.5 million i am sure he will make up the money that is short of his goal. not really anything to complain about, he is giving you his vision and what it will take to get there. i'm sorry you feel this is a reason to back out but thankfully it is our choice what to do with our money. i am honored to be part of this project. we all get to see zach braff's complete idea of this movie, from start to finish. that is cool, no matter how big the movie.
mr. braff i am so excited i get to be a part of this project!  i 100% back you on this and anything you do. after garden state, a movie that has touched and moved me so many times, i am happy and privileged to back this project. i wish it could of been more but like i said just happy to be involved. thank you.
upped my pledge from the nyc screening to the meet & greet and screening! so excited!! love all of your work zach! and you and donald faison make the best team ever! :)
i really wish i could pledge for two items. i got the soundtrack on vinyl but i also really want the backers chair.
i just increased my pledge.  i hope it helps.
just listened to you on the howard stern replay, i enjoyed the show you seem like a smart, down to earth guy, so i pledged what i could. good luck
@tom. totally agree. a bit perplexed myself.
zach, would it be possible to have an screening in barcelona? even if it's after the kickstarter campaign is over, it would be great to have you here! :)
can you amazing people please have a look at this project http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1617416257/z-4 it would be amazing if some of you guys could support this movie as well.
i'd throw down a few more $$ for the premiere after-party invite ... (missed the $1000 levels.)
not going to lie. think the last update was pretty poorly worded. now we need to reach 3.5mil to get those things added into the film? we were sold the idea that 2mil was going to help to get these things. saying 3 days before the finish that you want to raise another 0.8mil to get those features in the film is silly.
i really don't think we can hit the $3.5m goal, even $3m will be hard. i dare you to prove me wrong.
upped my pledge from $40 to $60 because i believe in this movie and the determination of zb and the rest of the crew.  i sincerely hope you hit your goal!
just updated my pledge from $20 to $50! i *really* can't go any higher now. :(
found this on buzzfeed today, zach. totally agree, you and donald give the world an incredibly high standard for relationships. hope we reach 3.5 mill! http://www.buzzfeed.com/erinchack/reasons-your-romantic-relationship-will-never-compare-to-jd
if anybody wants a toronto screening i will e releasing a 200 one. gonna give it a bit so other people have a chance to see it
when did jim parsons get added to the cast? this is one i'm really excited about. did i miss the announcement email?
film slate or director's chair. that's exactly the type of gimmicks interesting enough. how about costumes and props? or at least the same t-shrits as the main characters in the movie, etc. (the whole get closer to zach when you pay more strategy doesn't work on me, i simply don't see why i should. e.g. i love terry pratchett, but do i want to ever meet him or shake his hand, no, because i don't know him. same with zach, sorry.)
@coco, with this new $75 reward, "director chair back", do we get it as well if we have pledge more, like an advance screening?
3 days to go :) https://pbs.twimg.com/media/bkzllqrcuaabyzc.jpg:large
awesome! congrats on the success of this campaign! now to stay true to what you all say, here are a couple worthwhile projects with a purpose created by some nobodies. check them out and maybe help them out... they can use some opened doors and extended attention. thanks! http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/anc/kicking-off-the-short-to-a-bigger-picture-falling http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1505463974/the-free-body-film…
in case you missed it, "zach braff kickstarter is a good thing, because science!": http://bloodthirstycomic.com/…
and to the naysayers: no one i know would have any clue of what kickstarter is if not for the famous people doing kickstarters. want to know how you got that random contributor who just happened to be on kickstarter? they're here because of campaigns like this one.
@zach, i share the same opinion as many others here in relation to supporting your initiative. i also reiterate a previous post where i made a comment that whenever a well-known person, like yourself, develops a worthwhile project and involve others in this endeavor, a shift occurs in perspective and everyone benefits somehow. in addition, your celebrity status brings attention to the indie work done outside the spotlight, and doors open for networking & opportunities. hope you and others keep pursuing this kind of initiative regardless of any criticism which for me comes from lack of vision by some people. good luck, i'm looking forward to the production updates for the next months and finally, the film. siglia
zach,  i heard about this project on my way to work this morning listening to stern.  great job explaining the value of this type of crowd funding. can't wait for the project to get completed.
@zach: honestly i just donated so that i could give you a note of encouragement to you being here on kickstarter. the more celebrities that land here the more legitimacy (and eyeballs) that will land on the site, which is awesome for everyone! any "real indy" who wants to throw stones should maybe take a step back and look at what fundraising was created for in the first place and check their own moral compass. any of us who are fundraising for non philanthropic reasons certainly can't throw stones at someone else who isn't fundraising solely for non philanthropic reasons, regardless of station. you being here is great for all of us "real indies". can't wait for the film! all the best!
great interview on stern zach !!!
@zach you crushed it on stern! almost an hour and a half. well done sir. i anticipate a significant bump in backers today. time to celebrate in howard's hot-tub again! haha @clare, very nice work. :)
great appearance on stern! i can't imagine this film being anything less then awesome. your hilarious and you have great taste when it comes to music.
also backing project after hearing zach on stern.
glad to back to this project. zach sucked me listening to him on stern!
thanks francois!
i'm officially a back of this project! i can't wait to see what zach has in stored for us! in the meantime, my band is trying to raise $15,120 in 30 days. we've gotten over $7,000 in a little over a week. check out our cool video and help out if you can! http://kck.st/ztxf9f ~nyse carter
very beautiful voice clare!
thanks susi, that's so sweet of you to say! glad you like it :)
gorgeous song clare! aren't you clever!
well it took me a couple of hours start to finish but here is my wish i was here inspired song... i've called it song for zach...so, zach if your listening this one is for you... https://soundcloud.com/clarekennedy/song-for-zach-wish-i-was-here clare x
http://youtu.be/4bqgioaolhq  oops, missed up the link! enjoy!
hey zach, so happy to be backing wish i was here...diggin the beatboxing ;) short story long i've always written songs about being kinda lost and overwhelmed in my 20's but in a year i'll be hitting 30 and since marrying and having my daughter i frame those angsty feelings differently now...here's a song i wrote recently that kick started that theme...http://youtu.be/4bqgioaolhq i'm writing a song today especially for wish i was here as it's really inspired me to think about life in the here and now and how to dream in my knew place! ps hello to all the other amazing backers, it's great to be part of the club!! clare x
was just wondering if you're considering some role for the brilliant micheal weston who was so fantastic in his small role in garden state? i absolutely love his work and became a fan of him because you cast him in the last movie.
huge zach fan, scrubs, garden state and this whole phenominal ks campaign.  i am in love with this group and enjoying every moment and look forward to the next year and a half..plus all the otherbks projects i have backed because of zb. loved all the casting..although at first was taken aback by the choice of kate hudson..always loved her mom..her somewhat less so.  then zb reminded me of her almost famous performance and i enjoyed her in skeleton key..but a lot of the silly rom-com stuff with matthew mcconnaghy turned me off to her.  i do think she has it in her to turn in a great performance with the wonderful writing of zach and his direction ...this can remake her career.
my wife was about to divorce me for backing. but then kate hudson saved my marriage.  thanks zb!
woah, when worlds collide... i just made some howard stern references in the comments yesterday (i know he's a fan) and today zach announced he's going to be on howard's show. not that you need it, but my best advice -- just be brutally honest. if howard asks a question you can't answer (past relationships), just tell him specifically and honestly why you can't (ie,, current girlfriend is listening, publicist will kill you etc.) honesty and a good sense of humor goes a long way with howard. you'll do great, look forward to listening to it tomorrow! also, a quick suggestion/idea: i'd love a weekly or biweekly "wish i was here" podcast. even if they were only 5-10 mins each, podcasts are great entertainment for filling downtime.
when i first stumbled upon this project on day one, i thought to myself, my gosh, that's a lot of zeros! less than 30 days later the project has surpassed the goal all because of the contributions of people from around the world. way to keep the creative vision in the minds of the artists. with an all star cast, an original script, and a killer soundtrack (oh and can't forget about the the flying droid too)  i can't wait to see this movie come alive. good luck to zach, the cast and the crew!
40k happy dance
thank you julien ;) very nice post, we're lucky to have you as part of this club!
[tl;dr: a summary of the 2430 first comments in this page] hi all, yesterday, i was seriously pissed and wanted to write a hard text against spammers and haters in this page. to document my post, i browsed the 2400+ comments here. when i ended, i realized that there was in fact so few of these bad comments that it was useless to highlight them. someone is not ok with the project? someone posted 5 times about his project? too bad. but there are 20 times more comments by fantastic fans, speaking of the movie, their lives, their likes, proposing music, etc!! like grant stolk said, "it's best to just to ignore negativity". the most common and the most singular (positive) topics i found in those comments are... garden state changed my life: it's true for me, and i am so happy not to be alone thinking this anymore. some of the comments are warming my heart or are even pulling tears from me. music suggestions: i listened every tune you proposed when a direct link was available. zach, i if you didn't do it, you missed some great music for the movie (or just for your mp3 collection...). zach/garden state/wiwh fans:  - a fan launched a subscription to get $2500, so she could back the project at the $2500 level. that's amazing :)  - (i think that it failed or was canceled... but it stays cool).  - many wonderful fan-art.  - wiwh/zach themed video... about another ks project!  - girl demanding to add a "date zach reward".  - bromances proposals for zach.  - facebook fan pages.  - facebook pages to meet other fans before the screenings. scrubs fans:  - lots of fans (of course)  - a girl explain how scrubs was positive for her.  - russian scrubs fan page on a "russian-facebook".  - scrubs themed dance show from 2007 on youtube. art/movies/the industry/crowdfunding: lots of well written texts about these topics. thank you all for being part of this project! thank you zach and everyone in your growing team.
same here, i didn't know kickstarter before this. i actually pledged more on the other project i backed than here (sorry zach, couldn't make it to the meet and greet pledge ^^). and if i had more money available, i would back more & more projects!  so thank you for this initiative again zach!
thx francois that article succinctly makes the point of what  we have seen over the past four weeks.  i myself never heard of ks til zach's project, but have now backed four.
if you could find room on your soundtrack for the  song " clouds" by zach sobiech, who passed away today, you will not only enrich the movie but also share his legacy of hope and positive outlook of life with those he left behind.......thank you... http://www.startribune.com/lifestyle/208137091.html
finally some good article: http://www.forbes.com/sites/suwcharmananderson/2013/05/20/zach-braff-backlash-is-misguided-and-misinformed/2/
love this project t o excited to see zach .braff's new film.  i have also backed another little film, being made this summer called "please wait to be seated", if you have time check it out here on ks.
hallo all 40k movie lovers! have a look at http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/gwenwynne/wild-about-harry-a-movie-for-our-hopefully-changin it looks like she needs a helping hand :-) thank you! joakim uppsäll-sjögren sweden
yay! can't wait! best of luck (also, the kickstarter video was hilarious, are you including it as an extra on your dvd? just sayin'. ^^)!!
yay 40k!
yay!
oh ok sorry for the trouble i completely missed the end of zach's update. damn so happy right now! thanks terence!
francois - check the latest update (just before donal faison) "allow me to introduce our starting lineup thus far: ■zach braff (me)  ■kate hudson  ■mandy patinkin  ■josh gad  ■anna kendrick  ■jim parsons  ■donald faison "
i mean he's in the little video presentation so i kinda wonder,  but nothing official right? i mean this guys is just so freaking awesome. that d be amazing to see him in number 2 movie of mr braff
francois jim parsons will be in it i thought?
any chance to have jim parsons somewhere in the cast? that d be so great! though im sure is very busy with big bang. amazing cast so far zach, thank you!
gotta say thank you to everyone involved for making this possible! do you realize we have new updates that make us smile to look forward to for at least another year?
kate hudson? awesome.  zach, you're a freakin' genius.
@zach braff asking for a community's help is always something difficult. i've been reading about your campaign more through the lens of media sources rather than coming directly here- which is what i should have done in the first place. you have a very straightforward goal, it's easy to understand and you're being honest about the way the hollywood industry works. but what you've also done is opened up the dialogue that needs to happen now that crowd-funding is a reality. so, good or bad, thank you for doing that. i've posted my own kickstarter here with the hopes that you, and the people following this comment page, can take a look: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/447490465/hyperion-0 good luck with the movie.
@ashley it's best to just to ignore negativity, as it's contagious. the best way to combat it is just to spread love and enthusiasm in regards to the project, as it's also contagious. and this is the place for that. and on that note. i made an alternate version of the fanart with different colors (more simple this time): http://on.fb.me/12gzbz9 and a facebook cover page you can use on your profile to show you backed/support the project: http://on.fb.me/12gkvd1 as ringo would say "peace and love, peace and love!"
it does infuriate me how the press is so negative towards this campaign. haters gonna hate though, i have seen kickstarters in a begging context and they don't get angry about that. at least zach is genuinely making something... :0 or are you going to run away with the money and live in vietnam?
i don't know if this has been asked and/or dismissed before, but would it be possible to do a screening in barcelona? that would be great! :)
@zach you're very welcome fine sir. i was tempted to draw "eric the actor" flying with balloons in the mix, but didn't want to face his wrath.. haha. plus only a few people would get the reference. @josha, thanks! i made a twitter background version, if anyone with a twitter account and want to show their support that way: http://t.co/o97u51s3yh
can't wait for the leading lady announcement!!!! well done joscha!
ok, this links works better :) - so non-scifi-who-will-be-leading-lady-pic http://jovi-architecture.com/wish-i-was-here-kickstarter/
nice work grant! also like the background :) made a not scifi-related pic: wp.me/p3cubo-ja will the leading lady driving sasha?!
grant, that's super cool. thanks, zach
nice one grant
why isn't there a meet and greet for la?
hey everyone! i made a new piece of fanart, you can check it out on the facebook page here: http://on.fb.me/12ngja3 i hope you like. i will try to make wallpaper versions later.
@julien. well put. have not seen high fidelity in a long time. really liked it but wondering if it would still feel the same now.
@wayne valin. everything with this list is ok ;). i saw only 4 of the 8 movies in it, and they are all great. "high fidelity" was cult for me. now that i'm 34, my feelings are slightly different that 12 year ago when it went out, but it's still a movie i love. another point of view: the reason why list is right is just because all these movies except "everyone says i love you" are rated 7,5 or more on imdb, and that imdb is usually right. that's just numbers to say "great movies". only people who don't understand the world, movies and life can hate them. no need to be bitter or cynical...
zach, coco, and the rest of the wish i was here team, this is the first project i've ever backed on kickstarter and i'm so proud to be a part of this! i've been a huge fan of zach since scrubs and i loved garden state. i think it is amazing that we are able to do something ground breaking and i can't wait to see the end result of this project! as an aspiring actor/writer/director this is a huge inspiration for me and i look forward to seeing how sites like kickstarter continue to revolutionize the film making industry. so thank you zach and coco! keep up the great work! p.s. if anyone on here is interested in contributing to another project- i'm involved in an award winning web-series that is trying to get funding for the remaining six episodes of the first season. link is below: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/alexisjestevez/harvard-court-season-one… thanks again everyone! all best, ~christian prentice http://www.imdb.com/name/nm4648796/…
great tshirt win, congratulations to joscha, i have just finished university and while job hunting watching every episode of scrubs again :) i am so happy to be part of this experience!
pretty damn random
guess what movie is number 6 of the "8 movies only a bitter, cynical person could hate" on some website? yup - garden state. slashfilm.com has a link of those films. congrats . http://wegotthiscovered.com/movies/happy-movies-people-hate/7/
zach, great song, i loved it. i'd like to reiterate that initiatives like yours here in kickstarter, in addition to giving you a chance to bring your great project to us, it also create opportunities to other filmmakers and all kind of artists to network while bringing attention to the awesome indie work that exists outside the spotlight. criticism will always exist but i hope that this doesn't stop you and other artists to pursue your ideas. when a well-known person, like yourself, develops a worthwhile project and involve others in this endeavor, a shift occurs in perspective and everyone benefits somehow. btw, i worked in hospitals for many years in brazil and in the us, and let me tell you, most of the 'scrubs' episodes were very accurate in relation to the reality of being a resident/young doctor, for instance, even the (most of) janitors make fun of the residents and .. in the romance area ..oh yes, very accurate.  thank you, siglia
hey everyone,  sorry to bug again.  check out our film's kickstarter: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/627378769/please-wait-to-be-seated….  we're doing on ama on reddit at 1pm e.s.t. @siglia- no problem!  we'll do our best!  good luck!  @christie- thank you so much!  i don't know if you were talking about our last names or this film's, but we'll take the compliment.   thanks everyone for supporting us and mr. braff's awesome new film. best,  nick
hi nick, thank you so much for your support to my project. i appreciated it. if you have a chance, please forward it to others that may be available to support my short film: http://www.indiegogo.com/projects/short-film-christie-the-impact-of-aids-on-women-and-families/x/644248… siglia
i mean actual.
zach, i really wish i could up my pledge so i could go to the boston screening but like i said i'm on unemployment and just can't right now. since there are still tickets left, any chance you could put them on sale closer to the time of the actually screening? i hope to have a job by then!
if you are also into games, i recommend checking this out: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2079547763/jagged-alliance-flashback
zach, the song is just breathtaking. thank you!
also... new friends, this is a project i backed...i am in no way connected. its a pretty cool collaborative interactive art piece that you can be a part of. he's documenting the entire process and running a live feed during the creation. check it out if you want to. http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1254227356/a-collaborative-art-experience-capturing-stories-i
thanks for the songs zach..what a thoughful guy!  heading toward 40,000 backers...but a real slow down,  either some big announcements with casting or another article by hollywood reporter filled with half truths and misleading info is needed for fans to jump on the wagon quickly....it would be a nice end to such a phenominally succesful campaign on ks.
nick, lovely project you have, scooting over there to put some change in your pocket but i just wanted to say all of you gentlemen have fantastic last names.
love the tune. worked fine with my 'puters. and all this time i thought cary brothers was like the avett brothers... as in i thought there was more than one and the last name was cary.
your free music link doesn't work. i downloaded it and the song wont load in my itunes.
loved 'garden state' and can't wait to see this project come to fruition! but hey zach, any chance you're coming to australia? we're a day ahead of the states, so i can tell you whether or not the world ends, or a flashmob with kangaroos happens for your project. i'm willing to make it happen though. it would also make me extra happy if joshua radin appears in the soundtrack, but i don't doubt that his amazing music will make an appearance. good luck reaching 40,000 backers! looking forward to following the progress and thanks for offering rewards :)
i voted on the shirt! really great ideas to choose from!
zach - i'm cash poor since i just bought a house but had to support you in this endeavor. i have been a huge fan of yours since scrubs and your backing of the rio theater near my home inspired me to become a member of kickstarter. i just submitted my first project (an ebook i've been wanting to write relevant to the web design industry) so hopefully i have even a teeeeeny fraction of as much support as you have had! looking forward to seeing all the progress updates! i'm so excited for you.
hey zach and everyone, check out this kickstarter (i have nothing to do with it, it just sounds cool and the article mentions zach!) http://variety.com/2013/film/news/alanis-morissette-and-shannyn-sossamon-cast-in-price-of-desire-1200483410/
i believe you're a good person and i hope that your film will be superb, thank you for you courage :)
hey zach, check out our video to you!    https://www.youtube.com/watch… thanks for the songs!
my error that third project i backed was by the helms and michelle the producer not christi, sorry about that. it's a film called lost on purpose.
well then my vote is for his uber-cool character sketch lineup! (unless, of course, he has something even cooler but equally geeky up his sleeve ;-) (and thanks for taking the time to reply!) best, donia http://donialilly.com ethyrical artist
donia, i'm not sure about my design yet. but it will be done in collaboration with colin fix, as i'm not a graphic designer...
thanks for the free song zach!
hi zach and coco - i have a question about the non-backer designed t-shirt (e.g. the one "you" will design)... will it be the character sketch lineup? because if so i would totally upgrade my pledge to a t-shirt! :-) (as long as there are, as other people have asked, girl-cut ones available) cheers, donia http://donialilly.com ethyrical artist
nick,  i just backed your film as well. great project. i also agree that zb's initiative opened a networking & fundraising opportunity not only for his project but for other projects as well. when i first read about his campaign in the la times weeks ago, i thought that the whole controversy around it was nonsense, i had no doubt, we were looking at an opportunity of inclusion and i wanted to be part of it, so i am glad that a well-known artist, whose work i like, was willing to take the first step and launch his own project as a filmmaker while opening the doors to all of us. you asked about other projects, so if you have a chance please check my campaign and spread the word if possible, thank you:  http://www.indiegogo.com/projects/short-film-christie-the-impact-of-aids-on-women-and-families all the best, siglia
@nick: i just backed your film!  best of luck with it.  can't wait to see the finished product.  you guys are very clever, smart, and it looks pro. here's my link: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/328026548/bloodthirsty-one-nation-under-water-volume-1-0 and a link to the piece i wrote about zach's use of kickstarter: http://bloodthirstycomic.com/… best, -mark
i am excited for your film nick and just found a bit more to up my backing.  check out please wait to be seated, zb backers..definitely worth a look!
@lucille- thank you so much for the support!  i'm very excited about zach braff bringing so many people to kickstarter!
at this point it's very clear that zach has brought thousands of new backers to ks.  i never heard of ks before, but have now backed three other terrific projects.  mark landry's, nick scardarasay's and christi howell's.  i am excited and best of luck with all these worthy projects.
@mark, thank you so much!    we're trying to promote our new film 'please wait to be seated'.    here is our kickstarter for anyone who might be interested:  http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/627378769/please-wait-to-be-seated… we're a group of ann arbor filmmakers looking to start our dream, so anything and everything is welcome! and please, let me know if anyone here has any projects.  i'll try and point people in your direction! all the best,  nick skardarasy
nick checked out your project ...loved it.  hope to be able to up my backing before your month is out.  best of luck.
hi christi, thank you for your reply, i appreciated it. when you are ready, let me know if any questions about my campaign. i just checked the 'lost on purpose' campaign here and their website, such a great project, impressive cast (omg, octavia spencer), songs, art work etc. i sent the link to some people i know and backed it up as well .. being relatively new in fundrasing campaigns and larger (film) projects production, i learn by seeing what other indie filmmakers have done before, their model also boost my confidence in the idea that 'yes', it is possible to do it.. not easy, but possible. good luck :)
that's brilliant, nick.
hey everyone, i backed this wonderful project, but please check out my production company's response to 'wish i was here' and the whole kickstarter fiasco.   https://www.youtube.com/watch…
haha, thank you, geoffrey and lucille.  ;)
siglia- i will be glad to help you reach your goal and get you supporters when lost on purpose kickstarter is over. we have about 30 hours to go. need about 3500 to complete the stretch goal. one of the awards to work with producer johnny derango and get a foot in the door in the business. tell your friends to check it out!
lucille, you have great taste because the other ks that i supported was mark landry's as well...lol.
@jeff hey dude, i just wanted today that i thought your initial comments came on a bit strong and i can see how they could have easily come across as rude/offensive. that said, your comments since then have been respectful and i truly believe that you're looking for meaningful discourse. i just wanted to say thanks for the change in tone and thanks for questioning. challenge and confrontation isn't fun but is often good for everyone involved. glad to hear you're onboard with the project too!
hi everyone, i was informed that it was ok for me to bring my project to this forum which may interest those who are able to support additional film projects ...  i am a public health professional (www.sigliadiniz.com) and filmmaker (http://www.imdb.com/name/nm5673168/resume), and i am currently producing a short film i wrote and directed, based on real events, which deals with the impact of hiv/aids on women and families. i want to use this short film to generate discussion and raise awareness on this topic. currently, i am in great need of funds to finalize it, and my campaign will finish in 2 weeks. so any help with donations or by spreading the word/link to people you know, will help me tremendously.  unfortunately i could not launch my campaign here in kickstarter because i could not afford the 'all or nothing' policy because i really need all money i can get. so, please check my campaign, the video, photos, production information there. http://www.indiegogo.com/projects/short-film-christie-the-impact-of-aids-on-women-and-families let me know if any question about my short film or the cause, i will be happy to respond (siglia2012@gmail.com) ; thank you very much. siglia diniz
please look at this. i promise it'll be worth it :)  http://erikzaiatz.tumblr.com/post/50589023460/vacation-recreation-tiki-scrubs-jd-turk
hey guys. i am backing a film called lost on purpose. less than 40 hours to go. the movie and soundtrack is great. please check it out and back it. we have like less than $4000 to get to the stretch goal of 50k. it's to distribute the film in theaters
yes!! this is synergy.  kickstarter is not a zero-sum game.  thank you guys for backing my project as well, and thanks to zach for bearing all the criticism with class.  my project has definitely benefitted from zach's project being live simultaneously.  if anyone ever doubts that, i have the data!  ;) -mark
ditto geoffrey lets get to 40,000.  and i too have checked out other ks projects, supported mark landry's project. would love you to share the interesting project you have found.
i just want to send some warm fuzzies out to everyone. we are all here beacuse we want to help people and projects we believe in, so let's all consentrate on that. i don't have a project on here but for your enjoyment i give you my friend zach  not the braff) playing piano and singing "for no one". http://www.youtube.com/watch…
only 6 days left, we have to at least reach the 40k goal in backers and we only need less than 500. i am just finding new things on ks to give to and found a cool one tonite to pledge to so yay all around.
personally i don't read the negative comments. very much looking forward to next week's updates!!
my project started two days before this one, and it has 15 days left.  it's doing well, and looks like it'll reach its goal!  some of you have backed it, and i thank you for that.  i also thank zach and coco for being cool and considerate, and for not giving in to the negative backlash.  my experience with running a kickstarter campaign in the shadow of this one can be found here: http://bloodthirstycomic.com/… . best wishes to all, -mark
jeff paid a dollar to make someone holler!! lol
can't be bothered to read it all, but bottom line is: jeff thinks rich people don't get to ask for money on kickstarter, he as poor animator can? really? and we spend time debunking him? besides being rude, it's uncalled for. jeff, honestly: why invest if you don't like the guy or his work?
fair enough.  i don't think it's rude to say that not a single backer here, myself included, knows exactly how this campaign will impact crowdfunding.  but you do feel that it is rude, so apologies.  i think it's silly to just take the kickstarter stance of "it brings new people to kickstarter and they back other things!" which is of course a great thing.  because you have to look at the archaic studio system, and star power, and bankrolls, and motion picture rights, and ask yourself- how are major studios going to take this?  what kind of backlash can we expect?  i don't mean "you are all dumb, and don't know what you're doing," i mean, quite literally, that none of us know what the ramifications of a campaign like this will be moving forward.  and if lots and lots of people here honestly thought about that before donating, than my questions are all moot and i'll shut up and go away.  actually, i think i'll do that anyway.  cheers.
dear jeff, i see that now you are trying to be kind, but do not say that you have not been rude. your first comment was very rude, as you basically said that everyone who was donating did not understand anything and did not know what he/she was doing. now, there can be a misunderstanding, but in my opinion this is being rude.
/shrugs.  if this in any way refers to my actions (i gave a dollar to have a say in how this campaign has been run, and whether or not it should be here.  this has not been trolling or anger or attacking.)  as there is plenty of backlash elsewhere, all i wanted to do was have a respectful discourse.  plenty of your fans responded beautifully, making great points, and engaging the mind of said "rude" person (possibly me, possibly not) with thoughtfulness and honesty.  i did not come here with the intention of being rude, and i hope that i haven't been.  i just came to speak my mind.  i have always wished you and yours the best of luck, always.  and i will continue to do so, even by bumping by support from one to ten dollars.  i am glad this goes to your lovely team.  keep supporting people who don't get to be a part of this catch-22 industry and you won't have to face any more backlash.  it'll just wash away.  if you assume everyone is locked into their view, you kill one of the most important things an artist can have: meaningful discourse.  don't censor me, zach, and don't try to tell me that i'm being rude when i'm not.  the only person here who has donated a dollar simply to troll and make snide remarks has been from your page here to my campaign.  again- good luck with your film.  i hope it kicks ass.  cheers.  -j-
dear friends,  i cannot control people donating $1 to come on here and be rude to you. but i ask that if you choose to engage (and i don't recommend it, you cannot win a debate with someone who's locked into their view) but if you do choose to engage, that you do it with calm respect and aplomb. this is what i have done with scrutiny that's been lobbed at me. i am getting new figures this week, but at last count over $400,000 from backers brought in by myself and veronica mars has gone to other endeavors on this wonderful website. i, alone (at last count) brought in over 20,000 new members to this amazing community of artists. i'm not sure how there's anything else to say. have a splendid weekend. big things coming next week! peace and love and respect, zb
nathan! i love pierce gagnon from looper. he's perfect. i've been looking into meeting him.
julien, i agree that jax is too similar to wheatley. i don't know portal2, so that's my bad. sitting with colin this weekend and we are going to evolve his look a bit so they aren't such... first cousins...
i just watched the hooch video, that was freaking great, can't wait for the next one.
in the first arts made by colin fix, wax, the flying droïd, looks very similar to wheatley, the helper flying robot at the beging of the game portal2. if wax has to speaks, it would (maybe?) be very nice if it has the same kind of metalic voice that some computers in portal/portal2 (wheatley's voice is funny, glados's is fantastic). ellen mclain, who is the voice of glados, started a ks to found his new webserie there. i love her natural voice in the video : http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/syntheticph/wish-it-inc-a-comedy-fantasy-web-series any other subtil reference to portal can bee cool to (a real cake, quotes, aperture science poster in jonah's appartment, etc)
good luck with the film were very happy to help you, i know it will be great! i deeply miss scrubs btw =(
zb backers, please let's not rain on anyone else's parade on kickstarter.  what zach has been able to do so phenomenally successfully over the past three weeks is so cool, positive and such a new concept.  even if some backers post questioning or doubting remarks, please keep an open mind.  i have found this experience to be so much fun and such a joy, please let's keep it that way.
speaking of which, if zb fans would discontinue the hate in the comments section of my campaign, i would greatly appreciate it.  http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/jeffmartell/mutwale-an-epic-animated-short-film/comments
hi christie- thanks for your comments.  i've dived into some more of the backlash around the web.  i've learned more about the production from kickstarter themselves, from watching some of the interviews with zb, and most importantly from one of the people involved in the film.  i'm still not a tremendous fan of zach's stuff (i thought garden state was just all right, but certainly didn't hate it and i'm not here as a hater) but i'm glad you are one of the people that read my comment as a concern for what this means for crowdfunding and not as some assault on... i dunno, being rich and from hollywood.  i feel like there are still implications here- but as kickstarter pointed out, when projects are this successful it brings in new people that haven't even heard of crowdfunding, which is amazingly *good* for the site and for crowdfunding.  and while i'm still going to cautiously warn people that it's a dangerous precedent to back people who already have "made it big in hollywood" with crowd sourcing (look at where the money goes and make sure it's going to be a good production).   i have raised my contribution to $10.  not because i'm super excited about the movie, but because of the cordial and respectful dialogue i've had with someone involved in the production.  it sounds like good people, and i support good people.
nathan i thought the same thing....that kid is really great...and adorable...and pretty scary.
still no calgary screening.  :(  sad face. i would up my pledge for that reward.
so i watched looper again yesterday and was reminded of the really talented child actor pierce gagnon. i think he'd be great to play tucker!
zach, i remember years ago you introduced me to rachael yamagata and "the reason why" and i am still in love with it and her, and randomly wanted to thank you for that.  you're the best always! love you
jeff, i read your initial comment, and i think you should maybe waitch/listen to some of zach's interviews were he addresses all the backlash- i can't remember the exact one it is ( i'll post if if i find it again) but in it he does address the fact that we don't get any of the profit- and how if there was a way to have us invest and reap the finacial reward if the film did well he would be all for it- but as of right now- there's no way to do that on this level. i am one of the many here who had never heard of crowdsourcing before this project, and now i have backed another project and keep looking for more projects to back. i gave this project money because i believe in a filmakers vision. and i don't care how much money zach has, i may not be articulating this in the best way- but to me his celebrity has no bearing on if his project "deserves" my money. it is my money- i'm putting it towards people and projects i want to see/believe in.
here are "wish i was here" wallpapers i designed for iphone 4 & 5, and galaxy s3 & s4 | http://www.bluebrain.net/wiwh/  @lucille, thanks! i think everyone's work is great.
i also in no way wish to assume the responsibilities of "group leader" i was just hoping to be a voice in the crowd.
sorry negative hippie, that was my attempt at irony. it was a joke but i see now maybe in poor taste. sorry to anyone i may have offended!
thought i would post an article i wrote for whatculture in defence of zach and the wish i was here team amidst some of the press this week. hope you guys like it, i think the points i make apply to the vast majority on here. http://whatculture.com/film/in-defence-of-zach-braff-why-the-kickstarter-controversy-is-ridiculous.php
laura, you're the worst tool in this entire thread. at least they don't call for "peace" while making a blanket insult of "dirty bastards" to anyone critical of braff or his project. you literally became less calm and less respectful before you even finished your statement that people should be calm and respectful. hopefully you'll reply and acknowledge that you wanted the attention that a group leader receives, and not the responsibilities.
not trying to be funny, but i'm actually completely aroused by the fact that my day just became perfect. let me break it down. did an all nighter revising for an exam (later on today), felt pretty good at the end of it; on my way home started humming the scrubs outro music by (if i remember right, typing this in a rush of adrenaline!) jan stevens, just bobbing my head. get home and youtube'd up some scrubs memories, when 'lo and behold, i see the hooch in my suggested media! the hooch visiting zach braff?? what? watched it, then watched the kickstarted ad, and saw 1 last spot for the london advanced screening pledge. panic set in as i frantically filled in the form. and i got it. finally, i shall be sated in my soul and bones with all that is good and true on the silver screen since garden state. long may you live zb.
this is really cool.
10,000 of you voted so far on your fave t shirt! if you haven't voted yet, we close the vote at 12pm pdt tomorrow so make sure you do! coco
being a backer in this project is like being in an exclusive club! i love reading everyone's comments and discovering new music, projects, videos, etc! thank you fellow backers!! ps:  when all the haters start ripping into zach and his project, please remember we are the spokespeople for "wish i was here"! always try to stay calm and respectful and don't lose your head when those dirty b*st*rds lash out at us! they have no idea what they're missing. love you all!
grant, love it...great work.  had it been one of the t shirts i would definitely have voted for it..much better than the choices.
hey everybody.. i designed this wallpaper for "wish i was here" fans. enjoy! http://www.bluebrain.net/wishiwh-wallpaper-1920x1080.jpg
@kickstartercoco just tweeted my opinion piece on zach and kickstarter: "love this post by our backer mark landry http://bloodthirstycomic.com/… "
i know it says that the lithograph poster will be signed by the "principal cast" but please, please if you do have faison in the movie at all, have him sign the poster. would be great to have the two of you on it. turk and jd 4 ever.
dear jeff, lots of people get frustrated when they see someone do something so right that everyone responds to it.  instead of being frustrated and complaining that zach has loyal fans who respond so positively to his message and his way of being artistic - find out what it is that he's doing right and you do that.  i think it's just that he's found people's nerve and he reaches out to serve people.  it's not about him and his filmmaking with him it's about making a movie for us.  he delights in making us happy more than he delights in making himself happy by being a well loved successful filmmaker who's work reaches out and touches us like a warm breeze.  sometimes it's about things that you can't see, too, ya know?  don't be jealous, just go find out what that thing is that people are responding to and serve that population. maria
dear jeff, i took a look at your project. and you're right, it is a good project and you have all the right to be upset if people don't give you a chance. i've starred it and i'm considering pledging. would you consider give the movie for a cheaper tier (like 10$)? i would totally give you that for the movie, asking 20$ for a short seems a little too much. that being said, i don't think it is fair for you to come here and criticize 40.000+ people. we all gave our money in a conscious way and, believe it or not, most people choose how to spend their money, and they choose it wisely. it may not be the way you would spend your hard-earned dollars, but its their decision. the truth is, if i didn't come to kickstarter because of this rich guy zach braff, i would have never, in a million years, heard of your project. and that's awesome for you and the other "little guys". and i've backed other cool projects! yes, the movie industry is a tough world, but tell me something worth fighting for that isn't? all professions have downsides and failures. we should never feel envy for those who made it. especially since zach braff started just like you, he graduated from film school and made his little movie that ended up being a success. maybe it will happen to you (i sure hope so) and maybe, a few years from now you come back to kickstarter and someone says "don't give money to this guy, he's rich ever since he made that elephant movie". but you know where you come from, and so will your fans. you obviously work hard for your dreams, but so does zach. i've you seen the video he shot for the movie "kickstarted"? the guy looked tired as hell! put yourself in his shoes, its not easy to try to please 40.000 peoples while correcting the haters. my point is, you have a great little project and you work hard for it. you should feel proud and i wish you all the best luck. but stay humble and don't be negative about other people's success. if you have what it takes and the audience decides in your favor, your time will come
another casting announcement please zach!!!!
just in case you guys missed it, i made this yesterday. (if you never watched scrubs it will be confusing, just know that hooch is crazy...)  http://www.youtube.com/watch…
i posted my thoughts on this whole debate on my blog.  i have a project up now, too, but braff is not hurting me: http://bloodthirstycomic.com/… -mark
lucille, you are a beautiful human being.  you read my comments and ingested them.  thank you.  i'm not here to put people down, and at no point did i attack zb or his supporters.  to all those defensive people (scott), i reiterate that i'm not judging you and i'm not here to fight.  i just wanted to have a say.  i have been working in the film industry for years.  i've made hundreds of commercials, i've worked on many short films.  i've cut features, i've animated motion graphics. short version: i've been around the block.  i've directed two award nominated shorts of my own and i've been working to get my current film rolling for almost half a decade.  if you are truly interested in people who pursue their work with passionate drive and refuse to give up in the face of overwhelming odds- yes, odds that do not include the option to seek hollywood money or depend on a face that was on tv for 9 seasons-  you might be interested in my project.  http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/jeffmartell/mutwale-an-epic-animated-short-film  if not, that's ok too.  and if you seriously think that people who work their asses off (60-80 hr weeks at least) to get things done can all be as wealthy as zb, you clearly don't work in the entertainment industry.  it's brutal.  you guys want to see a new zb movie, go for it, there's almost 40k people who do.  great!  but throwing money at a millionaire is frustrating for a highly trained dude struggling to raise even just 14k to make something completely unique.  there's nothing out there like it, really.  and it's going to be great.  thanks again lucille, i dunno who you are but you rock.  enjoy the zb flick, you all paid for it.
guys, hooch is back and he's crazier than ever: http://m.youtube.com/watch… video by zach braff
typo on ipad sorry...then charge...
xander i backed weeks ago so hard to remember...but as long as you give your friend's email name and address he will receive all rewards.  cohen charge your amazon account on your credit card?  i believe that will work.
sorry if anyone's asked this already, but is there anyway i can pick up an additional $30 dollar pledge for a gift? friend's birthday and he loves your work zach!
it seems than since the article, backers and funds are coming even faster than before! maybe we're gonna soon thank this newspaper for its help ^^
you're turning stacy pilgrim into a furry?!  that's... that's really funny.
go zach go! you are great!
i hate screen junkies. our “don’t back zach” campaign was launched in response to the new wave of celebrity kickstarted vanity projects. http://www.screenjunkies.com/video/dont-back-zach/
well on the way to 40 000 backers! come on people!!
i'm so happy i could even give a little bit of money to help. i wish i could spend more than i did, i really believe in this movie and i can't wait to buy it.
thanks for mansplaining those already understood facts to us, jeff. perhaps the perspective you need is that some people work for their station, and others ask to be given something they haven't earned. which side do you fall on? the side that worked for supporters and fans for several years, or the side that is actively poo-pooing something out of some naive jealousy? please, explain to us how we should be spending our money. on things we don't care about that involve a person with no net worth and an odd obsession with those who do have money, or on things we do care about from someone who has proven they are worth caring about to us?
jeff i hope you enjoy the film when we get to all see it.  thanks for your clarification. i understand that not everyone is a zb fan, and i do respect your desire to create your own independent art. if you have a project on kickstarter feel free to direct us to take a look, i for one would be interested.
hey, guys! i'm a backer, a fan of zach, scrubs, and garden state.  my kickstarter project, "bloodthirsty: one nation under water," went up about a week before this one, and i would love it if you all took a look - only 16 days lef!  it's an indie graphic novel that gives post-katrina new orleans a comic book hero. thanks! -mark   http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/328026548/bloodthirsty-one-nation-under-water-volume-1-0
yay!  sarcasm!
jeff, i'm so happy for you! for only one dollar you have the joy to show the superiority of your understanding to almost 40.000people... ah, this should be so fulfilling!! now all of us, with our humble intellect, thank you for opening our eyes and give us light!! ps: this,is called sarcasm, in case you never heard of it...
cheers, i have to get back to work.
as far as leaving a buck to speak my mind, i'm totally cool with it.  i'll consider that my ticket when i don't pay anything to watch this movie.  ^_^
i'm not asking for my dollar back.  lucille, well said.  as long as you understand that you are contributing to someone who doesn't need the money- that's fine.  it's your decision and i totally respect it.  i am not a community of fans of zb, and it's frustrating to be a non-hollywood entity raising money for a painstaking independent hand-drawn film, and to come here and see this zb legion give 2.5 million to someone who is already a millionaire.  i trust you understand that perspective as well.
hey naysayers keep the comments and one dollar backings coming so you can get the pleasure of telling us backers how naive we are..why?  each time you do the  new backers triple in speed!  thanks.
it's not always about the money.  it's about feeling passionate and part of something that you believe in.  how'bout we give you your dollar back.  team z-braff
jeff most of us a small backers, i myself gave $40....we are not individually investing tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars.  for my $40 i get several things...the actual awards which are several... i don't need to elaborate you can scoll down and see.  i am already joining the constnt updates from zb, i am part of a community of his fans, and more importantly i am part of a community of film fans who yearn for independent films with strong scripts...words by characters with whom i can relate.  i support zb and look forward to similarly supporting other independent film makers so i do not have to choose between one mindless action/violence studio movie that offers me nothing in the way of entertainment. no, i am not a percentage investor who will get a check back on my forty dollar backing, but jeff i am not bring duped, i am happily part of a community of backers enjoying every moment of this fun ride with zach braff and my fellow backers.
i just pledged $1 so that i could come here and tell all of you this: i hope you are happy. you pledged a collective 2.6 million dollars to a man who is worth approx $22 million dollars. consider this: garden state cost $2.5 million to make and earned $36 million at the box office. for the sake of argument, let's say wish i was here does that well at the box office. now instead of sharing that (potential) box office profit with investors, that profit goes directly into zach braff's pocket. you get no return on that. you get your reward and zach braff makes $33.5 million with no profit share with investors. yeah, sure, there's residuals and percentage points, but nothing like the hollywood money he could go seek out. he wants to make a good movie, sure. i'll watch it, too. but you guys just invested money for simple rewards so that he doesn't have to share profits with you, or anybody. i wish him and his film luck. you, on the other hand, know not what you do by supporting this campaign.
question, i am a backer...i see there a couple of screenings open still.  what is the best guess of date of screenings in ny and la....my son's wedding is oct 2014.
the limited edition vinyl is a great thing! i hope there'll be a colin hay song included.
don't listen to all the haters, and do whatever you think is necessary to make the movie of your and our dreams.
correction these as.h.les
anna kendrick is a great choice she seems like a very warm person. i have not been checking up on updates lately until today. i have seen a lot of hate out there for this project and zach in general. all i have to say is succeed. people can't f...k with success. almost 40,000 people believe you can do it and have given to the cause. we don't know you in person but your movie (garden state) and tv show has shown us a bit of your personality. we are rooting for you plus let be honest we want another great movie to cherish. zach make this movie as best as you can. give us something we can remember for years to come and we will follow on your next adventure after this. oh yeah so don't f...k up we want to shut up this as.h..les too.
hey zach! thank you for the updates, they are great and i really appreciate them. i just want to say i love what you are doing, i think this project is terrific. apparently you touched a nerve in hollywood... i say: way to go, hang in strong, and thank you for cutting a new path. i backed this project because i want you to make this movie the way you believe it should be done. i want your art, your choices, your expression of the story. thanks so much for letting fans and those of us far-away from l.a. watch it unfold!
anna kendrick - nice pull! people online are going to hate, i get that.  don't let them pull you down, zach. eeeeeeeeaggggllllllleeeeee! here's what i wrote about the kickstarter - http://thekleeblog.blogspot.com/2013/05/zach-braff-his-kickstarter-debacle.html
i just love you zack, but not in gay way. its guy love. and i really love scrubs, it is the best tv show, that i watch. don't listen the haters, they always gonna hate, i know -- you film would be great!  ps hope it would be translated on russian too.
know one is backing out zach. we are all in it to the end, we are invested too, no pun intended mark
a lot of people have been critical of this project, but here's the thing, this is one of a very few times when it doesn't matter what they think. the people who like the film have chipped in, and the people who don't can't stop it. they can't panic a studio, or any dissuade financial backers, because the people who love this project have funded it already. haters gonna hate, but in this case,, that's literally all they can do. i think that's one of the things that's so great about this project. we can support something we love and believe in, and no-one can stop us.
*high five hippie*
oh yeah cause anna kendrick only ever starred in the twilight movies. also, who cares what movies they have starred in, as long the actors cast for our movie are good ?!
what? who even knows her from twilight? she wasn't even a supporting character in it hardly. what people do remember her from are scott pilgrim, up in the air, for which she was nominated for best supporting actress - a huge achievement considering that she's only been in the mainstream for six years.
anna kendrick is the worst possible choice. why does the film need a twilight superstar? who are next, kristen stewart and robert pattinson?
wh-what? joshua, why shouldn't he feel obligated to explain himself to his backers? they're basically his financial backing. he should explain as much as he can, which he did.
don't let anyone get you down (especially people that'll say anything for views or magazine sales or blog reads) or feel like you have to explain yourself to your backers. your real fans know the great guy you are and we believe in you and want you to get your dream because you've touched so many of our lives and that's why we are backing you man. opionins are like ar@&holes everyone's got them and unfortunately there will always be those that'll believe everything they read. but that just makes all of us believe in you more. keep your chin up! sending you lots of love from the land down under!
am loving the casting so much!  anna is awesome! totally loving being part of the project !!
keep going! i´m so exited about this project! greets from germany!
dear zach and team, you have all my love and support. this is an amazing experience, and i believe in you and your dream. we will make it come true, no matter what some jealous (scared?) business people may write about it.
haters gonna hate. don't worry about it zach! and thanks for the explanation, it's always good to know the truth. ps: do those bloggers even lift?
thank you for the explanation zach!! and happy to see anna kendrick join the cast!
i agree.   what they all said..... lol
keep doing what you're doing, zach. there needs to be more people like you in hollywood: artists with the talent and ability to go against convention and show their work to the world. it's awesome getting your updates on the project as it moves along. looking forward to my kitten taint t-shirt. all the best!
zach, if you're reading - i donated what small amount i could within the first few days this project was launched on kickstarter.  so when i saw the first articles criticizing you, kickstarter, and your backers - i was, in a surreal way, seeing myself implicated in these pretentious commentaries.  i have spent the last few weeks absorbing the backlash, and very eager for your response.  i wasn't going to pull any money until i heard what you had to say. i just read your update #23 and watched the interview you did for "kickstarted."  suffice to say, i then went and gave more to the project.  how bout them apples? i say to you, and to any naysayers - just because you are "celebrity" doesn't mean you're not making art; to think so is feeble and small-minded, albeit perhaps buying in to sometimes-valid stereotypes prevalent in hollywood.  moreover and more importantly - news and media in the "industry" are almost always connected to studio moguls in some way - the very ones you have given the proverbial finger.  of course they're going to try to knock it down; you are on the forefront of a revolution to decrease dependency on studios (translation: profit) to make and distribute feature films - a dependency that the studios have carefully concocted since "moving picture" technology was first developed. i, for one, commend you for sticking true to your visions, to utilizing new technologies and resources, and to be unafraid to try something new.  and all the while, acting like a human being to those who've supported you and thanking them along the way.  a lot more than any studios do when we support their content.
you really don't need to defend yourself against these douche bags. we supported you because we believe in you. please don't stoop to their level. please make this movie!
i never doubted this for a minute! i don't even think you had to explain yourself again, but if it helps the skeptics out there, then it is all good! i am really looking forward to this! with much, much love all the way from the philippines! :) by the way, congratulations on landing such great artists.
haven't heard any negative things from friends but i will put up a strong defense for you. we love you too!
i hope you're not actually stressed out by people being ...twerps. i took part in a spirited debate about this on fb after someone posted a "why are you giving rich dbs your money" article the other day... and you, m'belov'd trio were the stars! yaaaay?? all press is good press? ... trouble is, don't i already give the doucheladen 1% my $ every-freaking-day? in return i get gmos and lobbyists blocking my best interests, i get tan m&ms taken away whilst being visually eye raped for decades by the phallus that is a gatorade bottle, none of which was i warned about or had any say in, even though i, in part, paid for that slow motion ad of hypercolored electrolyte dripping down the chiseled chins of manly athletes... nevermind. you get it. see image : http://thinkprogress.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/gatorade.jpg  i've spent 100$ on a forgettable meal, or concert tickets, or the vhs then the dvd then the blu-ray and the soundtrack of a favorite film. i am more than willing to spend 100$   (or *cough* $370) to know what my money goes to and get a really cool experience out of it. po'folks like me don't get to see things first, or sit and chat with an artist they identify with and discuss concept and design of their project ( not to mention watch it all go down) until this point, my cinephilia ends like everyone elses does, with edited inside the actor studio episodes with me spliced in the place of james lipton. experiences are priceless and they fall into that category of things you cannot buy or even build for yourself. as someone actively pursuing her bucket list some things are just out of reach without the help of others. in fact, the best things in life you can't obtain without someone else. i think you are in danger of this being far more successful than you had ever hoped and the soul sucking sad sacks who want what you have cannot take the 39,000 of us that are happy to help you. we aren't sending this out into the void, to some faceless lottery. it is clear and deliberate and it is going to you. unless fred and daphne expose you to be mean jonathan jocobo the pterodactyl ghost,we can't quit ya. we believe in you and even if this ends up being glitter 2, ill be proud to have been a part of something new and hopeful. now excuse me natalie portman is on itas and i have a gatorade sweating on the table... have a good night.
pretty satisfied with the explanation, and i take back what i said. though i do add that sometimes, it's not just the haters that need to chill out.
you are the doctor!!!!!  anna kendrick...gold!!!!!
braff 1 - thr 0 !
zach! i just typed a really long comment on here about how awesome you are and how unawesome haters are, but with big words and lots of feeling. and now i'm too busy (being angry at my phone) to retype it all. so instead... totally check this out. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
205 new backers!
not only did i love garden state and i want to see your new movie, but i recently found out you helped save the rio theater! the owners mentored me and my friends when we were working to open our own a few town away. thank you for help them!
my fingers are crossed that a $1000-$1500 spot in either new york or l.a opens up so i can up my pledge and get into the after party. my husband is going to be so excited when i let him know about the premiere as a birthday surprise for him! hardest secret to keep! ha ha :)
omg i can't wait! i got the last 2 tickets to the advance screening to la because i saw the spot open up...gaaaaah!  can not wait to see the movie and you, zach!  <3 you!
anna kendrick is the sexy furry?!? i need to throw more money at this thing!
thank you so much! i love anna kendrick. she's the best. that's awesome
i was just thinking to myself about how awesome everyone is and what not and how many haters there are out there too. thought about how difficult it can be when people hate so much , but this song came to mind, when ever i feel a low and a discouraged and what not, i just remember this song and play it in my head. (yeah i like the cover a bit better than the original) http://youtu.be/iwnmskeuo0u
i'm so in live with the casting decisions thus far! can't wait for the film!!!
so excited for anna kendrick to be in this too!! screening in portland, or please!? :)
this film just gets even better, incredible casting choices, credit is due to the team
wow zach another home run...anna kendrick is wonderful...loving your casting!
being part of this group of zach's backers is exciting and fun.  i feel being able to be part of this work of art is a joy and a privilege.
this is an excellent article about what zach's campaign ( as well as vm) is achieving in the larger picture! http://www.huffingtonpost.com/dan-mirvish/kickstarter-movie-business_b_3257143.html
zach don't let this negative stuff get to you, everyone here knows what you're doing and we fully support you, i showed garden state for a couple of friends here in brazil and they loved it, your inspiration touches a lot of people man, not all of them have the disposable income to back this up, but they're on their toes waiting for your next movie, believe me.
jerks pulling out opened up another spot in the nyc which i increased my pledge amount for and, snagged! serves them right! thanks for all the updates, zach. the casting on this movie is already making me psyched.
i cannot tell you how happy it makes me to see your support. and that the number of backers has increased by 130 people since i posted my letter. love u all.z
so now that that nonsense has been defeated, back to the hard decisions- what freakin' shirt design am i going to pick...i'm stuck on two of them. hey zach any chance we can have two shirt's made, just sayin'
sticking by you zach
one hundred (give or take a few) more then when zach posted his update, i think the fans have spoken zach. we love you just as much as you love us ;)
so here we were, my wife and i, in a hospital delivery room last friday waiting on the arrival of our first  child. to ease the strain of labour my wife asked me to grab my ipod and play the garden state soundtrack to calm her mind. it was a special little moment for us and led to a pretty humourous conversation with our midwife and ob about wish i was here, kickstarter, the braff and garden state.... that movie holds a special place in our lives and we could never not be a part of a project like this. zach - do what you do! end note: our midwife turned around at the end of the garden state discussion and said: "zach braff - oh yes, from scrubs! funny, i delivered sarah chalke's baby in this very room four years ago". seriously spooky! our little man turned up a few hours later.
knew it was just "gap" financing and that zach would clear up all the lies.  love being part of this project zb!  haters, liars and detractors please be quiet.
i have been following this since the second you put the link on your facebook page. i finally had some extra cash to support you! forget about the people who are bashing you! you have done something amazing and this movie will be fantastic! i am proud to be a backer! i wish i could give more for the chicago screening but i am just happy to be apart of something great!
@lachlan snell - ditto
gotta love the braff. thanks for the update zach. feeling full of goodness again :) i had hoped that the true story would differ from reports.
@nadine thanks! i'll see how she feels about giving up a whole dollar ;)
seems to me that number of backers has gone up =p take that hollywood reporter!
@sarah not really, you could just copy and paste it for her or have her donate a dollar and then she'll get the update that are backer only.
so i pledged to get the pair of tickets to an advanced screening but i don't want my friend (who is coming with me) to miss out on all the updates on here. is there a way to include her (email) in this?
i don't think you're a douchebag, and i don't think you're duping anyone. don't get me wrong, some episodes of scrubs really sucked, but i really liked garden state. with crowd funding, you're always going to get people complaining about it, as a lot of people don't really understand it. double fine adventure got haters, veronica mars got haters, my own crowdfunding campaign got haters. you're right, making movies (or any production for that matter) is a complicated process. and getting funds from other sources is totally fine, i mean look at the title of this website. kickstarter. it's to get things moving. and if my small contribution helped get things moving to make a movie i wanted to see, then excellent. that's exactly what i wanted my money to do, to show there was significant interest. don't let the haters get you down. you're doing a great job with the project so far, and i'm really looking forward to seeing the movie. and hey, more publicity might mean more people who like garden state (and understand crowdfunding) end up funding the movie! so this could be a good thing in the long run.
vive la révolution!!!!!
hollywood is scared and they should be - i'm proud to be apart of this don't let the assholes get you down
seriously people, why would you think zach would lie to his fans and instead believe a trashy magazine?
i haven't heard any of the drama, but even if i did, it wouldn't change a thing. i believe in this project despite the "spin".  stay strong, zach
zach, your transparency on this project with respect to financing is critical, and you are doing a fantastic job. i'm sorry to see the last update which reveals you need to explain. we are not in the movie business, and don't know all the complexities...but we have pledged and supported this project because we believe in you. my wife & i both pledged and are making a couples weekend out of the screening to which we will drive 15 hours to get to chicago. as a backer, we have your back. (bro hug)
@matt commins, i am going to assume you haven't seen the update provided in that link you posted or the update zach braff just posted too. the film isn't being fully funded by worldwide. i don't understand the confusion, in the description zach was upfront about the 3 ways this movie would be fully funded leaving him with full control of the final cut: kickstarter, his own money, and a 3rd financier for overseas distribution. isn't that where worldwide fits in? i think so. i don't see the issue.
seriously, folks. get a clue and read the update. ignore the tabloid rags. they are deep in the pocket of the industry.
*looks down* what he said!
everyone, i just posted a long update on this drama on the updates page. come read it. z
does anyone else read the updates as jd's high pitch voice???
i am pretty eager to see what zach has to say about this... i love his work and was very eager to jump on board.  i'm not ready to pull my funding quite yet, but it seems to go against the whole idea behind this campaign to make the movie on his terms, grass roots... etc.  i just kind of feel like there should have been some disclaimer up front about the company suppling the 'real' money. i hope he comes out and addresses this and does so before the may 24 deadline... anything else would seem disingenuous and probably rub a lot of people the wrong way.  there definitely needs to be some damage control imho.
agree with you scott, but i'm removing my pledge based on the news about worldview. to be blunt, i feel lied to. zach said he wouldn't take type of financing and now he has. i was extremely excited about the movie, but now, i will not see and i want nothing to do with this film. http://www.slashfilm.com/zach-braff-scores-traditional-funding-for-his-kickstarter-movie-wish-i-was-here/
damn the media, we're behind you zb.  lets make a movie!!
i feel disappointed, but i admit i haven't seen a comment from zach regarding the worldview funding yet. i feel as though this news has diminished the role i played in getting the movie funded. i like kickstarter because it gives you a good feeling that you are helping someone achieve something unique, that they couldn't have done without you. for me, the rewards are secondary to a dream being achieved. i think i will still pledge, but an official comment  would be appropriate for the project community.
everyone calm down. have a juice box, zebra cake and chill out...everything is going to be fine.
@florian b: if you pledge for a city screening, you don't have access to the "thank you screening" anymore. it's only for people that don't go to a city screening, so at least they can see the movie they're funding (hope it's still true ^^) ahead of its official release. check out what's listed on any city screening pledge, it is not there anymore.
calling all san diegan backers...we want a screening in san diego!!   it'll give a nice boost to the pledged amount as the campaign winds down.  please!!!
yes, i believe fully that zach is getting some extra gap financing that will allow him to film in la, etc.  i have complete faith in his motives here and stand by my support and backing for his new film. for every dollar i gave ...i have already received something back...input  from zach about casting, t shirt contest to take part in...and the best is yet to come during and after filming.
hey everybody, i've got two questions. i was following most of the comments but i might have overlooked something. first: i'm currently in for the london screening, as the description says nothing about it, will i also have access to the "thank you- online screening"? it would be a wonderful evening to share this experience with some friends who also loved garden state. second: is there a google+ group for wiwh? could not find anything and i do not really want to sign up for facebook. i'd love to get in contact with people who will attend the london screening and well, everybody else who supports this project. @zach or coco or someone else official: have you considered creating a forum? i know with facebook and twitter it seems a bit old-fashioned, but it offers a bit more of a structure with its severall (sub)categories. one dedicated to the movie, one for music, one for fanart, etc.
if that's just filling a gap then yeah it's all normal.  the most important to me is that he manages to release a great movie while keeping full control on it.
the backlash here is unbelievable. i don't really get it, to be honest. if you feel duped, you still have 8 days to take back your pledge.
"gap financing is a term mostly associated with mortgage loans or property loans. it is an interim loan given to finance the difference between the floor loan and the maximum permanent loan as committed." from the kickstarter main page: "location choices: this film is set in hollywood. bizarrely, it is very expensive to shoot in los angeles. so unless i have the budget to afford to shoot here (where it takes place), i’ll have to shoot the film in vancouver or georgia or louisiana and fake it to look like la. i was told we’d just “roll a few palm trees around.” this happens all the time, and we could make it work... and no offense to all those places, but wouldn’t it be amazing to be able to shoot the film where it takes place?" this money simply allows him to film in la which is amazing news. it will make life a lot easier for casting roles and the sheer logistics of it all. i think it's fantastic news and can't wait for more updates :)
the hollywood reporter article posted here ...refers to "gap financing" by worldwide.  let's understand what that actually means.  on the face of it to me, at least, it sounds as though zb will retain full control of this film.  i do not believe zach has sold out or deceived us, not based on that small quote. zach will undoubtedly write us today or tomorrow to clarify the issue.
@céline, well, first wait and get an official statement from him on whether he's relinquishing final cut. this new funding may just be leveraged on a percentage royalty of sales or a cut of the revenue generated by distribution. if he's indeed relinquishing final cut, then you've got 8 days to remove your pledge. :-)
@james i gave money because i wanted him to have the final cut (and get a great movie, of course). i thought this was a great initiative. if he doesn't have the final cut anymore, then i'll be gutted. the whole point of that kickstarter thing is not to have to rely on studios to make the movie (i don't mean distributing it, i mean actually making it). he also told us that he did that because he wanted to have the final cut and not make compromises. if the movie gets fully funded by a studio, this goes away. that wouldn't be honest of him.
regarding the news of braff getting $7 million in funding from another source, i wonder what has put everyone's panties in a wad. his budget for the film just went from $2.6 million to $9.6 million. how is this not sensational news? i didn't donate money to ensure that braff had final cut. i donated money because i liked what he did with garden state. so... high five, braff. go do great things with all the extra cash.
for everybody saying "oh he already told us this" no he said they would help fund it. its being said that they are going to fully fund the movie. they are paying for everything. not us. it sucks because he is making a joke of the other projects that are here with good intentions
@celine - that could be just marketing from worldwide entertainment. we'll see
so where does that leave us after zach said this in the la times last week: mn: have any industry types who’d rejected you before come and said, ‘you know, maybe we were too hasty. can we get back in?' zb: of course. it’s always like that for me. it was like that with 'garden state. it was like that with the play i did a few years ago (the dialogue-heavy comedy 'all new people,' which played off-broadway and then on the west end). people who were cold suddenly are hot after it comes out. mn: would you take any of their money now? zb: i think that would be in bad taste for all the people who are backing this. it wouldn’t be in the spirit of the thing. http://www.latimes.com/entertainment/movies/moviesnow/la-et-mn-zach-braff-kickstarter-wish-i-was-here-20130503,0,2100578.story
@ricardo that's what i think too, but the ceo of worldwide entertainment apparently stated the money they're giving will fund the movie. they don't mention distribution, which gives me some doubts as to how useful our contributions are.  but obviously the best thing to do is to wait for an update, which i'll hope we'll get soon.
zach tweeted not that long that backers know of the three ways the movie is getting funded. i think he answered that question.
isn't this deal with worldview the deal zach clearly said he was going for on a previous update? he said that he would get the money from 3 sources: - kickstarter - his own money - selling the rights to worldwide distribution at cannes. isn't this exactly what happened? (i have never heard of worldwide entertainment before, so i have no idea what kind of company they are) i think the best thing to do with a situation like this is to put it all in the open, so i hope zach makes a statement. and i think qe should all just wait for him to answer, because so far, the updates are being great and this seems to go along with what he said previously. be patient people
in fact, he explicitly stated that he would not take studio money in an interview. this is an outright scam and should be taken down immediately, and i will spend the next eight days ensuring that this happens.
first off, i wonder how long it will take before braff updates the ks with information on the fact that we are no longer funding a movie, but are, in fact, funding his ability to become richer. secondly, lucille, let's chat. in the kickstarter, he states that becoming involved with a typical financial deal for his film would hurt it. and yet, he has literally made that exact, typical financial situation occur with this movie. one of the very first implications - clear implications - is that this movie would be one made as an indie production, without any studio influence. this is literally the exact opposite of that, as the film has been completely supported by a big studio. he later states that he brought this to kickstarter for the purpose of being financed by fans, and not a studio. now, braff's movie is 100% funded by the kind of people he explicitly stated he doesn't want to be financed by. that, my friend, is fraud. according to the faq, all funds will go toward the movie, nothing else. so is he planning on spending $4.5 million instead of $2 million on his "indie" production?
for heavens sake will people get it once and for all...our relatively small backing dollars-wise towards wish i were here...is worth hundred-fold to us in being part of zb's project.  for my $forty contribution i receive many valuable and interesting benefits.  let it go detractors and naysayers!
very sad that all pledged for the berlin screening is sold. can you made +1? ;)
zach, coco - can you comment on this? do you guys not need the kickstarter funds anymore?  http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/cannes-zach-braffs-kickstarter-film-523352
zach or coco can you please comment on this, http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/cannes-zach-braffs-kickstarter-film-523352
looks like the film is fully funded now!  http://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/cannes-zach-braffs-kickstarter-film-523352
i would have voted for the kitten's taint shirt in a heartbeat, if the grammar were correct :( /grammarnazi
went on and voted for t, fun!
can we get more spots for the showing in ny?  500 was definitely not enough!
i now have a newfound desire to write a screenplay for the sole purpose of casting my own family...i may have some issues to work out.
casting so far is sublime!  mandy as dad to zach and josh is gonna be terrific!  now - please - advance screening in san diego!!!
unable to open website to view t shirts and vote.
mexico´s screening!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! please!!!!!
http://www.indiegogo.com/projects/don-t-back-zach i think that these people are crazy but they can do whatever and i think if the ad get printed it will not stop celebrities from using kickstarter it open to everyone.
wow, amanda victoria. i clicked on that link, and saw the campaign. some people don't get it. i really hope the 1 person that kicked in $100 to have their face in the ad was actually zach braff.
i realize zach's gotten a lot of flack for this project, but after hearing all of his arguments for it, i decided to contribute. i think he brings a lot of eyeballs to the site and some of us smaller campaigners reap some benefit from it. http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1112303641/seattle-48-hour-film-project-2013 that's my project and i got $100 within several minutes of launching from a complete stranger in florida who saw the project on the recently launched page. is there a possibility this person may have been snooping through the site because of this project? i think it's possible, so ultimately i think  known celebrities funding personal projects on here is alright to an extent.
http://www.indiegogo.com/projects/don-t-back-zach don't think it's gona fly! nice attempt though.
i'm thrilled you have added josh gad as your brother.  i saw book of mormon twice and he is an absolute riot.  another great addition to your kickstarter family!  glad to be a part of it.
just become aware of the project .. great!
is there a way of getting the dvd and 2 tickets to the preview? i've backed for 2 preview tickets, but would love a copy of the dvd too... any thoughts - maybe a stretch goal/add-on?? great stuff though - cannot wait - something to look forward to in 2014! :)
whoops, posted the wrong url. facebook fan page for wish i was here: https://www.facebook.com/wishiwasherefilm
this project, along with the vm project, became huge. so happy about them reaching the goals so fast! if anyone is interested in another great little kickstarter project, check out 'lost on purpose'. it is much smaller, but looks really wonderful.
i hate to sound like one of those shameless promoters, but i happen to a friend starting their own film. even if they do take a friendly jab (i think, i hope, lol >_>) i thought it would be pretty awesome and hopefully something that zach wouldn't mind looking at, maybe even giving a little verbal support if anything. i know a lot of people are getting at you about the kickstarter, i still think it is great, i don't care if it's someones first time making a movie or millionth, if you have an amazing idea and you know how you want it to be and you know that if you make it go corporate that you lose something from it,then do what you have to do. i don't care who says otherwise to either side, if you have a great plan, idea, what not or what have you, you deserve the shot to do it your way, the way it was meant to be. hey maybe some of the backers here wouldn't mind helping out and giving someone else a chance to accomplish their dreams, heck if every back here just gave $1, then they would meet their goal, i know that prob won't happen, but it would be pretty awesome. well here's the movie  http://kck.st/166q4tw back to this project!!! i love seeing all the progress and watching the pledge counter go up. the screening is prob going to be the highlight of my year, can't wait to see what's in store next.
unofficial "wish you were here" facebook page.. https://www.facebook.com/wishiwashereunofficial
zb another greatt choice...josh gad is hilarious.  i look forward to seeing the two of you interact as brothers inwiwh!
@peter vaughan - that word. i do not think it means what you think it means.
hey guys! go on over to the film lost on purpose! they have some reward tiers!! you can go with a producer for a day and learn the business, have your own song wrote about you, and tons of autographs!! even a dinner with octavia spencer!  they only have 4 days left! the movie is awesome!! already made, needs help distributing. can even get your name in the credits. spread the word!
i would change my donation level in a second if there was a seattle screening option! or like others have said, at least in one of our great pacific northwest cities.  (:
i am so excited to be a part of this project!! i am a first time kickster user and can see myself easily getting lost in all it has to offer! i agree with kayla p. the pacific northwest needs some loving with early screenings!!
seattle, portland, vancouver... :d
i feel like i just purchased your friendship.. i'm ok with it.
oh and my twitter handle is @dalybear
hey everybody, so for the next hour on twitter i will donate 4 dollars for each new follower i get. i wanna see this thing get to 3 million! currently i am at 424, if i get 10 new followers than 40 bucks will be added! let's go!
best news so far!!!!!!!!!!!! mp is the bomb dot com! he is #1 on my ultimate dinner guest list.
i just saw mr. patinkin do a performance in philly last month.  an amazing talent.  exciting news!
wow, what a great casting announcement! so excited to see who's next.
hey zach! words cannot express the excitement i have for this film! i've waited forever it seems for another zach braff masterpiece and to have the oppurtunity to be a part of that is
is there a 6-fingered man in the movie?
zach, is there any concern that, even with 3 screenings, the servers will be overloaded during the online screening of the film with so many people watching?
wow, i was interested and excited before, but this news about mandy just got me all giddy!  i *just* caught up on the last episode of homeland over the weekend and mandy had me in tears as he said the kaddish prayer.  i of course also loved him in criminal minds and the princess bride.  he has one of the most famous lines ever!  i can't wait!  welcome, mandy!
love it zach!  mandy patinkin is perfect....i am older than you, my first memory of him is from when i was lucky enough to see him as che in evita on broadway!!  way back i know...but he is always terrific. good job zb!
wooooooo!
mandy patinkin is the perfect choice!  what a talent he is. i still remember him from "chicago hope."
this is so exciting!  mandy could so be your dad zach!  every update makes happier for signing on to this and and i'm thinking of upping my pledge - any chance for a showing in san diego??????
inconceivable!
hey zach, have you ever thought about instrumental/post-rock bands for your upcoming soundtrack? i'm talking about groups such as sigur ròs, god is an astronaut and explosions in the sky. i think you need to check them out ;)
god, i'm so happy i stumbled on this campaign. garden state is *so* one of my favorite films. i hope you find a natalie portman for this movie, too, to bring the writing to life with her magic.
zach i've now backed you on kickstarter! i loved 'scrubs' and 'garden state' and can't wait too see 'wish i was here'. i know how you love your music so if you get a chance have a listen to these tracks (who knows you might like some enough to use in the soundtrack for the new movie): http://www.youtube.com/watch… http://www.youtube.com/watch… http://www.youtube.com/watch… http://www.youtube.com/watch… http://www.youtube.com/watch… http://www.youtube.com/watch… actions - films of colour www.youtube.com actions - films of colour http://wp.me/p10wn0-4h
this is probably the most worthless comment ever but i just realized zach and donald were respectively wearing blue and green in the video #scrubs
@robin - there are two levels, at the $100 level, only 1 ticket.  there is a $200 level that includes 2 tickets.
hi zach, i backed you for the paris screening as my girlfriend's favourite movie is garden state. can you tell me if that backing gets us two tickets or just the one, if so can we get another ticket without all the extras somehow? thanks in advance! robin
hey zach and coco! thank you for all the updates that we get as backers: i really enjoy receiving the emails and feeling part of this community :) please check: - of monsters and men "dirty paws" or "little talks" and - herman dune "i wish that i could see you soon" for the movie soundtrack!
cannot wait to see the submissions of art work for the tee... can we vote on the top five or ten?? xo. bunker ps. coco - bunker again-this one for my other daughter.  lol.
hey, zach. i've already pledged $50. i'll pledge another $200, if you set up a screening in either new zealand or australia.  there's 30 million people in those two countries combined. i really hope you do it. i have friends who would pay for that as well. good luck with the movie :).
listened to your interview on cbc radio last night  http://www.cbc.ca/day6/blog/2013/05/03/zach-braff-on-funding-his-film-through-kickstarter/ was surprised to hear that some people were against this project, i guess they don't understand kickstarter and how it works.
as the mom of a home-schooler who also happens to be an actress, i am so excited we get to be backers of this film :) just let us know if you need any cute little asian girl actors. hey, she could be adopted! you never know!
will zach personally be at the prescreening  for the question and answer sessions?
pledge done! see you in paris for the screening, and above all: "trois fois merde" for the shooting! mat
ha ha excellent.. !! taking a break from saturday night working on the 'puter to watch youtube and as one does when ones a procrastinator (well.. i am working on a saturday night at home), mccartney 'dance tonight' video featuring natalie portman leads to garden state skit that leads leads to scrubs skit that leads to kickstarter project!... and managed to get the last tickets to the london screening. as i said.. excellent. see you there. good luck zach!
hey guys ! i've just stumbled upon this awesome project ! it's a comic book western with monkey characters (like in blacksad) and the artwork is just wonderfabulous ! check it out and pleaaaase help found this glorious project  :d  --> http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/andydoodlesbaker/the-good-the-bad-and-the-monkey
hi zach, i am interested to know what kind of cameras you are planning on using for the project. (i am a film major in college so i'm curious)
zach and coco! check out the song "hero" by family of the year. they kind of remind me of iron and wine and little bit?
i reckon you would be all over this hjaltalín - crack in a stone http://www.youtube.com/watch… thank me later :d
hi zach and coco! awesome on the success of this project. i can't wait to see the final cut, and i can respect not wanting to hand over final say in you creative baby. i just backed you guys but in hopes of a selfish investment (since you already made your goal). i pledged to this project in hopes of getting a return on it in the form of pledges to my film "falling inside out". we are at 15 days left to deadline and only 9% of goal. we're asking 3,200 but really need 8000-10,000... i hope karma is kind and good luck with your production! thanks.
how about a new orleans screening?????
so excited to be a part of this kickstarter! i loved garden state and scrubs but didn't realize that you were such a social media bad ass - thanks for being awesome!
hey guys. want to be part of another great project, too? go check out lost on purpose. it has james lafferty, aaron hill, c. thomas howell, octavia spencer, jane kraczmak( the mom from malcolm in the middle) its already finished. they need help distributing it! tons of autographed stuff and shirts! you'll like it!!!
i want a t-shirt blacker than a black kittens tookus on a moonless prairie night.
soundtrack song suggestion: the format - career day. when reading the new storyline summery this one just popped into my head right away. and of cause it's an awesome song ;-)
ps can we get an update video that contains scooter! i love him and i don't even know him.
when i thought about your leading lady being smart funny likeable and believable i couldn't stop thinking about hilarie burton
in history should be suicide. i am absolutely sure.
ever thought of maybe using donald glover (from the show community) as an actor in the movie or maybe do a song (as childish gambino) for the soundtrack or maybe get him to do both.  he has skills in both areas.
i am so happy to be a part of what i anticipate to be an incredible project!  i would also have been happy to back the making of this film even without rewards, but i do have a question...  i contributed prior to you adding an sf screening & live q&a. i contributed more than the minimum for that reward option, however by the time i noticed you added sf, no more spots were available.  i would so love to be a part of this pre-screening if there is any possibility of that. i'm just so excited for this project and the outpouring of support from all of us who believe in you and want your vision to come to life the way you wanted it to. please let me know if there will be more spots available for the sf screening. either way, i'm behind you 1000% and as you can see, i'm not the only one who believes in you zach!!! best wishes,  kirsten pennington  fairfield, ca
i'm super excited to back this project. i just wish i lived in an area where you were holding the screenings. i loved garden state, and i know this will be just as good or better.
i have an ep of my own that i'm about to release. i know it's not much, but it's what i have - am i able to offer that to you to use at your discretion, free of charge?
how do i pledge for two different rewards? i pledged for the screening but i want to pledge another 150 for the signed copy of garden state .
how about a screening in kansas city?
how about a seattle screening! yayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
also...i listened to your radio interview the other day and thought you did a great job in answering your critics. i think most of the haters fall into 2 camps - those who are jealous that this is working so well for you (and dirty they didn't think of it first) and those who fear losing control of the game. either way....teehee....
i love this project & am excited to be a part of it. great job with all the updates, amazing to be involved with something as cool as this from all the way down here in aus!!
zach, massive fan! please please please can you: get don faison to dance his awesome stuff while you sing. it would make an awesome scene or video, i'm not trying to change your story or trying to myself big. but you guys are freaking awesome, and think it's what the people (your fans) want. i maybe wrong and just speaking up out of turn. but i watch your stuff religiously especially scrubs. we need this, if you read this. thank you very very much for doing so and all you had done with scrubs, with everything, so many entertained years.
candace & jenn - agreed. i am in my mid forties and the themes presented in garden state still ring true. watched it a few weeks ago and it is still as good as i recall.
btw, zach.  watched your @kickstartedfilm video.  kudos to you. two things: 1) get some sleep and 2) i don't know if others have mentioned it, but check out the bands "gold motel" and "the hush sound".  local chicago bands whom i adore.  they always bring me out of the deepest of funks.
candace, i'm with you.  i'm closely approaching 40, live in the burbs and have a kid and i still feel garden state is a brilliant film.  it makes me cry every time.
so after following all the news about all the hell you are getting for this campaign, i decided to re-each garden state. all the critics keep making all these negative statements and i thought, maybe i need to watch it now at this age and see if i still love it. i just watched and was moved to tears. loved every second. every insight. brilliant. can't wait for wish i was here.
i've always looked at kickstarter campaigns and never committed to one until now, thank you zach, i'm really looking forward to this film and really looking forward to helping crowd fund many other projects, especially smaller ones that don't have the same clout as you've been lucky enough to have, awesome work!! :d
big fan of your work zach. i ended up living with my housemate in college after we met randomly one day drinking and began quoting scrubs! delighted to be part of something i know will be very special. also come to ireland for beers!
hay! if you still take into account suggestions for the soundtrack, i think you should definitely listen to kodaline. they're a new band that will make everyone tear their eyes out. check out songs like all i want, high hopes, all my friends or perfect world (to name a few). i really think they'd be great for wish i was here.  oh and for a sunny day sequence, shuffle by the bombay bicycle club would be perfect.
you should listen to the album 'the late blue' by gypsy and the cat. great aussie band with an amazing sound :)
@becca slick - what an amazing story. you are definitely among friends here :) welcome!
becca slick...your comments about scrubs and zb helping you through your depression were important and true.  i appreciated your sharing your experience.
i am happy to be a backer. it may be a small part, but i am happy to give something. :d
i was finally able to help out a bit. i wanted to do more but car troubles in la are bad news.  anyway, not sure if you'll read this... just thought you should know scrubs was a show that helped me cope with debilitating depression and anxiety a few years back. a good friend of mine introduced me to scrubs in it's third season. after watching the first few episodes at his house i went out and bought the first two seasons. then i proceeded to watch every episode back to back like an addict. and i played those seasons over and over to anyone and everyone trying to get people as addicted as i had become.  i'd watch their faces and make sure they laughed when i did and would examine their faces for any sign that they were enjoying it the same way i did. every facial tick, twitch of the lips... glint in the eye... ya know... it was validation.   it was my weird way of reaching out to people... trying to connect with people i had no idea how to connect with. i didn't know how to tell people how sad i was. but laughing with the people around me made the sadness subside for a while. it gave me a way to connect with people.  i dunno maybe that sounds really dumb. or maybe i'm just really weird.  i was always a shy kid and bullying really broke me down. i didn't know how to fight back so i just felt defeated, incredibly alone, awkward and full of anxiety and self hate. and to see jd be this kind, funny, sweet, intelligent young man with a heart of gold, incredible imagination, and silly internal dialogue move through life's obstacles  with a great sense of humor (and perfectly thought out story lines... go writers!) helped me cope. in my own way i felt like jd, wide eyed and just looking for approval and friendship.  you were so good as jd i still see you as him. so in some really weird stalker-ish way i feel like i know you, i feel like you've been my friend and friends help each other out. so here's a 10 spot. i know you'll catch me later. ;p
yes beth!! lost on purpose is an awesome movie. also did anybody see donald faison is being sued? i guess he doesn't pay his agents. uh oh. better get that all figured out before he starts this  movie
big fan of your work zach. so stoked for this new film and getting to be a part of it. my first project backed on kickstarter. how about some local natives in the soundtrack. perhaps "breakers".
like scrubs, love garden state. you sold me with the kickstartedmovie interview, for my first backing. if i may suggest a group for casting consideration; anyone from "community". my imdb-search-fu doesn't show you or donald having any direct interactions with them, so i felt like i needed to suggest what i see as a nice match. good luck...excited to see some of the production diary.
i think you're awesome! i love garden state! have been listening to the amazing soundtrack ever since i watched that movie! good luck!
glad to be a part of something special!
@ellencompton thanks for the link. great interview.
i'm just going to keep leaving random sad comments begging you to come to seattle, or portland, or vancouver. only two weeks to bump my backing up to $100! (no, but really, i appreciate this project, and i'm so happy to be a part of it. :])
here is a movie project that is close to being funded.  http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/273375852/lost-on-purpose lost on purpose stars james lafferty, c. thomas howell, and octavia spencer. the movie is already completed. the funds will be used to distribute the film. they have 10 days left to reach their $40,000 goal and they still need $7,454.
@chloemathieu love camera obscura, and now i'll find out about twenty one pilots.  always nice to get the daily recommended dose of awesomesauce early.
very excited for this! just as you predict in your recent interview i am now off to browse other projects. also re soundtrack / general music chat, please check out an english band called stornoway and a a singer a think could fit this film 'the tallest man on earth'. good luck.
good luck man, cant wait to see the film.
i am so excited to be a part of this fantastic platform for what will inevitably lead to an amazing film! loving kickstarter! good luck zach and his team!
so excited to be a part of this project! i've always loved tv & movies!! it used to be a secret ambition of mine to work behind the scenes on movies, and although my life took a totally different wonderful path, with this project i feel like i am getting to fulfill this dream to some degree! love love love garden state and scrubs! so enjoying this journey and look forward to it continuing and seeing the final product! i already don't want it to end!! thanks for the opportunity to be a part of wish i was here & good luck zach & everyone working on the project :)
@rorybrewster thanks for the music \o/ jenny owen youngs is really good stuff. you can check camera obscura & twenty one pilots, they are awesome too :)
just viewed the kickstarted interview and feeling so much joy and excitement for this project. i had complete faith in you from scrubs only recently viewing garden state and finding it as majestic as a donald faison eagle. hopefully each kickstarter update won't distract me too much from my hsc exams. wishing you the best of luck and wishing you were here in aus. cheers, munga
since we know you read all the comments posted ^^: great interview on kickstarter zach! we hit 2,5 millions $ yeah!
after stumbling upon the garden state trailer all those years ago, straight away i knew this man had an artistic vision i could get behind. as someone that experienced many of the situations depicted in garden state i'm super excited to hear that wish i was here might also be a movie i can connect with on a  personal level given that i'm a new father in my mid-30's. i'm really excited to help fund this story and watch the creative process unfold through some behind the scenes content. thank you zach, from melbourne, australia.
would love a screening in cape town, south africa gets no love :)  the green shirt blue shirt thing was great. made my day.
i really, really wish i could pledge more than the $20 i did.  i have been looking forward to you directing something else since garden state, it's one of my all time favorite movies. also, related to the video on here: i think it was pretty genius putting donald in a green shirt and yourself in a blue shirt.  :d
a screening in tokyo would be amazing! :)
can you work john c. mcginley into the film? loved him in scrubs and office space.
so keen for this! do a screening in australia pleeeeeeeeeaasse!
great interview: http://mashable.com/2013/05/08/zach-braff-interview/. this project brought me to kickstarter and thank you for that as well.
initial font live in a city with a screening. if i get the vinyl perk can some one else go to the screening?
@tim i so agree. i didn't like he was saying not ure who would be in it when he had them in the intro. he reached his goal of 2 mil so i figured with that he knew he would get those guys.
i gave you $30 to try and meet my unrealistically high expectations for this film (garden state is one of my favorites). i'm sure it will be worth it!
oh, and donald and co better be in it after teasing them in the intro video!
love to support this zach! consider a washington dc release, or a lower dvd pledge as i would totally upgrade for it.
thanks for all the updates, zach.  i'm getting more excited about this project every day. at some point, i'll have to confess to my husband that i've dipped into my savings account to be a backer :)  good luck!!
i think you need to add more rewards so you'll get more money.  why no meet and greet in nyc? :(. like the vm movie, maybe add follow someone on twitter for a year reward or personally signed headshot of you?  maybe those are dumb ideas, but i want you to make this the best movie you can without having to sacrifice to budget contraints. xoxoy :)
every single day i see a new update it reminds me how awesome (i know) this film will be. recently i find myself watching and re-watching garden state, knowing this film will be a step up from it. we all wish you luck zach, and thanks for allowing us all to join your little (well, large) club. luck from the uk.
ironically, i discovered this project in a hit piece complaining that "rich people" like braff shouldn't be allowed to do ks projects...  ha.
@ micheal stratton.... i missed out on london also. so i decided to go to paris instead!!! dedication to the cause!! good luck zach and see you in paris!
hey zach, just watched your kickstarter interview (nicely done), and between that and the playlist compilation poster i wanted to share an artist you may like.  she, the magnificent jenny owen youngs (with the best initials ever: joy), managed to do her 3rd album with kickstarter.  all three albums are great, though the easiest way to get hooked is to see her cover of "hot in here."  it won't disappoint. (i'm pretty sure she would be more than pleased if a song made it onto your soundtrack, or even your ipod)
glad i stumpled upon this.. go zach braff! :)
godspeed, zach braff.  which i guess is equivalent to saying "the speed of light, zach braff"?  or can god propagate at faster than the speed of light?  i mean, from his perspective, were he traveling at the speed of light he would arrive at the moment he departed (if my physics serves me).  but he'd also have to be massless to achieve light speed...  hmm.  perhaps i should just wish you the best of luck instead. see you in chicago!
this is ground breaking!! i'm happy to be apart of this
this is the first thing i've ever backed on kickstarter, though i've always been interested in it.  i'm so happy you're making another independent movie.  i wish i had more to give but i'm excited to see this movie and what else you may make in the future.  i also disagree with the claims this hurts kickstarter because i personally hope to back other projects assuming this project is successful.
i have high hopes for this movie and am excited for the weekly updates to come.
thx ellen compton..glad you shared zach's interview.  and yay 2.5 million...let's hit 3!
i have ellen c, that´s what convinced me to back his project! good work zach
has everyone seen this fantastic interview with zach in which he responds to his kickstarter critics?  fascinating to hear his take on this whole project! take a listen! http://mashable.com/2013/05/08/zach-braff-interview/
saw your kickstarted video, ok you wore me down! i stand with you zach and team to make whatever movie you want. my pledge is go against the very misguided/jealous haters in the film community
hi zach, let me just say that i love your work and am very excited about this project. also it would be great if you could use some tunes from our beloved steve carlson who's also got his project here: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/stevecarlson/different-town-the-film-0 . he is so talented and could be a good fit for this movie. xoxo from czech republic....oh and we have international film festival here as well, you can check it out here: http://www.kviff.com/en/news/ for potentional distributional purposes. thanks for listening, see ya
would be totally awesome to have a screening in pittsburgh, pa -- the hollywood of the east!
big fan of scrubs and zach braff, couldn't go without contributing. looking forward to the finished product! perhaps a screening for melbourne, australia?
totally gutted that i missed out on the london screening! please squeeze me in, i'll sit on the floor! :)
awesome idea and i love that you can do this with artistic freedom. if you need any music for the film i have some music that you can use for free...obviously only if you want to. you can listen to the album at http://lukejameslive.bandcamp.com i'm only saying this because you said something about not being able to get the rights for great music...well here is your chance to get some good music for free :) rock on and best of luck!
really looking forward to seeing what you do zach, i've got total faith that it'll be brilliant. very disappointing to see people criticising on this but it seems that some people just want to tear the world down instead of creating beautiful things. criticising things is easy, but putting yourself out there and creating something great is where our focus should be. i haven't got much money but i've pledged what i can because at the end of the day i want a world full of things like this, not negativity. good luck! :)
backer from sweden, i wonder if you will handle the playlist via spotify?
officale backers as of today! so excited! can't wait for the screening in chicago! can't tell you how long i have waited for the moment that you, zach braff, would make another movie. garden state has been one of my favorite movies since it came out.aaaaahhhhh, so excited!!!!
backer from chicago, hope we get a screening out here!  i'd love to see this on the big screen!
just became a backer! all the way from sydney, australia! would have loved a q & a here, but i get the whole distance thing :-) love what you are doing! now go make that movie!!
congrats. i think this just broke into the top 10 most successfully funded kickstarter projects ever.
just became a backer, only $10 but i hope it helps! looking forward to the updates :)
please come anywhere close to memphis! btw thanks for showing me kickstarter. i didn't know about it and have now backed 13 projects including yours!
thank you zach for showing me this awesome site!
i'm so excited about this project. just watched zach's response video and as someone that is 100% new to kickstarter, i think it's amazing, plus i'm looking to invest in other projects now. so happy this came around.
please bring a screening to atlanta. we have the perfect venue - the plaza theater. it's the oldest theater in atlanta and screens mostly indie films. the atlanta film festival uses the plaza for their festival and it's just a wonderful venue. please bring a screening to atlanta! thanks!
hey zach, i'm a huge fan, i rode 2 days on a donkey to the nearest village from my home, in romania that has a computer, to back this! jk, i don't have a donkey! good luck!
hey zach i'm a huge huge fan and wanted to really feel like i'm apart of your amazing vision so i thought ill suggest some songs and see what you think, ill post lots more,  comes and goes - greg laswell feather stone- the paper kites let her go- passenger static waves -andrew belle thanks for taking the time to read.
hey zach - do you have any thoughts on helping promote fellow actors/filmmakers as a reward? i haven't decided what i think about it... i mean like, if you were to like my acting page (www.facebook.com/jackiacts) or share something on twitter - using your social reach to help fellow artists. is that lame? i can't decide:)
hey zach you should get mona the band on the soundtrack check them out ! also some frank turner ! looking forward to the  movie :)
just watched the "high cost of living". when you watch scrubs there's a possibility to miss your performance of acting, but now, it's obvious how brillant you are. great movie, but very sad. looking forward to this zach !
how about a seattle screening??
we need to help zb do just as good if not better than the veronica mars ks.... if everyone shared or tweeted this... it would make a difference.
@harsh - check the video on the main page.  he basically addresses that.
hi there! i have a question! for you, can we take a picture with zach during the meet & greet?? :)
hey zach, i was very thrilled when i saw your project and backed it up immediately. have been sharing with friends and co-workers how cool it is to be part of such project. one of them sent me a blog about your project. http://kenlevine.blogspot.com/2013/05/i-wont-give-zach-braff-one-dime.html… would love to hear your view about it.  thanks!!
@alberto grandissimo! anche tu meet and greet? :)
@matteo grande, ci sono anche io! comunque bisogna fare passaparola,moltissimi che verrebbero non sanno nulla :)  spread the word.
can you explain why it's imperative it takes place and is shot in la? most viewers wouldn't even care let alone notice.
ok so i am going to repeat this so it doesnt happen here. what you pledge has nothing to do with what your reward is. they are not connected. after you type in your pledge amount you must select what reward you want. a lot of veronica mars backers didnt figure that out till after the project ended. just click "manage your pledge" and scroll down to the reward tier you wanted and select it. the email you get should say what your reward is too. or if you scroll down the side to see all the tiers your should be highlighted saying you selected dont want people to miss out
yay! by adding those other euro city screenings, it freed up some spaces at the london one so now i'm in, baby!
love being a part of this! i know you're working hard zach, we appreciate!!
where's the jersey love? how about a screening in montclair, maplewood, morristown, or any other town that starts with an m? don't forget your roots!
when are you going to announce philadelphia? it is as certain as when you and donald are together and the eagle is performed.
oh and big wheels and time to win also by down with webster
music suggestions down with webster: rich girl, shes dope, whoa is me, your man. awesome songs!
@margherita era il mio sogno! non potevo non prenderlo!! :)
can't think of many useful suggestions for music right now but bastille have already been mentioned and overjoyed is a superb song https://www.youtube.com/watch…
i'm in!!!! slight complaint: most of the video updates are unwatchable on my nexus 7 :/ vimeo works fine though. excited to finally be a part of this, i just couldn't decide what level to pledge at until now!
portland! portland! portland! a lot of fans in the great pacific northwest would love to be able to go to a screening! i'd even make the drive up to seattle if that was an option, but real talk, let's get a screening in portland on the schedule!
a plea for our nation's capital, washington, d.c.?  we get the shaft on these things far too often.  woe is us. ;)
@jason. it doesnt look like it. but maybe they will be doing it at the same time? not sure. i am much more excited for to meet zach braff at the screening anyway. oh and check out the group posted below for the screenings. good way to meet up with people going to the same screening.
if you selected one of the in-person screenings, will you also get access to the online screenings as well? it sort of implies you won't by not listing it explicitly, but i'm guessing most of us who go to a screening would also want to watch the online screenings as well.
i am so excited about this movie!! would be awesome if you could make a screening or meet and greet in indianapolis indiana! i don't know how many other people have been suggesting indianapolis, but it's a wonderful city. i was too late on the chicago showings and the rest of the cities are too far for me. looking forward to this film, it will be amazing!  *crossing fingers for indianapolis indiana screening or meet and greet!* :)
thank you for the advance screening in paris !!!!!!!  also, for the soundtrack, edward sharpe and the magnetic zero is an awesome band !
@matteo non sai quanto ti invidio! ho dovuto discutere con mia madre fino a mo' per i 40$ d:
@elysia thanks for your answer! now i've deleted and repeated the procedure and now on "the meet and greet" reward there is written "you selected"!
don't forget you can meet some peeps before going to the screenings! join the facebook group page here -----> https://www.facebook.com/groups/wishiwashereadvscreenings/…  see you in 2014!
any chance you would be able to host a screening in asia??
i think it already is. not many get into the millions. veronica mars in the 3rd and it was 5.7 million. so i doubt there is that many more million dollar projects. i could be wrong
lets see this get into the top 10 largest successfully funded kickstarter projects.
@matteo did you select that reward? pledging $600 doesnt mean you automatically get the $600 reward. since you can back any amount you want and not ask for anything. they are not connected. after typing in $600 pledge you must scroll down and select the reward you want. a lot of veronica mars fans screwed that up and by the time they realized it the campaign was over.
thank you for making me smile, with love, michela, italy
hi!  i've bought the reward of 600$ (meet & greet in rome), but the backers' number is not decreased after i've bought!  did i correctly buy?? thanks very much!
@saurabh they will send a survey for you to fill out all that info including where you want your stuff shipped
please!! can you please come back to australia zach!! you must know how much we love you down here you beautiful man! we have pledged for the london screening optimistically(foolishly??) hoping we can scrape together the money to make it. not sure what we were thinking other than this is incredible and we need to be a part of it-may have to sell the wifes body to fund the trip but its a sacrifice we're both willing to make! oddly enough she seems more than keen-bigger fan than i thought obviously. we have laughed with you(singing guy love in my head) cried with you(singing guy love in my head) cursed at you(singing guy... ok you get it) understood where you were coming from(thankyou garden state) and loved you through it all. we're not above bribery- there shall be appletinis on request and hot and cold running onesies. just do it man -you know you want too. and please get some sleep you look exhausted- ecstatic but exhausted
backed for the paris screening! i've always been a huge fan of garden state, i couldn't wait to see you make another film and i'm so so happy that this is the way you decided to do it. i think it's great we're gonna see another movie under your full creative control!
i mean the billing address at amazon or would we have to provide a different address?
hey guys do you know which address will i receive my tee shirt and poster?
hi zach, like everyone else here i am waiting in giddy anticipation for your next film! it would be great if you could consider having a special screeing  for all your fans here in australia! please? whata think? hugs from downunder :)
dvds? blu-rays? can we get dvds or blu-rays? maybe even a special coupon for money off dvds/blu-rays? or just a dvd or blu-ray upon release? i'm thinking if i say dvds and blu-rays enough you'll relent to letting us have them :d
@james - 110 for one ticket+your rewards, there is another pledge level further down the page, 220 for tow tickets + two lots of rewards (price includes shipping)
wuuhuu.. coming from switzerland to berlin!! can't wait for the meet and greet!
i hope the screening in berlin is in english. don't mess with that!
thank you zach.. for berlin.. i will be there...
come to australia!!! pretty please!!
waiting for you in göteborg sweden! :)
there's spaces on the london now! do you get a plus 1 or is it ticket for one :)?
come to london again! pleaseeeeeee
rome!!!! yesssss!!! ci vediamo a roma!!!! :-d
would love it if you came to sydney australia!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i have lupus and somedays it gets hard to get through the day but scrubs and your films always make me feel like its going to be ok. thank you for that. also, would you send me something signed? it would mean the world to me!
hey coco and zach, i just updated my pledge to the screening in berlin, woohoo! can you already tell which language the movie will be shown in? is the dubbing going to happen before or after the advanced screening and therefore before the actual premier? i'm asking because the friend i'm going to bring with me is not very good at understanding spoken english... cheers, jan schmitte
i love you zach!!!! please do a scrubs movie next!
was searching and searching for my very first project to back. so glad i picked this, cause zach you are a bit of a hero of mine. please come to australia dude, i bet there are easily enough australian backers already to sell out a cinema. preferably sydney, but f*** it, i'll fly to melbourne.
anyway the vinyls could get signed by you too? that would be sweet.
i have to agree with carlz. i think the journey to australia would be well worth while. garden state is such a beautifully made movie and i'd really love the chance to see this new project in a theatre, the way it should be. please consider it :) eaaggggllleeeeeee
i'm very excited about this movie! any chance of a screening in eastern australia? maybe melbourne this time, we have some beautiful theatres and a lot of supporters i think! oh what i wouldn't give to have your hand resting gently on my leg *swoons*
i would love to see a screening in denver.
i'm such a big fan and so excited about this movie. from scrubs to garden state, your work has been a big part of my life. me and my sister bonded watching episodes of scrubs for hours. your character really spoke to me, as a fellow chronic daydreamer. watching garden state for the first time opened me up to knowing that other people go through that too, and it's very real, but fixable. i just wanna say i really respect you and what you try to do, and i hope you can make a stop in central oregon, i'd love to meet you. sara
are there going to be any screenings in oregon?
zach, big fan and congrats on being funded. but now you have a bigger problem; more people want to see more of you!  with 18 days to go i think you need to open more screenings. $3m would put you in the top 10 kickstarter projects and bring even more pr to the film! more chicago screenings please :]
thank you for adding boston.  on a side note, there is now a nyc screening slot open.
there is a lot of buzz going on over on the lost on purpose page. it's a great film that is already made and needs help getting it out there. the have great priced tiers with autographs and limited edition tshirts and soundtracks. go give them some support too! a lot of the veronica mars marshmallows are starting to attach to it! i think some of the zb fans need to join in too!
a screening in palm springs would be awesome! bryan cranston co-owns an independent theater (palme d'or) in palm desert that often hosts q&a sessions with filmmakers. check them out! http://www.thepalme.com/contact.asp
i was just watching snl, and on the opening sketch - "fox and friends", they always have a list of corrections that flies by at the end.  i paused it to read the hilarious things and zach - you were mentioned in the last one!  i have a photo of it!
hey jersey guy - how about a screening in nj? if you have a soccer scene come out to butler/bloomingdale - a bunch of our kids, parents and coaches were used for the soccer game scenes in "bad parents".
can't wait to see the movie. sorry i'm late to pledge but had to wait til payday! watched garden state again last night. brilliant! katy from scotland
oh yeah, do you plan to come to paris for a premiere of the movie ? :)  (say yes says yes say yes !)
hi zach, adam, everybody ! just wanted to say that i'm proud to help you in your project, can't wait to see it ! :) i deeply know you'll make great work with this movie ! all my support from paris, where french people do support you all ! ouh yeah ! :) continuez les updates c'est super d'avoir de vos nouvelles ! woop woop ! \o/
is there going to be any more early viewings in england at all?
an early screening in moscow would be amazing! i'm sure we got enough fans here in russia who'd love to come!
to whoever selected alt-j for the playlist: thank you! thank you for introducing me to the most refreashing and amazing band i've listened to in a long while ;)
zach, i'm in my late 30's...ready for you to take us on another adventure, the way it was meant to be seen:d
can you add more tickets for the nyc after party? willing to up my pledge for this opportunity, especially since i'll be coming from ohio.
is there a way to get the screening ($200) and the signed dvd?
@rkdn studios.  interesting. thanks for the info.
@wayne http://theoatmeal.com/comics/tesla i could be all serious about it but here is the same reasons done in a comedic way so i don't bore you.
are you going to be able to use union crews to make this?  i'm thinking specifically of iatse, but my question applies to all the unions a guilds for all the film-making trades.
hey zach and team, wanted to let you know that while i backed this project last week, and have received a few kickstarter update emails...i did not receive one about the new boston screening.  wonder if others haven't either.  thought you would want to know so you can better get the word out.
is that a little mistake or are there really only 2 backers for the screening in toronto??
yes yes yes. let's do this. it's on. big time.
hey guys would love to see you in prague! have a great day!
why the hate for edison?
ok, done with this one.... where on kickstarter can i find "scrubs - the movie" now?!
maybe not having a quote from one of the biggest douche bag thieves to ever live on your front page might be a step in the right direction.
just put in $1 and will likely give the full $10 for the updates. i would willing to give more to own a copy of the movie. if that is not possible will defiantly be there opening weekend if it plays near toronto.
just downloaded and watched gardens state, i'm so sorry i didn't pay for it, awesome movie! so i added $15 to my pledge (: i'm really looking forward to this movie.
can't wait for this movie...lets do this! my music career never happened(one sad recording sitting in an itunes graveyard) and now i'm a dad in his mid 30's with 3 awesome kids and a beautiful wife trying to figure out what the hell i was put here for. make this for all us mid 30's shoulda, coulda, woulda's out there. see you in boston zb and friends. wish you all the best.!
yyyyyyyaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! *ahem* i'd like to thank you for adding the city of boston. it is appreciated.
i backed the project, but i was really close to exit after i saw that the goal is reached. so if it's possible to change the goal then make it and you won't lose possible backers. (i don't need any tangible reward, only may be some notifications about project status). good luck!
i just backed this project and i do hope it's gonna work out great - loved garden state - and wish i was here story sounds familiar with it's concept of a man who at the age of thirty something is 'still trying to find his identity; a purpose for his life” - time magazine online. anyway, felt like backing this project even if times are hard for many of us, so to speak - but it seems to be worth it! good luck mr. braff! :)
vinyl? i saw vinyl soundtracks were being offered- can we add this on to our pledge?
we flew past the 2 mill mark and have slowed down quite a bit. we need to get back on track and get the money moving hopefully past the 4-5 mill mark and maybe get some of the people zach really wants for the film but can't afford just yet.
first time backing a kickstarter project! i'll always remember my first!  ;) i'd like to suggest a screening in tampa. i know it's not as glamorous as your other locations, but the historic tampa theatre would be a great venue a d you could turn it into a family reunion is your other brother could make it.
http://kck.st/y55pmr 16% funded, i support zb, maybe some of you guys can help out our short film. not a comedy, rather a crime drama.  my directorial debut, shooting in nyc in june. wish i was here, can't wait for zb to shoot this!! any chance i can go on a set visit!  #dreaming!
whee, boston!  i'm in.
would love to see a digital download or physical cd version of the soundtrack as a reward.
here's your photo of franco taken later in the day, after some "refreshments" were served! [img]http://i43.tinypic.com/2i0ra4l.jpg[/img]
had to wait till after i paid my rent and credit card bills, but i'm glad to finally be a part of this amazing project. can't wait to get my signed poster! keep up the great work zach!!
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhh!!! i absolutely loved garden state and i was addicted to scrubs. i'm completely psyched you're going to do another film. it's too bad you're not making a tank top in addition to a tshirt though. but i'm super stoked for, "wish i was here"! can't wait for it...
i have been a fan of zach braff since scrubs then got blown away by his great work on garden state. i look forward to the fans helping to push this new endeavor to new heights by contributing as much as they can while spreading the word. we can't let the "money people" cut poor donald faison. i would love to see what the fantasy scenes will be a full fund capacity. gogogo.
create a reward less than $40 dollars that involves somebody getting a copy a the movie and you'll notice a huge influx of backers.
please consider using an awesome singer named meiko. she is a local la performer who often plays at the hotel cafe in hollywood. she has a show there next wednesday may 8. her music would be great for the soundtrack!
i love zach too! hilarious to the core!! could all if you also check out lost on purpose? please! they need some love too!
music suggestion. you gotta listen to this canadian band called stars. please??
hi zack and coco i'm a french fan and backer but that's not the point, i love your picture it's really good and i was just hanging around on youtube and found a video that you could like, i know there is no link with the subject here but whatever ^^  http://www.youtube.com/watch…
a dc advance screening would up my pledge. i'm just sayin'. good luck with everything. scrubs and garden state are two of my favorite things in the world.
hooch is for drinking!
zach, we need to have a talk, manchester orchestra has got to be on your playlist. please. lyrically and musically they would be perfect for a movie of your taste, check em out yo
i know you're listening zach, so i'll just say hooch is crazy! no, err, a soundtrack / blu-ray / dvd package would be awesome!
i'm going to go ahead and join the other australians in requesting your glorious presence in our weird and wonderful country. as a relatively young child i witnessed my first glimpse of scrubs, and i look back fondly on that moment with a mass amount of love and warmth. or at least i would if i could remember it, for if it was not for that fateful day, i would not know the omnipotent awesome that i know today. unfortunately we have pretty ridiculously shit internet here in australialand, and although i will definitely do everything in my power to view the online backer's screening in its entirety, it's not unlikely that many of us will miss out on quite a few scenes due to lag and refreshing and the like. it is a painful thing that we must endure, but such is life. i will likely travel anywhere in aus if you come hither for a screening, but i do live relatively close to brisbane (wink, wink). thanks + all the bestest  - j
zach! how about a stretch goal for people who are going to be at comic-con (me me me me)? like comic-con extras paying you to be in the film?
hey. would it be possible to offer the vinyl as a separate lower tier not including the t-shirt and art prints. i would love to have it but can't afford to pay $100 for all of the items. a separate tier around $40-50 which included the vinyl, soundtrack playlists, thank-you screening, script and production diary would be perfect. thanks.
hey zach! please make sure that people in austria (not the one with the kangaroos) can get a hold on your movie. if it is distributed digitally via itunes please make sure that there is an english track. don't spent too much money on localization. maybe just add subtitles. for my part, don't even bother creating a german version. thanks and keep up the good work! :-)
russell brand has a talk show?  flipping through the channels i hear him saying "zach braff" over and over again (apparently he likes the name).  so, i watch the rest of the episode and after mentioning the kickstarter, russell proceeds to convince zach to do gay porn.  i feel like my eyes and ears have been violated.
music.  dawn landes.  straight lines
will this be shown in australia. i am happy to be a backer, though sounds like we'll never see it here, i didn't see your first film. i didn't see it advertised in theatre . if it come to australia, i missed it. is there a way to can see your first film online?.  love your work regardless. rob
brandx was brilliant...although i do fear for those attempting to ...phallate a pineapple...??  gs2:now it's personal, sounds ammmmaaazing however.
i backed this project to tell how to help save a young child's life. four year old caesar sant, a wonderful little boy with many talents, has sickle cell disease. caesar just suffered a strokes from his disease and could really use the same kind of help zach is getting - the difference here is this is life or death. please help caesar's family reach his goal. by making a pledge here: https://www.crowdtilt.com/users/lsantos6 if everyone here gave a tenth of what you pledged to zack, it could enable caesar to get the stem cell treatment he needs, which could save his life. please watch his video and consider giving - whatever you can. yes, this is desperate and lame. but i hope you'll help this family. zach, best of luck with the film.
zach, after reading the update no 14 about the 'stretch goal' i decided to up my pledge for this wonderful project now instead of $60 i have upped it $100, and now i will have a vinyl record as well.  i have put it on facebook as well in the hopes of getting more people involved cause the more money the better the film.  is donald (turk) going to be in this movie, i just love you too together.  love your work and keep it up.
i would like to bold, italicise, and underline everything anthony has just said. we would love to see you down under. :)
hey zach, i know costs of doing what i'm about to suggest may be prohibitive, given the distance, but you frequently mention in interviews how australians are amongst your most loyal supporters. as such, i humbly request you add an australian city to your list of advanced screenings. probably sydney or melbourne, given their size. i have no preference, as i will have to travel to either from my home state (tasmania), and yet i'm willing to fork out for the flights on top of the kickstarter reward if it becomes a reality. all i can ask is you consider it. anyway, congratulations on the campaign.
this movie is going to be great, no doubt!!
hey guys! i also love backing certain projects to help push over the edge of the goal!!! something looking into with great incentives and lots of autographed stuff is lost on purpose!! the film is already made and has a lot of great actors!! please help them reach the small amount of 40,000. that peanuts compared to over 2mil!
will you have a panel at comic con this year?
this is such an amazing project! any way you can do an advanced screening in minneapolis?  we have a huge indie film community here.
elysia  the same story here. i usually pick projects i like but also some that are close ending to help reach there goal.
glad to be a part of this. looking forward to seeing the movie and cool kitty shirt.we'll spread the good word.
we went flying up to the 2 mill part and have kinda stalled since. it's a tough day and age to give but we at least have to beat veronica mars, c'mon.
alright. love that you guys are considering rome, paris and berlin, plus london! now, how about south america? *wink wink*. rio is looking pretty good, huh?
blu-ray or dvd please!
how about a cd or download copy of the soundtrack?
thanks jlw im gonna go check that out. i am so addicted to this website since veronica mars. i constantly search for things but i usually stick to the technology section. i love new gadgets
garden state was on cable last night - such a great movie!! here's hoping wiwh is as big a success. zach, you're just the best and we're so happy to back you on this.
any chance of a screening in dublin?
elyisa lances brewery tour is a movie/book autism and beer.
anybody? im looking for some new projects to back.  give me some ideas
i'm willing to chip in a bit more to get a signed movie poster by the cast.  already contributed 200.  stretch option?  i think a signed movie poster would be a great way to commemorate being part of the experience. just a thought.
anybody else backing any other projects? i backed lost on purpose. the movie is already made they are just trying to distribute the movie. so you get to see a trailer. check it out for $75 my name is in the credits, plus a dvd plus an autograph from james lafferty (one tree hill). http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/273375852/lost-on-purpose
soundtrack - frank turner would be cool
seeing how this movie looks like it will be a heart-felt, meaningful one it would be a shame if it didn't have an awesome official poster to go with it. i mean the movie posters from back in the day had a concept, they were witty, and awesome to look at. there are posters like that today, but they are mostly made by the fans as fan-art. so, suggestion: movie poster contest for wish i was here. the winner poster could be the official poster for the movie. just throwing it out there. you can throw it right back if you don't like it.
http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/autisminlove/autism-in-love-0/comments
zach and the gang! i'm honored to play even w small role in seeing this project come to life, but i'd love to see a dvd/blu-ray option added, even for an additional $10 or something?
what are the chances of a sydney screening being added to the list if there's enough people? with the backer's screening, i don't think the rest of the world understands how slow internet is in australia.
i meant to mention florence and the machine for the music post but kickstarter mobile site was acting up. i know imogen heap already said yes to the soundtrack but florence is cool too.
i just hope you are getting enough sleep, all the kick starter stuff seems to make a huge amount of extra work on top of making a movie.  (you can guess i'm a mum)  i only say this as i want to see the movie in london 2014 and no excuses!  good luck!
i donated just to ask this question. did donald wear that green shirt by coincidence?
i am happy and proud to back your project. you helped me once, about nine years ago. i jumped at the chance to give something back to you. i'm a huge fan and i can't wait to see the movie. good luck, zach!
any chance of shooting on film as a stretch goal? a follow up to garden state deserves to be on film.
i love that he still wears most;ly blue and has donald ware green i miss scrubs so much. but i loved that ending...till it wasent an ending i wonder if zach has moment where he thinks "what would jd do?"
congrats...throw up some more rewards and keep it going! if you need a cpa to help manage the millions, i have a 9-to-5 in irvine but would be willing to commute to la on nights/weekends!  happy to have backed on day 1!
i can't wait to see your beautiful creation.
best of luck zach & team. always keen to support artistic freedom.
if i already pledged more than $100 do i get the vinyl? i would like to :)
any chance of a signed vinyl reward? or having the vinyl included in other (higher) rewards?
nice work on the band collage!
i personally would love a poster but $175 is a little out of my price range lol. maybe add an unsigned poster to an $80 tier so i can have a poster? :)))
would be great if you add a 'vinyl only' option. :) thank you
any stretch goals?
angela, if you uprgrade your pledge  you also get the prints.
angela bennett,  as of now it does not seem to be. but i have not tried it yet just everyone is asking.
is it possible to pledge for another reward without creating another kickstarter account? i already pledged $125 for signed prints, but would love a signed poster for $175, too?
is there no chance of adding another 1,000 vinyl's, but having it as a separate incentive for a cheaper price? would really, really love to get my hands on one of those but can't afford $120
i also bought screening for 2 in chicago but would love a signed dvd and the vinyl ! great ideas. oh also picture with you at screening would be awesome:)
garden state changed my life.  i'm backing this because i know "wish i was here" is going to be life-changing too.  from a fellow redditor!
congrats zach on the success so far! please add an advanced screening in vancouver bc or seattle!!
larger venue for the london screening please i can give high fives to people in a trade for the larger venue perhaps hmm?
we already supported you with $200 to get access to the chicago showing. is there any way we can add in an amount to get the viny at less than $100 (we don't need doubles of everything)l? or if you could make a separate tier with just the vinyl, and not the other rewards (which we are already getting)? we could donate with a separate account to that tier so we could get the vinyl, which we are really excited about.
wanted to up my ante and come to the sf screening, see you are sold out, any chance you will move to a larger venue?
mmm sweet, sweet vinyl. just make sure the soundtrack is as good as garden state. more nick drake would be a plus :)
dang! i want to keep my current pledge but i want vinyl and i'd pay for signed dvd as well! you guys need to do something with pledges.
so happy to back this project!!  i can't wait to see what zach does with this film.
for multiple rewards you need to make separate kickstarter account.
vinyl as add-on please!
i'd also like to back multiple now, want to add the vinyl, but not give up the signed dvd.
how do we back multiple rewards? i want to get the vinyl & signed art print. pledge 125$ and i'll get both ?
sir, you have enticed me with the limited edition vinyl & so i have changed my pledge from $40 to $100!
i guess i could lower my reward but would hate to do that. not that your not going to make goal. :)
i would add the vinyl also if i could but can't drop another $100. already did $175. if we can add on i will right now!!!
how do we pledge for more than one reward? got tickets to a screening but also would like the vinyl?
i'd really like to buy the vinyl as well but i've already pledged 200 for the advanced screening and don't need 2 of everything, and drop another 100$ . any chance to make it an add on or something to your current pledge for cheaper?
weird / not best solution / maybe silly suggestion: make a new separate kickstarter account?
okay, i want the vinyl but already have the 2 tickets to the preview.  how do i pay the $$ for the vinyl without "changing" my reward?
love you zach <3
please check out the film lost on purpose their at 66% and have 18 days left. “lost on purpose” stars jane kaczmarek, james lafferty, aaron hill, c thomas howell, dale dickey, jeremy ratchford, and academy award winner octavia spencer.  the film showcases music from the incredibly talented “all the real girls,” “lost on purpose,” “ross sea party,” and “the redwoods.” http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/273375852/lost-on-purpose…
guys, check out "autism in love" on kickstarter, a very cool idea for a documentary about dealing with the search for love while dealing with autism.  a very interesting project with a noble cause and a passionate and talented team. just give it a chance, you won't regret it ;) (i am in no way associated with them, i just followed stacey's suggestion (below) and was very impressed and wanted to help them)
i wish they did dvd like vm zach give a different reason he not doing dvds in he faq their another reasons to if you know from the vm project they need to get the rights to distributed dvds in different counties and your not in the counties that is not listed they have to give back your money when the project over.
zach! congratulations! could you please help out my friend matt fuller who is making a documentary called "autism in love," by just passing along his kickstarter page? just your endorsement alone could help him! he only has 2 days left and still needs to raise $80,000 to reach his goal!!! can't wait to see your new movie!
if you did an australian screening that you also attended, that would be marvelous! preferably brisbane, but sydney or melbourne would do, it'd just mean a road trip!
track ideas!!!!! if you need a dance track that's amazing try russ chimes 'turn me out' - or a brilliant mainstream song 'skirts' by the other tribe, both the best of their genre!
i agree with neil anderson, you should offer a cd of the soundtrack, dvd/blu-ray of the movie and digital downloads of both the soundtrack and movie, once it has released, in a similar manner to veronica mars. i would be prepared to up my pledge from $10, but there is nothing in the current higher pledge levels that interests me.
just watched garden state. been a while. man what a great movie. interesting how 9 years have passed since large has been home and zach is returning to writing and directing 9 years after gs.
yes, "featherstone" by the paper kites. i second that!
this grows more exciting by the day! a sydney screening would be stupendous. also, please have a listen to the paper kites when and if you have a moment - particularly 'featherstone' and 'woodland'. they're an aussie indie folk band, and quite lovely. ~ http://thepaperkites.com.au
ideas for rewards at different pledge levels for backers: dvd and/or blu-ray copy of the film, cd of the soundtrack ... basically look at the veronica mars kickstarter's rewards and go from there!
you need upgrade tiers if you wanna get the big bucks ( like video games) - like if you raise 3 million you'll have a scrubs cameo = )
re: garden state (and my earlier comment.) the movie is so good and i'm glad you made it your way, without studio interference. you and natalie have so much chemistry in this. i'm watching the extras now. wish i was here is gonna be great.
atlanta please :)
i agree with francis! luxembourg is the place to be! plus you'd have good connections to london, paris, brussels, berlin - it's right in the heart of europe :-)
watching garden state. i haven't seen this movie in years.
with all the laughs and joy you have brought my brother and i from scrubs i can definitely donate 10 dollars to see your movie come to life. good luck!
not sure if you selected a theater for the la preview but the warner grand in san pedro is a really cool old movie palace.
i know this is all going to happen next year, but when the screening dates are set will they be set with enough notice for people traveling to make plans?
argh, zach! forget about berlin, the uk or even la france for aditional screenings in europe. do somerhing really foolish and come to... tadaa... luxembourg - the smallest country in the whole friggin' olde yurop! i'll even invite you and your pals to eat our national speciality called yudd mat gaardebounen. but beware when calling out the pledges: our biggest movie theatre only has 491 seats (no shit, read this: http://biz.utopolis.lu/en/pages/biz_index). so long. francis
gone have a screening somewhere in ireland and get 'general fiasco' on the soundtrack. ;)
vinyl?
ramstein germany is my request.  if not, how about either frankfurt or munich? germany has a rich film history, and both "veronica mars" and "wish i was here" would seem to represent opportunities for financing that will change the way independent films are made, and germany would be a great place to showcase that. i see some ripple effects in the business coming.
i've been wondering when you, zach, night be coming back to either the big or little screen. very excited to help fund, and be a very small part of, your new adventure. good luck to you all!
screening in vancouver?
advanced screening backers! meet your fellow comrades here! post a hello via email: wishiwashereadvscreenings@groups.facebook.com or join the group facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/groups/wishiwashereadvscreenings/
can't tell you how excited i've been for your next film.  looking forward to the t-shirt in the meantime.
are you going to an advanced screening?? ny, chicago, uk, austin, etc join the facebook group to make friends early:  https://www.facebook.com/groups/367929473317780/
please check out elephant revival for potential soundtrack selections! they are magic :)
how about paris? or brussels? we need a screening à la française! otherwise, could you just add as a reward the tapestry shirt worn in garden state? would be simply awesome to wear the same one.
i'm so happy to be (a little) part of this awesome project ! eagle !
please do another screening in the uk!!
hey, london or  dare i say glasgow ,scotland screening ,meet and greet........ i'm in spain don't imagine thats on the cards. will travel, could do with a holiday ! very happy for you , love and stuff  awaiting an update you must have more news by now , it's been ..hours !
well i'm in. i hope it helps. best of luck!
cough cough is a great song! saw them live as the opening act for muse. another suggestion would be good occasions by marble sounds or eyes closed by the narrative.
hey coco, may be a bit late for this but i have a music suggestion: 'cough cough' by a band called 'everything everything'. much love to yourself, zach and everyone who's part of this experience.
hi there. so excited to be even in a tiny way associated with this. only thing i'd really like to request for consideration is a screening in australia. i understand with so much going on in the states at the time for you guys, it'd be a logistical headache. but i'm sure myself and my fellow aussies would be happy to wait even a few months after the others for a chance to join in the fun in our own country.
please add another screening date in london! you've got such a massive fan base here in the uk!
i am looking forward to watching this movie. garden state was a really great film such as scrubs were an awsome tv series (i miss it :-( ). if you'd come to frankfurt i would also up my pledge.
come to seattle!!  i'd up my pledge for that!!  :)
it's been too long zach!  we can't wait to see your next creation.  have fun with the production.  all the best is creativity and imagination, bruno & brenda
you should put malderine on your soundtrack! hee www.malderine.com
screening suggestion: atlanta (or charlotte...or anywhere else in the south)
portland,  oregon would be another great location for a screening!  pacific nw needs some zach love!
if you come to fl for anything, i'll be there.
you had me at sexy furry.
hi zach. i think the grand cinema in tacoma would be a great place for you to screen you movie. the grand cinema is a non-profit art-house theater, supported by its loyal patrons, volunteers, and members.it hosts the 72 hour film festival and the tacoma film festival in october. i hope you will bring your film here.
hey zach! you should totally put walk the moon on your soundtrack, and edward sharpe and the magnetic zeroes. i'm really excited about the movie, and i can't wait until you come to boston college on saturday! hopefully i'll get to meet you!
we should be called "braffers" or "zackers" " instead of backers on kick start!!
screening in pittsburgh ?
the advance screenings are blowing up!  come to denver, zach.  you know you love denver, zach...
zach braff's "wish i were here" is behind the panels kickstarter pick of the month!!! http://www.behindthepanels.com/ btp: "this film is going to be one in a million" as a supporter of kickstarter and a project manager, i can safely say that the eagle has landed. zach braff and his crew are the embodiment of modern indie film making  you needn't look any further than garden state and you know that there's nothing but love of good movies and telling an engaging story. zach delivered his last film with gusto and passion, and now with the support of over 31,500 backers (and counting!) this film is going to go down in the history books as a game changer for the face of film. i think this is the beginning to a solution that has plagued hollywood for years. people often complain, "why do they keep churning out terrible movies with bad acting and over the top special effects that water down any potential of me actually caring about any of these characters or what happens to them?" the answer to that, sadly, is because we keep paying to see them. so hollywood will keep making them. now, there's a solution. at least 31,500 (and counting!!) have at least decided to say, "you know what, i'd rather put my money towards something good for a change" not only are people putting money towards a film that will undoubtedly be good, but they're actually part of the process of making the film by financing it. these are truly amazing times we live in. pay attention, hollywood, pay attention.  now let's let zach tell us about it... http://www.behindthepanels.com/
hate to sound greedy here but is there a way to add a screening or premiere to the $2500 - $8000 level (other than creating multiple kickstarter accounts and contributing multiple times.) the system makes you choose whereas i bet a few of us at that level would be willing to contribute $3200 for to be an extra for two and for two advance screening tickets. thanks!
would love it if you could add a screening in australia! very excited for this project.
pleasseeeeee have another viewing for two in london!!!! <3
hey everyone, really stoked this is coming together right now for zach! so for the next hour if you follow me on twitter @dalybear i will donate 3 dollars per follower. so if i got 10 followers in the next hour, i will donate 30 dollars. my current pledge is 26 (did this before). let's get this to 3 million!
i can't wait to see your vision come to life! i'm sure it will be fantastic. also, i'm currently raising money for alzhiemer's society, a charity that are taking steps towards helps those suffering from alzheimer's disease. i've seen how generous everyone is so if anyone can spare just a couple of dollars/pounds/euro/other currency it would be greatly appreciated. visit https://www.justgiving.com/thomas-holden/ if you can spare a little money for another very worthy cause!
wanna befriend some fellow advanced screening backers before you sit awkwardly next to them in the theater? join the group to find a buddy if your going alone! https://www.facebook.com/groups/367929473317780/ it's coco and zach braff approved!! well, at least coco i know for sure.
maybe a limited run of 10 eagles per place you visit? got to look after that back! #thoughts
i will happily pay any amount of money to have a picture taken of zach eagle-ing me! think of the movie zach, the movie!!!
if anyone gets a chance, i'd love it if you could listen to one or two of my tracks. i'd love the opportunity to be considered for the soundtrack as an as-yet unsigned artist. there's some great music to be discovered and given a chance to be released to a wider audience (i just clicked on a link someone posted below and it was awesome...definitely worth a listen - the yaelmayermusic link) my links are: https://soundcloud.com/simon-kaviani/the-real-you  https://soundcloud.com/simon-kaviani/fools-rush-in if you like them please share and tell @zachbraff on twitter!! :)
zach, you should have a pledge where film students like myself could come and be a pa on set for a day. i'd cough up a bit more for that. and it would be a dream come true to learn from such visionary artists.
how about the pacific nw?   seattle or portland?   show you're fans up here some love!   you be back in la after only a short flight..
i'd much prefer a dc screening. if you do offer it, can i transfer my already pledged san fran screening to the dc one?
because of your new meet and greet perk for the austin show you now have an extra spot open for your l.a. screening as i am canceling my pledge to your project. you have fans that are supporting you by already paying $100+ a ticket to see a preview of your movie. if you were really thankful for your backers' support you would take the time to meet them afterwards without charging them extra.  if you were a musician would you charge a fan for an autograph after they bought a ticket to your concert, bought your cd and then stood in line for more than an hour to meet you? show your appreciation for you supporters by giving them the gift of your time - how much does that cost you?
i was so excited when i heard about this new movie and this method of funding. we need one of those screenings here in seattle also vinyl soundtrack sounds awesome too. good luck!
i'm hooked on this project, i've been checking in every 20, just to see where the money total is at. i should be working....
i'd love a signed soundtrack on vinyl...
btw, contrary to popular belief, whorehouses are illegal in las vegas.
maybe add a boston screening or backer dvd? could be just the film, as a more official dvd release with special features would still be worth buying in the future. could be an alternative to the backer screening, just wouldn't be fulfilled until later.
hey zach!  you should totally put walk the moon on your soundtrack, and edward sharpe and the magnetic zeroes.  i'm really excited about the movie, and i can't wait until you come to boston college on saturday! hopefully i'll get to meet you!
when will the vinyl incentive debut? i'm dying.
this is awesome! please consider yael meyer for the soundtrack!!  https://soundcloud.com/yaelmeyermusic/shed-their-fear…
what about the dc area screening?!
great to support you, zach, and your project directly - that's why i like kickstarter really much!
pleeeeeeeeeeease can you release another "screening for two" in london!!!!!!!!!!!
what is estimated date for the austin screening? i want to attended with my sister. she is getting married in april next year and i want to make sure the screening and the wedding don't over lap. thanks
kickstarter and amazon payment take a % after the funding is over so they would not have 2million.
my first pledge on kickstarter. when i saw this i was like, "shut up and take my money"! :)
more london stuff please. the austin meet and greet sounds very cool, but it would also be very cool in london!.... loved all new people we made eye contact! well i made eye contact with you, you made eye contact with everyone else in the theatre but it felt real to me!........ anyway i digress zach braff you rule, this is going to be awesome to be a part of!.... :-)
please do a premiere in either edinburgh or glasgow! can't leave us scottish folk out and miss out on all the boys in kilts!
any chance you do a premiere in paris ? i would gladly to party the night away with the cast or come to the advance film screening in paris! why london should be the only city outside the us favored? ;) french people love us independent movies! cheers
hi zach and congratulations!  will you be sending updates out via email or will we have to continue logging onto kickstarter?   good luck with this venture im very proud to be a part of it!
going to one of the screenings? perhaps by yourself? meet some folks before hand! https://www.facebook.com/groups/367929473317780/367932256650835/…
stoked about austin! now i only have to drive 8 hours from kansas instead of 10. =)
possible oklahoma screening??? we currently have the largest screen in the us. if not, i will be driving to chicago or austin.
is there anyway to have signed dvd copies once the movie has been released on to dvd as one of the rewards?
@jlw thanks for the info, i am entirely new to kickstarter. i suppose it makes sense that the bidding stays open regardless of whether the goal is reached. of course i realize that no one is forcing anyone to keep contributing. it just seems mildly exploitative to take more once you realize you can. i believe the definition of exploitation is taking more than you need, for profit. a normal kickstarter project is not fronted by a major celebrity, once you add celebrity to the mix, i believe things become somewhat less clear. however, as you say, kickstarter is made to run its course regardless of whether the goal is reached or not, so these semantics are immaterial.
pretty pretty please have a screening in washington, dc?
hey zach, i'm a huge fan of yours and i wanted to suggest that you have a screening in buffalo, ny (maybe university at buffalo's alumni arena?) i know tons of people who would come see it. i'm already signed up to go to toronto, but that's quite the drive. thank you for your considerations!
as a backer, i would love for the film to eventually be shown at my local, independent theater (the capri in montgomery, alabama) that is currently about to wrap up its own kickstarter campaign to go digital.  if anyone interested would like to help out, i would greatly appreciate it! http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/729375914/dci-or-die-the-capri-theatre-goes-digital
@nathan zach even said in his video wasn't sure this would work. he probably did not know if he could make 2 million in 30 days. kickstarter is not set up for you to edit it once it has gotten started if he wanted to. he said he is putting his own money into the film. no one is forcing people to pledge so people are willing to pledge past the initial goal that is up to them. for me i did not know about this before veronica mars. i have backed lots of projects so far, this will only increase traffic to site. so projects will also get funded more than others that is just how it is.
can we please  do a meet and greet in london? please, please, please!! xxx
there are no limits on the austin screening?
thank you for adding austin, i am so excited to get to see you in real life. i will try not to just awkwardly stare wondering if this is a dream.
your work gave me a lot of joy when i was trying to find my place in this world. least i can do is to give you this little support to your project.
please make the evolution of your script part of the backer reward program. :) i love seeing the creative process at work!
would love to see you come to san antonio alamo draft house. you have fans here
once this ks up in running they don't stop once they reach the goal. ( that is how ks set it up) please do research.
what about your south east backers? we need love too! miami screening?
@mal i completely understand the logic behind it. however, i made my almost insignificant contribution because i think zach is an honest, straight up guy. i would have been happier if he asked for 4 million off the beginning, and then closed down funding when he hit that. be honest about what you want. if people believe in you, they will give it to you.
i loved garden state and this new effort looks great. i just had my first screenplay produced (common chord) and the producer has a campaign for it here at kick starter as well. thanks for all the inspiration. trevor
please have a screening in seattle!  show some love to the pacific nw :)
hey!! the french newspaper le monde wrote an article about your success! http://bigbrowser.blog.lemonde.fr/2013/04/29/crowdfunding-les-2-millions-de-dollars-du-nouveau-film-de-zach-braff-finances-en-5-jours/…
@nathan bablitz - it's normal for kickstarter projects to aim low, so they can reach a minimum target to get the project completed they then often add extra goals to make the projects better. for example, a computer game might cost a few hundred k to make, then they add more goals for a soundtrack from an orchestra etc.
ditto on seattle, wa. it's a perfect place for indie movie goers.
any chance of a screening in cleveland? the capitol theatre and cedar lee theaters here are both great and full of movie buffs! we're able to bring in over 93,000 people for the film festival here as well, so i know there are a lot of movie lovers!
https://www.facebook.com/groups/367929473317780/ ^ if you are going to any of the screenings, join our group. trying to make friends before the premiers so that we all don't have to go alone. ny, la, toronto, anyone! :)
i would really love to get a screening in seattle, wa. i think the siff cinema uptown would be perfection for this. just a suggestion. *crosses fingers*
i guess i understand why funding is continuing, but it kind of rubs me the wrong way. zach, you originally asked for 2 million, and we gave it to you. we trusted you to make a realistic budget, which would allow you to make the movie you wanted. you said 2 million would allow you to do that, and we gave you that money. if funding is continuing it can only be for a couple reasons. 1) your original budget wasn't realistic, which raises a number of questions. 2) you realized that it's easy to get more money than you anticipated/needed, so you figure why not? which also raises questions if i put in bid proposal for a project, i don't get to re-negotiate. it is assumed that as a professional i have asked for what is fair, and if i receive that amount of funding, it is then up to me to fulfill the contract, for the amount that was agreed upon.
well i missed that one haha
i happily gave $25 towards this great cause. a postcard reward to us under $30 group would be rad. i mail my mom a postcard once a week and she knows my braff love.
any chance for a screening in london? us brits wouldn't mine a piece of the action
can we get "dr. acula" as in-movie-movie?
me & amy are currently creating a facebook group for everyone going to the screenings so we can make friends and possibly do meet ups.
it would be cool to have a meet and greet in l.a before screening too.
not sure if there's a better place for it, but here's a vote for a boston-area screening. the brattle theatre (another recently successful kickstarter user) would be a great choice.
@kristi dake - you read my mind. my friend didn't get to the page fast enough to sign up for the l.a. screening, so now i'm a lone soldier as well. (cue green day all by myself) i was just thinking about starting some facebook group page haha am i weird?!
is there a way to talk to all 500 other people going to the early screening? none of my friends bought tickets and i dont wanna go there alone like a weirdo .
go zach! this and fitbark are my two favorite projects this week! http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/fitbark/fitbark-wearable-tech-for-your-dog
if you want to make a good score, them you have to go for alberto iglesias
joseph arthur would be a great choice for the soundtrack. the graduation ceremony in particular has some great mellow songs on it!
thao & the get down stay down do it zach!
yo la yengo = i feel like going home. i love you but i've chosen darkness - your worst is your best. wolf parade - i'll believe in anything. nada surf - blonde on blonde. bonnie prince billy - raining in darling.
so glad i get to be a part of this for the next almost 2 years! and i cannot wait to see who you cast!!! :) i love you and all the work you do. much love and support <3
zach, you don't know me, yet through your work you have became a very special person  in my life (and not the weird type) :) i'm going to use my video greeting in a very special way that will again influence my life a lot. still, getting another premiere in europe and a chance to meet you afterwards would be an incredible experience. i don't expect poland but paris would be nice. all the best to you and people (or dogs) around you!
super excited to here about avy kaufman, especially the part you mentioned about avy being key in educating you about actors you might not know about yet. i know a lot of people that contributed sound like they are looking forward to familiar faces they've grown to love, but surprises are good too! thank you very much for letting us all be a part of this, i hope we don't cloud your judgement.
that is going to ne awesome! are you gonna be able to start shooting on time? i'd be happy to put a bit more in for a cd copy of the soundtrack. yeah that might sound a bit old but that´s the way i like to listen to music! great to be part of this!
i've backed this for two reasons; 1 - garden state  2 - you named the lead character after me (let me have that one please)
i would just like to say to zach/his team (and use a quote from one of my favorite films): "...you've changed my life and i've known you 4 days, this is the beginning of something really big..." <3
any chance we can get personalized autographs, please? that would just make my year :)
was it coincidental that zach was wearing a blue shirt and donald was wearing a green shirt like their scrub colors on scrubs? glad to be a part of the fun! let's see some awesomeness!
will you ensure world wide distribution? i would be seriously bummed out if it were not distributed in my country...
a meet and greet with zach for backers and their guests at the nyc premiere would be awesome!
i saw the soundtrack on vinyl mentioned. i'd love to see the garden state soundtrack offered on vinyl if that's possible. anyway, just a couple ideas, i am so psyched for this!
@sal masekela... as in "hello world" sal?  i have never wanted a song on cd so much...lol... you as a backer makes this project even more awesome.
happy to be a part if it.
ladies cut t-shirt, advanced screenings in vancouver bc, seattle or portland
my suggestions: more los angeles movie screenings, digital downloads of the soundtrack and digital download of the movie
so excited that you reached your goal.... congrats.....   and... i agree with kai... if you could make a ladies cut..... it would great!!!  :)
if possible could you make a ladies cut for the t- shirts? that would be awesome ! congrats! so happy to be a part of this!
listening to james blake in pretty heavy rotation as well as inc......i think you should dvd's for supporters of 100 bucks and up. signed ones from 200 and up. just saying.
zach, i'm proud of you man. you changed the game and put hollywood on blast that the people indeeed want to be heard. so stoked to be a supporter of this groundbreaking moment in art history.
i love you zach im right now wearing a tshirt of you in which you say that you are the doctor stading next to doctor who's tardis
one by one all day - the shins wish i had $50k to spare to make this happen. already pledged what i could.
only he is going to "make a killing" if people see in the  movie theater and buy dvds.
soundtrack suggestions (song, album, artist - comment) tindo, television, baaba maal - trippy, pensive, international (african/latin) miracle, television, baaba maal - trippy, pensive, international (african/latin) ever fallen in love?, singles going steady, buzzcocks - dawn of punk, love theme daylight robbery, get cape, maps, wear cape, fly - melodic rock hand me downs, get cape, maps, wear cape, fly - melodic rock corners of my mind, everybody got their something, nikka costa - very soulful melodic bankrobber, the singles, the clash - reggae by a punk band career opportunities, the essential clash, the clash - punk rock  blank generation, blank generation, richard hell and the voidoids - precursor to sex pistols vacant brighter than sunshine, grovigli, malika ayane - italian soulful singer singing in english roam around, looking for mike lookinland, wonderful broken thing  rising down, rising down, the roots, mos def & styles p oye, isabel, nuevo boogaloo, the iguanas - latino taste and rhythm looking at you, back in the usa, mc5 disco eterno, sueno stereo, soda stereo - argentinean rock - trippy, great melody little black sandals, some people have real problems, sia - soulful, smooth melody
i cant believe they aren't offering the movie as a reward. kind of disappointing. all movies offer the dvd and this one does not. im not judgemental of this stuff but he really is going to make a killing off of us
independent filmmaker needs your help. i promise you, you will be happy you supporte this campaign. http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/894645307/shelby-and-the-bread-factory
more tickets for screening in london would be awesome!!
a signed soundtrack with blu-ray or dvd package would be great!
listening to 'isjaki' by sigor ros...definitely worth checking out!
scrubs meant a lot to me, as it did many people. it was my go to show when i needed cheering up. i would often lay in bed watching episode after episode. i am more than happy to pledge because i trust in zach. i don't get what all the moaning is about. no one is forcing anyone to pledge, so the naysayers should mind their own business.
rward idea: instead of just a pdf of the script, how about a hard copy? whether it be both a hard copy and a pdf or one or the other, both work. personally, while both are nice, i'd rather get a hard copy than a pdf. (and i can't print an entire script if i get a pdf and want a hard copy!) thanks! ^w^
i'd love it if we could actually buy a blu ray copy of it now as part of a pledge. or even dvd or downloadable hd file. i second this!
i'd love it if we could actually buy a blu ray copy of it now as part of a pledge. or even dvd or downloadable hd file.
personal reward for me - introduce me to natalie portman and you can have my car.
how much to bring back natalie portman? could that be a stretch goal? or to have the "hey sarah palin" youtube singers on the soundtrack? i'd up for them too.
autographed scripts is a good idea for reward for soundtrack it would be nice to hear the blanks (ted band in scrubs)
pre screening in dublin ireland, signed poster or script and shot glass maybe?
i second annie flanagan.... autographed scripts!
did anybody have any idea this would be this big - worldwide - this quickly?!?!
a signed poster or script (preferably poster) would be amazing. i know there was also talk of a vinyl soundtrack? i would chip in some extra for that for sure.
if the scripts were autographed by zach (and maybe other cast members) that would be awesome.  i'm so excited to be a backer!
if you would do a special screening here in the dc area i would gladly increase my donation.
a great song for the soundtrack would be 'atlas hands' by benjamin francis leftwich!
one local small town could have a big premier, like maybe...duluth, mn? idk you've mentioned this awesome town on some interviews. just maybe it's in your brain for some reason...
here's an idea for a perk. how about if i get to work as an extra on the film?
i tried to comment on the current post but couldn't figure out how to do that.  what if in every city you say the next 100 people to pledge $20 will be entered into a lottery for (something good that we can't afford).
you're right - you are the talk of the earth.  read a number of articles about this venture just today. people are talking -
a signed copy if the dvd and soundtrack, please!!!
would be awesome if there was a screening in boston. also you should try and use artists and small jewelry makers for your props and costumes. so happy this movie is being made & to be part of it!!!
i would be cool if there are some kickstarter bands on the soundtrack.
hey zach ! do you know that paris is only 2 hours away from london by train ? just saying... :) really happy to be part of this "magnifique" project !  (and i'm listening to alt-j)
backed the project. downloaded the "fairly decent beat-box" from the kickstarte page. made it my ringtone. phoning myself from another celular all the time. laughing my head off. regards from switzerland.
how about credits at end of movie. like assistant associate producers.
listening to interstates, '3=4'.  this is as soundtracky as it gets.
another incentive could be..perhaps a signed copy of the new soundtrack.
i am listening to the civil wars' album barton hollow today. definitely worth a listen, gentle and meaningful :)
i'd love a special edition bluray copy of the film made for us and signed by zach and a screening in portland, or! you have tons of fans here! we'd love to have you here!
i want to play a part where i'm tap dancing for money, subway...street corner.....cafe :). i really don't know how to tap dance, but i love red tap shoes and its been a dream if mine to be a street performing tap dancer for money :) this image could be in your dream, the flower in the desert could be your hallucination :)
you should give a listen to lord huron and their album lonesome dreams.
atlanta, ga would love an advanced screening. i would double down on my pledge for it.
i'm really excited about the new soundtrack. i loved the garden state one so much, you introduced me to the shins. i wanted to thank you for that when i met you in london, but when you said 'hi!' all i could do was squeak.
totally have rewards where we could be in your movie! lol i'm thinking i could be a flower in the desert :)
there should really be a spam button, so commenters can enforce the "be respectful and considerate" request.
backed! loved garden state.
why do people pledge a buck (just a guess)) just to bash this project and then have the gall to request money for another project. i might have given money to the new project had it not been you being a jerk about this one.  maybe do a simple "if you enjoy this project, check out this other great one" but no, had to go the jerk route instead.
i just want to say people who say support this over that really doesn't make me want to support it.
a guy with more then 20m in personal  assets comes to kick starter to beg for money??? wtf is this... you guys should support projects that actually need it like  http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2079547763/jagged-alliance-flashback
i have a strong desire to watch garden state now.
any chance you guys wanna come to hawaii? ;) we'd love to have you here.and congrats to ms. avy on the casting role! that sounds like a fun job. its amazing to be able to support such a big dream. i also support all unsigned musicians looking to be heard as well,so if you know anyone here who needs a little help,a little backing,send me a message.
would you guys support true independent filmmakers? small $30,000 goal.  check my credentials and our team. we'd love you to be fans of ours! our kickstarter video is a bit different, take a look: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/894645307/shelby-and-the-bread-factory
yes! bring film back to la. what's the goal number to shoot it here?
i pledged but was having a discussion with friend that kinda of makes sense. why does a multi millionaire and his wealthy friends need to beg the internet for money? he thinks as well as many others its kinda messed up to take money from fans. my rebuttal was 1) it takes a lot more money than 2 million to a movie so he must be putting in a lot of his own money also.  2) kickstarter users are not just your average joe, i bet 1.7 million came from private finaciers dropping like 10k at a time.
same as with veronica mars movie.. why there is no backer level were i get a digital version of the movie for a decent price? i'll stick with 1 dollar until then.
so amazed and delighted that this is possible and being done by awesome people! love you zach :d happy to help <3
hey,  how about i get some love! check out my project!!! shelby and the bread factory, a short crime drama... http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/894645307/shelby-and-the-bread-factory
iam very excited, and looking forward to fly to new york for the premiere!!! greetings from germany and thxs to zach braff for your effort.... franz
*definitely
hey zach, what about a screening in rome? i would definetly pledge more for a thing like that :)
excellent project, can't wait to see the film and thank you so much for making the gifts available to people outside of the us! i sure do hope the film comes out here in belgium :d very proud to be a contributor to this project, zach braff has made me laugh and cry so much over the past years, it's the least i could do to try and repay him! good luck to everyone on this project!
gosh congrates on making goal! so excited for you and us.....because we get to see a fabb movie by zach :)   people who share their enthusiasm in a project and include others will always be successful...mostly because joy, happiness and laughs are magnified. thanks zach!
when garden state came out, i was in my early twenties trying to figure out what the hell i was supposed to be doing with my life. then i realized what i'm supposed to do and what i'm going to do are two totally different things. and today what i'm going to do is help support this project, and i'm psyched to be a part of it! oh, also: eagle!!!
couldn't have said it better cody ;)
30,000 :)
i believe in you and this project zach. you go boi!
a lot of positivity here, but elsewhere online there are a fair bit of haters. i can't help but comment. a mildly convoluted defense of this campaign/film: 1. a lot of negativity stems from the fact that there are a lot of unsuccessful or struggling artistic ventures on kickstarter... zb and other celebrities come in and somehow steal their thunder or use this tool that they think should only be used by people/organizations with absolutely no resources. if that's your reasoning, you should be unhappy with society and how the world works, not this particular project. yes, celebrities say something and immediately have 1mil people listening, while joe shmoe doesn't have that benefit. yep. that's the world we live in. deal with it. that doesn't mean celebrities should not talk, should not try to make the best things they can the way they would like to do it. if you want to complain about your own kickstarter campaign, go right ahead. but zb didn't steal anything from you. he's just trying to do his movie the way he wants to do it. 2. let's be honest, the idea zb and veronica mars are presenting is doing medium-sized movies using this model. it's not kevin smith making clerks for a number of thousand dollars. it's doing a movie in the few millions. anyone who thinks 2mil isn't a lot to zb or kristen bell is living in fantasy land where celebrities (a term very broadly defined) can snap their fingers and people give them money. and all celebrities are billionnaires, so what's a couple million, right? not really. 2mil is a large investment unless you are oprah rich. 3. charlie kaufman, david fincher, and others have waded into kickstarter country. so if you want to make some grand argument against these medium-sized projects by celebrities, make it broad... don't concentrate on one guy (and his peeps) trying to make one movie. 4. we are "funders" of movies when we purchase tickets, we buy the t-shirt, when we stream on netflix even. this is a different model, based on additional interest by a smaller number of people who want q&as, production art, and screenings and whatnot. that doesn't mean it is a bad thing and it doesn't mean it isn't perfectly fair. in films and art, we invest with money but the payoff is the film or art itself. i won't invest in films i don't want, but i can choose to invest as much as i want in the art i do want. my hulk underwear was a solid investment in further marvel movies. 5. my main point: it's win win. unless zb and his crew take this money, blow it on hookers, and then not let people come view it, there is no one losing in this model. backers are told exactly what they are getting out of it. i don't think it's any different than me spending $100 to watch a screening of clerks and then watch a q&a with kevin smith talking for the millionth time about how he almost wrote a batman movie. the difference here is, i'm helping finance the film and getting that reward of experiencing the movie and q&a afterwards. yes, i could hate the movie. so there's my gamble. i've taken bigger risks on ebay with that used game genie i bought for $30. and now one perfectly reasonable song suggestion for the soundtrack. glen phillips  (lead singer of toad the wet sprocket). specifically, the song "let it fall." hope you enjoyed reading. cheers, cody
garden state came out at a time in my life when i was really just beginning my musical journey. so it was like nothing i'd ever heard before. back then, i had no real access to discover new music or a way to explore what music meant to me. but the music of garden state, and the way the characters interacted with music and through the medium of music had a long and lasting impact on me. so that now, in my late 20's, it became one of the most important aspects of my romantic relationships. and it wasn't until i found someone who was compatible, not identical, in their music choices, and who exposed me to new music and was receptive to my discoveries, that i truly found love. and i will always credit garden state, in part, in helping me to get here. so i'm thrilled to throw cash at you in the hopes that this will further my musical education. thank you.
i need help deciding if i up my 20$ pledge to 30$. what do you guys think of this live streeming event? will you be there? do you think it is the right way to watch the movie? will the quality be any good? let me know how you feel about this. to everyone who hasn't seen garden state: what are you doing with your life? go watch it! now!!! :)
all i wanna know if donald and jim going to be in this? his video alluded that they would but then the faqs says they dont know who will be hired. seems like false hope to me
dear mister braff, i am in my late 20's, still haven't seen garden state ( a shame...i know) although i just backed up wish i was here. the reason why? not because i wanted to be sitting next to you and have your hand touching my leg :) no but only because cinema is my religion and i love stories. i am confident you are about to tell us a real beautiful one.... thank you from fr.
shout out to your brother adam - phyllis (my wife)says hey - think they were roomies in japan a while ago. good luck with wish i was there.
i love the movie garden state, so i'm glad to be a part of this project. i wish i could see wish i was here in the theater in tokyo! please!!!
congrats zb on making it to the 2 mil mark! i am really excited to be part of your project. i'm a big scrubs fan and garden state is the hippest movie i've seen... that soundtrack made me reevaluate my pop/boy band music loving ways. looking forward to many more of your production diary posts. hopefully you'll be able to come back to australia to promote the movie... if i shout you a beer, will that lure you here?  xx
sweet!
you literally had me at hello. ok, not literally but you had me at the intro video from twitter. jumped onto this site, signed up and paid 10 dollars because i don't make much money. then i saw that the goal was reached and that its all started. so, i guess, you're welcome for funding money for you to cast a fancy pen?  i can't wait to see the development and the rest of this project come to life. there is something about you, (zach braff). you have this thing about you that just makes anyone who looks at you and listens to your voice want to do anything for you. at least to me. good luck! i know everything will be great!
luke, absolutely. it will dwindle down considerably, come up again with every significant adding of things to pledge to and then pick up speed in the last day or two. just check out other, finished projects, there is a regularity to that pattern. i'd think this kickstarter will end up at about $ 3-3,5 mio. if a really, reaaaaally cool stretch goal is added, maybe more.  anyhow, i'm glad is has gotten that far.
has anyone seen the kicktraq on this?  do you think it's too much to hope for? http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/1869987317/wish-i-was-here-1/
more seats in chicago, please!!! nyc too!
do you have a stretch goal zach ? like denzel as a pool boy ? :)
so awesome to be a part of this, can't wait for the movie.
so i only started celebrating with a pint of trumans, followed by a glass of red, some salty nuts, and back on the trumans but to be fair i devastatingly failed to toast you all! although my head & liver are currently recouping what an achievement & how cool to be backing such an exciting project with all you guys. love springs eternal. mr zach, we salute you & wish you god speed. may the force be with you & make it so!! ok, i'm back on the water now
i only know zach braff from the "girls with low self esteem" videos. but i'm sold. marry me!
the argument against zach braff is completely mute because kickstarter itself is not a good platform for indie films. why? because kickstarter has a huge gender disparity. we're talking a gender disparity of around 75% male versus 25% female (according to quantcast). that isn't going to work for someone who wishes to make a film for a general audience. it might work for a male orientated film, but not much else. kickstarter needs all the help it can get to bring down the gender disparity to increase the diversity of projects on it. this project can only help, and i really hope it does. in fact i think these kinds of projects have to continue as a way of growing diversity of the users on kickstarter.
glad to be a small part of this.  good luck! can't wait to see the movie.
congrats on being fully funded zach! i can't wait to watch the screening here in sf. and thank you for backing our kickstarter! you are the man!
what are these super soft kitten tees going to look like? must know soon. basing major life decisions on the design direction.
i didn't think i'd ever be this excited to see a movie all by myself. can't wait for the advanced screening in sf.
since everyone else seems to be commenting about scrubs & garden state i'll just say i really enjoyed your work in chicken little & oz the great and powerful! thanks for giving us the opportunity to be a part of this.
zach, now would be a good time for start thinking about stretch goals ;)
cant wait for the advanced screening in chicago :))
nice we got there. lets do this!!!
oh and ps.... i have a tickle.
actually.. i think i'll go watch it now :)
this is so exciting.. garden state has always been my favorite movie. happy to be a part of something so special. love you zach!
congrats zach!  i am proud to help in my small way.  i think it's a fun and creative way to finance an independent film.  happy and exciting to join the party!
lets start with aiming for 30,000 backers now that the 2 million mark has been met
we lookin at any stretch goals now that we have surpassed the $2mil mark?
i never doubted that you would make the goal and i am so happy to be able to contribute to this project! thanks for making another movie and including us. i adored garden state, the movie and the soundtrack (favorite cd ever!). have fun and good luck!
i remember watching garden state for the first time awhile back and thinking it was amazing. i just re-watched it and now being in my mid twentys, this movie has so much more impact on me. the ending is fantastic and i can't get let go out of my head. i know you will do just as amazing if not even take it up a notch and i really can't wait for more updates, can't wait to see it, just can't wait!
so thrilled that you were able to meet the goal!! i can't wait to see what you're able to do with this film. good luck!!
yahoo!  proud to have contributed before all the hype and am so happy to see this total go quickly from 22k to over 2m.  good luck exploring the infinite abyss!
you have my support zach! garden state is my favorite film of all time. i can't wait to see what's next.
lets get it up to $3 mill now...woohoo
wow zach! you are 103% financed ...with 26 days to go! you obviously didn't need my $10 ...but, i gave it anyway! it's amazing that you're making your film this way! i have never been involved with something like this before. i'm so excited just to be involved (even in such a small way..10 bucks aint much).
awesome comment maria bissinger. i just can't understand why everyone was so supportive of veronica mars project, that will obviously give money to warner brothers (that has the rights for the character), but then zach braff comes here and people get upset. personally, i created a kickstarter account just for this. i have been following this kickstarter thing for a while, i think i was just looking for something to catch my i. to have one of my favourite directors come up with a project like this was all ot took for me to get on board. and the reality is that now that i'm here, i have been checking the kickstarter page regularly, i have been checking other peojects and will probably pledge to other projecta in the future. i also have been telling about kickstarter to my family and friends. it's a win win situation. zach, tell me if you ever plan on coming to lisbon, portugal :)
nicely said maria bissinger!  thanks to zach's project, i am in here looking at other projects in film and whatever else interests me as i have found this experience very rewarding!
i have to say this on here at least once.  i have heard and read the negative feelings that other kickstarter indie filmmakers have expressed.  what gets me is that they have this bizarre notion that someone is taking away something from them or other filmmakers.  most of the people who came to kickstarter to support zach's film wanted to support zach's film for a reason.  they believe in his art, and he has made films that aren't just about him getting attention for himself and trying to make his own stuff.  he makes films that touch people and that's why  he wants to make films.  it's not about getting attention, acclaim, it's about wanting to be outside of the hollywood system.  the hollywood system sucks, and they aren't making true quality films much anymore.  they aren't making films that speak to people and that people love.  if the people on kickstarter had the kind of talent that just inspired people this much, they'd get a million backers too.  when you have a talent, a desire to do something, you just shine out and people notice it.  that's what's happening here.  if zach's light is outshining the other filmmakers here, maybe they should be watching him and trying to figure out how he did it, so that instead of trying to tanya harding his ass the verbal baseball bats because they perceive him as the nancy kerrigan of filmmaking and they want to win, they should watch him and allow him to inspire them.  this response has proven one thing.  zach has something very, very right about filmmaking and being an entertainer.  you only rise up when you've got that much going for you.  it's truly poor sportsmanship and truly poor form.  those indie filmmakers weren't losing anything, nobody was here going "oooh boy, what can i give my money to today!".  nobody does that and truthfully...? nobody should do that.  when i write screenplays i write with one idea in mind.  i have x amount of the world's time.  what is so damn important and so damn valuable that i have to do that i deserve this time?  zach, apparently instinctively knows what that is and he knows he's got to do it.  everyone else sound like jealous prima donna head cheerleaders who are upset because a prettier and more talented girl just moved into town.  it takes a really small person to be angry at someone because they have talent and loads and loads of genuinely appreciative fans.  a person who truly wants to succeed, doesn't do it for himself, he does it for others.  he seeks to be wonderful so that others can have a beautiful experience enjoying his wonderful talent, not just to suck up some kind of narcisisstic approval.  there, i beat that dead horse, but you get the point.  good things must happen and they aren't happening in hollywood.  he had to go outside the system and he is contributing his own money as i'm sure some of his friends have (and will do) in the future.  i am proud to say i contributed to this project.  i hope that zach knows how much we appreciate his caring that much about his work.
so.. the story here is that a person or group of people are given 30 days to raise enough money for a project.  awesome.  some did not which is not so good, however if a a project fails to reach it's goal, then that person shouldn't lay blame on someones project that did. zach was successful in his quest and has tens of thousands, actually at this point, nearly 30 thousand supporters. fans that believe in him, that love him and the work he has done over the years. i had never heard of kickstarter until  i read a tweet that zach had. and that's just because i follow him on twitter. i have viewed several other projects here and they just don't appeal to me. so with that said, if you have a project on kickstarter and it is unsuccessful, please don't pledge a dollar just to come and make rude comments to those that do succeed. if it is out of frustration, then go kiss your partner and you will feel much better.
yay goal reached.  now that you have casting freedom you should totally cast denzel washington & justin beaber. as sexy pool boys. or maybe in a weres-wally type cameo holding hands standing in line at an unemployment office.  or maybe in a post-credits interview saying how they didn't even want to be in the movie because your movie schedule clashed for both of them with their pre-booked international cake decorating seminar. then show footage of them at said seminar.  yeeeeah!
if john c. mcginley doesn't have a cameo in this it will all have been for nothing.
well i'm glad the goal is reached. now i can get on with my life
very excited to be part of this project!!!  our entire family are huge fans of scrubs and garden state.  my son blaine lee towles is an aspiring film maker currently working to fund his first feature length film project.  to see this project fund in such a short time is very encouraging for other film makers, especially indie film projects.  blaine and i will see you in frisco.  can't wait to see the script.
congratulations zach, i for one backed your project after listening to your video and understanding what you were saying, i also read all the information on the page before i pledged so i knew exactly where my small donation was going and what all the money would be used for. personally i think the more money people pledge over the next 26 days the bigger the budget for the movie, in turn a better movie is made making every backer (ok almost every backer) proud to have contributed. i know i'm proud and i thank you for that zach.
just wanted to say i am excited about this.. i really like the idea about group screening. you can plan a movie night with friends.
i just want to say before veronica mars kickstarter i did not know this existed (ks). i have backed 13 projects so far. i know other people from that project also have backed other projects. so this is a good thing. i agree it is based content of a project that will rise the money needed.
did anyone notice zach is wearing a blue shirt and donald a green one?  scrubs rides again! :d
can't wait.
so excited to see what the brilliant mind and talents of zach braff will bring us!!!! congratulations zach!!
i'm really glad you got the funds to start this project & i will enjoy following your work while waiting for the result...:)
what goes around comes around! this is payback for all the times you have made time for your fans, coming and meeting them after each production of all new people, connecting through facebook and twitter and doing all that a man could do to make connections with people. you totally deserve this support and all the good wishes that go with it. jd has lightened many a mood and garden state in particular helped my daughter make sense of some of the darker moments of her life. you are one of the good guys zach!!
well i guess i understand ben del fuocos frustration. other projects don't even make $ 10,000, and then someone famous comes along and cashes in millions.  but. i find it highly annoying that people are jealous of a movement that especially small film-makers might profit of: that people are drawn here, they browse the sections (i know i do!) and they back projects that they never wouldn't even have known of if it weren't for the famous guys. plus: people won't spend money for neither small nor large projects that they aren't convinced of. large projects like these don't take anything away from anybody else. apart from very few exceptions (the mine kafon for example) money is spent in a very selfish, wish-fulfilling way.   so just relax and enjoy the growing attention that kickstarter gets.
i'm so excited!!! garden state changed my life and is hands down my absolute favorite movie! not only did i buy the soundtrack to garden state, i bought every album from all of the artists. i can't wait for this new movie! congratulations, you are awesome!!!!!!
so excited about this movie....i pledged as an anniversary gift because we fell in love our first weekend together watching garden state...
congratulations from vienna !!!  i'm looking forward to your new movie - have fun at work and do your best :-)
@ ben del fuoco, thanks for backing a project so many people can connect to.  kickstarter is a crowdsourcing platform for creative endeavor. it has an indy spirit...and, inexplicably, a slight smell of clove cigarettes., but i digress. the point is, wiwh is a creative endeavor seeking creative freedom from the studio system, kickstarter can offer that. this isn't a case of a big guy bullying the little guy. you seem bitter at the success of this project. it may be the fact that yours was not successful. if that's the case, it's a shame that you think your success would depend on someone else not succeeding...or even competing. kickstarter backers are savvy individuals who like a good story, a good idea and a good pledge reward ^.- don't hate because some other project touched backers. it is true that most of us would rather be touched by this projects creator >.> ...but if we didn't connect with the project itself, this idea of artistic freedom and the vision of the auteur then he probably wouldn't have been a ks success. better luck in your future projects and your trolling endeavors.
yes!!!!!!!!!
yes, we did it!
i think is wonderful what you're doing! when we see people that know hollywood system coming here and asking their audience, their fans to help then, for me it only show how crowdfunding is huge and a new way of doing good things, of putting people together and build something different, and in my opinion, more authentic!  good luck with the project, i'm very anxious to see the movie, and if by any chance you think belgium is a good city to have a premiere, well, don't think twice,j ust come!! hehehe
no brainer here. i have a playlist on my itunes called "a zach braff joint". the music you have helped bring into my life is worth the donation. plus, i feel i owe you for the number of times i've watched "garden state" this year alone. congrats!
garden state changed my life so syked about your new project i'm glad i could be apart of it!!  <3
zach,  what will the money over 2mil get you for the movie?
hi, you know what ? my wife and i just bought a big house and it has just enough space so you could come and stay while you'll be premiering the movie in paris. tl;dr come to paris please :)
loved garden state and just backed $40! cant wait to see the final outcome!!!!
just donated $10 (wanted 2 seats to the london show but all gone) just so i can tell ben del fuoco to shut the hell up. you're an idiot. i'd much rather see a crowd sourced film by someone has entertained me for years and have it done on his terms than a watered down piece of corporate shit that the studio will make him produce. you're a funny man zach, make it count. the appearance of jim parsons just puts the icing on the cake. love that guy.
dude, you just paid at least a dollar to dis zach braff on a page where 28,770 people adore him. good speech, but nobody here is listening. thanks for the $1.
rob thomas* but rob marshall.  rob marshall has done nothing wrong here.  sorry, mr. marshall.
i only donated to your project to say that i am appalled by how you've leveraged your fame and success to finance your film through a crowd funding website that is intended for independent productions and independent artists working outside of the studio system.  rob marshall, and now you, are ruining what this website stood for, and frankly, it's just unfair.  the trend has begun, and now the ball is rolling.  kickstarter is transforming into a platform for hollywood stars to fund their dream projects.  and why shouldn't it?  why shouldn't celebrities get to cash in on kickstarter too?  you, mr. braff, said yourself, you had the financing from a studio, but turned it down.  a studio has certain rights to a production once they finance it, and you offer none of these rights to your backers.  you obtain these rights for the distribution studio, and certainly must through legal obligations.  but my point is, that you are not in a position that calls for help from kickstarter.  you are hank aaron hitting a home run in a little league park.  congratulations, you won the game, but those little baseball players are crying.
i am so so happy to be a small part of this! garden state is one of my favorite movies of all time. so sad and honest and funny an weird and great all in one. expectations for wish i was here are high!:) much love from switzerland
good job shirley...dirty jersey proud. wish i was there!
we did it!!
made my day :)
now that your goal is reached you should speak to kickstarter and shut down pledges. you could urge people to back maybe some other awesome projects you're aware of on kickstarter! congrats and i'm excited for our chicago screening and q and a!!!
we did it for 3 days !!! congratulations, zach !!!!!
i've been thinking about it and some of the people complaining you are taking away from other independent filmmakers but posting this on kickstarter. the thing is that now you are giving more power to the filmmaker. if a financier or studio wants such things as final cut a filmmaker can now say hell no i am taking it to kickstarter. there is now competition and a new negotiation tool.
awesome! knew this kickstarter would be a success, it had to be right?
i am very happy to be a part of this film and i want to thank you zach for all the things you've done and will do. it is truly inspiring to see you do this! good luck and thank you!
i'll keep adding some every payday til time to collect.. it is so worth it to me to see someone with so much talent and love for film making and acting to get to maintain creative control of such an outstanding project.
i want to see you and matthew gray gubler work together on a project!
congratulations ! i am so thrilled to be part of this amazing project. it is so exciting to follow all main steps. i can't wait to see the movie.  good luck and thank you, zach !
i don't expect for pledges to continue to be so strong (not as if they shouldn't, but that's neither here nor there), but if we keep going at the current rate (12k/hour) we'll be pushing 10 million by the time the funds are collected.
eeeeaaaaaggggglllleeee!!! lets go make a film!!
this is so rad! it is such an honor to be a part of something so huge -  sharing is caring. way to go zach & the extremely talented team! mental high-5 all the way from south africa :)
congrats zach! can't wait for the movie!!
just a thought on one on my fav man/woman kind of songs, you'll be inundated with other stuff i guess but hey : http://www.youtube.com/watch…
congratulations to zach and to us all!
wiwh on imdb: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2870708/… (i didn't put it there, kudos to whoever did!)
just watched the video pitch. holy crap! imagine if everyone put that much honesty and love into the stuff they endeavor to do each day... much luck and love to everyone involved!
backed you up in the very first hours of this with $30. i announced it to my parents tonight and they're quite enthusiastic about your project :d i'm very proud to be a (small) part of this and thank you for letting us know what's going on and everything! happy to follow you on this great project and i can't wait to see the final result! congrats!!!!
great, so now where is the imdb entry? ;-)
ah i had every faith in this target being smashed!! well done to you and all of us :-)! can't wait to see you in london!! woop woop!!
this is so awesome!  congrats zach!  thanks for letting us all be a part of this!
oh hell yeah.. the eagle has landed!!!!  it's appletini time!!!!!!!! congrats zach...
nicely done zach!  that's quite a resume the casting director has.  really looking forward to the film...and wearing a tee-shirt showing that i (in a very small way :)  was a part of it!
so happy to be a part of this. i wish you and the team the best of luck, zach!
so excited to be a part of it - thanks zack!
congratulations zach ! cant wait :)
yay! also, duke fightmaster, i just pledged $25. pelvic region out, please!
congrats!!!!
hi zach & co. it's absolutely mindblowing fantastic that this is happening. check out my fiends lilyphone and their song 'you' for the soundtrack: http://lilyphone.com/music/ (bottom song). congratulations - to us all! /jeppe
whoop whoop! wicked on hitting the target!
yes! so excited to be a part of this!
garden state helped me through a tough time in my life.  can't wait for the next film!
yeaaahhhhhhhh!!!!
so happy to have been a part of this.
boom done. thats what were here for. when we want something amazing! were their. so #goteam. have fun making something u love and will be their.
28,000+ people believe in this movie! such an honor to be part of this journey. thank you zach and everyone for making this happen! tashaki miyaki - "keep me in mind"
lets do this.  keep it going and make this project even bigger and better than zach planned!
soundtrack suggestions: this is a real nice instrumental from ronald jenkees: http://www.youtube.com/watch…
hey zach congratulations! anyway you can give my movie some love? i've got 3 days left and i'm close. http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2076679753/dukes-world-the-movie
will there be any stretch goals?
congratulations! we did it! cannot wait to see the entire process! team braff!!!!!!
also i would love to hear angels & airwaves on the soundtrack, that would be a dream come true!
well done on getting the money you need! i can't wait to see the finished project, i have complete and utter faith that it will be amazing. i absolutely love scrubs, it manages to always make me laugh, yet can be so amazingly powerful (like your acting when george valentine died), and jd reminds me so much of myself, a dreamer. garden state was amazing, i really connected with the tone of the film, and it helped me through a similar time in my life, and the dog scene had me in hysterics. i really want to be a writer/director myself, and seeing you achieve a film where you have complete artistic license like this inspires me. i am so proud to say i am part of this film, if only i could pledge more. i really cannot wait to see the final project, and think that i had a part in that. i would love to meet you in person, even more so mount you and shout 'eaaaagle!'. congratulations! p.s. love the main characters first name, like to think it was named after me, even if it does have a different spelling haha.
soundtrack suggestion: ra ra riot - anything from their latest album beta love :)
now that this is backed, start the kickstarter for dr. acula!
once you see @oatmeal's cartoon edison v. tesla http://theoatmeal.com/comics/tesla maybe you'll reconsider your kickstarter campaign quote zach? (i just tweeted this but wanted to put this here because you probably won't see it via twitter)
congrats...holy moly! soundtrack suggestions: check out: shovals & rope (charleston,sc), the xx, band of horses, & get jay clifford to whip up something!
congrats, zach! can't wait to see your final cut at the sf screening!
wohooo! we made it! wish i was here full speed ahead!
i'd love to say some heartfelt congratulatory words to zb, his team, and all of us... um... uh... banana hammock!
being part of it makes me happy!!! now let's make this movie! can't wait to  meet you all in london.
very excited to be a part of this project. first time i've supported a project on kickstarter and i've now caught the bug big time! looking forward to seeing how this pans out for team braff and his 28,000 followers!
brilliant!! shows what a group can pull off if they just put their mind to it!  looking forward to all the goodies zach and of course to your new feature film!!
people all over the world join in!! http://www.youtube.com/watch…
congrats! can't wait to see the movie! eagleeee!!
congratulations! being part of this is awesome... i will go to the london screening with my sister, looking forward to poke some questions at you zach :3
that just happened.
yes ... we are making a movie. :) soo ... what are the stretch goals? ^^
wooohooo!!! hoping to see this project soon! greetings from costa rica
bingo!
congratulations zach and everyone that pledged, this is when things start to get exciting!
as the scots would say, gaun yersel!
so excited to be apart of this! i remember my best friend and i talking my mom into driving us an hour and a half to see garden state, as our small towns didn't have a movie theater that played "indie" films. now, 9 years later we both live in cities that play indie films and love supporting independent films. i am so happy to be apart of this community! congratulation on 2 million!!!
congratulations! garden state inspired me to have a career in film, so thank you, i couldn't pledge much but i'm glad my $50 will help in some way. well done, sir!
congratz =)
wow!!! the 2 millions record has been reached!! congratulations!!!
yay! you did it! this calls for a massive celebration, keytars and cowbells! well done! on a side note, have you considered stretch goals??
congratulations for reaching 2000000 in such short time!
good idea richard
yay!!! easiest 2millon ever!!! congratulations :) now the real work starts!!! xo
new target should be to beat $5.7 million (veronica mars project)!  eaaggle!
so i know we are all congratulating zach right now (rightfully so) but i think we should all take the time to congratulate each other because we couldn't do this all on our own, no we're no, we're no supermen!
this calls for a love train! all aboard!!
awesome, so excited to see the final product!
congratulations!! :) miss reaching the 2million mark but let see how more money can be made by end of the project.
wooo!
now the real work begins.
eagle!!!!!!
you got this!
we did it!!! yessssss!
and it all started with a big ba(zi)ng(a).  way to go
yay!!!!! so exciting! you gotta be feeling the love zach!
there ya go zack, you better make one hell of a movie. we all know you can and believe you will.
as it got so close to $2 million, i had to up my pledge to push it over the top - right in that last minute bunch somewhere!  now i get a tainty t and a signed garden state dvd - *and* i took a photo of an eagle this morning, so my master plan has come together superbly!
eeeeaaaaagggglllleeeee!!!! we should arrange an "eagleee" flash mob at the premiere :p congratulations everybody!
yes!!!!! congrats!!!! we are so very excited. please add lots of behind the scenes special features to dvd version... especially about these last 3 days!! xo
was there ever a question? i thought we'd get it done in 24hrs
congraaaaaaaaatz!
congrats!!! 2m!
i knew we could, i knew we could.
congratulations!
woohoo!  $2m in what...3 days???  congrats zach!...now let's get going!!  :)
crap.  i just missed it. congratulations!!!!! that last bit went faster than i thought.
wow! congratulations!! :-d
wow! congratulations!! :-d
wow! congratulations!! :-d
wow! congratulations!! :-d
congrats dude! watching this thing tick over was awesome, good luck!
olè! we did it!
gooooall  yay!!  awesome!
just sat here and watched it click over the $2,000,000 mark! congratulations zach!!! well done everyone!! so excited for this project!! :d x
woot woot 2mill baby!!!!!!
we did it in two days! $2,000,000!!! eeaagglleeeee!!!!!
pretty sure you night be tired of it but i only have one word to celebrate us all reaching your goal- eagle!!!!!!!!!!
wooo hooo !
yay! let's keep it going :)
congrats, can´t wait..!!!
congrats, zach! 2 millions! it's done! your fan from the czech republic!
@2:31 et!
congrats :)
watched it tick over. congratulations! there's an air of "napster moment" about this whole thing.
now, just 3 million to go. awesome!
yes mr z! cannot wait for next september!!!
way to go guys
gooood!!!
:d  congrats zach, can't wait to see it :)
yyyeeessss
yay!
congratulations!!!!!!!
it is done !
yeah !!!!!!!!!!
ok, now i did it-$2million!!!!! i put it over the top!!!!!!!
yaaaay!
done!
yes, two million!!  you did it, we did it.  what a fantastic result and still 26 days to go for extra gravy.
2 million!!!
congratulations zach and coco.
ok, now i did it-$2million!!!!! i put it over the top!!!!!!!
congratlations! you did it!
congrats!!!
bazinga!!!!! $2,000,000
boom....2 milly
bazingaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! we did it :-)
wow!
less than 100 to go!
so close i can feel it  :-)
87!
ok, now i did it-$2million!!!!! i put it over the top!!!!!!!
87
97 to go
almost there!!!!!
$347 to go
1,999,313 tic tac tic tac :)
less than $1,000 to go and we got this!!!! zach- it's totally happening! thanks for helping me get through some seriously tough times with your creative genius shown through garden state and scrubs. can't thank you enough!
i did it!!!!! i made the 2million dollar mark!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i did it!!!!! i made the 2million dollar mark!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i did it!!!!! i made the 2million dollar mark!!!!!!!!!!!!!
so close!!!
zach are you seeing those numbers adding up?!
...counting...
we're almost there! less than $10,000 to go!!!!
hey zach, adam, gs was a great movie, i'm excited to see what you two do with this one!  good luck!
hi coco, hi zach! i'm so thrilled about this project i can't restrain myself from donating more and more! i'm really looking forward to following you guys throughout the production of this movie (and hopefully to meeting you all to a screening in rome? :d). all the best, azzurra
i'm awaiting some sort of fanfare and streamers to blast out of my screen at any moment...
why am i watching the numbers tick over when at 3.40am i should be sleeping?  :)
i think we can, i think we can,...
add a boston screening!!
can't wait, it's going to be awesome!
everybody stop backing at 1,999,999.00 for one minute so that i can be the one to break the 2 million mark! my kickstarter is going nowhere but i can make zachs happen, i need a win right now, let me do this, luv u guys!
will there be a screening in berlin? it was mentioned as a possibility.
exploring the infinite abyss
https://soundcloud.com/aviarmusic/join-me this song would be perfect for the ost!
i upped my pledge. i decided i needed a soft as a kitten taint t-shirt.  soooo close. wow.
oh - and any chance of a screening in tel aviv?
please tell me there will be no yodelling on the soundtrack...
glad to be part of this.
you are someone who inspires the rest of us.  i feel so lucky to get to experience something that is written, directed, acted, and crafted by a singular vision to make something truly beautiful.  i can't wait to see what you come up with & would be so happy to help in this endeavor any way i can.
please add a vancouver bc advanced screening!!! will up my pledge.
world is going to be a better place with another zach braff film. 27 days to go... might... just... make it.
garden state and its soundtrack put a lot of things in perspective for me, and scrubs helped me laugh and destress from my shifts working in a hospital (you got a lot of the kooky stereotypes down!). the opportunity to help you after years of you helping me was not something i was going to pass on!
come to nola! the band winbourne has some great, emotion filled songs.
everybody stop backing at 1,999,999.00 for one minute so that i can be the one to break the 2 million mark! my kickstarter is going nowhere but i can make zachs happen, i need a win right now, let me do this, luv u guys!
super stoked for this project :) question though and i am sorry if this has already been brought up an answered; this project will most likely be funded today and will accumulate way past the $2m, what are the plans for that? at this rate you could hire industrial light and magic to do special effects. jk bout that last part
hi zach. as someone who has watched garden state 2 times, every scrubs episode an embarrassing amount (6 or 7 times per episode), just wanted to say how excited we all are about your project. i couldn't donate much as a northwestern student on a budget, but i just wanted to be a part of this. on the off-chance that you read this and don't find it creepy, would love to buy you a beer at nevins or something.
thanks cornelia!
i also would have pledged for a screening if there was one in the shouthwest, texas or louisiana :)
so excited to be involved in such a great project. love garden state and scrubs.  would be willing to pledge more if an advanced film screening was added in the pacific northwest, preferably vancouver, bc canada, seattle or portland, oregon!!!!!!!!
i agree about a screening in oz. would be great to see you come down this way. i understand we're so far removed from the rest of existence - but we're totally worth it! almost at the 2 mil mark. what a thrill it's been watching this project steamroll its way to the goal line. you is here :)
@saurabh singhi: if zach adds a paris screening, my 2 some seats at london will be freed... ;)
can't believe i didn't see london screening on the list when i was backing the project 2 days ago! is there any other way to get a ticket to the screening?
not sure if someone out there saw my last comment and opened up that spot in chicago, or if it was some coincidental act of the cosmos.  either way, thank you—i saw it, and my wife was able to snatch it up.  so, i'm out of the dog house...  for the time being.  thanks!  :)
wow, only 40 $ left....you did it man!!! congratulazioni!!
hi zach, i've already pledged but i was wondering, why not have an advanced screening in australia as an award? maybe sydney or melbourne? we love your work here in aus, but travelling to the us or uk is a bit far. i know you've almost reached your goal and i've already pledged so it doesn't really count but it would be awesome if you came down here to show your talent and give us the treat of seeing this movie before the rest of oz. come for a holiday and show us your movie!
how about a screening in washington, d.c.? you've got a huge following here!
loved scrubs, but garden state is my favorite film ever. it is not old, but it played a huge huge role in my sentimental life. thank you zach! i wish you the best for this new piece of art!
do a screening in germany as well! hamburg would be fantastic, but i'd come to berlin as well! good luck with the movie!
you can open another account and use the same credit card when you log in to an amazon payments account.
please help!  my wife is super pissed, because i made the wrong pledge!  i signed up for the $100, single-person screening in chicago thinking it was for two.  by the time i realized my mistake, the $200, screening-for-two was all gone.  please help!  can we switch somehow, or can i pledge another $100, single since there's only 399 of those pledges?  i'm happy to contribute the extra money.  i just need the two instead of one in chicago.  please let me know if you can help.
i really enjoyed your character playing in scrubs and don't have seen garden state (yet) but i really want you to accomplish your dream. keep up the good work.
thank you zach. thank you for letting us be a part of something so big and awesome however big or small our part is in it. it allows all of us your fans to think we are with you and we are special and that you truly get that we are real people. don't ever lose your spark or creativity. i pledged what i could and can't wait for september 2014. make wish you were here the movie you want right down to the last word set piece and costume. and we will be here cheering you on. love from the land down under <3 mary xoxo :)
or this one...would love to be one of the songs on wish i was here. i always wanted to be the guy who wrote/played the song at the end of scrubs... http://soundcloud.com/simon-kaviani/the-real-you
would you take a listen to this track for the soundtrack please? http://soundcloud.com/simon-kaviani/fools-rush-in
everybody stop backing at 1,999,999.00 for one minute so that i can be the one to break the 2 million mark! my kickstarter is going nowhere but i can make zachs happen, i need a win right now, let me do this, luv u guys!
i loved garden state and zach seems pretty awesome, plus it's always good to help others with their dreams!  please have a premiere in manchester,uk!!!
good luck zach! take what little i have and fly like an eeeeaaaaggleeeee!
backed and cant wait to get to see the movie!!!!  i really hope that this movie will be made!!
this is the very first kickstarter project i've backed and after rewatching garden state for the 9000th time last night i really couldn't think of anything i would rather spend my on. $70 pledged from a very thriftful student from the uk. this film better be de niro and shit xx
everybody stop backing at 1,999,999.00 for one minute so that i can be the one to break the 2 million mark! my kickstarter is going nowhere but i can make zachs happen, i need a win right now, let me do this, luv u guys!
it makes me so happy to see all the comments on here who were influenced by garden state so much! getting so close now :d! teamwork you awesome people <3
homestretch! kind of exciting to see the money slowly reach 2mill. leftover money should go to giving the cast (and possibly the backers) banana hammocks!
i'm so glad i stumbled across this page, never backed anything on kickstarter but ill start with this,  garden state meant so much to me and i'm so happy to be involved even in the smallest way in helping you put out the film you want to, been a massive fan of yours for over a decade and i'm only 20, see you in london and gl with the film!
good luck!!!
funny, i won't donate to a presidential election but zach asks for money and i give it happily.
once $2 million is reached... do pledges continue to be taken? if so, what do you have planned for any extra funding you receive?
what about adding cleveland, ohio to the screenings?
dear zach, please get yours and our favourite singer-songwriter joshua radin on board. you two make the perfect fit and his music, especially his latest album is amazing beyond words... many thanks.
as a soundtrack, the always beautifull cough syrup from young the giant might come in handy :)
love the soundtrack to garden state and can't wait for this movie, check these guys out, from isle of wight, england. http://m.soundcloud.com/goodbyestereo/funeral-song  there other tracks are a bit more upbeat, check them out.
very excited! so about these playlists, you think you guys could make and share them on spotify? would save me and others the time!
i'm really happy to be able to help in what little way i can to help get this movie made. good luck, i'll be first in line when the movie is released in australia.
hey, congrats: this is about to meet its goal. tossing in a vote for a screening in our nation's capital. thanks!
i'm waiting for a movie with "a skeleton on display" by now it's overhead in the end titles for many years. it's the perfect, perfect song for that. but maybe only if the ending is somewhat sad... looking forward to the whole ride! all the best from germany, martin
paris would love to see you!
you had me at jim parsons!
dear zach,  thank you so much to let us help you ! you may not be aware of what it mean for us. it so exciting to be a part of a project of that size. i fell like i could almost take a drink with you in a bar or in a café (since i live in paris) to talk about the movie. i hope - and i'm quite sure about it - that it will be a great movie, and that it will move me as garden state did. thank you so much for your generosity and your work.  don't forget we're all watching your back. you just have to call for help and 30 000 people will fly to your house for you... ok, this may be a lot, but it could be really fun :p don't stop make us dream !  agnès (and sorry for th bad english, i'm french :p )
just a suggestion, gently yelled at me by my girlfriend, "make them come to paris !!!". i must say that we, french people, love you :)
de
hey! i just wanted to say i'm so pleased to have to opportunity to back you, you make me laugh in whatever you do and i think laughter is the key to happiness!!! thank you so much for this, i'm proud to be a part of the nearly 30,000 backers! i love you and your work tonnes! and i'm believing its gonna be gooooood (it better be.) hahaah
zach, i am incredibly excited for you and this film, even more so, i am excited to have had the opportunity to help one of my very favorite artists!  i am twenty-six now and i have been eclectically inspired by you since "scrubs" appeared, which was even one of the first things to spark my desire for med. school.  no matter what the donation amount, all of us involved now get to be apart of something much bigger than ourselves, for that, i thank you!  almost there!!  appletinis (easy on tini) for everyone!
too many birds by bill callahan, cursed sleep by bonnie "prince" billy, shinny things by fanfarlo, bubble by king creosote & jon hopkins, all for myself by sufjan stevens, i'll be here in the morning by townes van zandt. there is another song, but the artist is a friend, and i'm not sure the best way of suggesting it without seeming exploitative. congrats on all of this, the future is pretty sweet.
hello zach, i love the concept for the film and i think it's the biggest coup ever that this kind of thing is now possible. it troubles me that business decisions have any say whatsoever in the content of a piece of art. this is much more like it! i have a song i wrote that seemed to me to fit in with the idea of a man suffering an identity crisis. it's called 'nothing ever is', and it has a person living in a box with beetles, the voice of the universe reassuring the protagonist, and a finale where he realises the only comfort in existence after ones parents die is a warm bath. here's a link - do have a listen to it, you may like! https://soundcloud.com/nowwearesix/nothing-ever-is
i'm not sure where to leave the ideas for the soundtrack, so i'm leaving this here. no idea if it's your kind of music, or if it could fit in anywhere, but you never know. best of luck, man. not that you need it. http://www.youtube.com/watch…
i didn't know where best to direct music suggestions to so in hope this gets read - i think if you're still looking for ost suggestions canada's very own city and colour would be a good one (what makes a man perhaps???) a band called lost in the trees are pretty great a guy called jay william henderson (used to be in a band called band of annuals who no-one has sadly and criminally ever heard of) a really really amazing musician called joseph arthur another called jonah matranga who is again criminally underrated and as nice a person as you could ever meet, he has a decency running through him that not just in the music industry is rare but life in general a couple of british kids called ben howard who is storming your side of the pond currently or  jake bugg and another brit to add to the collection  david ford who used to be in a band called easyworld matthew ryan maybe ???? in your own words "you should hear this one song it'll change your life" bigger budget scale?? ryan adams, the lumineers, bright eyes, the avett brothers, ethan johns, laura marling, i hope this helps bring people you may not have heard of or thought of to the forefront most of them are unknown so wouldn't have an issue getting in touch with much love and continued luck to you - you're almost there, if you ever questioned how much what you do matters, how much garden state matters? i think you have your answer :)
i just upped my bid to 50 dollars. we're nearly there! soundtrack - wise you check out the pains of being pure at heart. they would be perfect!
loved garden state, both the movie and soundtrack! i always go to the soundtrack when i need to relax and think about nothing at all. the movie was great esp because it was a movie that wasnt ruined by doing too much. a suggestion for the soundtrack for wiwh is anything by the "band" bootstraps. they scored sam jaeger's movie take me home and it was great, and seems like some of their stuff fit the gs tone
when i saw gs i wasn't a 20something trying to figure out what to do with my life. i was about 15 with a handful of issues and had my single mom that was trying to figure  me out  and i was trying to figure my distant dad out.  i learned it was okay to be not okay. 7 years later i quote gs every now and then. i know i was maybe younger than the target audience when it came out, but it was a life changer for me. gs gave me hope and kept me searching through the years for a sam and large kinda harmony. i'm 22 and soon to be happily married. hope is a powerful thing. i also can't eat lucky charms without jean smart's voice in my mind.
zach i'm so excited to just be apart of this project as a kickstarter backer. unfortunately since i'm a young, poor, 20 year old college filmmaker in west virginia it was impossible for me to do any of the big things  to be apart of the actual filming, but i'm glad i got to do what i could with the 40 dollars i could spare. you have been one of my biggest idols growing up. garden state was my inspiration for wanting to become a writer and scrubs is the first show i ever watched religiously. thank you for always being true to yourself and your fans and never failing to put out amazing work. i hope that one day i can have the career youve had. i hope that one day i'll actually be able to work with you. thank you, i'm so looking forward to this project!
it would awesome for something with the soundtrack to be added. like a copy signed by one of the artist or yourself. i know you don't have them committed yet, but i'm still playing the gs soundtrack.
now i keep hearing major tom...damn you fantasy forest sequence pic getting there wooooo!
so close!!
zach, when i first saw garden state all the way back in 2004, i had a reaction that i had never had to a movie before or since. i was about to start my senior year of college and the movie spoke to me in many ways. since that august evening in 2004, i have become such a fan of yours and have been anticipating your next film ever since. i could not be more excited about this. i have no doubt it will be absolutely fantastic.
soundtrack suggestions:   sondre lerche, kodaline, or my personal fave and indie ny band, the spring standards (seriously, check them out).
zach, i have heard so much on here with the comments about your movie 'garden state' and since i haven't seen it yet i went ahead and bought it today.  if it is half as good as everyone is saying then i am sure to love it and that means that this movie 'wish i was here'  will be just as good, i am so happy to be a backer and get so excited when i get a update especially from you.  the kids said how can you be sure it is for real and i showed them that it was you personally and they then approved.  thank you so much for allowing us to all be a part of this wonderful project.
estamos llegando a la meta!! falta poco!!!! :)
we are so proud of you! you threw your hat over the wall and look what happened! possibilities galore!!!!!!!!!!!! pooopsie and i love you so much
so very excited about all the progress...thanks for the updates they are fantastic, any chance at an austin tx screening?
i think you should do at least the text part of your production journal as a hard copy, hand written journal, and offer it as a reward for a pledge.
zach, i was trying to explain your kickstarter campaign to my girlfriend, and explaining how much garden state meant to me, and how i related to it.  she had never seen it, so we watched it tonight, and she fell in love with it as i did.  69.4k to go.  i think everyone is wondering how high this may end up!  an early congrats -- make that 69.2k to go...68.9k... very cool. can't wait.
i lost my job this week. and not sure when something else might turn up. i am spending money on this project not knowing the future of my own financial status. that is how important this movie being made is to me. 70k to go. you'll make it, and i know watching this all happen will help me make it as well.
@zachbraff my family just donated and got 6 tickets to the nyc premier! can't wait to see your marvelous creation. congrats already on the innovation. your team as well! #yousirareawesomesauce
i know it may seem even a bit too indie, but have you guys considered vimeo on demand as a means of letting fans and backers see the movie?
i don't think i've ever had a bigger 'celeb crush' than you zach braff, everything you've been apart of, i've been a die hard fan... from garden state to all 9 seasons of scrubs, the last kiss, and chicken little!!! who remembers that?! haha, and the moment when i heard your voice on the cottonelle & pur commercial- i just gushed. way to go zach! make us proud!! i know you will! xoxo
soundtrack suggestions; something from pinback, loro or good to sea.
you have to put the shins on the soundtrack it wouldnt be complete without them
zach! your film makes me appreciate life's journey and to see what really matters; love, laughter, and letting go. garden state will always have a special place in my heart and movie collection. i can't wait for your next installment!!!!!!!!! you also make me proud to be a jersey boy, especially with the bad rep we're getting with modern reality tv. all the best! anthony p.s. when the donations surpass $2 million, will there be more spots open for the nyc premiere tickets plus afterparty for two? :) i'm signed up for the nyc premiere, but i feel like my experience won't be complete without going to the after party to meet/hang out with the coolest and most genuine zach braff and what's sure to be a super talented cast and crew!
incredibly close already! no surprise actually ;) you're funny! yay!
advance screening in milwaukee, wisconsin? please!
since we are all adding our bands to the soundtrack list http://wearesatellite.com/video/
anything by nana grizol would also be pretty much the best
can i add "mew" to the soundtrack artist suggestions? and perhaps specifically the song "comforting sounds"?
the xx. nice.
artist suggestions for soundtrack dum dum girls the xx fiona apple gotye
i assume that for the advance film screening in toronto my pledge is for 1 ticket? i don't seem to be able to get two tickets, so would it be best to buy another with a second account?
you should check out twenty one pilots for the soundtrack. they, like wish i was here, are something that has the artist's entire heart and soul in it.
so close!
i backed you for the online screening plus the kitten taint t-shirt. i told my wife i'm taking her on a future movie date. we're both excited. good luck, zach. this is a huge win for indie films.
so close to the goal!! can't wait for this one - would love to hear a lot of coldplay in this film. (: extremely glad i could contribute to something i know will be great - thanks for the inspiration, zach braff.
zach, please come to australia. there's a little-big city called perth that no one ever comes to. i'm studying to become a high school english teacher and the signed lithograph print will take pride of place in my future classrooms. take a listen to this boy and bear cover of empire of the sun's "walking on a dream" both australian, http://www.youtube.com/watch… thanks zach
i don't want profit sharing, i don't want you to go broke making a film. i want capitalism to be capitalism. don't mess this up dude, make me sad and happy at the same time again...but not the kind of sad i had watching brandx last night please! also, don't try to duplicate screaming in garbage bags on a bus into the abyss, we want new brilliance out of you! as long as you're happy putting it out.
hello from spain, zach. wonderful video to promote this project :) i loved scrubs and liked garden state very much, and i'm sure this new upcoming film will be delightful. just a question? will there be any screenings in spain? guy love for you!
hey zach! i just released a music project that may be perfect for wish i was here!  would be a huge honor if you checked it out! http://aviarmusic.com all the best from santiago, chile!
you should include foxy shazam on the soundtrack!
as far as soundtrack goes, i posted on facebook, but would like to post here as well. i would love to hear damien rice, bon iver, william fitzsimmons, and of course the amazing remy zero
thanks for adding a toronto screening! i'm so excited to see this film and be a part of the process!
so excited to be involved in this project!  my husband and i will be celebrating our 10 year anniversary this august so we decided to make this trip our special gift to one another to celebrate a decade of marriage! this is the last incredibly stupid thing that we will do before we have children!!
wow! that's awesome that you're so close. i've been waiting since the first time i saw garden state to see your next project.  it's going to be phenomenal.  happy that i could be a small part of making it happen :).
all uncovered by the watchmen. great tune from a great canadian band.
beautiful song. http://youtu.be/mtf7hc17ibm
you should come to texas... as a few others have mentioned, an austin screeing would be awesome!!!
or rather yodel yodel yodel whilst pondering just how soft a kitten's taint is.
cute vid zack. that's exactly what i would do when i was close to getting $2 mil clams. i prob would have been singing along though. yoddle yoddle yoddle.
austin screening?!! please?!? i'd sooo be in for that!!
but what i meant to say is.... i have only given a minimal amount in the grand scheme of things, but i do feel immensely proud andcannot frickin wait for the movie to happen so i can boast that i contributed to this `heartfelt, true to life epic` and that they too just need to believe to make anything happen!!! ♥♥
i really love the idea of this project, but damn do you really have to send so many emails?  i signed up two days ago and i've already gotten eight emails!  i thought i was signing up to support a movie, but it's feeling more like i paid to get on a spam list.
"by the way, it says 'balls' on your face."
why am i not surprised that critics have already surfaced to attack this venture. the likely truth? they are angry that they don't have the fan-base or the creative vision to have launched such a project themselves. art school dropouts become hateful critics....cue the hitler analogy. anyone that didn't realize that zach braff planned to finance a huge chunk of this project himself is sort of...ummmm...without. my donation was enough to get me a seat at a screening in chicago (which was not a lot of money by the way). i chose to give the money, and i'm happy that i did so. i was not exploited, nor manipulated. i am not naive.  i am thrilled to have helped this project be realized...even in this small way. i choose to support the arts whenever i can, especially when i find art that resonates with me so profoundly. that is what art is about.... connection. the human experience. that sense that everyone is crazy, everyone is scared, everyone has been or will be where you are. zach's screenplays have brought that to me, and i couldn't be more excited to be among a group of partial producers. together, we said that film studios couldn't have the right to change zach's intellectual property, or infringe on it in any way....and that is remarkable given the power of today's media. we heart you zach braff!!!!
just donated. thank you for giving us the opportunity to support your project.  i can't wait! but while we do, as this epic funding continues, here's a soundtrack suggestion:  "dead all the time" by silent old mtns.  http://www.youtube.com/watch…  (the a capella part gives me chills every time.)  the lyrics make me think of the movie's plot that i've read about & you mentioned.  but really, their whole album, velvet raccoon, is filled with gems like "that telescope find", "monster", "the most logical thing", "old man" and "pigeons" (the end...swoon!): http://silentoldmtns.bandcamp.com/  and they're currently in the studio recording work for a new album.  such amazingness. best of luck with the film!  xoxo allison (formerly from jersey!)
damn phone!
i am quite ridiculously happy for you and the project i, as many others have, to be a part of your grand plan. i too have found myself completely mesmerised watching the backers clicking up as well as the funding, it has truly been an awesome experience! (one that i do believe my awesome fiancee will gladly to see the back of admittedly as i update him every couple of minutes or so) i know w
absolutely psyched to be able to say that i was some part involved in the making! mid-west screening? the lou would love to have you!
an austin screening would be awesome!!!
http://www.facebook.com/jenn.sauer.3/posts/555064304516813
more san francisco viewing seats please! i was literally changing my pledge as the last one went. boo!!
it's exciting to be able to be part of a project like this! well done! i have no doubt you'll reach 2mill! loving all the updates! keep it up! x
where are we posting music suggestions? totally need a track from these guys: http://www.youtube.com/watch…
yes nicole, i agree. but boston is a couple of hours from new york...  :) miami on the other hand... very, very far!
im excited to participate in a zach braff project. thank you, a fan for life. ♥veronica magallanes
i worked stage crew on a community theater prod. of sound of music many years ago. still get flashbacks when i hear music from the show.  congrats zach, et al. this is gonna happen!!!
b o s t o n likes movies and braffs and parsons and stuff. just sayin'....
honestly it look like you should have made the goal much much higher.  might have then been able to offer dvd/digital download reward options.
this is so exciting! i kinda feel like i'm part of the project :) garden state was spectacular and i'm sure this will be too. way to go zach!
garden state is a hidden treasure. i loved everything about that movie. i could give much but i hope it helps and you feel the support from all your fans who would love to see you make a movie even half as good as that one!
say chance has a song called this far, incredible song.
that video update was great  - and a bit surreal.
honestly wasn't sure which song to expect there...
i loved garden state after being suggested it by a friend and am excited to even have the opportunity to be able to help get your next film made. soundtrack suggestion - http://www.youtube.com/watch… - anything that emerges from her debut album, which is also being crowdfunded at the moment, that fits with your vision for the film would be amazing. finally, i can't be the only one that would love to see jim parsons in this movie, right?
woo-hoo!!
couldnt give much, but hope it helps!
biz & aj ... gooooooooooooo
$1.9m! awesome!
staring at the counter waiting for $1.9 million!  i agree, an austin screening would be great.
what about cincinnati? we love you here!!!!
attempting to fall sleep by watching the total rise. currently at $1,898,847, waiting for $1.9 million.
garden state was an amazing movie and if this is even half as good, it will be well worth watching.  i wish i could contribute more than $60 (which is already more than i can afford).  but i am willing to add at least 20% of any etsy sales i make before this kickstarter is over.  good luck with the movie!  i look forward to seeing it!  https://www.etsy.com/shop/bluelineartstudio
hello, some soundtrack suggestions : - http://www.youtube.com/watch…  wait it out - sarah blackwood - http://www.youtube.com/watch…  everytime - oi va voi - http://www.youtube.com/watch…  stay (just a little bit more) - the dø good luck !
this is more exciting than waiting for y2k. but this time, we're waiting for $2m!
so the song at the end of the kickstarter video was cary brothers "someday" i should of used shazam as someone did on youtube. if this is a taste of the music selections that's you're going to have on the new movie, then i will surely itunes those sucker...
hi zack, i think you'd really be impressed with ezra miller as a male role. he can flawlessly transform himself into any character and make you forget you're watching a movie. and his genuine and fun personality is a plus! please consider him for your movie or future projects? best, el
i agree that there should be a screening in austin, texas!
hey zach & coco, can you have an advance film screening and q & a in boston, ma?
hi coco. thanks for responding to my post. i'm so psyched to know there is a real person at the other end of the computer (you spelled my name wrong -- thanks!).
cheeky question - will there be a chance to get a photo with zach at the screenings?
+1 for an austin screening! (couldn't tell if anyone had recommended it yet.) i know austin would eat this up!
almost to the goal. maybe time to start thinking about stretch goal targets?
back again... please have an advanced screening in perth (worth a try!)
i'm happy to contribute, garden state is an amazing film and scrubs helped me to find hapiness when i needed it. i guess you won't be able to do a screening in paris, but know that even in france, you'r loved. i would love to see nathalie portman in your movie (yeah, i also love her, but who doesn't? ;p)
zach,  did you really stop to think about how many of your fans adore you and your work? we love ya brother and the eagle is gonna land soon. i hope this movie is everything that you want it to be. look at all the love!!!!!
hey gene - i am thinking 4pm saturday pdt.  any other predictions?
i'm so psyched for this to happen, and to part of it in anyway. if the soundtrack is anywhere near as good as it was for garden state, or the "my musical" episode, this will be amazing.
i say by saturday 9pm the 2 million mark will be hit.
such an incredible idea, its an honour to play a part in making (if garden state is anything to go by) and incredibly meaningful and poignant film. brilliant to see a filmmaker who is so determined not to compromise his creative vision! such a great example to people out there who hope one day to make their own films.
hollywould, you can open another account with the same amazon account. question: do i get a special london viewing t-shirt?
zach; "you know that point in your life when you realise that the house you grew up in isn't really your home anymore? all of a sudden, even though you have some place where you put your shit, that idea of 'home' is gone. you will see one day when you move out it just sort of happens; one day it's just gone. you feel like you can never get it back. it's like you feel homesick for a place that doesn't even exist. maybe it's like this right of passage you know? you wont have that feeling again until you create a new idea of home for yourself, you know? for your kids, for the family you start. it's like a cycle or something. i don't know but i miss the idea of it, you know? maybe that's all family is; a group of people who all miss the same imaginary place." - andrew largeman, garden state this is why i loved garden state. iron man 3; great movie! it makes you happy by making you forget who you are. garden state; phenomenal movie because it makes you happy by making remember who you are and where you have come from. you leave the cinema after seeing iron man wishing your life could be different; anything but what it is. but after watching garden state you leave feeling better in yourself, about yourself and with your lot in life. thank you zach for making these films and i am so proud and honored to have had (albeit small) a part in helping you continue to make people happy. - amelia, london uk
female role? zooey deschanel ;)
would love to know if we actually will have the chance to meet zach and the rest of the cast at the movie premieres and/or aftershow parties..
soundtrack ideas - l.k.u.t. by zoo legacy
is there any chance that one of the film screening takes place in paris ?? that would be awesooooooooome ! good luck and keep faith !
can't wait to see the film zach, i'm sure it'll be awesome!
new orleans screening! come to hollywood south!
elliot smith all the way. between the bars  !
soundtrack - ishi "moon watcher" or "mother prism"
does anyone know if there is a way to back a project multiple times? i want to many of the rewards.
oh, wayne, absolutely. i can't say how much the song has improved my temper time and again. it's part of the soundtrack of my life.
soundtrack suggestion- there's a great british indie band called fanfarlo! very, very good stuff. check them out. http://www.youtube.com/watch…
as long as we are suggesting soundtrack ideas colin hay should make an appearance.
very happy to be a part of the club :) i would suggest some elliott smith on the soundtrack. he wrote some incredible songs about not knowing who you are, which would fit perfectly. good luck with your movie ;)
one soundtrack suggestion from me from the best band you've never heard of: murry the hump "thrown like a stone" (2001) http://www.youtube.com/watch…
hey anyone find out what's the song at the end of zach braff's kickstarter video?
ooooh. some dr. dog awesomeness on the soundtrack would be so rad.
love this idea.  thank your for garden state and best of luck with your new adventure.
pear jam - "just breathe" noah and the whale- "give a little love" needtobreahte - "keep your eyes open" imagine dragons - "radioactive" two door cinema club - what you know" just a few suggestions, but i'm sure we'll all love the soundtrack no matter what! :)
watched scrubs when it  first came on, and still watch on netflix all the time. can't wait to watch wish i was here, i know it will be amazing.
saturday sun - seagull https://www.youtube.com/watch…
keaton henson - darling look what you've done to us. i am spamming the sh!t out of this comments page, but i promise, they're all brilliant.
zach- i've got to say being part of this club... is really cool! i've always been a huge fan of scrubs...sidenote- the scrubs series finale (season 9 not the med school one) is my favorite series finale ever, the book of love is the perfect song for it! anyways, i'm glad i can help you to do this and that i can be a part of it. i've always been a big fan of yours and always look forward to your next venture so this is cool to watch progress.. and i'm not gonna lie, the main reason i went and saw oz was because of you... finley has got to be one of the most adorable animated characters in movie history! end rant- thanks for the opportunity and i really look forward to this movie and everything in between!
i'm not your usual backer.  i'm 61 years old.  i wasn't a great fan of scrubbs and (sorry to say) i fell asleep during garden state (my fault, not yours...).  but- one summer my daughter who is a huge fan of the above gave me the cd sound track to garden state, and i instantly was hooked.  i listened to it every time i got in the car that whole summer long.  and i can still call up that great set of songs in my mind at the drop of a hat.  i can't wait for the new sound track.  more importantly, i'm thrilled to have a chance to send a message to big hollywood business that i'm so tired of the mediocre films they turn out to the tune of megabucks budgets.  hooray for artistic freedom!  i promise not to fall asleep during "wish i was here."  so say we all!
even though i'm a student with loans and a part-time job at a hospital, i couldn't help myself, i had to be a part of this. thank you for letting me. you're very talented! greetings from oslo, norway :)
hi zach, i love contributing in a small way to your project, can't wait to see it!
will you do a showing in seattle!?!
lou doillon- places, patrick watson-lighthouse
just rewatched garden state and reloved it!!! cant wait for wish i was here!
anything by the yeah yeah yeahs! and she & him since zooey is your buddy!
hey zach! there are so many fans of scrubs here in wisconsin. my boyfriend actually got me the full dvd set for our one year anniversary. i was wondering if you'd do another ama on reddit sometime soon. we would all love to hear from you. i hope your project goes well i super pumped to be a part of it.
this project is definitely worthy to be the first i'm backing on kickstarter! if you could just add a screening in vienna, i'd even go up further! ;) have fun while working on it!
i'm so excited to be a part of this!  loved you in scrubs..& garden state was amazing.  i cannot wait for this new movie!
this guy's boy & bear suggestion, quality, couldn't agree more, lordy may is a great one as well
i'm super thankful to be given the oppertunity to take part in this! can't wait to see the result! garden state has been one of my absolute all-time favorites, i bet wiwh will be so too! i got some soundtracks i'd like to share to you zach (if i'm fortunate enough to have you reading this!) boy & bear  - my only one boy & bear - feeding line moneybrother - born under a bad sign good luck with this project! in zach we trust!
dont even get me started on the national, although it's worth noting that 'afraid of everyone' was written about matt berninger's anxiety about becoming a father, not sure if that fits into the plot but from the outline you gave it seems like a possibility.
i'm so happy to help you with this project. i really loved garden state, so i think i'll love wish i was here too! hope to hear from you on twitter sometime :)
you should try to put the band parachute or lauren aquilina on the soundtrack. they both have some amazing songs and could fit perfectly into a movie with a tone like garden state
so excited for the movie and the soundtrack! heres an amazing artist that would be great for this peoject. steven fiore- hourglass http://m.youtube.com/watch…
http://www.youtube.com/watch… donnie and joe emerson - baby please
denver would be my vote for a screening! so stoked to see this project taking off. can not wait for this movie.
hey zach! there are many fans of scrubs and gs here in germany. at least me and a good friend of mine.. :) is there any chance you might get to a premiere or preview screening over here? i´m from munich but berlin would also be a nice choice i guess.. ;)
http://www.youtube.com/watch… blackmill- evil beauty
back in 2004 i'd discovered a great new band called frou frou. shortly after i found out a song of theirs would be in the movie garden state. so i booked myself and my girlfriend tickets to the screening at the bfi london film festival, oblivious to the fact this was the red carpet screening of the movie! it was a great atmosphere and the cast were mingling amongst the general public before the movie started. after the movie, there was a q&a and i was lucky enough to be able to ask a question about the soundtrack. zach mentioned that as he shopped the script (with free soundtrack cd) around hollywood he got lots of rejections, but everybody thanked him for the great cd! he then name-checked guy and immi from frou frou and they stood up in the audience to take a bow. such a great night.
http://www.youtube.com/watch… rogue wave, just lovely.
please come to florida!! orlando, tampa, anything!
great,  unsigned band from nashville, vitek,  saw them by complete accident in indianapolis at a dive,  fell in love! vitekmusic.com
i've been checking the updates and seeing the progress every so often throughout the day since becoming a backer, and i gotta say.  we rock.  to everyone who is selflessly giving regardless of the rewards... we are making a difference.  no amount of distasteful and hateful commentary can change that.
i just want to first say thank you for this opportunity. it means so much to not only be a fan of yours but be apart of something you create. if i had more to give i would! with that said...suggestions for soundtrack. anything from the rapture, f*cked up (promise they are good and not what you think), metric, sunny day real estate, and thursday. good luck with everything!
you can't really go wrong with my morning jacket:  master plan, steam engine, wordless chorus, it beats for you, really anything from their album z.  sonic youth - teenage riot, candle maybe. city and colour - thirst, of space and time, weightless, grand optimist. pink floyd - time. really anything from them.
hi there team coco and zach!! wow, to be honest leaving messages and feedback really isn't my thing. i usually stay out of the limelight, preferring to let everyone else do the commenting. but something about this project really spoke to me. i guess because i too share a common interest in film/tv/entertainment and the "little guys", so to speak. meaning indie films and small productions. there's nothing like being a part of something special. i can see and feel the passion behind this project. i live in the d/fw (texas) area and am a part of our own local indie groups. i've taken on projects as well (way, way way smaller). i have never been to la so i chose to go there for a screening. thanks for giving me an excuse to visit. zach and team, i just wanted to personally thank you for letting me be (on some small part) a contributor. i wish you luck and can't wait to hear from you all on the diary. it's so very refreshing to see that even when you "make it big" you can still be down to earth and willing to take on smaller projects such as this. so thank you again and best of luck misty h
look at me-john lennon out of gas-modest mouse demons-imagine dragons sukiyaki-kyu sakamoto don't make me a target-spoon a quick one while he's away-the who (off the 'live at leeds' album) clocks-sufjan stevens
@ veeno i did not mean that this project is revolutionary, i meant that the idea for any movie financed via kicktarter is. i read the page you linked me to, and it seems that the clear difference is the scale of the project. wish i was here would require a theatrical release in over a hundred cinemas worldwide, the film that you referenced would be released straight onto dvd or digital download or a limited amount of cinemas. if this film was being released straight to dvd then yes a copy should be a reward.
i think its fucking fantastic that not only are you funding this movie on kickstarter, you are actually taking ideas on the soundtrack.  i have a feeling a soundtrack to one of your movies that 26,000 people helped collaborate on is going to be epic.  not to mention the amount of people that are going to go see this movie simply because so many people raised such a stink about all this!  this feels more like a movement than a movie.
please add more tickets to the nyc screening!!!!!
my i just leave here some of the songs i'm listening at the moment: james vincent mcmarrow - sparrow and the wolf serenades - birds curtains for you - bronx zoo hobo priory - kings of troy mother mother - the stand noah and the whale - l.i.f.e.g.o.e.s. eight bit tiger - oslo the cinema - picasso/kill it bombay bicycle club - shuffle generationals - ten twenty ten ;)
oh, and he's mates with joshua radin.
ingrid michaelson the xx grizzly bear
i really hope joshua radin will appear on the track list somewhere
you had me at "i'm zach braff"
woooo!!!  zach, i have always been inspired by what you do.  i personally loved the shit out of garden state because of the tone and the themes, it made me feel related based on the stuff that was going on in my life so it is an honor to be able to support you in this endeavor.  i have every faith in you man and i wish you all the best.  not to mention i'm so excited about this movie.  kick some film-ass!!!
i love garden state, to me it is a flawless film. i am so excited to be even a tiny part of this new project.
check out the band red wanting blue...  i am thinking "space time" or "gravity" from the album "these magnificent miles".  they are incredible... really... check them out.  :)
i don't know why every film ever is not soundtracked by tom mcrae. perfect music for any film that comes from the heart. plus he is friends with cary brothers so could hook a brother up! tom mcrae, tom mcrae. tom mcrae!
song suggestions: "guns and horses" -ellie goulding anything by iron & wine or young the giant and last, my friend drummed on this song and i can't get enough of it- http://feedmejack.bandcamp.com/track/rosies "my mind wanders"
zach, garden state was such a well crafted and original film and i am so happy that this is happening. however, i have to admit that the only reason i donated was so you would send me weekly playlists. i'm very busy and keeping up with indy music is hard. it's much easier if you do it for me. also you have an awesome taste in music, i hope it inspires you again like it did when you directed garden state. so carry on and i can't wait to wake up to an announcement that we have reached the 2 mil mark.
@ adam clark i see you're very new here. this is in no way, shape or form revolutionary. as i already mentioned earlier, there have already been films (and many other things) that have been successfully crowd-funded, and all that i know of have offered a free copy to the backers, at least for pledges of over $20. i mentioned the shadow cabal by arrowstorm entertainment: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/arrowstorm/the-shadow-cabal-feature-film those guys have done basically this exact same thing, except they have offered the film for free to the backers at pledges of $10 or more. in what way is this campaign revolutionary?
i'm glad to be a part of this. :)
soundtrack suggestion: "welcome home" by radical face. i also saw ben howard mentioned below and i have to agree ("everything" and "old pine" are particularly fantastic).
just backed this and i'm so excited! i have two questions though. if i change addresses after the campaign ends will i be able to update my address so i can receive my rewards? will the art prints be signed if i chose the dvd reward?
it would be brilliant if there were a screening in seattle! somewhere in western washington. or even portland! i'd travel!
based on garden state, would have to recommend ben howard - to be alone, also yukon blondes - my girl. really looking forward to this thank you mr braff and co!
really loved garten state and scrubs and i cannot wait to see this one. i want to suggest an austrian band: effi. http://www.lastfm.at/music/effi a really nice small band with a lot of great songs. and would you consider a screening in vienna? people in austria are loving you!
hey a screening in more the midwest would be absolutely wonderful!
you should check out a great seattle band named ivan & alyosha. also loving jake bugg as well. and my best rec. is a north carolina band named roman candle, they are amazing!
adding my suggestion for a band to look into... the spring standards... they are truly an amazing band and they do things differently and are the absolute best! www.thespringstandards.com even if you don't think it fits with the film (but they could do anything) they are worth knowing of in general!
i would 100% be willing to donate more if a seatte screening opened up, or even portland! or even vancouver. i'll travel!
kid cudi "pursuit of happiness"
huge fan of garden state, especially the awesome soundtrack! look forward to seeing this film. speaking of, would you be interested in screening the film in abu dhabi or dubai? i work for a big-ass film festival (i can hook you up!) that way i can see the film properly. and also other people can see it. but mainly me, i get to see it.
@ veeno as this would not be a major motion picture the box office would just about make up the price that the distributor purchases the rights of the film for. therefore their profits would come from the sale of dvds/blu-rays, and the backers would make up the majority of the consumers so handing out free copies but reduce profits. remember that this is a fairly revolutionary idea and the distributors will be taking a risk so will need to minimise the risks any way possible. so zach would be scaring off distributors, if free dvds were already promised. anyway less negativity, this is too exciting.
here are some of my soundtrack suggestions: yael naim - new soul caro emerald - tangled up razorlight - somewhere else also, i'm looking forward to my new tee :)
thank you so much for this opportunity to be a part of your next creation. all the best!
the number of times of day that i check this page has to mean there is something wrong with me, but i am just so excited for wish i was here.  gardens state is by far one of my favorite movies.  i quote it almost daily. so i just wanted to wish you luck zach.  i contributed 10 of the last dollars in my bank account until summer (broke college kid problems).
just added a meager $10 to the pot but glad to help out! good luck getting to the 2mil mark by the end of the day! if you can get an austin screening, it would be much appreciated! p.s - don't let the haters get you down; golden state was awesome without the industry f'ing it up and i'm sure wiwh will be the same or better
first time on kickstarter and so excited to be a part of this. garden state is my favourite movie, its soundtrack shaped my listening habbits, i went to med school partly because of scrubs (i think), let's make this something as memorable as that. i just wish i could give more ;)
would love to come in as a pa whenever the film starts crewing up.
@ adam clark once again, that "it would scare distributors off" thing simply doesn't hold water, because, as i already said, he could simply just give a copy of the film to the backers after it has gone through the theatres. moreover, "it would be easily pirated" holds even less water, because it will be (easily) pirated no matter what, if it's released on dvds or blu-rays or even only in theatres.
just released a single nyc screening 100 level spot.
could we get a denver screening?  i'd up my pledge in a heartbeat.
bring it to pittsburgh!!
i am so honored to be apart of this. as someone who works on films, i appreciate what you are doing. thank you!
i'm loving this!  glad to be a part of this new movie.
@ veeno, getting a copy of the film would scare off distributors as the core audience has already got the movie and it would be easily pirated. the point is that we are backing the film to get made (100% the way that zach wants it to be) not to see ourselves. plus backers are getting a lot back in return. script, weekly playlists, soundtrack exclusives, t-shirt, art prints and advanced screening are worth a lot more than the $110 i pledged and i get the chance to see a (hopefully) good film.
@ veeno with all due respect, we are all doing this voluntarily. we know what we are getting out of the experience. personally, if i felt as if i was being exploited i would not have joined up.  just sayin'.
any plans to add a copy of the film?
hooray for adding a screening in sf! saves me a trip to la! lots of luck on the project. it's fun to be able to be a part of it in some small way.
@ tim smith don't worry, i'm not missing the point. i've been participating in crowd-funding, both on kickstarter and otherwise, for quite a while now. i know what the point is *supposed* to be. but the point of this campaign is simply exploiting crowd-funding and the fans. i got the point quite clearly. the *least* i should get as a backer of the film is a copy of the film that i backed, the film that i helped to create. "thanks for backing, now go buy the thing you backed" is not how crowd-funding is supposed to work.
saw zach live at the russel brand taping last night. he has such a fun personality and it's great to see a project of his on kickstarter since he has made so many great pieces of work as an actor, writer, director. i was worried after issues with show times of scrubs we'd never see him again. plus there's a tee shirt involved so that's cool too.
sometimes zach, i like to extend a branch. well, more of a twig, but still
see you in sf! thanks for having a screening up here! and coco gets paid now right?! :)
veeno is missing the point. it's called creative control. dont like the concept dont pledge.
@ ashley carr interesting. so, apparently, the entire point of this campaign is to avoid being controlled by "money people", as zach put it, but when it comes to avoiding being controlled by "good distributors", whatever those may be, that's suddenly too much. sorry, i don't buy it. i think it's just convenient to get money from people for both funding the film and paying to own it. besides, if it truly is the case that distributing the film to backers before it's shown in the theatres would "scare off good distributors", then why not simply distribute the film to backers for free after it has been shown in the theatres? i can't imagine an excuse which would explain that one. and i think that's just rude and unfair.
awesome!!! thank you krista. all done! george
hey there.... i'm wondering if it is possible to have some kind of backer ranking sorted by nations. i really would like to know, where all the backers are from... :) greets from germany. :)
for anyone wanting to choose the toronto 100$ screening coco just sent me a message and said to choose in us and add the 10$ to that and they will contact you when they are ready to ship for your address and information!!!!
you should think about doing a screening in boston. just a thought. garden state spoke to the time of confusion in people's 20s and boston is a great town with a lot of colleges aka people in their twenties like myself who really felt something from garden state. keep up the good work.
i just saw this on the bbc website in the uk. we loved garden state and all new people, and also love nyc so a no-brainer to come over for the nyc premiere. so thrilled to be able to participate - can't wait!!
so thrilled that you've opened it up to sf! just changed my pledge, thank you!!!
what the heck!!! i am choosing the $100 toronto option and it says i have to add another $100!!! help!!
i think you really wanna come back to amsterdam :-)
@veeno there is a question in the faqs on the homepage that addresses this issue.
atlanta!!
i would love to change my pledge to the toronto screening but unfortunately because of the typo kickstarter won't let me proceed unless i change the amount to 200 instead of 110. please please try and fix it so i can increase my pledge and get to go to the screening
i don't think the shipping cost for the single toronto seating is correct. it says it's 100$
i have to admit, this seems a little weird. i notice that none of the pledge rewards include a copy of the film, be it physical or digital. how come? that seems incredibly off to me. if you look at the kickstarter for, for example, the shadow cabal (another film) by arrowstorm entertainment, all rewards for pledges of $10 and up include a copy of the film. similarly, every video game whose kickstarter campaign i've backed has included a free copy of the game in the rewards for pledges of $10 - $20 and up. why doesn't this? i don't know, maybe it's just me, but it seems a bit unfair to ask people to give you money so you can make your film and then not even offer them a copy of the film at certain pledge levels, but instead expect them to, on top of funding the film, pay to have it. i must admit, i don't quite understand the reasoning behind this.
really want to get a screening in boston so i can go. so excited about this project
@katie: i just came to the comments page to ask that exact question.
do people who choose an "advance film screening" also have access to the "backer's thank you screening"? it would be cool to have access to that as well, especially to be able to hear the live q&a afterwards.
@laura to change your pledge amount, click on the blue "manage your pledge button" then you can choose a new reward level.
add moscow for screenings!!!
hey! can i up my pledge to get in on the advance toronto screening?? would love to be there... l
seen as i've backed your film, even if it was very minimal (i'm a student), what is the possibility of having an advanced screening in wales, uk!
zach braff ‏said: dear fans, i cannot believe your unbelievable support for wiwh. i wish i could hug each and every one of you. we want a hug too here in france ;) hope see you one day !
@daniel stefanovich that's a site error.  if you go to the $200 level (for two of everything) it correctly adds just $10
can't believe it's been almost nine years since gs was released. i still find myself revisiting that movie and its soundtrack from time to time. backing this project was a no-brainer. best of luck on wiwh, zach and team!
hey zach, thanks opening up a showing in toronto! quick little question.. me and the gf want to both see you in toronto (we live in canada), but with shipping on what i will assume is the art prints, we have to pay another $200 ($100 for each of us).. is there any way we can nix the prints just so we can go see you?
i just sent a message to let them know about the mistake in the screening price for toronto!! does anyone know if you can make additional pledges????
$1,8 million, congrats, and lets keep it going.
ps. austin. you know we're awesome.
you are so going to reach your goal today!!! i'm really proud to be a part of this.
come to a raleigh screening!
so excited that you added sf to the list of screenings, just secured my spots!!
come to dallas for a screening!
@ jeremy, i think it is a typo, all the others say add $10
im excited to be a part of this!!! though the toronto screening asks to add $100 if shipping outside of the us... i'm confused? is that for real?
sf please! let us know!
lots of love and respect here in dallas!  you are by far one of my favorite actors!  thanks for all you do!  i am so looking forward to this film.  wish you were here!
french backers would love a screening in paris!
i love looking at the different locations all the backers are coming from. this is a site that you pledge because you care about the content and to ask for profit seems off.
all the best and love from luxembourg ! :)
no love for boston???
@nikki h. good point. bottom line is there are no guns to our heads to do this. we are going in with eyes open.
i saw an article on the backlash of this specific project. one of the biggest issues people seem to be having is the fact that as backers we're not getting a share of the profits. but what i feel is being neglected is the fact that we did this voluntary. i think even without the perks we still would, maybe not as much, but still some. for me, at least, this isn't about the perks this is about helping out and being part of something wonderful.
@clay gillespie, i have to disagree with you. i understand what you're saying about closing the kickstarter after it reaches $2,000,000, but i don't think closing it would be fair to fans who really want to contribute to this project and get some of the cool perks. i contributed on day 1, but i think there are probably many people who want to contribute but haven't had the chance yet (especially because it's only a few days in and is almost at its goal.) i know i'd be pretty upset if i thought i had a month to decide if/how much i wanted to pledge, but then the kickstarter closed 3 weeks early and i didn't have the chance.
i have a spreadsheet that i'm tracking the pledges... this is so exciting! (i feel like such a nerd...)
just a quick snapshot in time for you, as it stands right now of pledged money to backers ratio. you're receiving approximately $70 per backer. you have to admit, that's pretty amazing.
i walked past you in east village a few months ago and called out "zach!" and instead of being an asshole (which you could've), you looked back and smiled and waved. that was a great moment for me. also, i cite my music taste directly to the garden state soundtrack so having another one like that would be the best thing in the world. good luck and i hope this happens!
it is because you often show your love to the fans that i have decided to give you a hand, you deserve it! good luck!
zach, this is the first time i have been turned on to kickstarter, and i have to say, i am excited to see what you have in store for us.  been a huge fan of yours since i was a teen growing up with scrubs.  you did amazing with garden state, and i truly look forward to see what you have up your sleeves in terms of this new film.
good luck. i know this boat, currently in this boat- there are just some things you can't compromise on...and holy shit, can a check from the devil look sooooo tempting when you want the project made- then you have the flash of, "ehhh, if you let this shmendrik in, esh man, before you know it...a story about a depression era dust bowl farmer struggling with racial prejudice turns into-zak efron playing a billionaire superhero ladies man...set in the future wrestling with how hard it is to be beautiful." all with the sign of a check-its a sad, but all too common story... (true story: had an investor offer 10m as long as he controlled lead casting- his pick ?his 20 something yr old gf [15 years younger than the characters age] who had never been a lead, never been in a feature film, and not we're not even sure if she could act or just imagined she could. either way, we walked from the deal, the content was too important to be compromised in such a debilitating way. plus 15-25% back end??!! gtfooh! ) the long and the short of it - i appreciate/&relate to your commitment to wanting to keep the piece in tact- these pages become babies, raising, and cultivating them over the years. we don't do this because we have to, we do this because we want to, because we love to, if we didn't love it, we wouldn't be willing to fight to keep the pages the way they were meant to be seen. so...cheers & fight on sir, fight on.
i'm thrilled to be a part of this project...however small that part may be.  i was an extra on a film in maryland years ago and although i was never used in the film, i had a blast just being on the set and around the cast.  made me love movies even more.   kickstarter is a wonderful idea and i can't imagine that you will have any trouble reaching your goal, and beyond.  best of luck and congratulations on the screen play.  can't wait to see the finished product!!
just donated, very happy to do so. zach - please consider denver as an additional place to do a screening. geographically you are missing our whole area of the us.
dude!  i'm so stoked about this, i've been running around telling all my friends.  i absolutely loved garden state and i'm excited to be a part of this project in any way possible! too bad you aren't filming near me, i'd volunteer my services as gofer, or maybe i could be the pool boy? :-p
i'm extremely annoyed at the fact that hollywood, tv companies, etc are all focused on the numbers and not the content itself.  if the current way things are produced, we would have never seen shows like cheers as it didn't meet the numbers.  hollywood has become the same way.  if the story isn't like every other story, or if it isn't going to make a billion in the first weekend, then they won't give it a shot.  kickstarter is an awesome way to show hollywood that people like a great story and are willing to pay for it.  you just have to believe in it.
hey zach and coco! i'm so excited to be backing this project. i loved garden state, much like everyone else here. i have one request though for both of you. please, when you reach your goal (which i know you will), close the kickstarter and don't take extra money. i see so many kickstarter campaigns reaching 2000% above their goal and there's money that could be going to other projects. so all i ask is that when you reach $2,000,000, close this up and break some ground!
just a quick message to say this project is so amazing. i couldn't believe it when i saw people getting annoyed at the fact you have started this campaign. just because you're a celebrity doesn't mean you have any less passion and drive and love for film making - anyone who watches any of your work would see how much you love it. thanks for giving us all a chance to make this movie with you - it's crazy exciting and i can't wait to see it develop! x
very exciting! i wish you all the best with this project! garden state was amazing! soundtrack was amazing! keep up the great work!
pleged and spread the word. :-)  go for it, zach braff, can't wait to watch the movie! this project will set a new kickstarter record, i'm sure! ^^ cheers from germany! (and no, i'm no "klaus" ... xd)
please consider casting timothy olyphantastic!!
you braff brothers do good work. love that this is happening. love that we get the opportunity to be a part of it. thank you! go forth! -ph
zach- i would back you even if the project was you reading the phone book! love you and i can't wait to see the film!!
just added another 25 so i can get the garden state dvd signed by the great zach braff. cant wait...
i wish there were more advanced screenings - and in other locations, like miami or atlanta perhaps?
in the past 20 hours or so the counter has almost stopped to go up. i believe there are too many interesting rewards gone now. to motivate people to pledge, there should be more (other/different) rewards... greetings from germany
add more $100 advanced screenings.  i think you could get hundreds of additional pledges at this level.  you will go far beyond $2,000,000 at your current rate.
how sweet, clare!! i'm posting again to ask zach or coco to please share the timeline graph of the backer donations... i'm mathy and would love to see the calculus of this project! #wheni'maloneigooglegraphs ;-)
stayed awake all night watching that counter. i am so excited. hope the "eagle" lands soon. thank you zach and coco..
i was asleep in bed late one night and was woken up by my boyfriend - i had to come and watch the film that he had just watchd right away. that's right, he had watched garden state and loved it so much that he woke me in the wee small hours and watched it again with me all the way through. he loved it so much that he wanted to share it with me, and then i loved it so much that i had to share it and so the story goes on! it makes me feel less alone on the days that i feel as though i am a bit odd and don't belong anywhere. as i am now much older than the characters, i wondered if perhaps i should be a bit more sorted ..and lo, you fulfill my need. i know it will be wonderful.  i hope that the out pouring of love from people all over the world that have seen your work and related to it so personally gets to the money men and gives them pause for thought. big love from the uk x x see you in london i hope!
this comments for coco! as a loyal backer, i have read over all the updates several times and i think this project is amazing. i noticed you mentioned that you started as an intern with stacey sher and i'm actually moving out to los angeles at the end of may to be a production intern. i would love to know if stacey is in need of an intern when you all start this process. i would love to help more than the $100 i've pledged and i'd be willing to work for free! please let me know.
garden state was a large part of my high school experience. most of my friends and i are graduating or soon to graduate college now, but whenever we get together we can remember watching the movie, and especially listening to the soundtrack over and over again. i think it really spoke to us, like we were those people, like that could be anyone's life. i'm excited to see the next step in that idea. and we all trust you, zach.
hello, garden state is one of my favorite movies of all time. i made a pledge to wish i was here and can't wait to see it!
hello guys, i really enjoyed garden state and i waited a very long time for zach's next project. now i know why and i back you a 100% if you're an artist you should be able to do the movie you want. on a personal note: when i was diagnosed with cancer in 2008 i watched all episodes of scrubs that were out at that time. it really helped me through two operations. i did not have to have chemo and i'm fine ever since... good luck to you all. greetings from germany thomas
greetings from germany, it is a pleasure to support this project. wouldn't it be helpful to possibly add some pledges between 100 and 999$?
i haven't seen garden state (wait, hold your fire) but i plan to soon. i watched scrubs from the beginning and while it was always funny, it usually touched me. i'm not ashamed to admit that i cried during the finale of season 8 when jd watched the video outside the hospital. that show made me think about moments in my life and how i wanted to live. so i'm glad to support zach on this, and any project he's working on. i believe in him. eagle!
i was just listening to "tape from california" by phil ochs and he says the line, "wish i was here." coincidence? or inspiration for movie title? either way it's a great song. good luck, excited to be part of this!
i am so excited(!) to see a movie where donald faison, jim parsons, and chris hardwick play sexy pool boys who drive a fresca smart car across the country to rescue zach braff from a vegas whore house. there's an oscar in there, for sure. probably for scooter.
can't wait to see what comes of all of this.  i loved garden state, loved the soundtrack. backing was a no-brainer for me. keep up the good work and good luck bucking the system.
following you on twitter @dalybear. up your pledge :)
love garden state! so excited to be a part of this. so i did this with veronica mars and i'll do it again. i just pledged 20 dollars but every twitter follower i get in the next hour will be worth another 2 dollars.  so if 10 people follow me on twitter in the next hour, i will put up another 20 dollars and so on. @dalybear let's get this sucker to 2 million today!
bravo!! just so stoked to take part in this project, even if a small one. i have faith in you zach, 'garden state' has been my top movie for the past 8 years, and i have no doubt you're gonna nail it once again. incentive or not, i'd back the shit out of it in a heartbeat (tho i look forward to my lithograph i'm not gonna lie). thanks for giving us the opportunity to help you out, and give you that well-deserved final cut. all the very best, and looking forward to following you during prod. kindest regards from geneva, switzerland
hello zach and all working on this project. i'm not good in using words... i'll only say that i was really touched by garden state (and not only for natalie portman ). i felt a sort of connection with your movie and it's soundtrack and i'm glad to contribute. please add some more events in europe !
i feel like today is the day.  2 mil by the end of the day is totally doable!  there were 300k yesterday, i assume we can get the same from today.  early congrats are in order for the braff brothers.  looking forward to what your brains will show us!
i'm so glad the chicago screenings are all gone. i couldn't afford it but i wanted it so bad. it was awful slowly watching the last few get snatched up. if only this were happening next month and ending in late june, i could have afforded one of them. i kept almost getting it but that would have meant ruin, lol. now that they're forever out of reach i feel surprisingly relieved. anyone else have that feeling with one of the perks?
i literally wish i could give this project all of my money. i can't wait to see what you do with this project, zach. i expect only amazing things.
chaps, glad to be aboard and be part of such a passionate community with the single goal of bringing your vision to the big screen. wishing everyone involved the very best of luck with the production. all the very best from gav in aberdeen, scotland!
this is the first kickstarter project i have backed - i don't have a lot in the way of expendable income but i have always been a fan of yours, zach. scrubs is one of the best tv shows of all time, in my opinion, and i loved garden state. i am truly excited for you to get the response that you have and i know that this project will be amazing. although i would love to mount you and scream "eagle," i am very glad to be a part of this project. if you are ever in charleston, sc let's get a beer! sarah
mate, you guys are gonna piss it in! easy peasy lemon squeezy! happy to help. garden state was brilliant. can't wait to see what you have for us this time around. luck and love from dee in perth,  western australia
hey zach, as i write the 25k mark is cracked and that within 2 days is impressive. you and the other people involved did some great work with this project so far. though i haven't seen "garden state", but will do so asap, you convinced me to contribute as much as a poor little student from germany can. i figured that i won't drink any alcohol for two months to save the money i pleged. i wish you all the best and hopefully you'll be able to realize this project the way you imagined it. let me know if you ever have plans to come to germany with "wish i was here" and i'll be more than happy to help you out with bookings, travel and the best german beer and wine there is ;-) if you ever do come, think about screening your movie at my university, university of goettingen, and i'll promise you 900 students if you come in the winter months and about 3,000 if you come late may. think about it :-) regards from goettingen, felix
(originally posted on fb, but thought i would comment here as well) hi, i live in south orange, nj. my son goes to south orange middle school and told me all about your visit. it's so great to hear that such talent has come from this town. i just sent in my contribution and am really looking forward to seeing your movie. hope to meet you at the premiere!
"-are you an idiot? - no, sir, i am a dreamer" wish you luck and i am glad to support your dream. julien from france
it will hopefully be a great opportunity to see something as original as garden state again on the screen. i am happy to back this project, good luck zach.
just wanted to say well done to coco for getting involved in such a great project. garden state was a brilliant film loved by both me and my daughter. it also introduced me to frou frou :)
hi from manchester! loved garden state, saw you in london for "all new people" (and you graciously signed my copy of the script), and hope this goes well - looking like it will easily make your goal and no wonder! just wondered what the feasibility of putting all the backers names (unless they don't want to be included, of course) into a "thanks for funding" feature on the dvd/blu-ray release would be? sure that would straight away get thousands of copies of the shelves! :d anyway, good luck!
hello! i just wanted to say that i am about to graduate from college with a degree in telecommunications from indiana university - bloomington and would love nothing more than to work on this movie! i will be in la in august. i will be fresh out of an internship with viacom (mtv, specifically) and i have already had an internship last summer with maker studios in la. i know how to conduct myself on set and can coil cables (correctly), set up lights, and run equipment like a champ, though through school and internships i have learned about many of the other aspects of film making so i can gladly do more if needed. pay isn't necessary, but an awesome movie is! i'll do what i can to make the later happen!
back in 2004 i'd discovered a great new band called frou frou. shortly after i found out a song of theirs would be in the movie garden state. so i booked myself and my girlfriend tickets to the screening at the bfi london film festival, oblivious to the fact this was the red carpet screening of the movie! it was a great atmosphere and the cast were mingling amongst the general public before the movie started. after the movie, there was a q&a and i was lucky enough to be able to ask a question about the soundtrack. zach mentioned that as he shopped the script (with free soundtrack cd) around hollywood he got lots of rejections, but everybody thanked him for the great cd! he then name-checked guy and immi from frou frou and they stood up in the audience to take a bow. such a great night.
oh but if you don't cast jim parsons in it as a pool boy then i may have to withdraw my funding. tragic loss i know...!
yay, glad this is looking very likely to get funded. loved garden state, and also 'all about people' that we saw in manchester (even if the critics didn't!). one thing, you've said no dvd/download etc due to the distributors wanting exclusivity. i understand that now, ie you wouldn't want to let people download (and then potentially pirate) the movie before it's even hit theatres, but surely it would be acceptable to give people access to the download when the movie is eventually released on dvd/blu-ray/download? it seems fairly unusual to back a film (i've backed quite a few on here, hotel noir, el regresso, cicada princess etc), without getting the film itself. i don't think many of us mind delayed gratification, we can see the movie in theatres as expected, safe in the knowledge that eventually we will get a copy of it in some form, as and when it's released in that format to the general public. just a thought.
i'm so happy to help you continue giving us beautiful, inspirational movies. thank so much for what you brought to the world of cinema with one single movie.
hello from barcelona!!  maybe i will not have the chance to see your movie in theaters here...but it's worth it to help you guys, although my contribution is not too big :p i love your updates :d keep doing that!! estel, barcelona, spain
backed from italy :) i love scrubs and all your movies. i can not wait to see this new movie. you are the best!
hello from seoul! i really loved scrubs and garden state is one of my favourite films. i'm really excited and happy about what you are doing :d i hope a beautiful film gets born, this is just so amazing!! also, can you come to seoul please? it would mean alot to people like me here. good luck! kathy, seoul, s.korea
hello zach, this is an amazing plan...maybe movies can be made and shown as they intended to be now! any chance you can squeeze two more into the london show? my friend and i are entering our 30ths and need to fight off the greying hair and wrinkles with fun and excitement! i have pledged but would up if i can get to the london show...plus i am really small so it's really only like 1 and a half people. hit me back... mat, london, uk
dear zach, i think it's fantastic that you're going the kickstarter route - the film will be much better with you in charge of the casting and the final cut! garden state is one of my all-time favourite films - everything about the film was great - the cast, the script and the soundtrack. when i visited la a few years back, i bought a copy of your script. i also went and saw cary brothers, mandy moore and priscilla ahn play at the hotel café thanks to garden state. i'm a writer as well, so naturally, i'm broke. but i love your work so much that i just had to support your next project. i've pledged $40 - i know it's not much, but i hope it helps.  i also think it's great that you've written the screenplay with your brother. i've spent the last seven years co-writing a four book fantasy series with my sister. i'm sure you'll have a blast making the film together! feel free to drop by our series' facebook page. ( www.facebook.com/zarkora ) all the best from oz, nicholas, brisbane, australia
i'm not a huge fan of scrubs, and i've never actually seen garden state (i know, a shame. i'll probably do that this weekend), but i just believed in what zach had to say and i completely bought his cause and backed this project. excited to see what will happen in the next 12 months!
a screening in cologne, germany would be awesome but berlin will also do. hope you can make it happen!
most excellent repeatedly watching the intro film (which is worth a pledge in itself) over a glass of wine and seeing the pledge count rise. the internet plainly wants this film to be made. of course the film we *really* want to see is dr. acula...maybe a stretch goal ;)
good luck zach! loved garden state and scrubs and am confident that this movie will be just as big a hit :)
obviously by "god" i meant "good". or did i?! :p
i cannot be more excited for this project of yours, zach. you are the only celebrity that i would be willing to invest in, because you're one of us man! a god, creative talented person who didn't let success get over your head, and who makes me laugh and think. so thank you for that, i'm 200% sure you will do an amazing job. i'll see you in london!! ciao bello!
dear zach. if i had 2'000'000$, i would give it to you, regardless wether others already had made pledges or not. but i don't so i really hope what i can give - and what we all can give you - will be enough to make your and our dream come true. i know that what you do is generally bound to be awesome and that you will put your blood sweat and tears in it (ewww), to make it a wonderful movie i can be proud of having supported this project. the pledge is just a nice extra, which is why i made a higher pledge than needed. but even if there was no reward, i believe in you - we all do! but there is still a goal to reach, i wish you all the luck in the world.
hello from austria! nice project, i love it! hope that jim parson is the sexy poolboy ;-)
wake up. shower. dress. invest in independent film project. walk to work. #notsohumdrumthismorning. my bestie and i have invested on behalf of each other (unusual birthday gift- with our birthdays a day apart, one up manship is a problem. this is the first time we have bought each other the same present in 25yrs and i think it will be hard to beat). we could not be more excited, good luck to you all. sal & em, manchester, uk
hello from austria! i'm looking forward to your movie! i believe in you!
awesome news. i loved garden state and there was no way i wouldn't be backing this. is there any chance of a dvd or bluray for backers package? if you do, you can count on an upgrade pledge from me.
hey coco. thanks for the update! keep up the good work everyone! peace and love. ash
backed from rome, italy! scrubs and garden state were both really important to me growing up! only wish you could do screenings over here, too... anyway, good luck!
hi zach, dare i say your show and movie have defined a generation not only in the us but in many countries around the world. i have travelled in a few of them and incredibly i have found the same enthusiasm and response to your work. currently settling down in australia, it would be amazing if you could come over with some of the cast, particularly in sydney where your fan base is huge! all of us would love to have an opportunity to say thank you for bringing us laughter and emotion through your work as an actor and movie maker.. in any case i am very proud sponsor of your film and i am totally psyched at the idea of watching it once it comes out. thank you and please keep on making movies that speak to us :)
i'm so excited to be part of this little club! i love garden state so much. when i first saw it in the cinema i was in my twenties and identified with many of the issues largeman was facing. the scene in the pool where he discusses feeling homesick for a place that no longer exists summed up exactly how i was feeling at that point in my life. i'll be in my thirties when wish i was here is released and i'm looking forward to a whole more wisdom bombs coming my way! zach i think you are an amazing writer and director and i'm so happy that you've found a way to maintain creative control - because of this the film is going to rock! lots of love from scotland.
hello from england :) i have been keeping a close eye on the site for the past two days and i cant believe you are almost over the finish line. garden state to this day is my favorite film (and i watch a lot) i have nothing but good memories from the first, second, tenth time i have seen this film, the sorry warms your heart and the soundtrack keeps you coming back. i am very happy that i can contribute in such a way to this project, i was even lucky enough to pledge in time for ny premier & afterparty tickets, its going to be one mad night and i cant wait to fly across the pond, if it is anything like all new people i cant wait. roll on 2014 - this goal amount is done, 4 million anyone? good luck matt
whoa, scott c.! just a couple days before i discovered this project, i asked my husband if he always thought of the garden state mom when the dishwasher door is open. then that leads me to think of my favorite scene, the tap dance in front of the huge fireplace, with the swelling of that song. damn what a soundtrack! so simple, but sweet and powerful. and, when things get tough, how many times have we reminded each other.... "there's thaaaat"... you've ruined us, zach. and we love it.
backed from scotland! we believe in you!!
backed from belgium with love :)
there isn't often you can leave the cinema with a little story to go with a film, but with garden state i do. it's not much, but i was suddenly a lot more self concious when the shins were actually mentioned, seeing as i was wearing a shins t-shirt at the time. i looked like a true little fanboy even though it was purely inadvertent. my other garden state quip is that i can never look at an open dishwasher door without thinking about large's mum's accident. totally bizarre. anyway, these things are kind beside the point to the fact i love gs and have wanted to see zach make another film for a long time, so i'm delighted to contribute to it in my own small way. plus it gives me another story to add to the zb directorial oeuvre as a bonus. thanks scott
so glad/excited to be a part of this. scrubs will always be my favorite show! i cannot even put into words what it means to me. zach, i hope that you continue to follow your dreams and create art that truly inspires people. you're awesome.
i am so excited for this! keep doing what you do!
braaaaaff!  *looking to the sky, shaking fist
backed! love garden state and zach braff, i wish you all luck!
delighted to be a part of this project, always admired zb more than any other actor and scrubs and garden state will always be a part of me. also loved all new people in london. can't wait for all the updates and for the day my fiancée and mate go to the screening in london, going to be great. will there be a chance to add things to your kick starter donation, e.g i've paid 110 dollars for london screening and the exras. could i make a donation too add things like the signed artwork? dan
don't worry about all these meanies picking on you about this awesome kickstarter campaign. the beatles couldn't have stated it better: "i get by with a little help from my friends." ;)
i'm thrilled to be a part of this project. i love the blogs and the videos and happy to see them continue as we go in this journey with you. garden state was an amazing film and scrubs will always be one of my favorites.   scrubs actually inspired me to choreograph and dedicate a dance to it. "my scrubs dance" -http://youtu.be/qpqbrdrx2rq check it out if you get the chance. also consider checking out danielle ate the sandwich in itunes. she has some amazing  music. i know how you love the tunes-the gs soundtrack is a favorite. keep up the good work and thanks again for sharing the opportunity.
hi there guys! what about a reward including the film on dvd/br? it would be great! (i'd increase my pledge! :d)
i can't describe how i felt when i heard about this. garden state as one of my top 3 "go to" movies of my college years, and remains one of my favorite movies of all time. i was just a shy boy in college when i ended up sharing a room in a small apartment with a guy i'd never met before. we instantly bonded over gs and have been best friends ever since. i couldn't contribute money fast enough once i heard this was on kickstarter. i can't wait to see wiwh! good luck zach!
i've been waiting for a new project of yours for so long. i loved scrubs, but more important: i love gs. it's one of my favourites. it gives you so much stength and a total new perspective in your life. the moment i heard your play was going to make it to london i have booked a flight. it's still one of the most funniest things i have ever seen. but i dont love your stuff because you are just funny, but because your stuff is  equaly meaningfull. i am convinced that wish i was here will also be like that! best wishes from cologne, germany
i wish i could give you my life savings! garden state will always be one of my favorite films of all time. with your talent and the freedom this project will offer, you will do great things. we are all behind you zach! and so honored to be a part of this.
wow! quite addictive to read the comments from the friends i never knew i had ;) one reflection is that it would be great if we could arrange backer mingle opportunities globally. it feels like being part of a cool club, and it would be great to be able to meet and greet like-minded. i am based in sweden and is happy to support this project, the first backer mails alone received the last 12 hours feels like it has been worthwhile to fund. finally, i truly believe that this project will be described as one of the most revolutionary marketing campaigns in history, the power of likeability ;)
garden state was a source of home for me for many years. i watch it often to recharge myself and give myself perspective. i can't tell you how i felt when i heard about this project. i have never wanted to have so much money to give away. i hope my small donation can add something to this exciting project.
my kids and i watch scrubs marathons on a pretty regular basis.  i love that it's one of the few shows my 16 year old boy, 13 year old girl and thirtysomething year old self can enjoy together.  when i told them about this project, they immediately asked if we could support it...as if there was any doubt in my mind that we would.  and to celebrate, we saw oz, the great and powerful this evening.  congratulations and may you have continued success!
i honestly cant even describe the first feeling i got when i saw this pop up on the internet. now i just cant wait to be part of it... even if its just in a small way. as anyone in my life can tell you im essentially addicted to scrubs. now i just need to figure out how to get my hands on 10 grand and convince you to open another spot up.....oh the dreams i can dream...
thank you for letting us be a part of this project! garden state was and continues to be a truly meaningful part of my life. the first time i saw it, i stayed in the theater until the bittersweet end of the credits, wanting to cement myself in the seat cushion and watch it again and again. it helped me create a road map to navigate the painful and profound moments of my 20s and it continues to remind me to find beauty in small wonders. i feel so honored to participate in this new project!!!
garden state was unforgettable. scrubs provided years of entertainment. i didn't hesitate a second to contribute money towards your next endeavor zach. wish you all the best in this next step forward.
i'm a big fan of garden state, and i'm very glad to make a small contribution to wish i was here :)
ever since i backed this morning i have been running the garden state soundtrack in my car and in my head and talking about this project with my friends.  never had i realized there were so many other fans that your film resonated with so deeply.  i'm already in love with this new film concept as i am arriving in that next awkward phase of adulthood.  thrilled to be part of this endeavor.  thank you.
i think today will be the day it reaches 2 mil!
happy to be a backer. garden state was so good i know this movie will be great. proud to be from jersey. i want my t-shirt zach braff!! size medium please!!!
if any twitter users want to show support for the project, i designed these backgrounds: http://bluebrain.net/twitter-backg-wishiwashere.jpg | http://www.bluebrain.net/twitter-backg-wishiwashere_2.jpg | http://www.bluebrain.net/twitter-backg-wishiwashere_3.jpg . enjoy!
we raised an initial $17,000 for our film "looking at the stars" but are still in need of help. if anyone wants to check out our project about the first and only ballet school for the blind in sao paulo, brazil,  please visit http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2062350660/olhando-pras-estrelas-looking-at-the-stars-0 and to still help us make a beautiful film please donate at http://starsdoc.com . @balletstarmovie on twitter (http://twitter.com/balletstarmovie) i can't wait to see "wish i was here!" i hope the soundtrack is baller! crowdfund on!
how do i pledge to get the signed garden state dvd and the wish i was here poster??
garden state is one of my all-time favorite films. it came out right around the end of my college years and hit me like a ton of bricks ("i've got a ton of bricks for dr. dorian."), so i'm thrilled to hear about this and ecstatic to contribute. also if you need more music, i'd be glad to oblige :-)
garden state has a special place in the hearts of my husband and i! we can't wait to screen the movie in la!! congrats and we can't wait for this new movie to take a new part in our own story. xo
so happy to be a part of this! a boston screening would be pretty awesome. just sayin :)
now i just need to start a kickstarter campaign to raise $8,000 to help me realize my dream of being part of the film symposium for wish i was here. anyone want to back me?
i loved the video, it inspired me to help (in my little way) create something i am sure will be amazing.  thank you zach!  good luck and  i can't wait for the final creation.
all my favorite movies end with a twist.  a coin in the hat from miami charlie.  merde.
1000th comment !!!
good luck with the project zach.  i'm backing because i loved the music in gs and i need to make sure        studios see that crowd funding isnt a fad and the other zach (levi) gets to make a chuck movie..
this is my first back! super stoke
you have a lot of support.  make it extraordinary.  all the best to you!
dear dr. dorian, thanks for giving us the opportunity to help you to make your next dream movie. waiting line was one of my favorite songs long before i got to see garden state, but it captured that moment in the basement just so perfectly that i could immediately identify with the movie. i hope you will have as much joy as possible doing this project your way! i cannot wait to see the preview in london :)
we're getting there, it's awesome to be able to contribute, i joined kickstarter just for (wish i was here) movie to be made and i'm glad it's been so successful for you mr braff, do us proud!
zach, i've never used kickstarter before, but i totally believe in what you're doing.  thanks for giving me the opportunity to be a part of it!
garden state has a fond place in my heart.  glad to contribute my $40!
this by far is one of the most pledge worthy projects to ever hit kickstarter. i tip my hat off to you for thinking out of the box to get financed while retaining your artistic integrity. my contribution is a drop in the bucket in the grand scheme of things but i'm honored to have a role in backing your film. i was a bit bummed out all your chicago screening tix were gone. i'd love a shot at the additional screening (if that happens, oh please oh please oh please!!!!).  this may be one of the fastest projects to get fully funded in ks history. congrats zach and adam! - scrubs4life!
http://www.dahliasday.com/p/the-da.html tribute to zach.
let's break the 91,585 backers record of veronica mars! and also lets raise 6 million!
i joined just to support you the way garden state supported me and was the soundtrack to my quarter-life crisis! thank you for making something for my 30s. love and appreciate you.
zach, my contribution was small but what i think you are doing is helping promote the "indie" spirit and that is amazing. i found out about your kickstart from a tweet by joel mchale and i watched your video pitch yesterday and i think i donated at the 3500 backer tally and you were at 200 k then i checked again later that night and it was over 1 million!!!. at first i thought " no this is something from funny or die" but then i soon realized you were serious(although you are a very funny and talented actor). congrats and i loll forward to following you on your journey.  jud niven calgary,alberta canada
i'd say the goal will be hit; maybe tomorrow. congrats, zach. we are honored to be (minor) contributors. heard you on the local npr station in la this afternoon, and you nailed it. go make (another) awesome movie and we will be part of that opening day audience (even after the preview with you in la). no way to know if this is a new, sustainable business model for making films, but even as a one off, it's really exciting to be a part of. (and, we're really looking forward to the music, given how amazing the garden state soundtrack was -- listen to this, it'll change your life).
mr. braff, i wish i could help more. i know a little bit about artistic compromise, if i can help lift that even a little for you, i am happy to do what i can. and thank you for this, its a very cool feeling.
zach: you, donald, sarah, john, and everyone else (yo, bill lawrence) involved with scrubs changed the way i viewed comedy tv.  i'm no writer so trying to explain exactly how i feel would be quite difficult.  basically, your work is awesome. garden state is amazing, i was a fan of the last kiss, i even cracked a smile every time chicken little was summoned playing kingdom hearts.  even though i wasn't able to contribute a whole lot, i can't wait to sit back and watch this movie get made. i'm sure it'll be amazing.  thanks for letting me be a part of it. -aaron
*pledge (ruddy autocorrect)
i'd like to make another edge but this site does not allow me to do it as a gift for my film mad, film studying, uni attending daughter. i want her name on the wall. sadly all your tickets to london are gone too and we live here in england :( help? if i apply again it will come out in my name and not be a surprise for her!!
i feel like through this project we are all somehow reconnecting to the feelings behind garden state, scrubs, the last kiss, ...bringing it all back to life. very proud and happy to be a part of this, and i can't wait to hear the soundtrack and playlists during filming!
this is the first project i ever pledge for. never seen scrubs, but i did see garden state. the movie was a classic, it can be placed on the same list as the graduate. i would like to see what else you can come up with. plus i read that you were a john ritter fan and jack tripper was my childhood hero. so good luck! kickstarter was smart move mr. braff, a very smart move.
it's great to feel like we get to be a part of this. everyone wants to feel part of something bigger, zach and team thank you for giving all of us this opportunity. we all benefit here, this is our project as much as yours ^.^ i think for the most part the contributors have grown up with film and entertainment and it's touched our lives in many ways. gs was wonderful and broke through to a more non traditionally indie market and let us see these characters that were more us than the glossy ones typically seen. we trust your vision we, we support your success and we know backing you is a win.  pipe-dream seeing live band/ maybe orchestra accompanied screening @ hollywood bowl...just saying >.>
i agree with what mr taylor just said. i also think it is an awesome idea. getting fans involved ... true fans... that are being allowed to be part of something so unique. a man that wants to maintain creative control of his vision, not allowing it to be exploited into a meaningless heap. zach has talent and conveys it the way it should be..
thanks to zach & everyone involve for making even the littlest contributor feel like we pledge a million bucks :-)
the backlash about this campaign is completely ridiculous. how in the world could this possibly be "ruining kickstarter". this website/method is 100% what the users make it. if you do not agree with the program then don't fund it and your life has not changed one bit. all of the projects you think are worthy of funding will be there and will continue to exist. this is simply a slight evolution of the system. yeah, maybe the movie "could have been made with zach's own money and external funding", but not the way he wanted to make it - with absolute freedom. if you don't agree with him and think he should have gone the other route then cool, great, fantastic, again, do not support it. but, if you agree with the process and in entirely independent film-making (let alone a film made by one of the greatest people in all of human history) then make the pledge. i did and i could not be more excited for the project.
this is great!! garden state is my favorite movie ever, and has influenced my taste in music more than anything else in the world. i can't wait to see how this turns out! do the damn thang!
wow...so completely gratifying to be a part of this!
can't tell you how thrilled i am to be able to be a part of this! so looking forward to the finished product and being a small part of the process, go zach!
i feel i took from gs everything you put into it. i watch it often. i've been determinedly waiting for another film of the same tone. you are such an innovatory artist. thank you!
hi zach & team, i am so glad to be a part of this -- even just to have the opportunity to be a part of it! what a wonderful community to have created, bringing together a group of people who would never normally have an opportunity to be involved like this in the development process of a film, let alone a film by someone who is so exciting to get behind. i look forward tremendously to following all the stages of the process! all the very best, tal
sooo stoked to be a part of this! garden state and scrubs has gotten me through dark times and mean a lot to me. thanks for never selling out and making films that you wholeheartedly believe in! long live independent film!
hey zach, i'm a student at boston college - can't wait to see you next saturday when you visit campus!
zach: there are two persons inside each one of us.  the "outside" person that we project and the "inside" person that we see ourselves.  your past work had touched the "inside" of us and helped so many of us.  backing you is like we are reaching back to give you a hand.  so satisfying!!!!!  thank you for letting us in.
dear zach, i've been a big fan of yours for a long time. garden state is one of my absolute favourite movies. i also really enjoyed the high cost of living and the last kiss as well. you were also one of the best parts of oz.  but back to garden state. it's one of my all-time favourite films and has been a genuine inspiration for me (like the perks of being a wallflower and the way). garden state was a great influence on one of my scripts. i've written two feature films so far and continue to write several others. i'm a third of the way through my third one. i'm just graduating from the film and video production at sait polytechnic in calgary, alberta. i'm looking to start my writer/director career in independent films. so another reinforcement as to why you're such a major inspiration to me. speaking of calgary (my hometown), could there be a screening of "wish i was here" as well? i'd be eternally grateful. thanks!
very excited about this project and being able to support. love your work. you and your team as well as all of the backers are truly inspiring.
i'm not normally one to get involved in kickstarters, or post comments on things, but i really wanted you to know how excited i am that i am able to be a part of this great thing you are doing. zach (if i may call you zach), i watched scrubs from the very beginning, and all through highschool. then, when i was in grade 11, garden state came out. i went and saw it right after my 17th birthday, and i was blown away. i loved it. i bought the sound track right away (the first cd i had bought at full price in more than 3 years at that point), and listened to it every day. i had had a falling out with some friends right before the movie came out, and it really helped me get through that. as soon as i saw the kickstarter for wish i was here, i knew i had to chip in. the countless minutes and hours and days of joy and deep thought you had brought me were definitely worth way more to me than i could ever say, so i put my money where my mouth is. i knew that if this new movie could be for myself or others what garden state was for me 9 years ago, there was no question in my mind that it needed to get made. the very best of luck to you with this project, and i can't wait to see the end result!
i'm am very excited to be a part of this movie project! garden state was a very thought provoking and meaningful movie. wish you all the best with this movie, and cannot wait till it comes out!
keep growing numbers! zach do you have an idea of how long the filming would take? like, when would we be able to see the movie?
i love this whole idea of using kickstarter to get worth while films made... very exciting!  i am glad to be one of the many who are supporting the arts even if its in a minimal way.
zach and team, this is such an fun and very unique project! its fun to be a part of this excitement with you. i'm pumped for this projects success so far (and only in 2 days!). you're awesome for doing this, keep having a blast with it!! looking forward to backing future films. sincerely, pix
i am so excited for zach!! he is one of the nicest, coolest, funniest, hard working, honest and talented people i have ever worked with!! you are very loved by many people my monkey!
zach your almost there! i backed yours project now come check out my project, no, really.
cannot wait!!  this is going to happen zach!!
i haven't been in a position to watch movies i quite some time. i loved scrubs. but i haven't seen garden state. i just watched a clip on imdb which was hilarious, (the dog problem clip) so now i am back on my feet and i am going to get the dvd. i am so proud to be part of this.
so excited for this, it's going to be amazing :)
so happy to be a backer for this! i cannot wait to see your movie and am so excited to be a part of this. if only i could convince you to do an advanced screening/q&a in little ole denton, texas! thank you for letting us be a part of your magic <3
that's awesome coco that you started off as an intern. i've interned for double feature as well while i was a senior at ucsb. i know ameet is still there and he seems to do well. i wish you all the best success (it seems like its coming to fruition)
i'm so excited about this film. i loved scrubs and garden state through and through and often find myself pondering the little "lessons" from certain episodes of scrubs, and watching garden state when i just want to feel good about having a quarter life crisis. i can't wait to see what this film brings. i would love if you could come to denver for a screening, but understand i that's just not possible.
i collect signed movie posters, so i was thrilled that i'm going to get one with the whole cast. :)  i also wanted to attend the after party but didn't know how to do both.  i was also scared/excited to meet you and thought what would i say to him if i met him.  so, being the terrible procrastinator that i am, i did nothing.  now all the after party tix are gone.  :'(  do you think you'll offer more later? either, way, i'm happy to support such a worth film. ^_^
i'm really thrilled to be a part of this, i think i've watched scrubs about 7 times now and garden state is a movie that means a lot to me, i watched it in a very complicated time in my life and it really helped me to get some perspective and realize that giving up won't help anyone, good luck on the project and sorry for my english. greetings from brazil!
hi coco. thanks for the update.
garden state is amazong even dubbes in german and i love the part when you sit next to natalie portman and you both hear the song of modest mouse. i love it
zach- i've followed you since scrubs-- and garden state (both the music and the story) spoke to a serious part of my mid 20's (though i was natalie portman's character). you're an amazing filmmaker and actor-- and i am so proud to help you make your next film. keep doing what you are doing- and i can't wait to see "wish you were here"!!!
do an advanced screening in toronto! (please)
wow, i just went to work, came home checked my kickstart pledges and you're  close to achieving your goal, which means the project is going to be funded and i get to see an advance screening of this movie and maybe get to ask zach a question of "what he thinks about the kickstarter community?" cause i think it's a gift of love...
i hadn't heard of kickstarter before your announcement, but i really love the concept. i wish we could afford to give a little more support, but every little bit helps, right? garden state made a big impression on me. at a time in my life where i was starting to drift away from home but hadn't made a new one yet, and finding out what kind of person i wanted to be, garden state was like this pat on the shoulder - understanding, encouragement, and acceptance. and it struck me how unique your film-making was, and how poignant simple things became without having to point them out. i appreciate that you don't underestimate your audience. anyway, i'm super excited to be a part of your next project and can't wait to go along for the ride!
when i first saw garden state i was not in a great place in my life. seeing andrew come to life, and the message he brought changed me forever. garden state is my favorite movie of all time, and i when i'm feeling down, or like i'm blending in with the world around me, i watch that movie and see how even in tough times, there is a sliver lining. i can't wait to see wish i was here. if i had more money i would donate more, just leaving college has run me a little dry. thank you zach and everyone on this team.
garden state is amazing!
garden state has been an important film in my life.  (so was the last kiss, for that matter.)  when i saw garden state for the first time i was 23 and in a time of huge transition from college into "adulthood."  my parents moved 1200 miles away at the same time and i felt adrift.  i related to andrew largeman in a way that i've never connected to a fictional character before. now that i'm in my 30s, i'm very excited to see what zach has to say about this time of life.
it doesn't matter if you're a monkey or a dr., i have your back.  :-) just keep making us smile.
i'm so happy you did this zach. i'd spend (at least) probably 40 bucks to see this movie in theaters, you know just on base movie price tickets, and then more for the dvd. this way, i can actually give the money directly to the people responsible for the time and effort in creating a great movie. simply wonderful and i'm ecstatic to be a part of this. :]
this has been amazing watching this project go so quickly.recently,on the advise of a like minded friend i discovered reddit which lead me to learn about kickstarter so i am quite new to this kind of online community thing,but even still this project has truly captivated me.i am so looking forward to the clearly amazing story your planning to tell you fans zach, thanks for the opportunity to be part of this.
i love this entire project, it is quite the experience to be part of something so big and this will always be one of my most cherished investments of my life!
i just wanted to say i'm glad that zach is taking the steps to make the movie he wants and that i'm sure many will be happy to see. like most i know him from scrubs but i think i saw garden state first. i fell utterly and hopelessly in love with the movie. it struck a very strong chord with me so much that i probably saw it once a week (at least) for a year and a half! love an excited fan :d
i'm glad i could help out, even if it isn't as much as others. it'll be exciting to see where this goes. i'm a fan of scrubs and the only other place i've seen zach was in oz and that was great too. i love scrubs so i decided to go for it. i'll watch garden state soon. and please, if you can, get a theater in utah for a screening. thanks and good luck!!!
i'd love a seattle premier :-)!  i'd drop more cash for that right now! can't wait for the film!!
i've never really participated in anything like this, but i can say without a doubt that i cannot wait to see what this kickstarter accomplishes.  i think it's really an awesome way to fund something that we all know is gonna be badass. seriously, i was just typing this out and the number jumped again.  maybe we should start screaming hurrah in the streets.
happy to contribute to such a worthy artist. i'm confident i'll love the film if its anything like garden state.  question...is it too selfish to ask for an autographed "wish i was here" movie poster with my $200 pledge?  would be a nice piece of memorabilia to commemorate being part of this experience. cheers.
wow. nearly another hundred thousand in less than five hours. amazaballs.
hopefully you can add more chicago screenings since sadly i just discovered the campaign now and i was too late to get the chicago screening for 2!
you're headed towards $25 million!  http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/1869987317/wish-i-was-here-1/
okay, the only reason i started watching scrubs waaaaaaaaaaaaay back in the day was because i worked in a hospital.... and zach is cute!!  lol but after laughing my ass off to a episode in which jd says in his helium voice "ill kill you bitches" i was hooked!!! i also believe everyone should have a chance to follow their dreams and do what makes them happy without any obstacles in their way, and by the looks of that counter... its not going to be much longer before it reaches 2 million! good luck, zach, i know it will be a great movie, i look foward to see it!! love ya babies!!
zach, you do realize that all this support is for you and for something else too.  people are contributing because you're their hero, standing up for artistic integrity.  we're sick of the stupid asinine films that the big hollywood machine keeps cranking out at us and we know there is better films that can be made.  we totally believe in you, and your project - but we need to make a statement to the powers that be that we want the kinds of quality films that people like you make.  also, i  have been watching the ticker, too, every chance i get!  it's like watching someone who's been running for the last 24 hours and they are so tired right now they're running more slowly.
thank you for giving us the opportunity to be a part of your vision!
happy to support and sorry about the bad vibes. i know what you are trying to do and that it isn't easy to do it in the established system. we made a small, indie film this year with a fraction of your budget but i still understand what you are doing and support you. best of luck, can't wait to see it.
i participated in this project and i am proud! why? because i know that your future movie will be a good movie as we do not make it any more. i trust you and those who surround you. thank you zach for your simplicity and your joy of life !!! and when you have time, eagle me at dreux, my town. ;)
i can't stop watching the counter!!!! this is gonna get made and i am thrilled to be a tiny part of it.. and a part of the amazing group of fans of zach braff...
eagle men !
it is nearly "appletini" time with extra "tini"
zach's uninhibited creativity is what we are backing here.
hi zach & coco! zach, i'm really excited for this project and i actually backed it before even watching the kickstarter video - now that's trust! please consider doing a screening in d.c. too, that would be awesome and i'd definitely go. thanks!
as soon as i knew you were involved with this project...i had no reservations to join your fellow supporters!!!
this movie sounds great and it will be so much more enjoyable to watch knowing i've helped in a little way and that what we are watching is what you wanted to produce.
yay for one of my artists, colin fix!
ok upped my pledge to 125. holding a change can on a busy corner is well worth it... lol. might just try a different corner tomorrow... go zach!!!!!!!!
as of right now over 20,000 people believe in you and they haven't even seen the end result! that's pretty awesome!!
this is going to be a fantastic piece of work! looking forward to it.
beyond excited to be a part of this! look forward to the greatness that is to come!
this idea gets me quite excited.  your comedic nature has brought me countless laughs in both the ups and downs in life and your humor is an inspiration.  i wish i had more money to donate in order to make a premiere, however i'll donate what i can to your idea! on a side note: as a "furry" myself who's done years of amateur radio and podcasting, i beg of you not to use some shitty mascot costume for that scene.  there are plenty of amazing creators and or suiters willing to help..  or even creators that would make a suit for the movie itself.  http://www.onefurall.com/  ^.^
i've loved zach since episode 1 of scrubs, loved garden state and listen to the soundtrack all the time. i then saw his play in london, met him, got a photo and autograph, and got very giddy and silly. . then i hear a new film is being made. i literally am too happy to contribute to this project and can not wait to see it and get giddy all over again. :) this may have come across a lot more stalkerish than i'd planned.....
wow!!! looks like the goal is in the bag... guess i'll have to toss a few more pennies in the pot.. stop in on twitter and say hi @twalt2015
i can't wait to see this movie made.  i hope you get all the money you need to do it your way, and more.
upped my pledge to $30 because, well because it deserves more than that but it's all i can part with for now! :)
i was wondering something, is it going to be possible buy something like t-shirts or dvds or ost besides the pledge itself, as addons for the backers? it would be just great
i admire people like you zach who are willing to work hard for something they really care about. these wise words describe this project quite well: "don't be afraid of the space between your dreams and reality. if you can dream it, you can make it so." - belva davis
i really hope you're planning on using the dog's eye view song "i wish i was here" in the soundtrack!
thank you for allowing us the audience to help. garden state changed my life. thank you.
so glad i can contribute to this project, even in a small way! good luck :)
i backed this project just for your music playlists and your updates. you do great work and i think this process will be just as much fun as the finished product. thank you.
hi zach! how about adding dvds to the reward teirs? i think for my $100 you could squeeze in a dvd of the film upon release? no?
i'm really excited to be a part of this!! thank you zach!! backed from italy ;)
already the updates make me smile, looking forward of all the things to come until september 2014, all the best for it all zach. backed from glasgow (saw your play here last year in february) :)
now if you'll excuse me i shall watch "garden state" for the 6464126469432 time :)
zach, i love you and all of the projects you've been involved in thus far!!!! best $150 i have ever spent, i can't wait for this project to come to life!!!!!!
so excited to back this project i absolutely love garden state and the soundtrack and zach braff and scrubs and everything he does, i can't wait to see what he has in store for the next movie!
i just booked my screening seats in london for me and the wife (2nd from last set left), loved garden state & i've watched it 15 times easy! (just loaded it back on the iphone for #16).  i swore i would not go bed tonight until it hit 23,000 backers "click" that was easy!.... good night and good luck buddy. dave & mora london uk
glad to be involved zach. i'm kinda hoping aidan will turn out to be a vampire doctor.
lets be honest here if you "got" garden state, how could you not back this.. i still can't help but shout "hey! vagina!" when someone i know walks into a bar ;)
zach has helped me through a lot of shit with his character jd on scrubs and his ability to make me laugh in everything he does. couldn't be more happy to pledge $2 and become a backer in wish i was here:)
watch out veronica mars, zach braff comin for you! backed proudly from melbourne, australia <3
backed from france
so i just refreshed the page...we added a casual $12,000 within 30mins. take that financial markets. honesty, passion and support is what gets you there.
as posted below, if you manage to swing a dallas, tx screening, my backing amount would raise.
garden state was one of the first movies my husband and i watched while we were dating.  he lived in nv, i was in nj, that movie mirrored our life at the time, and became increasingly significant for us.  now we're married, just had a son, and looking forward to seeing wish i was here in la :d
garden state is one of my favorites, so i could not refuse the chance to help out! make sure the movie gets some screen time in brazil! good luck, zach!
please add more nyc screening seats!
curious about the "writing on the wall" reward.  would it be possible for a short phrase or something similar to be written instead?
i am incredibly honored to back a project that will surely do wonderful things! i thoroughly look forward to seeing the outcome, and am excited i was able to contribute to be a part of it all! zach you are a truly gifted and awesome person. wish i had the money to afford the chance to meet you without a doubt!! good luck.
good luck man and i hope you cast jim parsons and donald faison
good luck zach, so stoked to back this project and come august hire me as a camera pa!
i just watched garden state once again and it reafirmed my belief that this is even a better way to make films. films made by am for the people that want them. all my support zach, if the movie comes from your heart there is no doubt that it will be amazing!
i don't mean to sound heartless; i want this project to succeed immensely. however, what was goin to be a rather small select few of the elite seeing your premiers, there are now thousands and i think this maybe takes away some off the coolness from it, especially use early backers.  can we put a cap on attendees for these events? also will you be present at each screening?  or will it be broadcast, with your q and a done from abroad?  eg, i'm going to london, will you be there or just via webcam? x
you rock - so glad to be a small part of this project!
so excited to see this project go through! i believe in you!
so close to 2 million! can't wait!!
such a great idea zach! i'm pumped to be a part of this process and i think your pledge rewards are awesome and likely going to take a lot of work on your part. garden state is one of my all time favourite movies and one of the only dvds i've ever actually purchased. i did an english project on garden state years ago when i was in college and got an a+. so i guess i owe you anyways :)
no idea why that posted 4 times :|
also, i hope you continue to ignore any comments on the nastier parts of the internet from people who seem to think you have bill gates money, and are criticizing you for using kickstarter.  they all seem to be written by people who are in pretty bitter moods, and there's nothing productive about listening to any of that. focus on the fact that so far 22,400 of us (and counting!) are so excited to help you realize your artistic vision that we've already-- and with delight-- volunteered our own money to help it happen. frankly, i wouldn't care if you did have bill gates money!  all i care about is that i want to see this movie get made, and i'm excited to have some hand in helping it happen :)  i'm willing to pay for a product i want to enjoy.  so ignore the bitter critics, and focus on the happy backers!
any chance we could get a dallas area showing? we have a new drafthouse opening up and so far there is nothing even slightly close to the southern portions of the us.
any chance we could get a dallas area showing? we have a new drafthouse opening up and so far there is nothing even slightly close to the southern portions of the us.
any chance we could get a dallas area showing? we have a new drafthouse opening up and so far there is nothing even slightly close to the southern portions of the us.
please excuse my ignorance and ignore my last post. i'm obviously losing my mind.
is there any way to adjust my shipping address after i've backed this? i have a us address for these sorts of things, but when i paid it didn't allow me to set this part. good grief!
please have a screening in toronto!!!
garden state is absolutely one of the best movie i've ever saw! your interpretation is touching! please come to italy!!!!! ;]
london calling! saw this on the bbc news and absolutely had to get involved! big garden state fans. it is genius. marc and i met at uni and the soundtrack was the soundtrack for plenty of good times at uni and the start of our relationship. 8 years later we are tying the knot and we have both pledged for the london q&a screenings as wedding presents to each other. best wedding present. ever. looking forward to the updates and seeing the final cut! jo & marc
we believe in you in paris! proud to be part of this project, thank you.
genuinely thrilled to be a part of this! really enjoy your work and your writing, humour, creativity and especially how you create a vividly memorable mood with the music and camera and set and all of it - not just in garden state but also in all new people which i caught in london last year. best of luck and can't wait to see, hear and taste (?) the final product.
hi zach, what a great idea you had and can't wait to come to london for our preview! btw i can help you out with distribution in italy beside supporting the movie with the advertising task. let me know if it'd be something interesting for you! rock on my friend! luca
hi zach and team. please do an australian premiere  then all the money needed for us to get to the la premiere could be pledged. will be easy to fill a premiere plus several screenings/q&as. good luck cant wait.
dearest mr. zachary !!!! such an over-achiever, you are :) i love this. you are truly living life as a lion..(read my profile bio to better understand this concept) i adore garden state. i felt as though the female leads character was a strong depiction of myself! living life with optimism.smiling even when it hurts. always longing for a new way to indulge in self expression. the movie shows an honesty of life..in its purest,most innocent form.and i look forward to seeing the next one. but more importantly, i value the way you've decided to make this dream a reality that belongs solely to you. i cannot express how wonderful that is by its own rights. god gave us the stars in the sky not to change them or pick them apart, but just so we could enjoy them as they are. your creative endeavors are no different.and know i'm not doing this to support you as a person(after all i don't know u.lol). i'm supporting the will, the passion,& all of the love you are creating for yourself and the fans as well. be blessed ;) -jen
if i didn't care to eat or make bill payments for the next 6 months i would have given you everything i have. i've been a fan since scrubs first aired. garden state is in my top five favorite movies of all time. thank you for being you zach!
zach, i just backed your project, now come back mine! no seriously!
you'll have this thing funded within the next 48 hours.  the numbers keep going up as i'm writing this comment.
@julien there are some london seats left at the $100 level.
i want to make your beatbox my ringtone. one of the best kickstarter promos and write-ups ever.
someone already mentioned that you have a fan base in france. a paris or lyon q&a screening would be great.  or... london will be great too...
i'd just like to say that i fully endorse jim parson as a "sexy pool boy" - i'm so happy i had the opportunity to contribute!
sigh, dave barnes.... also, look into some broadway singers: stephanie j. block, skylar astin, alexandra silber, scott alan, cheyenne jackson, lin-manuel miranda, steve kazee, sutton foster, josh strickland, matt bogart, andy karl, kerrigan and lowdermilk, nikki james, aaron tveit (just in les miserables as enjolras). also pentatonix. thank you! :)
i feel like this movie could be terrible and it would still become a cult classic lol.  i still won't regret spending the money to help make this happen.
i am so happy to be a backer on this project for you, zach. i saw garden state when i was in my senior year of high school, it was a very bad time for me, and i ended up sneaking out with a friend to see the movie. it helped me more than you could ever know! we bought the soundtracks and listened to them the rest of the year. on top of that, it led me to watch scrubs, which to this day is still my favorite show. your writing is so emotional and intricate and i can't wait to see the next chapter of your creativity. as an nj local, i love to see people succeed who grew up in the same state. i also cant wait for my weekly playlists! :d best of luck to you!
super funny, thanks for the opportunity to back your project! looks like a grand slam! :)
yea - looking forward to this! soundtrack ideas: the alternate routes, matt wertz, ari hest, ryan bingham and dave banes to name a few. :)
can't wait to see the film.
you have fans in france, please come to lyon or paris for a q&a screening!
garden state was just an amazing film and have been waiting for your next. one of the best things about it was the soundtrack and can't wait to hear this one and your production playlists.
i'm a huge fan of yours zach - really looking forward to the movie!!
happy to contribute! best of luck during the entire process.
i think anyone fan of garden state has been waiting for this film since the first time they finished watching it, i know i have. gs and anp are some of my favourite pieces of writing and performance, so excited to be a tiny part of this and help make it happen.
aloha zach!  i've loved garden state since it first came out, and i've been re-watching it a lot lately. it was a tremendous achievement, and i've been hoping that you would soon feel the need to share your vision with us once again.  very excited and proud to be a part of this project!
suggestion: donald faison voice greeting! i know lots of people who would love that.
garden state was one of the first real honest films i'd seen when i was younger. seriously brilliant, and i listen to the soundtrack nonstop to date. i'm honored to be able to chip in a little so you can make another amazing film. can't wait, good luck!
yeahy! this news made my day. see you hopefully in london!
zach! i just wrapped up my last job yesterday when i heard about your project and perfect timing: i need an internship.  if this isn't some higher power throwing me in the right direction, i don't know what to believe. i could be in la as soon as you needed. i know you're good, i've seen your work. i want to be a part of this project. susie
garden state is honestly my favorite film, it never fails to impress me and really make me feel happy, it is for that reason alone that i have backed this project, i can't wait to see this new vision of yours at the screening in ny. im sure it will be amazing.
garden state is a prominent member of my top 5 movies of all time tag team. i had the wallet out as soon as i heard.
if you guys need any back ground /ambient music for this little ditty... http://bubble9.bandcamp.com/ happy to see all the support!! cant wait to see the finished product!!! : )
garden state helped shape me as a child, i'm happy to give back.
looking forward to seeing the finished product zach!
question: is there a chance we might be able to see the shirt design before the end of the campaign? i might consider increasing my pledge, depending on what it looks like. :)
i think the best part about this is that we get to participate in such a way that we can be just as excited about progress. 1.5 million in such a short time! insanity. :)
hello from belgium. i'm so excited to know more about wish i was here!! wish you the best for this project!
might i recommend reward tiers where you actually give people a copy of the movie. digital, dvd, bluray.... anything.
garden state is one of my favorite movies. i'm proud of finance, even in small ways, this project. saluti dall'italia zach, sei il migliore!
zach, i am so excited to be a part of this - gs is one of my all time favorites and i look forward to your next vision becoming a reality. i wish i had found out about this before all of the la screenings were taken! also, i do hope chocolate bear has a cameo if not a full role in the film :)
delighted to be able to help out, looks like you are well on your way to hitting the goal! if i could donate more i would. but i can help organise the irish premiere, sure it'd be great craic and we can get some of our amazing musicians/songwriters to play the after party!  in all seriousness though, good luck, i hope it all goes well!
i know zach getting a lot of back lash for this but i supporting this project because he want to do movie hat he wants and believe in that. there are some mainstream movie i do like. and also it seems like hollywood is running out of idea . i turn away from mainstream movie along time ago because they all seem the same to me. that why i turn to independent movie more because there is a wide variety independent film.
can't wait for the la preview! excited to pledge $200 and be a small part of such an exciting project! i am thrilled zach that you will have ultimate control of the film, it's content, and it will be a true representation of your creativity with your bro... happy filming!
zach - i am so glad to be able to participate in this and help you in some small way.   i donated $100 and if there is anything i (we) can do in a non-monetary blood/sweat aspect, you should let us know, as well.  you are almost at goal, but more importantly, you have over 20,000 people that would lend a hand to the project as well.  best of luck on this project.  i can't wait until my daughters are old enough to watch gs and wiwh.
i sure could use a tonal extension right about now. thank you for letting me be a part of this. i cannot wait to see it.
in garden state the question, "what do we do?" was posed... the answer, kick start another film! garden state is one of my very favorite movies; i'm excited not only for this next film but to be apart of the process - thank you, zach!
it's addicting to watch the number keep going up....up...up!!   $2m you are around in the corner.  is this the fastest growing kickstarter ever?
i backed this for two reasons: 1 - i think this method of fundraising for filmmaking helps decrease the distance between hollywood films and the people who pay to go see movies. i don't know about you but i find it harder and harder to find films i actually want to see. i think we have this culture of celebrity that is driving how and what films are made and less and less of them are speaking to me, as garden state did. 2 - i'm backing it because in garden state zach did speak to a generation. a generation that i think can feel quite lost. i know i do. i would love to give him another opportunity to speak to us so we might not feel as isolated and alone. and i don't want a rich hollywood exec deciding how the film will play out and who will portray the characters. my two cents....
happy to be apart of this
you go, glen coco!
how about filming a random scene at a stadium so all of your backers could be in the scene?  just kidding. looks like you will hit the mark well ahead of schedule. good job.
garden state has been such big part of my life for the past 7 years that as soon as i found out that zach wanted to make another movie...i had to find a way to contribute....can not wait
i can't begin to tell you the influence that garden state had to this 15 year old really depressed kid. now at 24 i have looked over my adult years and found such a resemblance to the journey that largman had to make and feel almost that my life has mirrored it. now i get the chance to be a part of the next zack braff venture and feel truly honored. as an aspiring writer and devoted fan i have the utmost respect for your work and would like to thank you for this opportunity. i can't give much but i do owe you what i can give.
i wasn't going to donate but then i watched your video and it really resonated with me. filming in its purest form - i'm down.
so so happy to have the opportunity to be a part of this.  much love.
garden state was one of my inspirations for going to film school back in 2005  :-) happy to be a (small) part of this, and looking forward to seeing this film!
ok - pledge done...let's make a movie! i feel like i should be getting coffee for the crew or something.
it's these types of passion projects that make filmmaking truly worth it. i am happy to support this project and am eager to see the outcome. being an assistant editor on hollywood movies, i completely understand how important it is to want complete control of the project and have final cut. i think this film will be amazing and am happy to be apart of it. :)
oh and ps, you knew this in fourth grade, but i'll remind you again.  all the haters are jealous and they wish it was them.  rather than celebrate your accomplishment, they wish they could do what you're doing.  it's not a fault to be so good at something, so tuned into human beings feelings that you can make a film like garden state so great that so many people support you.  it's not your fault that they can't do that and they're jealous and think you're doing anything wrong - you're not.
woo hoo!! 75% of the way there!!! just had to stop what i was doing and watch the ticker turn over from 1499,869 to 1,500,099!!!  so much fun watching this happen.  go, go go zach!!!
just backed the project! first time on kickstarter but knew i had to be a part of this! garden state is one of the best movies and i can't wait to see what else zach can come up with. also supper excited to be able to be a part of the process of making the film.
now that i'm a backer i have some ideas about the movie that i think will alter it more to fit the way i was thinking last monday, while on a road trip down south to see some old roommates from hawaii. i'll be over here when you're ready for the new script... oh, and keep up the good work, you look great out there!
soooo with all of this support zach, don't feel pressured at all. anything short of "the greatest film event since citizen kane" is unacceptable however.
backed from switzerland. my husband erwin says hi to zach and donald. (erwin landau as in charles papert's friend who always came to visit the "scrubs" set ... and who also was the steadicam operator on "vegas baby") ... liebe grüsse aus basel, sonja m. jud landau
backed from germany. you are one of the best. and it makes me happy to have the chance to be part of this project.
just adding my voice to those who say don't let the negative ones bring you down! we are all so excited for this film and excited to be a part of bringing it to life! and i can't wait to hear the soundtrack. your taste when it comes to music is basically the best ever.
garden state is one of my all time favourite films. like...ever. i have to agree with everyone that it was totally a life changer. so excited to be a part of this!
garden state was a work of art!  proud to help you with your next masterpiece! eagle!!!
i loved garden state. i know this is going to be even better. i'll see you at the nyc screening!
this is so rad! garden state was a life changer, man. i can't wait to see your next vision come to life. so glad you're seeing how much we all believe in you. congratulations the brothers braff!
i love the idea of being true to your vision in a world of compromises. too bad an autographed 8x10 isn't a stretch goal!
dude this amazing! you and scrubs have helped keep a smile on my face with my severe anxiety disorder. this is unbelievably cool, thank you so much for letting me be apart of it. i wish i could give you more money but i am a poor film student :)
okay chris hardwick made me become a backer of this! yay nerdist. also the project seems cool. (would be awesome if hardwick is in it, even just for a few seconds)
as a poor student i managed to donate $10 as a fan of both scrubs and garden state. i hope to see this movie in the way you have envisioned it.
hey zach, i hope you'll employ some other nice person to sort out all the pledge/reward aspect of the project. as much as i'd like the idea that you will personally be taking down my info for tshirt size and art work, i think you should focus on the film to make sure it's just as great as garden state. my wife and i donated $60, mainly because we want to see your next film, and really happy to help make this happen. ps - really enjoyed seeing you on the stage of the king's theatre in glasgow last year.
i love that zach is wearing blue and donald is wearing green. scrubs 4 life! i am excited for you to make your movie in the way you envisioned it zach! and please ensure jim tans and does push ups :p
backed the project and then read all the text. excited :)
we are getting there! i am so happy i am able to be a backer of this project!!
i've just backed the project & i'm super excited! can't wait for the screening in london! i'm a fan of all your work but i'm soley backing this project because of you cameo in arrested development! never nudes need to stick together! good luck & lets get making our film!
this is amazing! i feel proud of beeing a backer!
this will be such a wonderful and meaningful film. i wish you the best and look forward to it. chicago screening will be epic!!!!
zach, don't let all those negative people bring you down. what you're doing here is incredible, and the 20,044 people, at the time that i write this, all fully believe in you, and fully back you 150%. we believe in you, and in the film, and that is all that matters. don't let any of the naysayers wear you down. we're here for you, we believe in you, now go forth and create what is bound to be one of the best films of next year. :)
thank you zach! you have brought so much joy and laughter to my life through your various projects (scrubs, garden state, cameos on coguar town etc.) and i would support any project you bring to the table! here's to a scrubs movie at some point! but, until then keep the projects coming!
yes.  best $40 i ever spent.  so excited for this project and the greatness that will come of it.  doesn't seem like we're going to have any trouble hitting the mark, and that, my friend, is the power of the intrawebs.  looking forward to your next update, and many more to come!
video convinced me to pledge. good luck with the film!
good luck!!! also please do a screening in toronto!!! you know tiff is there. i would donante more for a screening in toronto!!!
donald faison saying "i will kill them!" in that video is worth $2 alone.
we are with you! ;) good luck and good work!
good luck, zach! i hope it'll be a very good film!
i've already been fundraising for you.  friends, including me, have already given $250 so far. if i hit a certain amount, maybe you can send me an honorary voice memo. ;)  regardless, of the rewards, i'm still rooting for you! but it's obvious you're gonna get there! see you in la. - atlanta, ga
please do a screening in toronto! (it's a bit of a drive for me to for what it's worth!)
give zack all the monies!!!!!
i absolutely adored garden state! i've been waiting for zach braff to come out with a new film for so long and i'm so happy to back this project! very impressed by how quickly you guys will reach your goal. can't wait to see this film!
backed from berlin, germany. wish you all the best for that great project!! :-)
garden state genuinely changed my life. see you in london.
from sweden with love! ;)
if this is the only way to keep investors out of the creative process of the film, i'm all for it.
how could anyone resist backing a project that has donald faison in the pitch video!   congrats on an amazing first day!    any chance of a vancouver screening?
as your (and scrubs) fan, i couldn't back this project!
have backed the project from here in england both me and my boyfriend have opted for $100 dollar pledge to see the film in chicago, a city i have always wanted to go to and i can't think of a better reason to finally get there :) garden state stands up there as one of my favorite films of all time along with et, into the wild, harvey and almost famous - i am so incredibly excited to be even a teeny tiny part of this :)
have a screening in portland, or! you could do it in one of mcmenamins theatre pubs. that way we can drink beer and have a snack while watching the movie... http://www.mcmenamins.com/theaters
boston screening please! (or at least get a bigger theater for nyc!)
backed from france !
have just caught a little negative backlash on twitter - just wanted to say, as a raving jealous-competitive-type personality, i hope you're not feeling too disheartened by the creative types getting ruffled by celebrity attention on the site - i can only agree with you, that your work here has already brought thousands of brand new backers to a channel that all will ultimately benefit from. not like me to say this, but there's enough love here for everyone. the kindest words, not the bitterest, will draw us out beyond your project. take care, have a fab second day.
ever since watching scrubs from when i was a teen and then when i met zach very briefly after, his play 'all new people" and watching 'garden state' it is nice to see he is creative isn't being hindered. as a photographer i end up with art directors sometimes doing the same thing to me but there we go. good luck zach can't wait to see it. backed =)
but what will the shirt look like???
can't wait to see this! so close to the goal already, so many zach braff fans. good luck!
can't wait to hear the soundtrack!  loved garden state.  perhaps  some of the brooklyn cuties i happen to play "tour mom" to now and then will be included?  @allisonweiss @bessrogers @alliemoss @fieldmousemusic @leliabroussard @hannahkwink @ianaxel @jennyowenyoungs @rachelplatten @pentimento to name a few....and mixed/mastered/produced by the amazing @dan_romer and @chriskuffner whoot!
i followed zach's link here from fb.  my hubby and i loved scrubs and manged to see all new people in glasgow.  i can't quite put my finger on why zach's stuff has touched a chord but we are regularly moved from tears to belly aching laughter.  maybe its just that his characters are so easy to empathise with.  this is the first time i have heard of this type of funding never mind participated.  i love the community feel and the fact that something like this is possible though a virtual whip round.  i am hoping for more of the same from zach.  now i'm in the mood, where did i put that garden state dvd ....
just backed. i trust in you, zach ;)
you have given me so much joy through your talent as an actor and director ... it is lovely to have the chance to give something back to you. :-)
no screening in paris!! too bad, you're quite popular over here!! let's watch it online then!! anyway can't wait to see what you've got this time for us!
great idea! good luck from scotland!
screening in atlanta!!!!!   (?)   please pretty please   _/|\_   (?)
what a great way to not only receive financial support, but to market the film as well.  we're all pumped!
i met you many years ago after a screening of garden state in atlanta.  your film really touched me as i'd just quit my job, and was heading off to graduate school (and was terrified that i'd made a huge mistake).  i am excited to see the next phase!   best of luck!
after garden state and all new people, i have just one thing to say: shut up and take my money!
i'd back it just to get a hold of the soundtrack alone. you've introduced me to so much great music by great artists, and managed to do so through an amazing film like garden state. all the best with wish i was here.
wow, i was in the first backers... it's fantastic !  come to france ! paris will be honored to see your new movie !!!!
i'm so glad to contribute to your new film. i'm a big fan and i hope you'll continue to do great things.  greetings from italy.  we love you zach!
my wife and i are both teachers in florida, a state near the bottom in terms of paying teachers, and we've got a 5 year old with all of the costs inherent there, but garden state meant a lot to both of us and the soundtrack saved us the cost of hiring a dj or a band for our wedding reception, so the least we could do is contribute to making wish i was here a success - can't wait!
hy! do you know how long in advance the screening in london will be announced? as i travel from austria and my work is quite busy i would need at least a preparation time of 2 months :-\ btw:  brilliant idea to finance the film via kick starter, i love the idea to contribute to your work :-)
i just increased my pledge so i can have 2 tickets to a london screening. double dollar from me sir!
my initial reaction was "he could pay for this himself, why do kickstart?"  after processing it some more i realized that sometimes great art needs a great collaboration.  i wanted to be part of it.  best of luck...i hope this works out well for you!
can you come to philly?!?!!??!?!??! you have a huge fan base here!
@anna ganglberger: i don't know if you read this and i know it's still a lot of time (way too much time until the movie comes out) but we could meet up, as i will be going to london from vienna.  sadly none of my friends want to, but i'll be sharing this project with all the people i know.
garden state is one of my favourite movies, and it looks like wish i was here is going to be another one. i probably would have supported you anyway, but i want you to know that the idea for the movie really won me over. all the best!
finally signed up for a kickstarter account, just to fund this project.  let's do this!
was just thinking the other day when i checked out your imdb page zach and i wanted to see more projects on there. you can imagine how happy your news made me. going to follow this project eagerly! best of luck to you and make us another movie we can love!
vai zack sei un grandeeeee!!!!!!!
you sir made me cry, here is my money. good luck and keep the amazing job.
"you never told me you had absinth!" best line haha....have to admit, this was the first project i backed within watching the first 30 seconds of the video! looks like the project will be successful, and it will be good! :) good luck zach!
greetings from scotland! worth it for the email updates alone, lovely to receive greetings from zach, can pretend we're friends! take no notice of any churlish remarks, this is a brilliant idea and your fans totally support you!! think you will get your total in record time, thanks for letting us join in!
i'm so excited about this. can't wait to see the final movie...
i'm in! this is exciting. good luck from stamford, england xxx
it would mean a lot if you could have a screening in cardiff. i know an awful lot of people who would be delighted if you could come to wales, since we don't get many opportunities like this, as all the attention goes to london in england. we aren't far away zach! would be much appreciated, thank you :)
we believe in you zach, do us proud
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
i have a question about the weekly playlists... how will they be shared ?
shouldn't be much longer till it hits its goal. at this rate you'll be able to afford more explosions than a michael bay movie.
all the best zach, hope this helps
on board! best of luck zach. friendly hugs from bournemouth uk
i'm in! good luck zach! a little reward to thank you for the best tv series of all time!
proud to say i'm in. whether it's coffee, lightbulbs, an awesome hat for someone, i don't care what my pledge brings to your production, i am honoured and privileged to be a part of it all the same.
thank you zach :)
i love that donald is wearing a green shirt and zach a blue in the video. can't wait for this movie to happen!
good luck from london
i'm in
i'm in. hope everything works with the funding. greetings from germany
oh the interweb is full of numpties. why would you get upset about a project doing well?!!
have found you to be one of the most amazing actors that has made such an impact on my life through scrubs and garden state . . . i'm so glad i can give something back to you through this project. best of luck from yorkshire england!!!!!
i can understand the "we don't want to scare off distributors", but how about something like "you'll get a digital drm free download 1yr after the cinema release"? to be honest, i don't care much about t-shirts and such things. i back this movie because i want this movie to happen. but i also want to see it ;-)
you should really do a vod option.
loved garden state. i'm in! best of luck from brisbane australia.
good luck zach.
can you please have donald faison in the movie! wouldn't hurt to have a mini scrubs reunion as well :)
kisses from france too! :)
i'm really looking forward to seeing how far the $ counter will climb. greetings from france.
hey man if it's in the cards a visit to lonely old perth, australia would be amazing :)
pleeeeeeease come to australia!!  i don't mind which city!
20$ for you and your brilliant sense of humour. really looking forward to this movie! greetings from vienna (still bummed i didn't see you, when you were in town)
well, i just wanted to say: shut up and take my money!!!!!
i pledged 10 dollars. garden state is a brilliant movie and i am really happy to be part of this. greetings from germany!  :-)
and btw. i don't know how often i purchased the garden state dvd because i thought one of my sneeky friends hasn't given it back. point is, i now have two of them and still, i'm not willing to give them to someone again. this was and still is a movie i will hold in my heart forever. it made me laugh, cry and think - the best combination a movie can have. i will always be the one pushing everyone else to see this movie and it hasn't disappointed even one person i know. i am so looking forward to wish i was here and i'm proud to be able to help you with your dream. wishing you all the best!
just the thought of this, makes my heart extremely happy. x
the moment jim parsons turned up in your opening video, i was sold. *please* bring him (and donald!) to the london q&a!
i'm going to london with a plus one (yet to be decided who should be the lucky soul) and i think that is soo awesome (even though i have to travel from austria) but i'd still love to get a signed little something. that would make this experience just the last bit perfect.
a lot of comments from sydney australia. i think that calls for a premiere
not only best soundtrack of all time, but garden state is a truly inspiring film that will always be in my heart. it helped me through some tough years where i was pretty lost too. and then you give me great memories of sitting around the tv with best mates laughing for hours and hours worth of scrubs. i am more than happy to back the project. i need more zach braff in my life. just as all of your other fans obviously do too! cant wait to see this dream come to life. good luck vanilla bear!
i'm so excited about that! i sincerly hope you will reach the goal (it seems it's gonna be ok :) ). crowd funding is maybe the actual best way to get movies or videogames or whatever with less corporate interests cuting the soul of the project so... it's gonna be so cool :d best wishes from france. ps : garden state est un film parfait.
i can't begin to fathom my life without garden state or the music and artists that have found a way to fit into every part of my life!  i can't decide what i'm more excited about: the end project, or being along for the ride!
hey zach, i don't like many movies. guess i'm not a movie kind of guy. however garden state is one of my favorite movies and i want to see another movie from you, actually i want to see more movies from you. i also appreciate the way you approach this and the fact you are keeping it honest! all the best!!
so much thanks for letting us all be a part if making this dream of yours happen!
hi zach, lauren from sydney australia. i just pledged you $100. i figure i owe you personally at least this much for hours of funnies from scrubs.. thanks for the laughs.
i made post on 9gag about movie. i want to see it on top page so everyone could see it. help me please.  http://9gag.com/gag/a2ze85w/
hey i am a big fan of people that go to the fans and the community to make there movie! i am a big fan and i'm really rooting for you!
love that you are doing your movie your way. thanks for letting us be a part of your process and part of something special!!
thank you for allowing me to be a part of this. garden state has meant so much to me for the last 9 years of my life. i was 18 when i first saw it and it somehow prepared me for my 20's. shits deep, son! so happy to see so much support for you and your dream'
you had me at "soft as a kitten's taint".  see you at the advance film screening in la.
garden state is one of my all time favorite movies; i listened to the soundtrack for three months straight. huge fan of yours and so excited to be a part of this new project! best of luck with it! (i selected the screening for two in la but would love it if you want to head a little further south and come see us in san diego!)
so happy to be part of this !!! =)
i'm stoked i'm able to be a part of this production. i know you'll knock it out of the park zach!!
garden state was incredibly beautiful; its themes will resonate within me for a long long time. thank you so much for having the courage to make another film and allowing the public to be a part of it. you are already brilliant for writing a poignant and painfully truthful script, and then you act and direct as well-- simply genius. i cannot wait for your next film, and i'm honored that i could support you.
i'm super excited for your new movie!  i'm a huge fan of everything you've done. :-) please add a showing in dc!!
could auditioning for the movie possibly be a reward?
i'm very excited for this! garden state is one of my favorite movies and the soundtrack is phenomenal. please set up an advanced screening in washington d.c.! it' would be much appreciated and i'd pledge more just to bring a friend!
hope my small donation gets you a long way man. i'm a big fan of your work and dedication. i'm sure it will be outstanding. thank you for letting us be a part of this.
good luck zach, so awesome to be apart of something which i know will mean so much to so many.
you can fund many project with the support of your fans, this is a very easy goal. can't wait to see this film, glad i could help, even if its in a small way. go zach!!
i want to see this movie! get it made! 29 days to go and i'm sure you'll make it. you better, i want that t-shirt.
so i chose the la film screening and q&a for two, but think you should add dallas to your city list!  get a southern state in the mix.  plus it'ld be closer and easier for me to attend. ;)  can't wait to see this next artistic creation from you!
garden state guided me through my 20's and now that i'm 3 weeks into being 30, im ready for more wisdom from your art!  cannot wait for the movie, the music--so happy to be apart of it :)
from one fellow (though aspiring) filmmaker to another, congrats! i know how exciting this is for you, and i'm happy you get to experience this amazing feeling! i'm honored to help you accomplish your goal, even if my pledge is but a very small piece. i know you'll do great things with this; you have my support from the "garden state" itself! ;) take care, -will, greykit media
backed! great to see the support rallying behind this! immensely looking forward to it as garden state is one of my favourite movies of all time. wish i could contribute more! <3
i can't believe i have been listening to the garden state soundtrack for almost 10 years! i was just listening to it this past weekend. i hope i'm listening to wish i was here soundtrack in 2024.
you have so many great fans that trust your talent!!! i know you'll be able to raise the money needed!
zach! it's 12:05 in washington dc, let me buy you lunch tomorrow! long shot, i know, but still. enjoy our nation's capitol!
zach! it's 12:05 in washington dc, let me buy you lunch tomorrow! long shot, i know, but still. enjoy our nation's capitol!
not sure if an answer has been on, but will the three computer screenings be performed with the notion of different time zones in mind?
open up a few more of the movie premier guest options!  :) just think of all the karma that picture would bring me on reddit!
garden state is the kind of movie i watch 3-4 times a year, whenever i need to cheer up. i trust you zach! and ofcourse i'll contribute to "wish i was here". love from norway <3
zach, last night when i became a backer the amount your movie had received was only about 100 grand and i was thinking it wasn't going to happen but i looked today and am happy see that we are going to reach the goal you require.  thank you for giving us 'little people' an opportunity to be a part of something that we all hope will be big.  just remember us please when you are a bigger star and producer than you already are.
zach, are you able to come to canada for a premiere? we'd love to have you =)
really excited to back this movie! i love love loved garden state and the soundtrack! can't wait to see the end result!
garden state had a profound impact on me. it is hands down my favorite film. your other movies and theater projects have been very good too. i'm excited to be a part of this. thank you!
garden state was phenomenal! you have my support man! keep up the good work :d
i'm a big fan and i truly believe in your passion to create something true, real, and from the heart. you can do it! we all believe in you!
so excited to be able to be a part of something amazing. garden state has helped me navigate my 20s (and get into grad school- close reading of garden state!). i can't wait to see what this is going to become and write the first scholarly paper about why it is so awesome! thank you for being so smart about your choices and i applaud you taking this risk and letting us help you make something amazing!
i can't believe there wasn't an option that included donald some how. how about if we hit the goal donald attends the screenings with you and you two sing baby it's called outside before the screening?
you have my support b) -best of luck!! ps: hooch is crazy !
garden state is my top 5 of favorite movies, i was just watching it yesterday and to stumble across this  today, there was no way i could pass this up. i'm glad to hear about the soundtrack, that made the movie that much better and i can't wait to see what you do for this one. i wish i had more money to put into this!
garden state changed my life. excited to see your next project. thanks for letting me be a part if it!
i loved garden state. i grew up in basking ridge new jersey and that movie really captures what its like to be in nj with the same friends as always trying to figure out life when you don't do it like everyone else. zach the team you work with is genius, and you are an amazing talent. im excited for your next movie. good luck!
so excited to be a part of this and just the fact that i got four!! emails from zach braff makes it totally worth the money.  garden state was awesome, the music was awesome, scrubs was awesome, you sir are awesome, yea its all pretty awesome.  thanks for taking me (us) along for the ride.  p.s., if you decide to have a premiere in the atl, i'll definitely bump up my pledge for that!
your enthusiasm comes through in your updates thanks for giving this virginia girl the opportunity to support your movie! best of luck to you; i can't wait to see the finished product. it is amazing how close you are to the goal! congratulations. =]
i am eternally grateful to you for garden state. i was a graduating senior in high school when i saw garden state, and it changed my life perspective. furthermore, as everyone has said, the soundtrack was just as magical as the film. i'm so happy to be apart of your next project! keep strong, and don't let go of your voice and vision. us fans will always support it!
ok zach, let's get over the fence together!!!
i am so excited about this!
i too, believe in you. can not wait to see this movie. garden state is one of my favorites (the album too)! good luck!
great idea and i couldn't be prouder to be a supporter of such a meaningful project.  next up...kickstart a blu-ray release for garden state please!
i believe in you zach braff.
well that does it!!! first, veronica mars... now this... if you "independents" keep this up... i'm gonna be broke before the first movie hits the theaters!!! :) love you work, proud to be a part of this. george peter gatsis
best of luck good sir.  if, when the time comes, you need a solid 2nd ad to keep things happy and organized, look up this guy!
thanks for the opportunity to support your project!  loved garden state!  the scene where you and np bury her hamster is just so wonderful and perfect, especially when you make an inappropriate joke about how her hamster died and she shoots back, "that's not funny."  good luck with this project and i am looking forward to when it comes out.
this is amazing! once i saw your video, i knew i had to pledge! you are my favorite artist and i really respect your desire for independence and creative freedom! can't wait to watch it!!! eagle forever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
heard you on kroq this morning and went straight to the website. your video reinforced  my decision to be a 1 st time backer
backed, but i still think you should offer backers a digital download version available a few days after the theatre release, like veronica mars did.
i legitimately squealed today when i heard about this. i can't express my excitement for this project! i hope to be pledging even more money by may 24. eaaaggllleeee
really hope you make it zach! eagle!
can't wait. i miss scrubs so much it hurts sometimes.
write, direct, and act. zach is the orson welles of our generation. loved garden state. soundtrack was just as important as the script and actors. not enough films "get" that. turned me on to the shins, so i can't wait to get in on the sounds of the new flick! happy to back. just wish there was an option to be a crew member. i can't think of a better way to spend all my  vacation than getting coffee for mr. braff and mr. bieber! would have pledged more if you had denzel.
zach, really looking forward to this project. the funding goal is going to happen, now it's all up to you and your team. can't wait.
i have enjoyed your work for years and i am so happy to be a part of your next project. it is amazing to see thousands of people who believe in you as well. can't wait to see the final project and wish you the best.
i'm ecstatic for this project!  garden state was an incredibly moving movie to me, and scrubs is one of my all time favorite shows.  hopefully we can bust through that target so we can see the fully realized version of the movie!
i'm happy to be part of a project from a filmmaker/actor that i really believe in.  i have full faith that you will deliver a great film and can't wait to see the final product.  it's a sad fact of the industry that funding often means giving over creative control.  i for one want to see not the movie that hollywood wants me to see, but the movie that the screenwriter, director, etc. want me to see.  any chance of a screening in cedar city, ut?  we're a small town and don't exactly get big events like that here very often and it would be great for that to finally happen and for that event to be a film by zach braff himself.
i need 3 tickets and i tried purchasing 1 single single la viewing and one two-person viewing in la, but they cancel one for the other. help!!!! i also need one voicemail greets g but am scared this is going to cancel my trip for two!! my two college sons are beyond excited for this trip, so please help me get 3 tickets!!
ps. stupid auto-correct. haha.
we have missed you. glad up be a contributor for the ever talented zach braff and so excited to see this unfold. keep it coming! i suggest a new stretch goal... if $10m is raised, appletinis for everyone!
garden state was awesome. i'm pretty excited about this. also, was it a coincidence that you wore a blue shirt and donald faison wore a green one in the promo? because that made me double check the t-shirts to make sure they weren't scrubs.
much love zach can't wait to see this (even though i'll have to wait longer being from australia lol)
there are few things that have inspired me the way garden state has, and i can't believe i get to be a part of your next chapter! i'm so excited!!
i am pledging in honor of one of y best friends who recently committed suicide. we shared a very big bond over watching the garden state, scrubs, and pretty much all of zach's work. i know he would have wanted this movie to be made. this ones for you, rip.
blown away and so excited that this is doing so well. i wish my part-time night job/student living allowed me to give you more, but i'm stoked to help regardless. come to boston. we could use some laughs and good people. also, a+ on the video.
question: are the $100 screening packages for two people (pledger + 1) or just one?
yah, toronto party!!!   we love you zach!!!!
got your "first backers" email.  i'm excited too and i already know i will not regret this.  i am so happy to just be a part of something with artistic integrity for a change.  i am looking forward to hearing every single thing that goes on, except maybe the day you guys run out of toilet paper on set.  even that, if you wrote it and then delivered that line, would be entertaining.  i had to support your film.  that and i have a very special reason for purchasing the backer option that i did.  i have a friend who is a disabled veteran and we had a horrible falling out and he won't ispeak to me anymore.  i miss him so much and i love him.  we both have ptsd.  mine is what caused our falling out.  i'm going to ask you to record my "please let me back into your life" message for my fifteen seconds.  because i can't talk to him i have joined every single combat vets support group because i have to do something with these feelings.  he loved garden state.  i loved garden state (my life was adversely affected by an event that happened when i was really young too - that adversely affected someone else's life).  that film spoke to me on so many levels, that i screamed your name during sex for three months afterwards.  lol.  just kidding about that part.  so happy to be a part of the backers club!
love this!! i am soooo excited! garden state was, no kidding, life changing for me! thank you!! you should also check out a boy and his kite if you are looking for more music...i think you would like it!
i finally got home and watched the video, and it made me so happy i doubled my pledge. let's do it!
garden state was a huge movie for my wife and me. it meant so much when we first saw it and it still means so much to us to this day. it truly changed our lives. we are so very proud to be backers of this new project! "this is it..."
i’m really excited for this, and the video made me miss scrubs! i loved garden state, and i’m sure that when this movie comes out (i’m sure it will!!!) that i’ll love it too. so even though i’m a college student in my 20s, who doesn’t have regular income, i’m still donating because i have hope for this project. yay!
i'm broke, and still donated! garden state, the story and the music, amazes me every time.  and as someone going from my 20's to my 30's, i can't wait for the next one!! any interest in coming to a wedding in new mexico next year?!! say yes!
would love you to come to australia! couldn't pledge much but what an unemployed 17 year old can. hope it helps. not sure if you'd let hugh jackman come though. cheers.
so so happy your making another film i loved garden state, made my day, lol its hypnotic just watching all the people adding to the numbers every second tics bye  just quick question how big are the prints going to be please?
add a screening in tx?  my dad won't let me travel to far...looking forward to seeing into your brain again regardless...
zach, how about doing a movie premiere and after party for 2 in chicago! i would definitely up my pledge for that!! come on! doesn't your movie deserve 3 premieres!! i think so!!
so utterly excited to be a part of this amazing project. i love you zb  and everything you have been involved in and have created.  of course this was a no brainer for me.  can't wait for the updates and the music that will come out of this. xoxo
oh, mr. braff. my husband and i first fell in love with the garden state soundtrack then we saw the movie. they both changed our lives. now i get to surprise my love with the screening in our old home town! sir, you are a genius and can't wait to meet you! ♥
i'll see you guys in nyc! feel free to add me on facebook fellow nyc screening peeps! https://www.facebook.com/alicatky
just increased my pledge to 2 tickets - see you in london! best of luck.
i just finished watching garden state.. one of the best movies! how could i not donate!  good luck, can't wait!
i wont even get to watch this (as it is obviously going to be made, proven by the steady ticking of $ in the pledge box) being deployed over here in afghanistan for the next 14+ months, but i still contributed to the cause, as the braff never disappoints, even if i only get to watch it years from now. shit, i would have even funded that intro video he made, mans' a genius.
omfg i'm so pumped
hey zach ! even from france, you have got our support ! fingers crossed !!!!
in gondry's "be kind rewind", mia farrow raises her glass to movies "with heart, and soul". here's to "wish i was here", can't wait to follow the production and see the film! from paris, nabil
agree with anne. want a garden state signed poster. not that you aren't signing enough already...lol.
i remember when garden state came out going to the website and reading your updates for a few months afterwards. you kept insisting you read *every* comment back then too. just the soundtrack will be worth it :)
hey i already backed you--but i will pay more if i can get a signed garden state movie poster....is this possible?? $100 ???
can't wait for the movie! greetings from berlin, germany!
backed it and shared on facebook. zach braff is the man! if this movie is half as good as garden state, it'll be in my top ten in no time.
zach, i'm at student in toronto and i backed you this morning! been buzzing about this project all day to my friends and classmates, we'd all love for you to come to toronto with the film! tiff is a huge deal and canadians love you! well, i do at least. i can be your canada. i have limited funds, but there's nothing i'd rather give money to than your project :) so much love ! cannot wait for updates on the film and to finally see it :) --kendra
fellow backers! i have already pledged $100 to the film and am so excited about it, but i am also trying to raise $2,500 to be an extra on the set. please send this link to anyone you think would be interested in helping someone who loves the film industry and zach braff's work. i would love your help. thanks so much for even $5 you could give! http://www.gofundme.com/2p6sco sloane
the fact that so much money has been raised so quickly is testament to how much we all loved garden state! good luck making another amazing movie, zach! $60 well spent!
yay! so excited for this! we have just backed you! www.marywalkerproductions.com
do toronto and atlanta: the south needs representation, it will be summer, an air conditioned theater is just what they will go in droves to and spread word of mouth to all their buddies who didn't go - it's marketing basically.  toronto because it's a huge art town, and it will give you rep with tiff - the counterpoint to, and as good as, sundance.  i would only schedule other european advanced screenings if you feel like you won't get international distribution - they would help show support. otherwise, if you feel international distro is a lock, give them mental hugs and face licks, but don't do more advanced screenings - you'll only stretch yourself thin unneededly. i'm being an armchair producer, i know. sorry.  apologizing for something randomly, bringing out my cultural jewishness; that's also very producer-like. sorry again.
i just had to have the kitten taint softness, so i upped my pledge.  this is just awesome zach!
wow how supportive is everyone. all the best with this zach. hope the movie goes ahead and hope to see you in plenty more movies. come on money people, get your ***t together and give him the cash and let him do what he wants.
i donated less than an hour ago and its gone up over 130 grand.... time to celebrate with an "appletini" extra tini ..
hi zach, i'm an actor from sydney australia and i'm very excited to support your project. it is clear that you are incredibly passionate about your film - how could i not throw some money your way?! enjoy the weeks and months of this project knowing that there are people all around the world supporting you. jill
kickstarters unite !  good luck zach !  http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/archor/real-life-pizza-driver
please have a screening in melbourne, australia! would love the opportunity to also ask to mount you and yell out 'eaagle'
good luck!!! i am very excited.
i bet anything the total will be over 2 million by the time i wake up!
amazing and the counter keeps on moving
i echo sarah thurowgood's comment, what better way to start anzac day, after the dawn service than to find on twitter that one of my favourite blokes in the world zach braff, telling me he needs a couple of bucks for a project. he had me at hello! i love the video intro, but i saw that after i pledged, i didn't need to know why or how, i just want to see your movie as you intended it!
i am so excited to throw any positive vibes toward anything you do! i think you are creative and brilliant and it has been proven over and over again by anything you have had your hand in whether it be acting, directing, writing-whatever!!
i'm so happy to support you zach!
lying in bed for our anzac day public holiday here in australia and a post on facebook about this made me jump up out of bed and pledge some money! i love that you have leveraged your creativity from this awesome platform and will keep your integrity with all of us kicking in a few bucks! super thrilled to play a part, thank you for the invitation. all you had to do was ask!
this is awesome! i can't wait to see this! super stoked about it! we just pledged for the screening in la! i wish you had one in las vegas though :o! would that be possible still??
a total no-brainer. sending some swedish crowns your way, mate.
now i can tell all my friends i'm helping zach braff with his next movie!!  i'm looking forward to the production updates and of course the finished product.  keep the indie spirit alive!
i hope this film takes off like an eeaaagle (if its anything as good as garden state it will have no problems) - just pledged from the uk. very excited to have contributed to this project. good luck, much love mish
i went to bed at 400k and woke up to it over 1mil. i'm so excited! *^_^*
braff, faison and parsons?! sold
holy crap this is really going to happen!!!!!!  already at $1,107,000 and there is still 29 days to go.  so happy for you zach!
if this written as well as all new people then i am super excited!
so, saw "blue like jazz" a nice little film funded through kickstarter or something similar. first time i realized how it was funded was when i saw a huge list of teensy names of all the funders in the end credits. any chance we all get our name in teensy letters at the end of your/"our" film, in similar fashion, even if it's just on the dvd version? miniature acknowledgement or not, happy to sponsor you. my first kickstarter investment ever. you won me with the goofy video and a thorough answering  of  all possible questions, i.e., why does celebrity man need our mula? feels great to be a small part of what i know is going to be a really fun movie.
i wish  could say i have seen anything other than scrubs that you have acted in. but i am a big fan. being homeless for the last 5 years up til recently, movies weren't a priority. so i have much catching up to do. i am happy to be a part of what you are doing. and wish i could do more. i am watching the little counter praying that it doesn't stop moving.. god bless and best of luck . tim smith (twitter)
seeing this project succeeding so fast and being a backer gives me so many positive feels!  excited to be a part of it and super excited that you are able to do this film the way you envision!
been a huge fan for a long time and garden state is one of my favourite films. met you briefly after all new people in london but i was too overwhelmed to say anything! hopefully i'll have the courage to ask you a question in the q&a, something along the lines of... 'man date?'  wish you the best of luck with the project and i hope you achieve your vision.  many thanks for the work you have already given us. kind regards, rory
i'm so excited for you and can't wait to see it!  hope you'll consider stopping in the dc area for a screening!
using some scottish pounds to support your movie your work is inspiring :-)
i'm so glad that you are making something as awesome as this. i've been waiting a long time for your newest project and now we're all able to be apart of it? that is truly something a fan such as myself could enjoy. i have loved everything you've been a part of so far and cannot wait for this one. i feel that you are truly one of the greatest directors of his generation. i'm just glad to have an opportunity such as this to be able to help you create something wonderful.
oh yea, stop on by atlanta.
would love to see austin texas added to the list! happy to be a part of the process!! i feel like a movie producer! lol
you had me at scrubs, you had me at garden state and you're gonna have me at wish i was here. $100 for la advanced screening.
all you ever needed to do was ask.
any chance of a screening in columbus, ohio? either way, i'm glad to have an opportunity to help you fund this project! i loved you in scrubs, and garden state was amazing so i'm sure this will be as well.
wow!! over a million dollars in just a few hrs!!!
just donated and i can't wait to see the movie! looking forward to all the reward goodies too! good luck with everything!
shut up and take my money!!!!
cant wait to see you at the ny premier! if this movie is half a good as garden state i will be the happiest person around. best of luck!
so happy to be part of this!!! i hope to have the possibility to contribute more! :)
having no creative talent myself, i'm so excited to be a part of this film. i love the idea of being part of a film created just as the filmaker wants it, not a repeat of the same story the hollywood pumps out constantly. the story sounds great and i can't wait to see the finished product. well done zach.
just donated!  excited for this project, looking forward to the production diaries!  you should include trailers eventually in there as well.
proud to be a part of this! can't wait for my kitten taint tee.
would love it if you had a screening in dallas.  i most signed up for $175 for the cast autographed poster, but would really enjoy being able to attend an advanced screening. thanks zb!!!
garden state is on max right now! i will forever be a braff fan.
kickstarter is close to my heart, since my brother funded his album this way. some of his music might work with your movie. please check him out. his name is pip and his album is no formalities. pipmusic.com i'm glad i get to be a small part of your project:)
excited to be even just a tiny part of this. best of luck, cant wait to see the finished project, hope you have a lot of fun making it :)
awesome !! eh? toronto loves you why not do a canada party???
how about a film screening in boston?
i am so incredibly proud to be a part of this kickstarter.  you are obviously an incredibly talented actor but well beyond that you are a gifted visionary. i am proud to support people that truly think outside of the box and search for new ways to express themselves.  best of luck to you.  i can't wait to see what you create with this new-found freedom.  and i can't wait to see how this revolutionizes movie making.
amazing.... a million dollars in 12 hours (and rising exponentially!). you have a lot of fans who believe in you, i am proud to consider myself one of them.
like all of your backers and fans have said, i am extremely excited about your project! i am ecstatic to be a backer and help this get off the ground!! can't wait to watch the movie in los angeles and to ask you lots of crazy questions.
scrubs was easily a few years of my life, also from new jersey and really loved garden state. supporting this with couple of hundred was the least i could do. thanks zach, looking forward to the updates!
zach, come to philly! i'd be happy to put you up at my house!
hey zach! could you create a package for the signed poster and the writing on the wall? i'd really love that. cheers and good luck!
please have a thank you screening in new orleans. they have fresca in new orleans.
i'm in, french loved you zach !!!!!!!!!!!
loved scrubs, watched the entire run. really enjoyed garden state. as an independent filmmaker myself, the pending success of this campaign is inspiring. of course i'm backing your project. can't wait to see the end result.
woohoo, getting me a signed poster. now can i go back and do it again to get the garden state signed dvd too?
looks like you guys can start the creation of this masterpiece :d best wishes from denmark !
i'm in!!!!  i wish that there was a screening in houston or that i could afford to get a video of you twerking... it's all good though- i love you, zach braff! can't wait to see this greatness. :)
so happy to be a backer! lots of love from mexico! if you find yourself in need of free labour, i'm a pretty darn good 2nd ad! all my best zach and adam!
best wishes from a moscow backer. best of luck with the movie, can't wait for it! :)
i wish you guys all the best from london. i know it's going to be brilliant
sounds fantastic. i'm in! good luck zach! can't wait.
i've always kind of scoffed at the idea of giving any of my own money to fund a movie. but garden state is one of those movies that really means something to me. - more so now that i'm a little older.  it's helped me and made feel less like i'm the only one who feels that way. so, i'm donating so that this movie can be made the way zach and adam see it. if it's anything at all like garden state, it's money well spent :)
$110 donated senor braff! keep up the creative vision!
so happy to be a part of this!!!!
i stand corrected 1 million raised in less than 12 hours
wow, at the rate those numbers are going up, it'll be fully funded by lunch tomorrow! perhaps even brunch...
yay!!!! over a million!!!!!!
i'm not sure you're going to need 29 days.  at this rate, it looks like you're going to meet your goal in about 29 minutes.  i too, had a scary experience when i was young that kind of affected the course of my entire life.  i support your artistic vision, just don't let the spinning donation clock get to your head.  lol.  it looks like the national debt, only in reverse.
go zach & adam!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wow! 29 days left to go and we've surpassed the halfway point! hardly surprising as this is definitely a project worth backing. i love your work zach! so happy to be apart of it :) can wait for the film, i have no doubt it'll be aweesome! i'm looking forward to waking up in the morning and seeing the pledges. keep giving people, every little helps :)
good luck, dear zach !!! glad we can help ! you're awesome, and you can always count on your amazing fans :)))
if you search a cinéma in france, for a projection of wiwh cinepal', close to paris, welcomes you with pleasure. love you !
i think this is fascinating on several levels.  way to go zach!
i may not have too much cash but everything counts! so happy for zach :)
good luck from ukraine, zack!
here we go ! hope to wake up and see the goal accomplished tomorrow already !
am i the only one who is crazy excited that the halfway mark just came and went??!!
@anthony 12 hours, actually.
good times!!!
what time did this start? 8am pdt?  $1m in 7 hours?  does that sound about right?
good luck! i've enjoyed you on tv (still need to see garden state), and know you have a lot of talent on and off-camera.
one million! we must celebrate! appletinis for everyone!
i enjoy you wearing your blue shirt, donald wearing a green one - i felt nostalgic for scrubs.
i read and pledged only hours ago and you've already hit 1 million.  that is so amazing congrats x
one million! way to go!
dear zach braff,  please take my money and continue to make awesome movies.
just backed you. i love the story so i am really looking forward to the film. those art prints look amazing and would hang perfectly in my house. as you just hit your first million, i am off to watch garden state (they say it is a wonderful film). congratulation!!
the best of luck to you! i love your work and can't wait to see where this leads to.
yes!!!!! 1 mil almost there!
awesome! :d
1 million!!!
dude 1 million on the first day hell yes
we love you zach.  you're awesome.  congratulations!
$1 million down, $1 million to go!
boooom! 1 million! awesome!
wow - half way there!  way to go zach!  so proud to be a part of this - can't *wait* for the movie!
1 million! wow! :d
my wife & i both backed this project. we've made this a destination weekend. we will drive 16 hours to see this screening because we believe in you, your project, and your unwavering desire to keep the art of movie making true to the creators.
holy shit ! 1 million ! when i backed it was only 21000$... amazing !
screening in berlin/germany would be great :)
almost $1 million! wow!
i am honoured to be a part of this. thank you! for involving your fans in this project
this will be such an amazing project! good luck to you!
no sarah??
garden state is one of my all time favorites and its soundtrack really changed my life. i was waiting for another movie directed by you for years and being part of it now really is a dream come true. thank you so much for this opportunity zach, and keep up the amazing work you do!
another great film struggling to get distributed on here is lost on purpose. if you're in a giving mood, help them out! http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/273375852/lost-on-purpose
can't wait for this.  you are a great director/actor.  loved garden state and the last kiss (rachel bilson wasn't bad either, haha).   how bout a premiere in cleveland, we never get any love in cleveland
i am so happy that i joined this project. best wishes zach! i can't wait to see the film.
although i follow politics and vote, i have never felt impassioned enough to donate to any candidate's efforts.  i have more faith in you zach than politicians.  looking forward to the new flick.
happy to be a part of this project. i have always been a fan of zach's. saw him in a play in nyc, and he knows my nephew, danny abrams, who owns mermaid's oyster bar in the village.  i look forward to the premier!
holy crap, i pledged this morning when you had a couple of thousand dollars and now you're almost at half of your goal. that's amazeballs.
i just contributed because i love garden state and i'd like to see the production blogs over the summer... in all seriousness though - why kickstart a film that you could easily afford to finance on your own? not trying to be smug, just genuinely curious. anyway - good luck with the film; can't wait to watch the process!
hey zach, i'd love it if you would do a premiere in atlanta! -daniel.
so excited about this! would love if you took a cue from your kickstarter inspiration and added a premiere in austin (or somewhere closer to dfw...)  just sayin'.  ;-) garden state (and even more, its soundtrack - we played several songs at our wedding) has meant so much to me.  we watched scrubs religiously and even had a finale party where everyone dressed as characters from the show.  anyway, i'm a big fan of your work, and i'm thrilled to have the opportunity to be a part of your next project.
he is going to have so many things to sign by the end of all this.
first time kickstarter contributor, and really posting comments on the internet is not really my cup of tea, but i just wanted to show my support. garden state came to me at a time in my life where i was searching for an identity and had such an amazingly positive and permanent impact on my life that i had to help with this film, for the shear hope that it reaches just one person in the way garden state reached me.
just saw the kickstarter tweet.  now i cannot possibly wait for this any longer.
come to sweden! i hope this movie will be awesome. i'm a poor student, but i hade to contribute this awesome idea!
can't wait to see this film in london. loved garden state and zach's recent play all the new people! this will be awesome, good luck zach!
my first kickstarter contribution...
didn't even have to watch your video to know this will be awesome. thank you for doing this amazing project! can't wait to see it happen.
i have been breathlessly watching since you posted this and i can hardly contain my excitement that you're already almost halfway to being funded! i'll be there on my own for the chicago screening and i seriously cannot wait. i can't describe my excitement. garden state is my favorite film of all time and i really look forward to seeing another movie with the same tone. thank you for deciding to create another film! <3
i heard you on kroq this morning! even though i've a 19 month old and strapped for cash, i wanted to make help make this film happen!
can't wait! going to go to london to see the preview. great stuff to choose from.
haha, can't wait! garden state was awesome. one of the funniest parts: evading the burning arrow: http://www.youtube.com/watch…
incredibly excited to see what comes of this, a massive fan of zach braff and garden state, couldn't be more happy to pledge towards something this amazing!
i can't feel my feet! i can't wait for this.
my mother's day present from my husband!!!!!  soooo happy!!!!!  we love this concept and are such huge fans of your work (and you)!  speechless that we get to be a part of this amazing adventure.  you are just awesome!!  can't wait to see the movie and for the soundtrack/playlist.  you just made my day!!!!  thank you for letting the ordinary be a part of the extraordinary.
i am beyond excited for this.  i've backed a few things before, but this one is by far the best.  the rewards are great and if this movie is anything like garden state, it'll be in my top 10 movies of all time.  thank you for your hard work and constant communication with your fans over the years.
wow, you raised so much money while i was asleep! less than a day and so close to $1m... incredible. it just shows how much people love what you do :)
"garden state" is on on my top10 list, so of course i'm backing you up - and sooo looking forward to the movie! greetings from austria & best of luck...
good luck zach! garden state has a special meaning to me. so thanks for this. looking forward to this new film!
holy crap, backed this early this morning when it was at just above $200,000.  now, after loads of press, it's nearly crossed the $1mil threshold!  good show, i think this thing will get funded and then some by the end of the week.
i'm going to ride this movie so hard...eagleeee!
best wishes from italy!!
can we get a screening in mexico city? think about it, zach.
make this movie available in brazil, pls
let's do this! one million in one day! we are so close to hitting 1,000,000 on the first day!
i'm so in braff!
i'm an unemployed student, so i can't give a lot of money, but i've done a modest contribution. it's great to feel part of a larger project. (: greetings from latvia!
oops, should comment that i'm larry's girlfriend, not larry. i pledged for his anniversary present.... hence the overly feminine comment below!
hey now that there are multiple screenings, will we be able to choose which one we go to? my sister, brother-in-law and i all contributed but would want to go to the screening together...are chances good?
wish you could come to australia. we would have loved to join you for a premiere but unfortunately oversea travel is way out of our price range!  you're nearly half way! it's wonderful and exciting and i can't wait for september 2014!  good luck zach!
so damn excited to see you in london!!! i saw you when you wwre in all new people and that was also epic! please keep these productions coming :)
you knew that putting up a pic of a frenchie would suck me in, didn't you? didn't you?
big fan, zach! your funny side lured me in, but your amazing film "garden state" made me an admirer. you inspire me! i'm happy to be part of this and i can't wait for "wish i was here" to arrive... i'm sure it will be funded, great stuff often is. toodeloo.
proud to be associated with such a great project mate.... roll on sept 2014 :)
you rock, zach braff!
well, you're an inspirational person. getting a chance to actually help you in some way. well, there's no doubt. i believe in you. and this project. good luck!
i thought you killed yourself? that wasn't you?
garden state has an incredible amount of meaning to me, and i'm so happy that you are going to start this new project. i wish you and all the people involved the best of luck! thank you so much for everything, now shut up and take my money.
i've been watching this since this morning and its awe inspiring to watch the money rolling in and the thousands of fans supporting this and really getting behind this, i ended up managing my pledge to be able to bring a friend to the london screening, glad i got in there early as they are all gone now
i loved garden state and i'm so excited to be a part of this, all the way from south africa!
"louisiana and fake it to look like la." shouldn't be hard. louisiana is la. la is ca. which in creole french means "there is this". i think i've cleared this up for everyone.
love love love garden state. looking forward to seeing wish i was here!!!
so excited to support this, already scouting for a nice hotel to stay in after the screening! what a lovely treat to look forward to :-)
the timing for me personally is incredibly poignant and your project itself i know will be over the moon fantastic! please oh please oh please could the polyphonic spree be the musical backdrop? seems fitting, in many ways. wonderful worlds colliding once again? *primal scream*... thank you.
i'm so happy to be able to help you making this wonderful movie. i can't wait to see it. make art, make art! :)
and sorry to not have properly spelled your name, zach.  please forgive me.  congrats on what will be a very successful kickstater campaign though.
@meghan hughes. i had the same question and there is clearly some criticism out on the web. i gladly pledged but the question did come up.
so my husband and i pledged $100 separately for the screening in chicago because at the time the $200 "bring a friend" level was taken. please tell me this will be treated the same as the bring a friend so i can sit next to him while we enjoy what is sure to be an amazing film! or do i have to go back in and cancel one and change the other? so happy to be a part of this!
i'd love you to do a screening in berlin ... maybe i'll come to london; but right now it'll have be cozy at home in a t-shirt ;) good luck!
thanks for letting us all participate in your next great project, zack.  your dialogue from gardenstate about the house you grew up in not really being your home anymore and families missing the same imaginary place that doesn't really even exist anymore still gets to me this very day.  i'm very excited to see what you create next and happy to be able to help.  best of luck to you.
hey zach, i already contributed, cause i love your work and i'm pumped to see "wish i was here" get made. but i'm just wondering, are you contributing any of your own money to the project? someone argued that you're worth $22 million so you should have plenty of more money than any of us fans, so i was just wondering... i mean, if you contribute your own $2 million, you'd definitely have 100% control! anyways, just curious about it all... again, love your work. you're one of my writing inspirations too :d meg
good luck on the movie!
a couple years ago my wife and i loaned our copy of garden state to some married friends and told them they had to watch the movie because it would change their lives. they never watched it and never returned it. now there divorced. i'm not saying they'd still be married if they had watched the movie, nor am i saying that the universe is punishing them for not returning our dvd, but it kind of feels that way...
thankt
i have watched scrubs pretty much every day in order to get to sleep for about 6 years.... i think i kind of hate it now... but this is well exciting!
i now consider myself to be a movie producer!  so happy to be involved in this.  garden state was a triumph and i'm sure that wish you were here will be too.
i'm so happy to be able to contribute to the next zach braff masterpiece.  i loved garden state, and it remains my favourite movie to this day...although that may change with wish i was here ;) good luck to all involved!
a great and very exciting project. ~best wishes from germany, j.
so exciting! can't wait!
so exciting to see this grow as i sit here and type this!
must be done! it's zach braff damn it!!! stupid hollywood.
garden state is hands down my favorite movie of all time.  i love movies, studied film in college, and picking favorites has always been hard - except for this movie.  i, like many people, have a great emotional attachment to the film and the soundtrack, and i know it helped mold me into the person i am today. i am so thankful for your work, and excited to see where this project goes.  i wish you the best of luck!
you should come to cincinnati... we have great chili and i have a very comfortable fold out couch
everybody wants to be so rich to pay the maximum to be part of the team, or to have anyway the opportunity to meet them.. i know.. despite that.. i'm proud and honoured to be a miserable backer ;) greetings from italy!
giving money like this isn't something i would usually do, but i think this is awesome and i wish you the best of luck. cant wait to see this movie!
love your take on life and am so happy to be a small part of getting 'wish i was here' into production. at this rate, you'll be able to afford high-speed car chases and cgi dinosaurs!
couldn't let this one go.....i have limited funds so could only stretch to $40 have to say though, i really hope that not many people start funding films this way, or i may seriously run out of money.....fast! haha good luck......you'll easily make beyond 2mil :) x
so excited to play a part (pun intended) in this project!  as i made my pledge i noticed that your $2mil deadline is may 24 which is my birthday so needless to say this will add to my day! yay!! - melanie
so tonight your speaking at my university for the how to be greek week (i assume it involves learning to love bathing in olive oil and finding the perfect pair of white bed linens to drap on your shoulders) or be greek not week, dont quite remember the title in the email my chapter sent me...but i am currently abroad in spain and it kills me that you are gallivanting around lisner auditorium talking about things and your beautiful words are falling on lame ears! all in all, my "question/comment" is more of a demand. come back again after may 18th and perform a one man adaption of the movie crash? i always thought you would shine as white boy thandie newton! or if not this, at the very least take a picture of yourself cradling the infamous hippo like a tender child and put it on twitter to @bonerchamps (dont ask, its a family name). thank you for everything you do and have done. cant wait to see this new movie get started!
will scooter have a starring role in the film? i think he deserves his moment in the spotlight..... t-shirt idea:  glow-in-the-dark acutal-sized image of donald faison's head.
i hope you already have ideas with what to do with all the extra money you're going to get.  you're going to easily pass the $2 million mark in just days at tis rate.  you'll easily get enough money to shoot in la and use actual film before this campaign is over.  what are you going to do with the rest of the money?  btw...have a screening in dc!
i am beyond excited for this! garden state is one of my favorite movies of all time and i can relate to it more than ever now that i am in my mid twenties and about to leave college. i was watching it again recently and wondering when zach was going to direct another movie, so naturally i jumped at the chance to back this kickstarter. i can only imagine how he feels right now seeing the rate at which these donations are coming in. he's almost at the halfway point and the page has been active for less that 24 hours!
wish i could pledge more but my hope is when the movie is being released there still might be a chance i can go to a screening, for those who pledge what they can now and maybe pay more later for the honor? ya know, at that point the money could go to an awesome charity! much love, babe. good luck.
as a fellow filmmaker who's used kickstarter before and a huge fan of garden state i say: go make your movie and take my damn money.
so awesome. the video made my morning and pledging made my week. cannot wait to see how awesome this will be. p.s. - come to montreal!!
if this goes well, maybe we will get a dr. acula movie next!
this is the only kickstarter i have wholeheartedly funded with the exception of electric six's live dvd wich i still to this day wish i had pledged for the package to come on-stage and play the cowbell on "gaybay", but i digress; it's about time filmmakers with unique visions start utilizing kickstarter for these purposes, as i feel the audience i just sitting around waiting and wondering why they aren't doing it already. times a changing for the better in indie. and thanks for finally getting down to making another film, seeing as garden state is my fav next to broken flowers and bladerunner (sucker for production design?), and i am sure it will be great. this is truly one of those kickstarters that just make me warm and fuzzy and happy to take part of. take care and best of luck with the project. also it was nice to see you and donald together again in this clip. adios! -andreas
very excited for the project, and thrilled that you upped the number for the nyc screening.  i was bummed when i saw it sold out, but i'm stoked to be able to get a sneak peek. and like most of us, i'm a huge fan of "garden state."
i hope so you'll come to paris.
so looking forward to this...!
garden state is one of my favourite movies. i've seen it many many times. the soundtrack is also awesome. i am really happy to support your next movie and i am looking forward to watching it!!! as we say in my country (i.e. france), bon courage pour la suite!
500 backers in the time it took me to watch and read the page!  you go, zach!
stretch goals incoming :)
zach. i am assuming that the narrative in "wish i was here" is not happening in the same "universe" as garden state. are you thinking about re-casting some or any of the actors from garden state? i am really excited about being given the opportunity to support this movie :)
proud to be a part of this.
best way to spend my money ever. thanks man. ma cosa dovevi dire agli italiani? ;)
a screening is san antonio texas would def convince me to up my pledge also at this rate ya might. pass the million dollar mark in 2 days
craving a successful result. btw, the beatbox is awesome!
out of curiosity, what time today did the campaign start?  it's at $803,830 right now (12:43 arizona time=12:43 california time).  i'm impressed!  just goes to show that people love your work, zach.
i don't know if i could ever put into words what garden state meant to me. it was like the perfect present given to me at the exact right moment, making a time in my life which was almost unbearable back into something i could survive and move on from. even a decade later (almost), when i've found my home again, i adore that movie. i have faith in zach braff to give a beautiful project and am so excited to be able to do anything to help.
excited to be a small part of greatness!
garden state is one of my all time favorite movies. it taught me not yo fear the infinite abyss. best of luck with this project. i can't wait to see the new movie!
saw garden state twice in the cinema in auckland, nz. have bought it a couple of times on dvd (due to unreturned loans) since we moved back to the uk. great film. best of luck with this project. see you in london. silent velcro....tsssss
will up my backing if i can :) i loved your play 'all new people'
beatbox with a meow? done.
weird. i was just wondering when you were going to make another flick. about damn time.
i discovered garden state at a very special time in my life. i felt like it understood me more than the people around me did at the time. it is a beautiful film and i am so happy and proud to support your new film! i cannot wait to see it!
i am so incredibly excited for this project.  garden state came out when i was in my early twenties and will forever be something that helped define that part of my life.  the soundtrack itself has so many distinct memories associated with it.  excited to see what the next chapter holds (for both of us!). also, a screening in san francisco, please!
i loved garden state (so did my dad).  it speaks to me.  hope you do a screening in central fl.  either daytona beach or palm coast would be awesome!  good luck zach!!!  your fans (me included) really believe in you!
i agree with what someone else suggested - a dvd option would be nice too - for those of us not near a premiere area.  not sure if the thank you screening is at a certain time and date - which might not work for everyone
garden state got me through a really rough time in my life. i'll never be able to thank you enough for your brilliant vision. i am 100% behind this movie. good luck zach! your fans believe in you!
come to paris !!!
scrubbbss+bigbangtheory=yes
well, at the current rate, you're only going to end up with $23,000,000.00 or so. i hope that's enough.
i loved garden state so much and you, zach, are so amazing! i'm so happy that i was able to make a small contribution to this big project! keep on keeping on. you're awesome :-)
almost half way there on the first day...i feel a movie coming on!!  if i pledged a girly giggle do i get my giggle back if you don't meet your quota?
i'm all for showing the proverbial finger to the people in the "money" say. great way to do things, so i hope we'll get the money together. shall pledge another one for the london screening later. cheers and good luck!
please do a screening in new orleans (or near it), i would certainly level up to do that!
great pitch video, great project :-) very well done so far and we still have 30 days to go ^^
i feel like a wheel watcher... i keep checking back every five minutes to see if it's reached the goal yet... i wish the movie was already made!!  come on big money!
italy please!!! :d
so excited to be a part of this! can't wait for your playlists, i've had the garden state soundtrack in my car's cd changer since it came out!
better start thinking about stretch goals zach, you'll probably have use for them tomorrow :-)
can't wait to see it! good luck! (p.s. if there are any internship opportunities for film school students available, please let it be known! would love to contribute in that capacity too!)
it's really been nice to see the pledge amount and # of backers more than quadruple since just this morning. garden state is my all time favorite movie! it's the movie i always watch when i just can't decide on anything else, which is often. i really can't wait for your new one zach! feels awesome to be a part of your vision and not a movie studio's demands. thank you for all the work you and your team have already put into this. can't wait for the final cut!!! it would be great if you could bring a premiere of the movie to tampa, fl. the tampa theater would be an awesome venue for the premier and it's kind of fancy. people like fancy. we also have the ybor city shoe licker and incredible authentic cuban sandwiches. i'll also let you drive my car. :-)
hey zach, will the london screening be one night will all the backers (+700) by my estimates or split over a couple of nights?  i have a 3rd friend who is interested in backing, but doesn't want to be left alone for the screening. super thanks rich
that t-shirt better be soft as a kitty taint :)
i think we all know zach is going to meet his goal. the 4 hour drive to chicago is well worth catching the premiere. can't wait!
i think backers of this kickstarter should be called "braffers"
go go go zach ! you're the best !
nice pitch
i think you're shit is great. can't wait.
10 for now, 30 very soon, 100 as soon as there's a screening in berlin ;)
hope there are some life-changing new songs from the shins in this ;-) james mercer did say that some of the songs on port of morrow were about parenthood
can't wait till this movie comes out! so excited for the q&a with you :d 73 pounds very well spent! even if i did have to raid my driving lessons savings ;)
hey, i just noticed that the garden state poster of your video is a franch one ! way to represent france ! from paris, with love ;)
can you have a option ..... to send the script signed to us.
here's to kickstarter giving you the chance for enough artistic rope to hang yourself...or mayhaps catch that distant star!
@amanda yes, he gets to keep anything made for the project minus fees. both kickstarter and amazon get a % of the money. also, some of the money will go toward the rewards/shipping. most projects develop stretch goals, so backers can see where the additional money will go(better location, longer movie, etc) i'm sure zach will post stretch goals for the project. :)
if you need someone to play keytar on any portion of the soundtrack, i know a guy.  mozel on a cool concept.  i will be keeping my tiny, midget-like fingers crossed that everything goes according to plan.
happy to contribute to something/someone i believe in. if i happen to win the lottery in the next 30 days, you'll be hearing more from me.
you're amaaaaaaahhhzing. i have been a lifelong fan and i can't wait for this movie!! i've shared it with all my peeps. and i can't believe i'm watching this happen so fast! i left for an hour and came back and you had $100,000 more!! good luck!!  -hopeless fan
zach, do you have a verified google+ account? i'm trying to share the link over there and link it back to you, but i'm just seeing a bunch of fan accounts. https://plus.google.com/113868925537912217383/posts/afltkxyn9j6
zach, you have no idea how proud (and thankful) i am to be able to help you create this movie. you'll be doing a lot of thanking in the next few weeks and months, but an equal share of the thanking should be going to you, for the vision you share with us all. now go forth and make an awesome film! (oh, and share really cool playlists with us, too. :)
what happens if he raises more than $2,000,000? does he just get to keep it?
you sir, rock.  that is all.
can't wait to hear songs you'll choose! i'm sure it's gonna be totally awesome! your fan from the czech republic
heard you on kroq this morning. let's get this puppy made!!!!
i'm a broke college student, and i just pledged $100 and couldn't be happier with the investment. garden state changed my life and i'm so excited to be a part of another amazing zach braff production. your video was insanely compelling and best of luck in completing the film!
so i just pledged and so happy that this is happening! true believer and hope that this film is awesome if not beyond awesome. thank you for staying true to your film!!! i will be pledging every week :) every bit counts.
by the way...saul's gonna need more than 2 mg of adriamycin if he hopes to get any benefit from it.  also, adriamycin is often given as straight drug, not usually diluted to this extent as written in your character design.  but i love that he is dealing with a real problem :-).
garden state was a right of passive into my adult life when i was 18. really looking forward to the next chapter...yay zach! super excited to see the uncompromised finished product =)
i teach at loyola marymount university in the film school. we have class tomorrow night. this is such a powerful point of reference of how passion projects, with star involvement, can become a reality. bravo, excited to attend the la screen with a date!
what no john c. mcginley?!?  that's a bad newbie!  ;)
i'm excited for my kitten-taint-soft shirt :)
can you add a pledge for a blu-ray copy of the movie? i would increase my pledge if that was an option...
going to the preview in nyc! so excited! i have been waiting for this for a looooong time. good luck zach!
zach, i will take a date with you.  how much for that? (seriously?) :)
i'm happy to know that yes, i'm not the only one watching the $$ go up. good luck zach!!!
alright just pledged from the 40$ tier to the 100$ for the premiere in london 'cause i'm so excited for this. good luck zach i'm sure you're gonna do a fuckin great job with this as you did with garden state ;)
glad i can be a part of it in some way. it feels good to support those you believe in!
yes, going to the premier in la. looking forward to see you and all the others there :-)
so excited to be apart of this even in a small way - we've got your back zach
just pledged, can't wait to see what you come up with mate :)
i watched every episode of scrubs during the summer of 2009. i love it. i deeply admire zach braff's work, humor, and emotionally-charged film work.
i keep seeing the number of backers increase and that makes me so happy! i absolutely loved garden state, and i am so happy to be involved in wish i was here! if i had the means, i would fund the entire film - no questions asked! :)
it's me again. so as i said before, russia will  show you our love: i posted your words about visit to moscow in vkontakte, and people were all crazy. we're waiting for you. please add moscow in premiere list, people would pledge like 100 or even 200$ to watch first show. just to try it. i bet it would worth it. me and my girlfriend will come 100%. your fans,  bogdan and ekaterina.
so happy to be a part of it ! i saw garden state when i was 15 and it truly change my life. i know it was more a movie for 20-something, but it made me love films, music, and so much more. i hope my humble contribution will help in anyway :) can't wait to say everybody in london !  love from france !
i am graduating with my ma soon and this is the perfect way to celebrate--the advanced screening in chicago with my husband! loved garden state, and it is always a favorite for me to keep coming back to. i especially loved the writing.  i fully support creative work that is determined to be uncompromised! can't wait to see what you've come up with, zach! :)
what can i say that no one has already? garden state is amazing, and mr. braff is truly one of the most charismatic actors i've ever seen (thank you so much for having a real friendship with donald, it makes scrubs sooo much enjoyable and fun!). i'm thrilled to see that somehow, slowly, the movie industry is changing to these new forms of artistic funding and development. it kind of gives me hope for any future project i'll try to make a reality. i feel blessed to be able to contribute to this project and wish you all the best in the whole process. right on!
averaging about $75 per backer presently - that's gotta make you proud.  can't wait to see the movie.  i know the goal will be exceeded. you have some amazing fans, evidently.
as a fellow filmmaker,i couldn't help but back this project. zach braff does amazing work - really excited for this! ny film premier anyone!?
so glad and excited to be part of this! wish you all the best!
i backed 'wish i was here' because i love garden state (it's one of my top 3 films) so backing this project is a no-brainer! hope you get the correct funding and the film gets made.
i was an extra in what was then known as large's ark. i grew up in nj and i had been a backer of the film from way back in the beginning. i believed in the film that later because garden state. its such an amazing story. i have bought the soundtrack and dvd for numerous people. the story is so uplifting and has changed lives of those that have seen it. i just donated my entire salary from gs to this next project. i can't wait to see the next chapter come to life.
do you my $50 are enough to consider marriage with me ? love from france :)
you are such an incredibly talented person. i am more than happy to donate for the cause, since i've been wondering for years why you haven't made another film (no pressure though).
wow! this is a great announcement and i'm happy to be involved. a freind and me are going to advanced screening in london, woohoo! now i'll have to wait 16 months... see you there! greetings from germany
i love garden state!  it's one of my favorites. also i loved scrubs!  i'm glad to back this project.  can't wait to see it!
this is awesome.
everyone has said everything already, so i just want to say thank you for letting us help you stay true to yourself and your vision. i have so much respect for you and wish i were able to afford to make it to an advance screening. also, if you ever come through nashville, tn, you and your crew are welcome to crash at our house :)
yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay!!! :)
i am so excited by this/for this!!
love your work! so excited to be part of this next adventure!
i've decided to back this project for three reasons, 1) really like zach and what he has done and feel he will deliver a quality project to us, 2) i like this new trend of being part of the movie process and 3) he's a jersey boy and so am i so one has got to help a brother.
going up up up zach!!!!!!!!!!!!    cant wait to see you hit and exceed your goal!!
i loved garden state which is my favourite movie of all times, hell i even bought the dvd (and i may have bought something like 5 dvds in my whole life). i loved you in scrubs, and in last kiss, but not so much in oz: the great and powerful (because you are on screen for only 20mn or so). i was so happy when i saw that you where doing this kickstarter. good luck and best wishes !
i am proud to be involved in this project. i love all your work and it looks as though you won't even need the thirty days to hit your goal.
yeah, i'm sure the movie will be amazing, garden state changed my life, blah blah blah, but in all honesty, what sold me on a donation was the weekly playlists... my ipod's getting kinda stale, and i totally trust your taste in music.
http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/1869987317/wish-i-was-here-1/ this is so writing kickstarter history :)
i have loved everything you have ever done. backed this project and can't wait to see the final film. you are a truly talented person.
this is pretty much a done deal, so i can't wait to see you at the nyc screening... i was so excited when my brother posted this kickstarter on facebook and saw the video you made for it that i almost danced around the office, but of course i don't dance so i will have to settle for dancing inside... will you be able to sign the scripts after the q&a session? i would really love to meet one of my favorite character actors from one of my favorite tv shows of all time... thank you for giving us this opportunity to be a part of such a fun project
this may has been said already but will we be able to get autographs/photos at the q&a? if so on the photos, just as with the veronica mars project, i am willing to lend my skills and equipment for the event.
blue steel? pff, try soft clay! just kidding! you're gonna do great!
just backed your project! big fan of your work zach. really respect that you want to make films, not movies.
if this new project moves me even half as much as garden state did.......wow! thank you. that was $100 of my last $300. no pressure there, zach.....
followup to my previous comment: i realize now "distributor" probably entails getting the movie into theaters, not just publishing on dvd/downloads. i'm fine with waiting till the end of the theatrical run for fulfillment of a reward copy, if that matters.
i check your imdb bio every once in a while for any follow ups to garden state, zach. this was a nice surprise, for sure, and i'm happy to help. good luck, i look forward to the screening!
come to toronto! please? :)
30% funded! you go zach!!!
is there a way to give $125 and get to go to the ny screening and get a signed print? i did the $100 but i also want a signed art print. alternatively, would i be able to get one of the ones i get signed at the event in ny or will it be too big now?
i pledge allegiance, to zach braff. i hope this shirt is truly as soft as kitten taint! i know you won't disappoint (in both shirt/taint softness and movie quality)! good luck, sir!
i'm amazed that when i looked at this this morning it was on just over £8000. i feel like i'm apart of something awesome by pledging. people are amazing.
i've been watching the pledges go up since i woke up this morning, and i can't even explain how excited i am to see so many people supporting this. i pledged way more than i can afford on a grad student budget, but it was worth it. i'll just have to live on ramen for a little while.
garden state is one of my favorite movies. i can't wait to see what you do next zach, but i'm expecting greatness. good luck!
thank you for doing this!  i hope you will have as much fun emmotion making the movie, as we all will watching it! love from sweden       ¯\(ツ)/¯
phoenix az!  if you need another cosplay location option phoenix comic con would be an awesome location.  and we already have palm trees!
can't wait for my signed photograph! hope the movie gets awesome as ever zach!
i'll see you in london zach!
does the name on the wall one also get you into the advanced screening/q&a? i am a little confused on that part of it.
i hope you are already out to celebrate. this thing s going to be backed completely in no time. good project and i am glad to be a part of it.
hope you reach your goal... sorry... "our" goal
hi again. just a thought, for the preview in london, is it possible to get your hands on the garden state reels and play that before the new film? that would be ace.
don't even have to read the script to know it will be great, but i will anyway! we believe in you zach!
i hope one of the screenings will be in las vegas!! can't wait to see this come to fruition!! :d love your work!
go get em, ace.  i hope rowdy can have a little cameo :-).
so excited for this!!!! keep up the great work mr. braff.
any chance you can add tiers for messages from jim parsons or donald faison?
i sincerely wish you all the best, i only wish my financial means outweighed my belief and support for this project. thank you for allowing us to be a part of such a worthy project, supporting your creative vision and all of those involved in making this project a reality.
i can't wait to see the movie!! good luck!!!
me and my best friend are scrubs obsessed and garden state is my favorite movie. i'm so excited to see it filmed and meet you zach. make sure donalds in the film :)
there is no pledge commitment i could make that would repay you for everything i've gotten out of the work you've done.  come hang on the outer banks of nc with my wife and i, and by the way....we'll see you at the premier and afterparty in la.
if possible please make an effort to get a bigger theatre for london indeed. missed out on the $200 for two screening pledge, but would love to fly over from estonia with my girlfriend for such a special event. and thank you for making another movie, much love and respect.
really connected with garden state, can't wait for this, thank you! blu ray?!
sooo tired of watching movies about denzel washington in a whore house with a sexy pool boy (although i feel like there just may be genius in that). the only movie soundtrack i ever bought was garden state, and the cd is still in my car for moments when i need it. thanks for giving me the chance to contribute to my own future happiness when the movie comes out.
i wish i could just get a signed photo of you zach that says "thank you kelley" that's all i'd want really cause i'm a huge fan and happy to help
glad to be help out. please come to toronto for a screening
how can i pick more than one pledge???
eeeaaaaagllllleeeee! that's how i felt when i saw this on kickstarter. thanks for doing this and i am glad i could help.  can't wait for updates!
i also think, that an option to get this film later on a dvd would be a nice idea. and untill now your project here looks really successful. ;o) greetings from germany.
thank you for continuing to make me laugh!  can't wait for the movie!
you have my support mate :) i am sure this will go well beyond the 2 mio mark - can't wait
seeing the good this doing for the people who want to make films to make people happy for a change is worth my money. good luck zach happy to help you on your amazing endeavor!
come to seattle!
happy to support you, zach! garden state was one of the most moving films i've ever seen, and i can't wait to see wish i was here! best of luck!
best of luck, zach. i'm really looking forward to seeing the movie!
big fan of scrubs and garden state and i am happy that i can support your new project and cannot wait for the screening in london in 2014. greetings from germany!
i`m watching the number steadily rise if the movie is half as awesome as the pitch i`m sure you`ll be funded i`ve never found a kickstarter pitch funny or lol worthy
so thrilled to be supporting this, zach.it's clear you're pouring your heart into this project and i can't wait to be a part of it as it unfolds.
congrats on the 500 000 !!!! :)  so exciting ! :p
what a great feeling to be a backer of your project!  i have the utmost confidence that this project will be a major success.  thanks for allowing me, a huge fan, to share in your art.
you can use the following songs for gratis :) "you call shotgun" http://www.youtube.com/watch… "like springsteen" http://www.youtube.com/watch… support music from the real garden state. all the best! glad to support!
i know tons of fans are saying the same things, but when i was 15 i watched garden state and remembered it being ok.  when i was a freshman in college and debating whether i should be a film major or not, i got a vhs version of garden state and watched it again.  this time around, it was the most beautiful experience.  it was lightning and fireworks and i knew i had to make films!!!  i'm now about to graduate as a film major this june :) so if you need an intern on your project or someone who will work for nothing, i'm your gal! :)
zach, do a screening to toronto!
dvd - ok, can understand the whole theater release thing but why on earth no option for a delayed dvd tier?  fine, let the theater thing run it's course for a few months or whatever, then ship the dvd rewards. a great many of us don't bother with theaters anymore and the idea that in order to view a film i backed on kickstarter, i may well have to pirate it online is absurd.  to back a film in order to honor your vision not at least = "see the film" is a tragedy.  so please, compromise, delayed dvd tier.  it's hardly as if we aren't all here to patiently wait through the duration anyway.
i'm so happy that you're going to do this!  garden state was such an amazing story and movie.  i find myself watching it at least once a month!
"so what do we do? what do we do?" make another masterpiece braff, i reckon. ahoo ya boya, on your bike. there's dollars in the post for you. pints on me next time you're in dublin.
sometimes you just have to believe in a dream. mr. braff brought an awesome movie to us all with garden state. i am proud to support his next endeavor, i wish he and his crew much luck on the road ahead. and of course a great big thank you for bringing such great things to your fans.
zach you should have another cameo with method man in the the movie, he was too funny in garden state
can you get a bigger venue for la as to accommodate more people?
at this rate, it should be backed within the week! i could only contribute enough for a t-shirt (poor college student), but i'm glad to be able to help in my small way!
zach!! i'm so happy we can help you out!! you've made soooo many people laugh over the past years and it's awesome to be able to give you something back! garden state was an amazing film and i can't wait to see what wish i was here will be like!! aah! can't wait!! :d
garden state/soundtrack changed my life. come to toronto please!!!
hey man, so proud to be a backer. you've been inspiring my own filmmaking since i was about 15, and i can't wait to see what you do next! best of luck! -miles
i can not wait for another zach braff soundtrack!
this dollar system for uk fans is a nightmare! but no worries, i did a quick currency conversion so the nightmare was over fairly quickly. garden state is, and always will be, one of my favourite films and can't think of a better way to spend £15 (sorry, i'm still only a student!). i'd take another zach braff film over a couple of dinners every day of the week (don't hold me to that). good luck with the project & looking forward to seeing and reading all the updates.
annnnnnd it's backed! zach, you better come make a screening of your movie in paris. we'll drink wine and go to the moulin rouge just after. plus, your garden state poster is in french, you have no excuse.
that video is seriously awesome.
zach, you are amazing  !! you have incredible talent and i'm confident that you are going to reach your goal and we all are going to enjoy another great movie ! best of luck !!
is it weird that i'm sat here watching the total go up and up and up, rather than going about my day?
can't wait!  wish you had an atlanta screening!  with all the film stuff moving this way it would be a great idea!
had a conversation with a friend about how garden state and its soundtrack have permanently been in my top five since their inception. amazing movie and i really hope this gets all the support it needs cause i would love to see this succeed. movies done the right way :)
really smart you guys. looking forward to having adam and moder in town.
backed at $30. would love to see you in phoenix metro in az. love everything you do and garden state was amazing. (maybe your next project could be scrubs the musical??)
so glad to be a part of this!  now the manfriend and i will have to make a date night on the couch soon to watch garden state again :-)
please add an austin screening.
since the screening for 2 in chicago was sold out- i went ahead and bought my girlfriend and i both screenings for one in chicago - hopefully we can sit together, but if there is a way in the future to switch our pledges to a screening for 2 it would save you some tshirts and art prints etc.
good luck zach. can't wait for this!
i don't expect you to do a trip to south america, but just wanted to tell you that your fans are spread all around the world
this is awesome, can't wait! i read the laist article and it was at 217k, click over and over 460k, nice! let's keep it going.
i am just sitting here watching the dollars go up.
i did the "writing on the wall" pledge but wasn't asked for the name i want written.  how does this happen????
if you have any interest in doing a screening brisbane, australia i'll upgrade in a heartbeat. i promise we'll keep all of the scary animals away from you!
so pleased to be a part of this. can't wait to see the movie, knowing in a tiny, tiny way i helped make it happen. awesome idea. if garden state is anything to go by this is going to be a brilliant project
good luck, zach! :) from russia
please come to columbus! it'll definitely sell out!
hi- any chance you can add pledge gifts for two? the screening for two sold out fast!
i bought the writing on the wall option...will we be included in the nyc screening?
why isn't there a screening in sf, zach!?
i am so happy to be giving money to see this movie made! :d
i must admit that my skeptical nature caused me to pause after watching your video (partially because i knew very little about kickstarter, for i apparently live under a rock...), but then my common sense kicked in and i remembered that i adore garden state and scrubs and all things zach braff and that my skepticism was totally unwarranted. so glad to be a part of this! good luck with reaching your goal! by the look of it, you'll reach it by tomorrow!
hi zach, i have a tiny cinema blog that is starting to have its bunch of readers now. i would love to have the opportunity of posting about the movie process on my website. do you think that would be possible ? would you agree with that? (but i don't want to spoil anything or do something wrong). i gave what i could, that was not a lot but that's something. i really believe in you, in this project, in the people you're planning to involve in this movie process. thanks again for giving me this opportunity i've always dreamt of: once i've seen your movie i'll be able to say "i was a part of that".  lots of french love.
if i was not a poor college student i would have been able to give so much more! i can honestly say garden state was such a life changing movie and means a lot to me and one of my best friends. the fact that i can in some small way help you to continue to do what you love and make what i am confident will be another great film is amazing. keep up the good work zach!
+2 for toronto for me and my best friend!
i also think toronto would be a great choice for an extra screening.
pledged what i could afford. best of luck reaching the goal! can't wait to see this happen
sending you best wishes for the project from melbourne, aus! can't wait to see what you come up with next :d
somebody mention toronto already - let's do a screening in toronto too please. good luck with production!
garden state still cheers me up whenever i watch it. i would love to see another film produced. i was lucky enough to see your play 'all new people' in london which was great too. keeping fingers crossed that you make the target. :) x
me and my girlfriend are going to see you in london ^^ can't wait !!! i'd love to take picture on the set, i'm an amateur photographer but it'll be an honour... if you could add paris to the list of gift you would raise much more money !!!
can i just ask if dan romer and allie moss will be making music for the film as well?  if i could make a suggestion, get andrew futral of the the age of rockets to score your film.  he is absolutely amazing.  ask the previously mentioned artists for confirmation. also i love ingrid michaelson and william fitzsimmons :)
wanted to bring a date to the special preview showing in chicago but the two people selection was sold out. i had to create a new account to get a second 1 person 100$ buy in. i hope you appreciate all the work i put into this zach. now take my money and shut up. oh also can't wait for this to be a huge success i've been hoping for a new movie since well since you made your first!
gave what i could goodluck zach!
didn't hesitate for a second to back this. can't wait for you to make the movie you want!
pledged $100! can't wait to see this!!! i am excited! woo!! :)
i have backed $10. i really wish it could be more but my income is limited and my partner and i are about to close a deal on a first house in the next few weeks so money is super tight! best of luck and i promise when you do another film via kickstarter i'll pledge much more. this is such a great idea and i look forward to seeing the movie.
love your work zach, it has given me so much joy! so looking forward to this movie.
i hope you get all the money you need. can't wait to see this amazing film!
zach, you're gonna rock this. i love your work
pledged! love the idea and the actor/director!!
pledged! wow, those numbers on the right are going big! :) kickstarter record ?
good luck, mr. braff! this is what i hoped campaigns like the veronica mars one would do. more independent films from talented filmmakers who don't have to make compromises for the studios. thank you for letting your fans be involved in the process!
vanilla bear, we need more 2 person openings in chicago!
garden state helped me through a rough time in my life. so happy to see you get back into filmmaking. can't wait to see this new movie.
+michael gutbrod there are two person packages for city.
i love 'garden state' and have been hoping for this continuation for a long time! huge fan of honest, insightful & hilarious filmmakers like yourself! can't wait to see you in la!
i've pledged for the screening in chicago but would gladly pledge another $100 to bring a friend if there were more 2 person packages
you got my backing!
backed! can't wait to see the journal!! as it stands now, you will make the goal fast.
you're too entertaining as an actor to not want to support a movie you're trying to make. /me opens wallet, hands over monies. hope you make it, only 100,000 from being 1/4 the way there!
what does the $250 "invite to the backer's thank you screening" feature? is this access to one of the screenings in ny, chicago, and london? or a separate screening?
come to toronto for an advance screening! would definitely pledge for a pair of tickets :)
i am happy to back you in this! i love love garden state as well as the amazing soundtrack. i respect you wanting to do this how you want, and i know you will meet your goals and bring to life an awesome movie!
if only i were more than a broke student, and could finance more than a mere $5. good luck, but by the look of things, you should easily make your mark. keep up the amazing work
couldn't be more stoked for this. my fiance and i are huge zb fans, and really can't wait to see this project realized.
i love zach braff movie so happy to be able to help support this one.
just donated a humble $10 to the film, yet when i watch it at the cinema of course i will tell/shout at people, 'i financed this!', very happy to be part of this project in a small way
$60 your way. the video you made for this was amazing. having fasion and parsons in the movie will be awesome. very excited for this to happen.
i'm sure you all will do a great job on the film!  couldn't give much but hopefully it helps!
so happy to see this project, and more than happy to support it. good luck and i hope this works, you  could actually change the way movies get made if this works and the movie is successful (i really don't see any reason why it wouldn't be.)
can't wait for this!
my wife and i love this. i just started introducing her to scrubs, and we're fans of garden state. while we're coming for the chicago premiere, we live in indianapolis think you should come here as well. it's a big city, and we get skipped too often. otherwise: go zach go! (also, there is nothing wrong with absinthe.)
we just watched garden state recently, and were wondering when we would see a followup for you. this was an easy project to back, and we wish you lots of luck! can't wait to see it.
i was listening to the garden state soundtrack this morning when i came across this. i can't wait for the new movie and also the new soundtrack!
love the concept of supporting the making of films like this... wish i could give more to the project right now... but $40 to see an online viewing and other awesomeness?  this nerd is cool with that.  best of luck!  hope this gets the go.
my boyfriend & i donated £110 each for the london screening but did so on separate accounts. will we still be able to sit together? can't wait for september 2014 & to see this all coming together!
i can't wait, i've been jonesing for a new zb project for awhile now!
bring the film to sxsw so i can come to a screening! you rock, vanilla bear!
any chance of adding another $200 spot for chicago? i've already pledged for the $100 showing, but would love to bring my wife!
this is happening, zach. i can't wait! thank you and keep up the good work!
i would definitely love to see a premiere in orlando or tampa! there are some great theatres and awesome fans in florida!
couldn't make a huge pledge but did what i could, i loved garden state and the soundtrack and know this project will be just as amazing. good luck!!
backed! so happy to help. can't wait to see the final result! :)
happy to be backing you on this project!
nice to see another fresca fan.
i am already excited for this movie, this will be funded in no time! though i currently backed $110 for the london screening, i'd love to see one in vienna! you know what a beautiful city vienna is, zach, so hopefully enough people will support one to make a screening happen here! i'm glad i can be part of your project, helping you make your thoughts become a reality!
dallas would have been a great idea to include the southern folk.
what about an advance film screening and q&a in paris ? i backed 110$ and i will see you in london but i would love to see you in paris !!! (and i noticed you have the french poster of garden state ^^)
yay, can't wait to see the movie! i'd like to suggest a screening in central europe, maybe munich or vienna, i 'd up my pledge gladly!
this was a no-brainer for me! i absolutely loved garden state and cannot wait to see what's coming next! i'd be very surprised if this wasn't funded by the end of the day.
backed!  cast meth for another cameo if you can!  super stoked to see another zb creation!
just backed $200. would love if a dc premiere was added. or another nyc one.
i'm so excited for this. garden state is my favorite movies and scrubs will always be one of the funniest shows :) i can't wait to see you in chicago!! :)
i hope this project works out - i'm really excited for it!
huge fan of gs and the soundtrack. this whole concept of going around the big studios and bringing your vision of the product to the big screen is a wonderful idea. the vision should shape the product and not the hollywood money.
garden state was quite a quite good movie and your passion in doing this your way deserve my trust. now after whis i was here you should right something you can film in portugal, and if you need help i can back you with the logistics :)
just pledged $175! would love it if there was an atlanta screening and q&a for this!
i agree with suzie!! toronto screening would be wonderful!!!!!
i, too, am a huge garden state, the last kiss, and the high cost of living fan. particularly the last kiss at this stage in my life.  so, thank you for a) working on what will surely be an amazing piece of art b) allowing us to be a small part of that, as i am sure managing this campaign is going to be a lot of work on top of your everyday life and filming a movie (we just did a campaign ourselves and i know the hours poured into ks between responding to people to logistics of shipping internationally) c) that shirt-color scrubs reference. yeah, i see what you did there.  i'm glad i get to make up for missing your gs q&a at bonnaroo a couple years ago (who knew getting there an hour early wouldn't be enough to secure a spot?) and i will see you in l.a.! oh, and will all the prints from $175 and up be signed? i assumed they would, but we all know what assuming does.
heard about this while listening to kroq this morning. i'm glad to be a part of this! good luck! it sounds great!
i didn't actually like garden state that much, but the pitch video made me laugh out loud multiple times. my money's yours.
awesome introduction and great fanservice with those guest appearances ;-) loved garden state and really hope you'll be able to do this!
great pitch video zach! i have no doubt you'll make your goal. i was very disappointed not to find a download or dvd pledge level; i don't know enough about the biz' to address your fears about distributors and "first run" rights, but i know it's only getting easier to distribute movies these days, so i hope you can find a way to make a drm-free download or dvd reward possible.
..just take all my money already.
thanks so much for the opportunity to help you. i wish you peace and lots and lots of money!!
first time ever backing on kickstarter. i am so looking forward to hearing what music you choose.  peace.
i'll see you in new york zach! thank you for making a movie thats honest and real without compromising your vision. i can't wait to see the final product! (hooch is still crazy!)
seconded the idea for a screening in atlanta!
you have so many fans, i'm sure you will raise the funds you need in less time that you expect. i'm glad to be a part of this and i wish you all the best!
zach, during summer of 2004, i got to attend a press screening of "garden state" with you in attendance for a post-screening q&a. similar to how sam tells large that it will change his life, watching "garden state" and learning a bit of your story making the film inspired me to become a filmmaker and changed my life. i was honored to have a chance to get to meet you back then, and i am proud to be a backer on this next film of yours. cheers!
request for screening in atlanta! i will gladly up my pledge for that:) and it will be great for our budding movie industry.
this is sooo great!! so happy to be able to help. i was about to sell my kidneys to try and get $10,000 but it was gone. >.<
very exciting news!! can i make a request for a screening in toronto? show us canadians some love! :)
zach, if you drew something on a napkin i would fund it!  thank you for this opportunity.
this project is already taking off!  i checked on it when i first heard about it early this morning, and looked now and it is skyrocketing toward 300k in mere matter of hours.  i didn't need much more incentive than hearing what you are hearing zack (musically) as i know you have great taste.  this is the future of how movies should be made.  can't wait to attend the premiere.  i have no creative input because i know you will succeed with this campaign and with production on your own.  as i watch, this campaign is like a news ticker of money, it is very inspiring.
very excited to be a part of this project!  garden state had a heavy influence on my early 20s and i can't wait (as i approach my 30s) to have a new influential film!
huge fan of yours! i'm so happy to be a part of this, best of luck to you! :)
so excited! can't wait to follow along!
good luck zach, continue to move on with your ideas. i believe in your passion, creativity and ideas. can;t wait to see your film!
first thing i backed, so i made sure picked a good one. good luck!
i'm in - love your stuff zach. love the idea, the tech - wish you the best man!!!
i'm in
$250,000 in five hours....mr. braff, you may be writing the next chapter in kickstarter history.
so glad to be a part of this, and what a fantastic way to get it moving with kickstarter.  judging by the rate of pledges rolling in i am far from the only one who feels this way.  go forth and create.  "he's  gonna be trouble..... but he's just so damn talented....."
good luck boys!!!
good luck with the project zach! may we suggest music for the movie should it get past 2k or you already have your setlist? anyway, you probably know this band, but they've been in my mind since i started listening. london grammar, they have an excellent sound, have a listen! https://soundcloud.com/londongrammar
worth every penny! can't wait.
hi zach, i really hope this will work and i'm pretty sure it will. quick question : if your get way more than $2,000,000 do you have some ideas you can add to your project ?
good luck braff brothers, from a die-hard scrubs/garden state fan!
i know how hard it is to fund films, i'm a film student myself. good luck!
Удачи Зак! Знай Россия Тебя поддержит! И будет еще лучше, если вступишь в свою фан-группу в Вконтакте http://vk.com/scrubsofficial Мы будем очень рады и признательны тебе.
i am a huge fan of scrubs and i loved garden state, proudly backing this project and wish you the best. if the pledge to be in the movie hadn't gone so fast i was seriously considering starting my own kickstarter to raise the funds for it :) lol. p.s. sorry about all the negative feedback about this project on reddit, if you haven't figured it out already they are a timid bunch that will flip on you in a second
and i would love to see josh hartnett in wish i was here! he's a brilliant actor but so underrated!
looks great so good luck!
what a wonderful idea....i pledged...good luck!!!
happy to do my bit to help. =) want all the levels but only afford the one. here's friendly suggestion on music though: loves it! http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/lovesit/the-second-album-from-loves-it-all-we-are… i know i'm pimping my friends (they're not really my friends but they are fantastic musicians and they stayed at our house once) but they are worth it. like your work, i believe in them. give them a listen when you're auditioning sound for the film. thanks! c
this looks terrific and best of luck with your movie, zach. please consider adding an advanced screening in toronto. it's lovely here in september and hey! that's when the toronto film festival happens every year! synergy!
can't wait to see wish i was here at my local cinema... and to feel the softness of this soft as kitten taint t-shirt. thank you for trusting us :)
good luck, zach! can't wait to see the movie!!
good luck zach! great to see the bigger film projects appearing on crowdfunding sites - i agree that it has huge potential, but every new platform needs pioneers who are willing to accept the challenge of the unknown and try something new. regarding the rewards, i initially wanted a dvd option, but i've seen your response in the faq and i understand. i'd jump at an advance screening in melbourne if you get enough of a push for that. as for the film itself, please be creative - and liberal! - in your interpretation of the term 'cameo' when it comes to donald ;) and of course, now that you've put it out there, i'd love to see a 'pool boy' gag in there somewhere! ok, ok, i'll shut up now and let you make your movie :-)
way to go zach! keep up the great work. i love your ambition! =)
can you add an option where we get the dvd once it's released?  i know this won't be until 2015 but i think we can all wait for that knowing we'll be getting it as well.
this is so amazing. good luck, zach!
i didn't even have to know what the movie was about, before backing. there is just no way of zach braff failing my expectations! by now i've read the story, and i'm intrigued. zach, maybe you should facebook connect your kickstarter profile. you know, for the paranoid ;-)
garden state est un film extraordinaire. je n'ai aucun doute sur la qualité de la suite et en tant que fan de zach braff je n'ai pas pu résister. j'aurais cependant aimé pouvoir mettre plus !!
for about 45 minutes i was calling up everyone i knew asking for $10,000. they all thought i was crazy.  now that's gone, i can breathe but damn how cool would it have been. when you see something great, you always wanted to be apart of it.
i have no doubt that your movie will be just great and that's why i've pledged 50$ for your new movie ! i wish i could come to one of the screening in the us or even london but that's a little expensive for me ;) best of luck! a huge fan from paris, france.
backed with $100. love me some zach braff
he's finally making "dr. acula".
i would agree with several of these comments: it would be nice to be able to buy two tickets (to paradise) a preview show; one for me and one for my lovely spouse who threatens to cheat on me if she ever meets you, zach. :p
good luck zach, i hope that this works out for you and can't wait to see the brilliant movie you make. see you in london baby!
mr. braff, you had my curiosity, now you have my attention!
huge fan, zach. good luck!
@danielle - that's great!
ok just a 100$ for now (and coming especially from france for the screening :d) but i'll try to save more in the coming months if needed (would love the name in the set or to come to the premiere, so i'm gonna save up for that :) good luck ! )
hey everyone!  just made a blog to keep track of all the news about this movie...here's the link: wishiwasherenews.tumblr.com i'm still working on the look and all that but i thought i'd let people know it's there!  check it out in a little while, it'll all be set up =d
pledged, what a super idea! sod the money people. delighted to put a little dosh towards something that is potentially so worth while. garden state, all time favourite film. after years of watching this continuously until i could relish in all new people last year i now get to look forward to another slice of braff. really hope this hits the $2m mark. will be watching this page every day for the next 30 from essex, uk! excited. best of luck. x
backed with 125, love him...
just backed this project. good luck from stockholm!
so excited to be a part of this! wish you could have some scrubs cameos (like hooch or janitor).
congrats can't wait for the movie - made the braff way!
i want jim parsons as your sexy pool boy best friend!
is it possible to pledge twice or double the amount and choose the screening and q&a twice to get two tickets?
part of the project with my 100 ! hoping it will lead to what you want :)
hope this all goes well, huge fan of garden state and this film sounds lovely too! if you add a screening to sydney or melbourne in australia, i'd up my pledge for that as well.
can't tell you how happy i am you didn't sign that deal :) also, pleasepleaseplease do a screening sydney, australia!
is it possble to back the film twice, because i want two tickets to the new york screening? any help would be great, thanks
needless to say i enjoy your work both in comedy (scrubs), drama (garden state, high cost of living) or theater. i'm not a "chase them and ask for an autograph" type of fan, but i appreciate the characters that you build and i hope you stay closer to the artistic side of the cinema industry.
italy's in  <3
we need more smart, personal films like this. happy to be a part of it.
i love you zach braff.
new frontiers are hard to come by these days.
i enjoyed 'garden state' so much. its such a masterpiece. no doubt that your new movie will disappoint people. best wishes from germany.
garden state is an amazing film and i am very happy to be a tiny part of your next project. looking forward to "wish i was here" !!! greetings from greece!
dear zach, 'garden state' spoke to me so much and i have watched it so many times. i love the sound of the new film and can't wait to hear a bit more of what is inside your head. after i saw 'all new people' in london last year we all waited outside for you and you came out and signed so many autographs and the lady next to me said that you did that every night. you are genuine and amazing and so dedicated to your fans and for those reasons i am honoured to be able to support you. i have no doubt you will get the money you need. with all best wishes, jenny
needs more donald faison
when i applied to the film editing program here at uncsa, they asked me. "what film inspired you the most" without hesitation i responded, 'garden state' -- i joke to this day that this was the reason i was put on the wait list and not immediately enrolled....they were clearly looking for classic cinema references... four years later, i'm graduating. top of my film class' picture editing program. and this project is the perfect button to my time here. i sincerely hope this film gets made, it deserves the support of many. garden state impacted me on a huge level...both personally and professionally. best of luck to you! glad to be a small part of it.
the folks here in sydney, australia would be quite keen for a preview screening here! we'd even, like, buy you dinner and flowers and assorted malted beverages of your own choosing.
we need zach braff!!!! more zach braff, so much more!
shut up and take my money :d
sounds like a fab movie, happy to support you!
you in blue and donald in green ;-)
looks awesome, got my backing. best of luck!
just backed the project. good luck from paris, france!
done. much love from the philippines! eaaaaaaaaaaaaagle
mate, do an advance screening in sydney, australia and i'm pretty sure you'll sell out that pledge.
this is a wonderful idea, birthday gift for the missus sorted, she will be thrilled as she saw your movie like 6 times in the theater, 2004, bringing sets of friends to see it.  she will be happy to be at the london screening q&a session. :)
just the video promo earned my pledge. good luck
awesome. done!
i'll probably up my pledge in a couple of weeks but unfortunately, as i'm still a student, i won't be able to give as much as this project deserve... i've been waiting for ages for you to make another garden state-like movie so i'm thrilled to be able to contribute! i've been a fan since the first season of scrubs and been following you (not in the streets, mind) ever since! i even went all the way to london to see your amazing play. :) i hope we'll be able to reach the $2.000.000 goal, i'll be sure to let my friends know!
i've never backed anything before but as an aspiring film-maker, fresh out of university (and huge garden state fan of course), i had to be a part of it! sod those money people, make something you'll be proud of :) love from the uk!
take my $100 and make something awesome. *kisses*
i'm so excited about this!  how big will the art prints be and will they be on nice paper?  also if you could have a screening in raleigh/durham, nc or somewhere in that area i would be there in a heartbeat!
i would personally like my pledge money to go to tiny doggy trainers and squeaky bones for the gorgeous furry intern.
can't wait to see this! i seriously wish i had $5k so you could touch my leg but seeing the premiere in london will have to do!
good luck, zach - from everyone at www.firstandlexington.com
just pledged! exciting to be a part of this project, even a small one!
can't wait to see this movie. saw this on facebook and had to check it out. pledged to you, good luck! you'll make it - you've got heaps of support already.
well, no proposal today. this is nice, too ;)
happy to see this project moving forward. i'm a huge zb fan. can't wait for him to get started on this.
come to philadelphia please!!!!
my first kickstarter. i couldn't throw money at the computer fast enough. i probably should have used notes instead of coins though. really hoping for a screening here in oz (see what i did there?), but i'll settle for a sexy pool boy scene with jim parsons.
happy to back this project. if there's anyone i'd want to help out, it's you zach.
as juno jakob said, i want to see my name on the credits too!!! please, backers on the credit!!
really excited to be backing this. any chance of a screening and q&a in australia though?
w00t!! i've backed you here from london!!  wishing you all the very best of luck with the project :)
please add a kickstarter credit section in the movie. would be great to see our names on the movie.
i've never heard of kickstarter (well in austria i guess we don't have that kind of stuff) and i'm not surprised that the first time i heard about it, is through zach braff. this is so "zach braff" that i simply had to support it. looking forward to seeing you in london (although it would be great not to have to go alone, so if you could just make it a plus one... ;))
a week ago i heard from colin hay during his live show what a nice guy you were to him and how you helped him get his music out. i know the soundtrack for this will be amazing. i was looking for a digital download for the soundtrack but i'll take the streaming :)  good luck and much love from turkey.
hey zach, $40,000 in 30mins... things are looking good!
man, i'm in :)
hey zach, do it brother, make it happen!
love from syria!
first project on kickstarter i am backing. so happy i to be a part of it. i have no doubt you will raise more than enough money to fund it.
10 dollars for you... loved garden state!! good luck from spain :):)
who would of thought that crappy right hand side bar on facebook would prove to be so inspiring. for this is were i spotted zaks name, hovered my mouse over his greatness and thus perchanced apon his kickstart campaign. love love love garden state and the brief synopsis zak has given us in regards to wish i was here makes me giddy with expectation. can not wait to see it zak.
much love from france zach, first pledge but i know i won't regret it ! and seriously, how awesome would it be to see jim and you in a new film, maybe even donald !
just backed. zach, can you still shoot a "sexy pool boy" scene with jim for eventual dvd extras? pleeeeease.
can you add a pledge lever that's admission for 2 to the nyc screening?
i love you a f*ck ton for doing this. it could only have been zach braff!
are the higher tiered rewards with any signed things? (i'm on the $250 pledge, just wandering if that makes me eligible for anything signed! not that i mind either which way.)
i'm so happy to back this project! love from melbourne, australia
i would love to see not only a signed dvd but also a signed blu-ray as a pledge reward.
"garden state" is among the 5 best movies i've ever seen in my life, this is so going to happen!!!
garden state was such an extraordinary film - i'm glad to be of whatever small help i can in helping you to realise another dream, and in turn blessing us with another great film!
first pledge ever, but i felt that i just had to! best of luck to you!
oh my god yes! video introduction had me sold as soon as it started and garden state is a great movie. looking forward to this!
oh my god i'm giving this my all, i want to support zach to the max. please let's get this made. and a signed copy of garden state is going to be a treasure!!
absolutely worth supporting. i've never backed anything on kickstarter before, but garden state made me feel something when i was numb. i wish had more money to give, but i need to eat to live.
i have been a huge fan of your work zach and loved garden state.  i am more than happy to help fund your follow up.  hope everything goes well and this movie gets made!
garden state is one of my favorite films and i loved scrubs and some of your other movies. i've never backed a project until now. see you in london! :)
anything for a south orange boy - loved garden state and my daughter got a huge kick out of you at soms. good luck with the project, it's nice to show my kids that you can be creative to keep your standards.
this i will pay up for! hope to see your movie in london soon, and it will be even grater than the garden state - im sure!
i check kickstarter regularly and have never backed a project... until now! dun, dun, dunnn. i hope you make this film exactly the way you plan to. good luck, zach.
it's amazing to watch the number of backers go up and up...this is a great idea and i hope it will work out!! plus i am really looking forward to the soundtrack :) wishing  you lots of success!
i loved garden state and i am thrilled that you are making a follow-up. love and a small contribution from the netherlands!
can't give much but i've done what i can. i sincerely hope that everything you wish for regarding this film happens. you deserve it, zach!
zach, i saw garden state at sundance oh so many years ago and was able to speak to you afterwards to talk about the film and tell you how impressed i was with the writing. i am proud to help back your next film project and look forward to the nyc screening next year when i can see what i am confident will be another success. thanks for letting us be part of your project.
