hi renrick please see a video with instruction on how to remove your quad lock case. http://youtu.be/tgwzsglzinq thanks
hi rob ward & chris peters. is there a trick for me to remove my iphone from the quadlock case? i'm having a really really hard time removing my iphone....please help!
excellent product, well done and thanks.
great product. have been using it for weeks on a vespa motocycle. works just great. may i suggest you adaptthe bycicle version to flat surfaces?
just saying- i love my quad lock, but it is almost impossible to get my iphone out of the case! consider fixing that if you ever make future models. its extremely frustrating.
it's over a week past my projected delivery date and i still haven't recieved mine. i sent an e-mail and haven't heard back
just got mine today! very very nicely done. very clean, very sleek. going to try and mount it on the dashboard later. thanks!!!
i got it. it's awesome. i love it. thank you.
thanks! :)
nice video sal...
randall, if its the bike mount you need to push the blue collar down to release. aaron, yes we'll be sending out the extra mounts to those that have pledged extra shortly.
i got the quad lock!   i like the green color.  here is a video of it strapped to my streetstrider http://www.youtube.com/watch…
i got my quadlock and i locked it into mount just cant get it to release. any clues to why its so hard to get it to release?
are you guys shipping the extra mounts people ordered later? you asked on the survey what the extra money was for. am i the only one?
looks like mine will get here today !!
arrived today. nice job on the packaging too. awesome!
cheers kirdan jericho, send us an email and well send you the details requested, info@annexproducts.com
thanks, guys. the look of it is fantastic! keep the designs coming!
hi rob and chris, hi john and vitor, regarding shipment package of the quad lock $60 pledge, i would like to ask for the dimensions of the box/packaging in inches and the max weight of the per unit package in lb or kg asap. thanks so much!
hey kirdan, we're on the same page. we're just trying to figure out a way to integrate the pro lock but keep it low profile as we want to to be secure on the arm band. cheers chris
i've come to the conclusion that i would greatly benefit from the convenience of having a quadlock armband mounting system. just a suggestion, but i doubt i'm the only one. thanks—can't wait for this case to arrive!!
hi jerico  we'd love to be able to ship on time, however things don't always go to plan and delays can and do happen, especially when you are manufacturing a new product. as you say you have experienced delays on other kickstarter projects, its just part of the process of manufacturing cool new products. we're hoping to deliver the goods within four months of the project being funded which if you ask kickstarter is pretty quick. we're doing everything we can to speed up the process and appreciate that you guys are patiently waiting for them.
please stick to the shipment date for a lot of backers like me do experience similar delays in a lot of kickstarter projects. it kills the anticipation and the excitement dies down with the interest in the product until a new cheaper made in asia counterpart comes along
hey joe we're hoping for a mud april shipment date
any news on the shipping date?
its 68 degree here today, i wanna ride w/ a quad lock!! where are you quad lock, my iphone awaits your safety.
provided people actually recycle it. you don't have to worry about that using a biodegradable material like thickened (perhaps recycled) paper.
hi adrian, its pet and its fully recyclable.
is plastic really the best material to be used for packaging?
any updates on when these will be shipping?
so i know this is a stupid question but did i miss the survey regarding reward selection?
sounds like an awesome trip bryon. you should have your quad lock by then but unfortunately the poncho won't make it in time for the trip. make sure you post some photos of your trip on out facebook page
fingers crossed here. am taking 4000 mile motorbike ride in mid-april, and would love to have my iphone locked onto the handlebars. a poncho would be a bonus. keep on truckin'.
we're looking into it. the tooling costs for the poncho are much higher than we originally thought so we might have to kickstart it. we'll keep you posted.
so wait do we get the ponchos? or is that something that we have to fund on another project? thanks!
still looking like march as planned
hi gents, any update on an eta for  these little gems? i'm eagerly awaiting my delivery.... m@
congratulations on meeting your funding goal and rock on. 666 backers, mark of the beast and all that \m/
i own openacase and the only thing i don't like about this quadlock is that it isn't compatibile with openacase. i would love to have opena quadlock 'coz i don't want to change case when i go on my bike.
@ aaron and anthony -from what i understand you when the survey comes you can specify what you want with the extra money you donated.
sorry if that sounded rude. i forget my manners sometimes. thanks guys!
i'd like to know the answer to anthony adames question also.
ah that's a little more complicated. best bet would be to order another bike set or wait until we are selling the bike mount on its own through our website.
hi guys, one quick question, another q was about the extra amount $ needed for an extra flat mount...what would it be for an extra bike mount? i want one for my bicycle and my motorcycle! great project looking forward to the day it arrives!  cheers
hi guys,  made my pledge but at no stage did it ask for a delivery address... is this something you obtain later down the track when the product is ready?
great project guys!!! just wanted to know if i have done this correctly, pledged $95 for standard set, deluxe set, and a pair of extra flat mounts. is it safe to assume that i will be able to specify this later in the survey?
hey len there is a thin layer of rubber on the bottom of the mount. this will absorb a small amount of vibration but it you need more you can always add a piece of foam under it before you attach the mount.
woohoo!! first backed project! this invention is awesome! congratulation guys, all the best and i can't wait to get my quad lock!
does the bike mount have a layer of material that absorbs shocks?  would be helpful for mountain biking, and, where i live in western wyoming usa, for absorbing the harsh bumps of cattle guards that cross some of the roads i ride. best wishes for a terrific launch of the product.
(it didn't say)
am i correct in assuming i'm supposed to be adding $15 for shipping to sweden on the kickstarter limited edition level?
hi guys, lovee this product. i've gone through way too many iphone bike mounts that were just not worth the money. my suggestion for an add-on would be an extending-arm for the car. this would allow users to adjust the hight & positioning of the phone. in my case, my dash is entirely curved (honda civic) so placing the quad lock on my dash would face my phone upwards. a small extending arm would very easily resolve this issue (quad lock slim for the dash [sleekness] , female one end and male on the other of the arm). anyways, those are my two cents, can't wait to get my hands on this. mike from montreal.
something that should be simple to add. what are the ideas of also making a belt clip to attach to the back.  since the cases are full front and back the front would be somewhat protected.  i don't always like keeping the phone in my pocket.
just mocked up a very rough prototype of an ipad version. it works ok but only if the lock is very securely fastened to the wall. the additional leverage the ipad creates is a problem with the small area of the lock. we'll have to do some more testing to see how it performs.
to use my tablet with the same lock system? god yes. its a no brainier, with this thing going over the goal, to research into a ipad case that would work with the system. you would have another part of the market and cure the headache that most people are frustrated with. i'm not sold on the female adhesive. unless it worked. if its a afterthought and came off as gimmicky then i wouldn't be interested.
we're testing the strength for an ipad mount next week so we'll let you know how it goes. we're also looking at an adhesive female quad lock that could be stuck on other devices such as phones (obviously non iphone4's) and tablets etc to allow them to work with the quad lock system. would something like this be useful to you guys?
per anthem  crowd's comment, it would be absolutely sweet if the flat mounts and tube mounts would be compatible with (and have the weight capacity for) an ipad version... or heck, even other device-specific (or generic) device cases.  that would be such a killer goal both technically and from a marketing standpoint.... same mounts, interchangeable devices you could slap on.  obviously, the flat mounts would have to use the more semi-permanent screw-through-the-middle attaching methodology (unless you can find a clean-remove adhesive that will support the weight of an ipad).  i would certainly be down for exactly such a product suite with interchangeable mounts, but.... i'm guessing rob and chris may already be secretly on top of this.... (if not, i'll be sending my address for royalty checks - j/k).
are you guys planning a ipad case as well to use the same system?
hi craig we're still investigating different mounting tapes. we'll look into the 3m command strips and see how they perform. cheers for the feedback chris
as far as adhesives go for the st flat mounts, what about using the 3m command adhesive strips?  these are intended as refills for the hooks and other command products, but i but they could be leveraged for other purposes like this.  you've all seen the commercials how they stick to the wall and then you pull down on the tab and the adhesive layer stretches downward and removes cleanly.  here is a link to the 3m site with all the different refill types/sizes:  http://bit.ly/tomj0r
adam, all mounting options will be available for individual sale once the kickstarter project is complete.
hi anthem 1. we'll be definately making a case for any future iphones.  2. we are still looking into available adhesive tapes. the one we are considering is a vhb tape which can be removed using heat from a heat gun.  3. replacement parts will be available for purchase from wwww.quadlockcase.com once the kickstarter project is complete... and successfully funded of course.
1- will you offer cases that will fit future iphones. i ask because this wont ship until near summer when the iphone 5 will get announced. 2- if i attach the mount to my dash how much damage will the lock do when i try to remove it? 3- will you offer replacement parts on a website once the product is launched? great idea and thank you :)
i see so many people riding there pushbikes with headphones in and this is not a good thing, this will fix that problem once and for all. people will be able to enjoy there ride and some tunes as well, wy not even take a call or two....... brilliant now all i have to do is decide which one i want on, the opena or quad lock...... i know, quad lock mon-fri and opena sat-sun.......
will extra bar mounts be available?
after a night of searching for perfect mount for my bike, i stumbled upon this. backed immediately and spreading the word! hope to be using the quad lock come spring!
hi rob and chris,  thanks for the info regarding adding more st flat mounts.  i just increased my pledge accordingly.  along the same subject, since the flat mounts do not come with mounting hardware (beyond the adhesive layer), is there a recommended screw type/size that will best fit the mount and it's countersunk hole? there's obviously going to be an ideal head size, though the length would obviously depend on what you are semi-permanently screwing into.  thanks!
hey vincent if you want extra flat mounts just increase your pledge. every $10 gets you 2 extra mounts. just remember to let us know you've pledged for more mounts when we send around the survey. thanks chris
you guys should post on how to purchase more st flat mounts! not sure it's something everyone needs, but i was definitely interested in knowing.
after test-riding the prototype, i'm on board for the production model. good job fellas!
thanks for the feed back guys. the prototypes have performed way beyond our expectations so the production parts are going to be even better! if it could hang on a plane wing at over 350km/h i think it will be fine on a motor bike ;)! cheers chris and rob
hanging for something like this to use on my motorbike! if the opena is anything to go by, this will be bang on perfect!
this looks to be a fantastic product, and as an avid cyclist, i can't wait to get one on my bike! well done, rob and chris!
