i still havent recieved my books yet, could i get an update please?
books arrived (australia) and i love them! super pleased with how well you guys managed this, kept us updated and delivered. if only all kickstarter projects ran this smoothly :)
i got my books a few days ago but don't seem to have gotten the additional copy i pledged extra for, not sure if i screwed up in the survey or what. tried the contact button but i'm not sure if it got lost in the spam filter either.
i wish ironspike ran every kickstarter campaign.  these projects are pushed through swiftly, updates are often and the finished product is always marvelous.  i am truly in awe by the way you make every other kickstarter feel/seem incompetent.
books arrived today. thanks!
physical book arrived a couple of days ago in denver.  yay!  i like it.
physical book arrived in atlanta, ga today.  looks great!
xenatos: if you haven't already, email me at ironcircus at gmail.com, i'll get you sorted.
the following error code is what i get. invalidaccesskeyid the aws access key id you provided does not exist in our records.
the owl is giving me problems...i can't download the pdfs.
the pdf arrived the day after my girlfriend decided to go to europe for her birthday.  great timing! :)
check the latest update! pdfs have been sent out!
hi! is there any update about the pdfs?
excited for poorcraft's second installment. even more excited to give away the add-on copies i've ordered.
huzzah!  awesome rides again!
best news i've seen all day! congrats spike!
congratulations! looking forward to seeing the final product.
so excited for this book! the art, the stories, it's just overall exciting. one of my friends let me borrow her copy of the original poorcraft and i read it and have now turned several other friends to the book. such a great book, and as someone who is starting to plan a trip, this book with be amazing to have.
really looking forward to this! i'm a huge fan of diana nock's art in particular. will any of her comics be a part of the 30k stretch goal too?
so glad to be a part of another ks. :) i'm so pleased to see you working on another fabulous book! any time i see your name on a project, i know i can trust that it will be thoughtfully put together and of great quality. thanks for all of your hard work, spike!
hi, the project seems fun! can you please tell me more about the international shipping? what option did you chose? thanks!
been a silent stalker of ryan estrada since travel anywhere on $20 a day! i know this will be great!
hell yeah, 100% funded!  can't believe i'll have the two books in just two months!
have you guys considered having the sleep of reason and/or smut peddler books as add-ons? pledges would definitely boost.
thanks, john! this is so much fun to read the comic, because i wrote it 2 years ago and totally forgot what happens next! i was a poorcraft 1 fan boy, and wanted to write a full-length travel guide anyway, so this was a dream project for me!
six years ago i registered for kickstarter just so i could back the first poorcraft book, so backing this was a no-brainer. looking forward to seeing the stretch goals!
great project!  good choice, securing ryan estrada as the writer for this. funding progress here: http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/ironspike/poorcraft-wish-you-were-here/
fun project. glad to support it! will the pdf's for the first book be made available before the new one? i assume it's easier to deal with everything at once, but i figured i'd ask.
i read the first book of this with great pleasure. while it told me little i didn't already know, it revealed the info in a very engaging way! happy to be backing my fellow mcad alum diana nock!
ah book 1 was really enjoyable!! i'm excited for book 2!
