cclpay not ccplay, sorry
i got it i got it i got it
my doodler arrived through the snowstorm on the east coast! ^_^ too bad it's an anniversary gift and i can't open it for another two weeks. :/
i'm also a dec backer and have not recieved an email or my pen.  emailed cs several times with no response!
squeee!   its at the post office and i get to pick it up tonight!
confusion: was this thing supposed to ship with a dessicant, since a) its winter and everything gets wet, and b) filament is water sensitive?
i have checked my tracking code with the shipping company, parcelforce, and it says my parcel number has expired. however, i still have not received my package nor any email related to my package since last one on 9th dec. 2013. it has been over a month and a new year has begun but i still have not received my 3doodler. what shall i do in this case?
i have the same issue as jel nik, no product and no emails regarding shipment.
has the survey been sent out for the jan shipment yet? i need to change my address if it has.
i got mine today, delivered to london.  i had the cclpay thing arrive in my spam folder at the start of the week but based on comments here i went ahead and paid.  a couple of days later it's arrived!
hi, i still did not receive my 3doodler, although i was an very early backer (cant't find the category just now). you also did not respond to my requests via kickstarter. how can i contact you? dieter baurecht
last night i received an email from sean gillespie regarding having not received my package for the december backer. he included a tracking number (that he indicated got lost). the tracking shows delivered at 11:19am on saturday december 28. as it turns out, i was home that entire day and dhl never rang our buzzer. our home is behind a locked security gate. where this package went or was actually delivered is anybody's guess. we never received the package and i have relayed such to sean. additionally, there was no signature required as part of the delivery. i will keep you up to date when i hear back from sean as to what the company is going to do for me to resolve this issue.
hi, i was a november backer and finally got mine today ! :) however, i also had troubles with the swiss customs like @lady li isings and @res..  my package was stuck until i provided the kickstarter and amazon confirmation, and i had to pay an extra 43 chf (~$47). that included the vat, but also 13 chf for examination/assessment of value/... so, i just hope you will provide all the required informations and paperwork for the next packages, because that money could be spent differently ;)
i got an e-mail from the customs clearance ltd (uk) to pay an extra 35 $ to get the package (3d pen). my anticipation is gone.
i have sent many emails this past week and have heard nothing! i do not have a tracking number nor my pen. does anyone know who or how to contact someone?
i received an email from customers for an additional payment too. :(
i did the upgrade but only received 75 strands. the nozzle leaks as one side has a gap. the filament slips requiring me to push on the filament to get it to extrude. are these normal issues? i've left pictures on google plus under #3doodler.
i'm a january backer and received mine today in australia. all looks good, but yet to try it out. in regard to customs - no issue here. the package was labelled with the usd value. thanks!
hacked off! courier left the package at the front of my house. not there when we returned home. this was 10 days ago and i can't get a reply from customer services as to what is going on to solve the problem! i am out of pocket by over £80 after having paid for the pen, the import duty and then the fee they charge to work out how much import duty to charge you! please can someone help me sort this mess out?
i'm a november 2013 backer and received mine today in spain. it spent a lot of time in customs but i didn'g need pay nothing extra, but it's here now.
i'm from spain and the tracking number saya that my package is in lhr customs waiting for payment ,i didnt receive any mail, i think that this is uk customs, why should i pay uk taxes? vanesa, me harías el favor de contarme como lo has echo?
chris humphrey, please post if you make any headway. i had the same problem (see earlier post). the company washed their hands of it because dhl has a receipt saying it was delivered (but not to my address because i was here on the date and the time that it was "delivered". my guess dhl just dropped it at the wrong address. i contacted dhl and they failed to respond. 3 doodler has not responded anymore to my emails and kickstarter says its not their problem. i guess i hit the trifecta in the wrong way. i'm out $99usd with nothing to show for it. unfortunately i'm going to be out of communication with everybody for 3 weeks should there be any movement on this. i believe i have some legal options that i will look in to when i return mid february. good luck chris. let us know if you get anywhere with anybody.
i need to change the address for shipment of this (february backer), but have so far been unable to find out how to do this. could someone please help me change my address? thanks!
anyone else not get their full plastic upgrade?
my trakpak status says my pen is "out for delivery" today.  does that mean it should have come, cuz i've received nothing. seems a lot of people are having trouble with not receiving their pens.
i was supposed to receive 10 bags of plastic but only got 5 ! anyone else have this problem ?
i have the same issue as moe petrus and lady li isings. ten bags of plastic, each a different color, is listed in the $99 backer reward; but, i received only five bags of abs plastic, two "essentials" mixed packs, two "meta" mixed packs, and one "put on yo' shades" mixed pack. will the five remaining packs be sent later? will extra colors be sent to compensate for them missing? thank you.
@athena and moe, this has been mentioned a lot (in updates and comments).  the original 10 bags of 10 strands (10 colours and 100 strands total) was changed to 4 bags of 25 (10 colours and 100 strands total) for ease of packing, a bonus pack of 25 strands of metalic, glow in the dark etc was then added as a bonus.
hello there. i did not received my tracking code number (not in my inbox nor in spam folder). could you, please, send it once again?
my pen was never delivered by the courier you used and frankly your customer service to sort it out has been awfull. six emails and no answers. last e-mail pre christmas and nothing since. such a shame as i expected better.
hi, i am expecting my pen in february. thus far i have not even recieved a request for adress. please advise what are the timetables i should expect.
just go my doodler  looks very manageable small and light. i may need one extra for the pla ;) no pauses. im at work now so ofcourse another reason to be inching to get back home and try it out. january was  the eta for it so very happy. now for some creations. ps i seem to remember a post regarding veriations in your 'nibs' but cannot find the link. was i mistaken ?
i pledged for a january ship date, but i dont think i've even received an address request. what's up?
i haven't received a tracking code either...
i still have not received my pen.  i was scheduled for a january shipment.  i wasn't even sent any tracking details.  kindly update me on the same.  also is there an email address that i can write to for an update.
i star to see how kickstarter really works in the shadows, from your messages guys and also as another backer still waiting for his 3d pen: no one is answering from the side of the project here, neither from kickstarter, so after helping with our money a nice idea we're left alone waiting for something that probably will never arrive :( in my case it was a present for my son, which i have postponed twice and will probably have to change for something else... never again, at least here, i feel like a complete fool! enric
i sent a message via your website at the start of the week but so far there has been no response. i was excited to receive my 3 doodler but unfortunately it was dead on arrival. i would really like to get a working one.
i have not yet received my pen. please advise.
i didn't got an email for customs clearance - or my spam filter deleted it. where can i ask for customs clearance? vanesa: did your problem solved itself? for how long has the package been stuck?
still haven't seen a solution to why we are short plastic. was suppose to have x100 and only got three packs = x75. also leaky tip, is this a design flaw or defective product. pictures are on google plus under #3doodler.
you recently made ​​an international order from ebay platform, which has been sent by an approved called 'trakpak ™' service.  the reference number / package tracking is: internet retailer: aln limited  purchased items: 3d pen  total value: usd 99.90 to issue the shipment from customs, occurred import costs as detailed below. to proceed to the immediate delivery of your order, we need to pay these fees is made. payment must be submitted to customs clearance limited, the authorized customs agent trakpak ™. what's this? ebay? i can clarify this and because i have to pay 30 euros to a company that i know of? customs clearance limited
got the same e-mail as below. they want me to pay £21 to recieive the pen. you can forget it, give me my money back. kickstarter is a massive disappointment, this is the 2nd item i've had trouble with now.
sorry, the payment was declined. due to our policy against fraud, we can not accept payment based on billing information you have provided i did not put that data, i feel cheated!
sorry, the payment was declined. due to our policy against fraud, we can not accept payment based on billing information you have provided i did not put that data, i feel cheated!
i'm confused. got an e-mail from "ccl pay" as some other people here to pay for some customs? i'm in germany. is this some sort of scam? why the delivery from china? why to pay additional taxes in gbp and not usd? since i did expect something from "wobbleworks" im not happy to pay some "aln limited"
well we are at the 29 of january and still no updates for the january delivery.  where is the tracking number for the delivery?
i got my tracking details 2 weeks ago and it still says under shipment, left singapore via overseas at 15. january. does it really take 2-3 weeks for a ship to reach europe? don't understand the fuzz about customs, here in norway foregin orders over $32 are customed by a vat. how much depends on value and shipment. i just hope i get mine soon.
hi can you guys give me the status of my delivery, do not have any news from you guys. thanks
recieved mine yesterday even no updates on my tracking. guess the global tracking doesn't support tracking after getting into destination country. but although i am $99 backer who was going to get 10 bags of plastic, i just recieved 5. don't know why but i won't bother contacting you guys since you won't answer us either way.
never mind my comment below. the bag issue had been mentioned before and corrected, so no problem there. my bad...
