never tried it, but i don't see any reason it wouldn't work...   elmer' works well as you can rearrange for a bit after placing.
would hot glue work, or is that a bad idea?
classic elmer' works great.   avoid cheap white glue as it can leave a green residue.   elmer' dries clear if you use too much.
got mine last week. awesome job. now to fine ugly pennies.... what kind of glue you recommend for less mess. classic elmer's glue?
i got mine today in perfect condition! i'm excited to get gluing! =)
got mine in louisiana! looks great!  thanks for the fast shipping.  you also made my mother giddy. she collects pennies and loves getting a steel penny.
i got mine yesterday in northern illinois as well and definitely the fastest rewarded kickstarter i've ever been a part of! now to start getting pennies together!
i'm in the south burbs of chicago and i just got mine. kudos for the fastest reward of anything i pledged.
got mine too, thanks for the fast shipping!
just got mine!  raiding the piggy banks in 3... 2...
i'm planning to ship before the end of the month for the vast majority of orders.  there are a few credit cards that didn't go through and some addresses i haven't received, but the majority of these should ship rather quickly.
what's the eta for shipping? i'm looking at the survey and i don't know if i should put my current address or the one i am moving to on may 11th.
what about nicks and dimes. that should be next.
congrats!
just put in my $25 pledge. this is the first kickstarter i have done, all thanks to reddit! can't wait!!!
you know... i'm pretty sure you can change your pledge to $25 and then select the $25 tier reward (2 complete penny portraits.)   if that doesn't work, just drop me a line and i'll make a note to send you two of 'em.  i'm easy like that.
congrats on being funded! i got in for a $12 pledge but am thinking of adding an additional poster. i do not see that option. am i just not reading carefully enough?
congrats maury! i see $1,204 pledged right now which means fully funded with over a week left! i think this project has been a bit like a tortoise where slow and steady wins the race but i'm happy to see it fully funded. now to start finding the pennies, which i might actually have to get some rolls of because i really don't use cash much anymore. (scratch that $1,204 number, it went up to $1,229 as i was typing.)
your video is great! "it'll blow your mind." "do you love money? do you love america?" haha, great job! time to start collecting for my portrait!
ha, thank you very much!  it's been a lot of fun to put together.
saw you on reddit; as a patriotic american and a coin collector i love this concept!
found you on "kicking it forward".  looks like a fun art project to do with the kiddo!
great idea! finally something to do with all these pennies. can't wait to get them for the kids to put together!
