hi alex, i will send you a email about international shipping. cheers, chris.
hi, i still have not received my mug. please could you look into this?
never say never!
hi bruce, i have to agree with andrew when he said: "the only problem i have when traveling in my vehicle is the need to unscrew and reattach the lid as a drive, or stopped at traffic lights.  is it possible to make an aftermarket lid similar to the 'cheeki cup' push lid or a silicon lid similar to the 'keep cup'?" i'd certainly be willing to pay for one-handed-coffee-when-driving as i have to admit safety comes second after a good sip of coffee. i really doubt you'll be able to offer this, how would you ever recover your costs.  still, andrew's idea is excellent.
hi woo, shipping started july 2015 and finished august 2015. if you haven't received yours, it is because there is an outstanding issue - two possible issues are choosing an alternate color for blue because blue was cancelled, or paying international shipping. i will dig into your data and email you directly with the issue. we will get it sorted out quickly and get your press to you soon! best, chris.
where is mine? it's been too long a wait while others have been enjoying it. feeling pissed
we are always open to suggestions! this is a good idea for people who need one handed drinking over ultimate sealing. let me think about it... cheers, chris.
g'day bruce, i have been using my travel press for many months now... could i offer a suggestion? the only problem i have when traveling in my vehicle is the need to unscrew and reattach the lid as a drive, or stopped at traffic lights. is it possible to make an aftermarket lid similar to the 'cheeki cup' push lid or a silicon lid similar to the 'keep cup'? i believe that would make the travel press an even better product. regards, andrew
hi phill, i will email you directly. best, chris.
hi bruce, i still haven't received my espro. any chance you could please follow that up? phill
christopher - see direct email. best, chris.
hi brian, i still have not received mine. can you look into this please. many thanks chris
adam citizen - your order has definitely been sent - i will look up the tracking number.
are australian deliveries supposed to be complete by now?  i don't have anything yet...
thanks bruce, keep me posted. diarmid
remiam7 - thanks for your support! we have stock on our site, and we typically shipping out in under a week. if you bought from one of our resellers, it should be out quickly also.
bennylow - we have completed shipping - i will send you a personal email to sort it out.
gadgetstorm - thanks for doing some product testing for us! we did make the outer wall thicker than other mugs, so glad to hear it is standing up to good use.
after using mine for some time now i also pre-ordered another.  any idea when those will ship?
it is already october but still no sign of my espro. what happen ?
got it, used it, love it. dropped on floor as the matt black surface has hardly any grip, but on the other hand the finish is so durable that there was hardly a scratch, nor a ding. super sturdy. impressed :)
hi diarmid - your press was shipped - working on getting you a tracking number.
any news on the delivery to the uk? it has been a long time. thanks diarmid
woot! got it, and putting it to good use as i type this. definitely worth the wait! al.
hi mehmet and al - see emails - we will get it solved. thanks, chris.
bruce/chris, still nothing. private message sent. a.
my shipment was ended up in united states and it means the tracking info sent to me is someone else's. so would you please send my tracking info so that i can be sure that i am going to drink a good cup of coffee in my office?
mark, you should see an email shortly. best, chris.
any idea when uk backers might see something?
hi al, sent a personal email.
thanks for the update, chris. you indicated you'd have a tracking number for me?
hi al, your order shipped july 24 - you should see it soon!
hi chris, did you have any luck finding tracking information for my order? still nothing here - no shipping notification, no product. �
hi jenny, we still need some information from you before we can ship your order. please check the email you have registered with kickstarter. best, chris.
i still haven't received the two i ordered. how do i find out what happened to them? thank you!
hi james - i will send you a personal email to get it sorted out. best, chris.
hi chris, i just started to use my mug but i notice a small dent at the bottom that might have occurred during shipping and i wanted to check if anything could be done. i did try it out and it makes an amazing cup of coffee!
thanks chris.
al, quite sure it has gone out. there were 23 home and away pledges, so i actually remember picking the units myself. we will aim to get you a tracking number tomorrow. best, chris.
olivier, we will add that idea to our list! best, chris.
just checked my spam folder, in case. but i'm surprised i haven't seen a shipping notice yet?! al.
olivier said: "after using for quite a time now, i think the only feature i would have liked, is the ability to store to cap at the base of the mug. maybe something i could screw at the bottom or soft plastic, i don't really know exactly. just a way to dispose of the cap while drinking, without losing it!" hey, that is a great idea!
i received my espro travel press 2 weeks ago. the packet was damaged, opened and the sticky part of the enveloppe directly on the mug. luckily, canada post have put everything in a sealed plastic bag. i was lucky though, nothing was damaged, only had to rub the glue from the mug before using it. i used mostly my espro travel as a travel mug. after using for quite a time now, i think the only feature i would have liked, is the ability to store to cap at the base of the mug. maybe something i could screw at the bottom or soft plastic, i don't really know exactly. just a way to dispose of the cap while drinking, without losing it! :) otherwise, great product as always! i bought that without even thinking about it because i loved my espro press so much!
hi maziar - i will send you an email. best, chris.
i'll be leaving the country in 10days and would therefor like to know when i should expect them to land here? cheers!
mehmet - looks like it left july 16 - i will email you the tracking number. best, chris.
marco - thanks for the feedback!
deze man - you should see a tracking number soon.
hi, again. i would like to get the tracking number, can you check and tell me my tracking number?
hi bruce, really happy with the espro press. the finish and quality is really good! thanks! marco.
no espro press here, one was shipped, but was returned to point of origin even before it left the usa. hope to have some nice piping hot coffee soon.
macon, i will send you a direct email. best, chris.
alex - looks like your package is very close to arriving - i will email you your tracking. cheers, chris.
hi, there? i would like to get the tracking number for my espro, can you check and tell me my tracking number?
hi alex, looking into it - definitely should have shipped. best, chris.
heey, i have not yet received my espro, or a tracking number for that matter. please let me know when i can expect them!
i received my two espros today and could not be more pleased with the quality. i am looking forward to using it and enjoying great coffee while on the road. thanks!
just a very quick note to let you know how pleased i am with my new espro travelpress. makes great press coffee, keeps it piping hot with good flavour for at least two hours (at 3 hours it is past its prime). i've used it a few times to make a quick single cup to drink at home, once made pouring it into a real cup to drink. very glad i bought it! (no reply needed nor expected.)
hi emilie, i think we have already sorted this out, but let me know by tuesday if you haven't received a tracking number.
i received my press last week and wrote a private message but did not get a response. as i am very excited about using the press, i post my question here. : the product arrived damaged...there is a dent about an inch long at the bottom of the press. it was done during shipping, i'm quite sur. i can send pictures if you want (can't upload here i think). i'd like to know if you plan on replacing the press and/or if you want the broken one back. otherwise, it seems like a really good product...have not used it since i didn't know if youd l'ike to get it back. i can't wait for my first cup!
hi daniel, sorry for the damage - we will get another white tea press out to you shortly. best, chris.
received my espro travel coffee and tea two-pack over the weekend too!  they did turn out quite nice, with the black one looking very good.  there was a significant issue with my tea espro however... it arrived with a dent on the bottom edge and the paint is chipped. how are you going about replacing damaged units?  i would upload a photo, but ks doesn't seem to have that capability for comments. thanks for the quick reply!
wow - thanks for the great feedback. the silicone seal is deep in the groove, but also fairly snug, so we don't typically see an issue with residue in the groove. i think you'll find you don't need to pull it out very often for cleaning. if you do, be careful not to tear the lip. some travel mugs do have rubber on the bottom, but i find them easier to tip over (from experience...). the ones without rubber tend to slide a bit if bumped instead of tipping. it was trade-off we made, but we will keep it in mind as we get more feedback over the next while. cheers, chris.
i received my espro travel press yesterday and, i have to say, my excitement about this product was well-placed!  the attention to detail is tremendous -- i love the  "coffee" and "tea" fill lines inside the mug and that even the filters themselves are labeled, which must be awesome and practical for supporters/future customers who have both the coffee and tea filters. i opted for the brushed stainless espro (no fingerprints!) and i couldn't be happier with the finish.  i made my first cup of coffee this morning around 7:30 but, due to interuptions, was unable to drink it beyond an initial sip or two until 3:00.  two things: firstly, when the coffee was fresh and super hot, the exterior of the mug remained at room temperature.  secondly, when i finally drank my coffee at 3, it was the same smooth and not bitter coffee of the morning, and the temperature was somewhere between warm and hot.  so in other words...perfect and just as advertised. a couple of comments/suggestions for future iterations of the espro: * while cleaning the espro last night, i noticed that the (silicone?) gasket/seal located inside the plunger's plastic housing/cap is positoned incredibly deep inside that crevasse... and nigh impossible to remove and replace for cleaning even if i were willing to risk damaging the cap and the gasket. (note that i am not referring to the gasket inside the travel cap.) is this something you already considered and determined to be a non-issue because the gasket is not directly in contact with the interior climate of the mug and may be somewhat protected from it by wall of the mug itself? or was it just never a factor at all?  relatedly, i've read that certain grades of silicone are resistant to/repel bacteria, so maybe it's possible that the material being used offsets any potential issues? please note that i am not overly concerned about this -- if it were possible, i'd probably only remove and clean it every 3rd or 4th use -- but i do wonder what could be happening up there in the longterm since it seems that the area will be fairly impossible to air-out. * in the comments section of an earlier update, another backer and i asked if a rubber-type padding (similar to what is used on other travel mugs in the market) would be affixed to the bottom of the mug to cushion/protect various surfaces. i still think this would be a beneficial addition to the espro travel press.
hi ted, easiest way is through the four holes in the bottom lid after pressing, with a swirl of the mug afterward to mix. the holes aren't big, but if you tilt your press to the side slightly, and start with the sugar, it should work out well.
hi chae - thanks! we are working on getting paper filters in through our website - we will keep you posted.
received my presses on friday - one black, one white.  love them so far.  great coffee just like my large espro press.  but one question - is there is an easy way to add milk & sugar?  i drink mine black, and my wife pointed it out this morning when using hers for the first time.
just tried the mug for the first time. awesome! i own every version of espro and this is just another awesome product. the paper filtered coffee is amazing! one question is how to buy more papers filters?
thanks roger, we really appreciate hearing your feedback - product development is tough work, and feedback is a big part of what makes it worthwhile! /chris
received my travel coffee press yesterday and it's everything i expected from bruce and espro. it's beautifully machined, all parts fit perfectly, and the finish seems deep and durable (i got meteor black). the filter basket is a marked improvement over my espro table top press, and my first (perfect, no less) cup of pressed coffee stayed hot for hours. couldn't be happier.
hi kenny, we will be selling filters on our site when we get them - that will be the easiest way.
hi will, sent you a direct email.
bruce, i've tried pming you a few times of the course of the kickstarter but didn't ever get a reply except for my very first message to you. is there any way to either order a coffee filter and have it added into my box or to order it through your website? i'm really hopping there is a way to get it tossed into the box to save on shipping but if not i understand.
hi will, we sent out two shipments, so everyone should be receiving a notification soon.
has everyone received shipment notifications already? i backed for two on separate accounts. one of them was backed on the last day of the kickstarter and has shipped and delivered already while the one which was backed on the first day of the kickstarter hasn't had a shipping notification email. i'm guessing they aren't shipping in backing order?
received mine. just purchased the coffee option. how could i get the tea filter by itself? thanks
received my travel press today! exactly as advertised. the build quality looks very impressive. i got the black and it is very sleek. will definitely be my go to travel mug! can't wait to use it!
received shipping notice from canada post, i'm just across town so hopefully it will arrive soon. :)
received my shipping notice from stamps.com.  1-3 days.  really looking forward to using this everyday!
just received my shipping notice -- so excited to receive my espro!  fyi, delivery is estimated in 1 to 3 days.
in the last update, update-13, the first sentence of the final paragraph was "during our sourcing trip we confirmed that product will ship to us this month!" it's june 21st, just nine days left in this month! i can honestly say i'm excited about getting the travel mug.  do things still look like it will ship to you in the next nine (9) days?  does this mean we can hope to get ours in the first few days of july?  i'm hoping this is so as it will mean having it when heading off on summer holidays. if it's as good as the medium espropress i'll be one very happy camper! keeping my fingers crossed and hoping we will hear more shipping news from bruce shortly. thanks bruce.
i also have to choose a new color that's not blue. can we get a new picture with the latest look of the white and steel? thanks.
i couldnt find the form to change the colour of my second press. could you please give me a link or change the second to stainless steel? thanks from nyc, miriam
hi i received an email telling that blue option is no longer valid and invite me to choose other colors. did you get the same message?
also disappointed in the cancellation of the classic blue, but c'est la vie. there must obviously be good reasons behind the cancellation. my problem would be since i'm resident in the uk, unless espro gets a foothold here, i'd be forced to import if i wanted to buy it if/ when classic blue was introduced later on as a colour choice. :(
bruce, about a week ago i asked why a separate tea filter was required.  why can't tea be made using the coffee filter set? apart from, going by the photos, the tea filter being shorter than the coffee filter, is there any difference between the two? or is it a question that flavours would be retained in the filter? exactly why would two separate filters be needed?
robert - thanks for the feedback. we'll update you when red comes out in the early fall! /bruce
so bummed about the cancellation of the blue color!!!....especially when the remaining colors choices (white, black and brushed aluminum) arbland.
bruce, i'm in for the "home & away".  i really appreciate that i have received the home already.  i am enjoying using it frequently.  thanks! is it possible to add the tea filter to my pledge in addition to the coffee filter to save on ordering it later and save on additional shipping costs? could you explain why a separate tea filter is required?  why can't tea be made in the travel press using the coffee filter?
hi, what's the good news? it's been almost 3 weeks since the last update, so i can't i.agine what awesome news awaits :-)!
jerry-thanks for your response.  i misread the comment to be speaking about the travel press.  i have since read some of the more recent updates and am now aware that it may not ship until mid summer. thanks again.\
does anyone know who to change 'shipping address'?
@daniel - i don't think shipment of the travel press was announced as you mentioned - perhaps you were reading about bruce's announcement he was shipping the full size espro press to those who pledged for the "home and away" package? bruce has made it clear the travel press is still in production.
i will be respect and considerate, as i am asked to be, but on 3/27 there was an update that the travel press was shipping to the north american backers.  is there another delay...when can your backers expect the fruit of our contributions and your labors?
thanks chelsea. i have pm'd him as well. i guess we just wait. the french press we have by espro is great quality, and is keeping me hopeful for the travel version. cheers!
hey mac, private messaging bruce worked for me. if not, try facebook?
i have emailed directly, as well as posted within this comments section with no responseresponse while waiting over one week. if there is another way of communicating with espro that i am unaware of, can someone fill me in? thanks much, and here's to hoping for a great product!
if
hi bruce and team, any updates? cheers,
hi bruce - i would like to order a 10 cup and 6 cup espro and take advantage of the 20% discount if possible. thanks
as there is now an additional delay in shipping, would it be possible for those of us who got the "home and away" to have the 18oz medium espropress shipped to us now without having to wait 3 or 4 months for the travel model to be ready?  i would even be prepared to pay a small minimal amount for the separate shipping costs.
remiam, there is no aluminum in the espro travel press - the container is stainless steel, so no coating is required. /b
thanks a lot for the update. that's too bad for the problem, but in the end, we are assured to receive a great product. that's what important!
folks - please review our latest update, update 8. indeed we are sorting through production and have encountered a problem that only a tooling fix can resolve. it means a delay, which nobody likes. we have decided to prioritize perfection over schedule! thanks for your patience and support - we will ensure another update at least every 3-4 weeks going forward. more to come /b
i agree, an update would be appreciated. it's been a while.
an update would be appreciated. aren't we supposed to be getting our espros like, now?
looking for an update, and shipping eta. thanks!
hi bruce.  i would appreciate an update! if the message is that you don't have an eta yet, that would be ok. since we're in the middle of march questions are beginning to build up, when you don't write anything to your backers.  kindly, peter
i will attend the seoul coffee expo in next month. at the booth, i will make the sample coffee with hario dripper and aeropress. if i can receive espro press before the exhibition, i cam use it at that event. can you give me your kind advice?
@creator. is there any form of protection or coating on the bare aluminum espro?  thank you
hi, i would like to know the shipping date,thank you.
hi,i would like to know where to buy paper filters. thank you
hey bruce.  we went for the 'first to market' pledge as we want to resell them and it looked like a great deal as rrp was $50.  i have checked your site and it says they are $39 for the coffee or tea, and $50 for the explorer - yet we had to choose between one or the other.  does this mean that we will be getting the explorers in our packs to make sure this was a worthwhile deal?  thanks!
good push jerry! i have just emailed you a photo of the colors, and will publish a better set of pro photos as soon as we receive them! /b
bruce - what happened to the great communication? no replies in a week to either pm or my post here. a reply would be appreciated.
i'd appreciate if you would post a better photo of the latest pre-production black finish than the one you sent from germany in your last update (which may have been impacted by exhibition floor lighting) - in that photo the black finish looks extremely flat - much flatter than the finish posted on your ks campaign page which was more of a satin finish. i find it hard to believe most people would want a finish that flat - at least i know i wouldn't.
bruce ...i sent you a message awhile ago because of problem with the survey due to my pledge, but no response yet.  i don't want to miss out.
robert zander - we're working to make the paint as robust as possible! that said, if you want the most robust possible surface, the brushed stainless if your best bet.  skwrhdz - stay tuned for more on our plans for tea! glad you're excited about it.  david clarke - we have messaged you directly to help you through your technical issue. /b
any photo updates about colours? rubber bottom rings etc (some people asked questions about the espro in in the comment section in the latest update..
i'm in with the $125 "home & away" now that i've seen the latest videos i realize i should have also included the tea filter basket.  is there any way to at the tea filter at this time? do you have any plans to make a tea filter for the "home" press?
i also would like to get some idea about how durable the paint will be. i prefer the blue, and would like to believe it will stand up to some moderate use. thanks
just responded to survey for my reward.  great to have the brushed unpainted stainless.  looking forward to receiving this!
hi there, i just got an email that has a button saying 'respond now' on it, which i presume has questions about color etc for the new travel press.  the only problem is that the button has no link in it - and when i click on it nothing happens - probably a small glitch but i don't want to miss out on getting this as soon as possible.  great video by the way
great video, the unpainted version looks quite industrial. some may even prefer it like that. will that be an option. also, please refresh my memory. what colours are the painted options, and how durable will the finish be. if there is no accompanying jacket for the painted version, then it will be prone to scratches if placed in bags with metal objects such as keys ... could there be a jacket made up for this for a nominal sum, maybe something to reflect the kickstarter project that started it all?
awesome videos guys!  i can't wait for my new coffee mug! you might even make me want to have "travel tea"!  :-)  i usually associate tea with a lazy afternoon on my couch with a great book, but this just might make me take a travel tea to work too!  very exciting!  keep up the great work!
hi peter, check out the great videos that bruce made in update 5!
it's been a while since the last update. how are things at espro? are you doing progress with the mugs?
dryland305 - thanks for the excitement. we are excited too. look for a first brew video... perhaps tomorrow! adrian lai - sorry we missed your note during the holidays. we did not miss the implication and are looking into it. the preorder part of our own website could be to blame. to be clear: our business never uses shipping to make money, and most often loses/subsidizes shipping costs to our customers, so i expect that if you have found the shipping in our website preorder to be less than here that means that something is not right on the website. thanks for pointing it out!  /b
i've been eyeing your espros ever since your first kickstarter but the prices were a bit more than i was willing to spend for the volume capacity, so i jumped on an earlybird spot when i saw this campaign.  i own 2 glass carafe french presses that i love, but we all know how fragile they can be -- and how paranoid that can make you when using and cleaning them.  i found an 'unbreakable' and travel-ready solution with the "press-bot" on kickstarter.  it's basically a foldable french press that fits and then expands into any wide-mouth nalgene bottle.  i've been happy with it, but reports about supposedly "bpa-free" plastics like tritan (used in nalgene bottles) have me hesitant to use it with hot water and i've since relegated the press-bot to cold-brew duty. all of this to say, i am very excited to receive my espro travel press.  i'm looking forward to having a near-indestructible, double-walled stainless steel, insulated mug.  the filtration system that has garnered so many raves here, at amazon, and on coffee blogs/vlogs is definitely a bonus and i can't wait to see and taste what all the fuss has been about.
it's a bit disappointing that international shipping via your own website is half the price as on kickstarter.
roger - we'll definitely consider this one in the future. the finishes we have planned and the samples we have seen are very high quality, and the paint shop is closed and fully automated (cleanliness is extremely critical for paint finish quality). we'll definitely consider your suggestion for an unpainted version! you won't be disappointed in what we send you, and we'll stand by the product (as we do everything we make)! thanks for sharing - we hope to earn your support! /b
bruce - my pleasure. quick question / comment. it states in the faqs that the outside finish is painted. i have a few contigo travel mugs that are painted black, and the finish started chipping off almost immediately. have you considered an unpainted, stainless only version that might be more durable? or, are there options for other coatings that might last longer than paint?
roger - thanks so much, we really do try to make products that people will use every day. and you can just pledge twice the amount, and we will deliver two.
i use espro's table-top small press everyday, and it is the finest coffee press i've ever owned. i once contacted espro regarding a replacement filter, and was shocked that bruce handled my request personally. great service from a company making incredible products. happy to back this campaign. now i just have to figure out how to change my pledge from one travel press to two.
another great product, can't wait to get our hands on it!
hi lh, the espro travel press has the same double filter that the espro table-top press has. that means grit free coffee. typical french press filters have one filter mesh with large openings that let through a lot of grit. cheers, chris.
can you comment what is the difference between your product and the starbucks stainless steel  travel press tumbler?
cant wait!!!
adrian - you definitely have it right! thanks for your support!! /b
looking forward to this! i currently use the bodum travel press, so this should be a great replacement.
hi, i've chosen the $35 reward, and pledged $50 to include the $15 international shipping - is that the right way?
igor - we're working on one - stay tuned! b
hey @creator can you please post a video of you preparing one coffee and one tea in the espro? many thanks, vainer
gabriel - that's the goal - we'll confirm all as we go along in our updates!
so if i read the faq correctly, the travel press can make 2 more ounces of coffee than the espro small?
are you thinking about stretch goals?
mehmet - definitely you can use metal or paper filters. the choice is yours! many people prefer the metal filters only as it provides the grit-free french press style coffee. adding the paper filter in combination allows you to have the pour-over style coffee - cleaner, and brighter flavors, without the oils (they get absorbed by the paper). the best part about our gear is that it allows you to explore your coffees on your terms! hope that helps /bruce
is it possible to use metallic filter instead of paper? not to mention i am not a coffee maker expert
rob - if you want to have an extra basket, please increase your pledge by $15, and also please send a direct message to us so that we know to notate your pledge at our end. we will handle any additional shipping costs. /bruce
ivan - yes, you can order multiple units at the pledge level you select. if you decide to make them a mix of coffee and tea, please use you pick two, and increase the pledge by $35 for the units you want above 2. the pure-play coffee and tea pledges will not get survey questions about their selection of device type. hope that helps and apologies for having overlooked your question!  /bruce
@bruce constantine. hi. i'm in the $70 you pick two tier. is there a way to add say, $10, and get one of the espro travels with all three brew methods? one of them is destined for an equal opportunities drinker - she's into coffee and tea! or perhaps you could have an add-on section for the filters?
hi bruce, i don't know if you maybe missed my question below about pledging for multiple units, but can you check it out when you have a minute please and post an answer? thanks, ivan
hi bramg, we decided to use a full lid, so the travel press is fully sealed. it also keeps it hot for longer. the tea or coffee is 1.5-2" below the top of the drinking lip. we will definitely keep your suggestion in mind for future variants!   hi thomas, the inside is completely steel. the container is double wall, vacuum insulated stainless steel. only the outside is painted. the color on the inside of the pictures is from a 3d print, just to show how the unit works. stainless steel should not make milk curdle. it is definitely the typical material used in all the internal processing equipment inside milk processing factories. this link is the closest thing i have found to a reason for milk to curdle in hot tea – it says that the reason is more likely heat and acidity in the tea or coffee. http://foodreference.about.com/od/dairy/a/why-does-milk-curdle.htm. there is also a very well documented set of discussions about separation/curdling of soy milk in certain coffees for the same reason. reference, for example: http://www.thekitchn.com/why-does-soymilk-curdle-in-hot-148329  hi niek, you can definitely remove the rod and filter, and use it as a travel mug. same great heat/cold retention. /bruce/chris
can you also use the stainless steel container to put in a beverage (hot or cold), and leave the press out? or can't it be sealed anymore then? i would like to use it sometimes on the go somewhere, and no fresh coffee or tea is available?( and i would need a tea bag or already brewed coffee to put inside)
is the inside completely steel? as there appears to be a color coating on the inside in some pictures. also, if it is stainless steel inside, how does it react if milk is added. many stainless steel drink bottles suggest not adding milk as it reacts and goes sour quickly in the container (curdles)
congrats on meeting your funding goal. for a stretch goal my suggestion is for a water resistant jacket to protect the vessel from the scratches and dings of everyday use and inadvertent carelessness. it is common to see neoprene used for this. witness the hipp titanium flask on kickstarter. for something to really set you apart and knock the socks off your supporters, you could go further and design an integrated pouch or container for storing coffee or tea within or on the jacket.
looking forward to this travel press (happy backer of the espro medium). i currently am using a travel mug daily in my car when driving to work which is very easy to handle with just 1 hand (i can pop the lid with just one hand). i noticed that the espro travel press has a screw lid which may make this less handy in a car. so i was wondering if that could be an option somehow? perhaps in the form of a stretch goal? just an idea, will happily use it anyway.
we're about to post a faq on materials (you're not alone with the question shashwat).  here's the upshot... vessel: double-walled stainless steel. the outside is painted.   lids: bpa bbp phth free fda approved food-grade plastics.  filters: stainless steel mesh embedded in bpa bbp phth free fda approved food-grade plastics. seals: silicone in the pictures you are seeing a mix of pre-production and prototype parts, some of which are indeed sla's made of plastic. the testing versions we used to refine the function and coffee flavor are machined metal and not as pretty! but they confirm that the cup is incredible and the functionality rock-solid. believe me - the final will blow your socks off; our brand is riding on it!
hi bruce! i'm a previous backer of your espro project and looking forward to this new project as well! i'm in the early-bird coffee press reward tier and i wanted to ask two questions: - can we increase our pledge to get additional units as many projects allow? ie pledge 35x2=70 for two or 35x3=105 for three... (i know i could switch to the two unit reward tier, but what if i wanted to get more than 2?) - if the above answer is yes, during the final survey, will we have the option to select how many units are coffee press and how many are tea press? thanks for taking the time to answer and looking forward to watching this project move forward!
add e as someone that loves the espro and is happy to see this product. i'm also interested in getting an extra basket (i chose the you pick two) and want to have two coffee but also get a tea (and the filters).
just received your mail via kickstarter for another product you were kickstarting and i had to take a look at what you were up to next. exactly what i was hoping for... :-) ordered the explorer so i can make coffee while my tea drinking friends can make tea while on the go. i love my medium espro press and i often just make one cup for myself so this one seems to be perfect for that as well. just a question, your pictures make it look like the shell is made out of plastic but you mention that it is double walled ss. can you please elaborate? i know what i receive in the end will be top notch but just want to make sure what the outer material was made of. all the best...
we are fortunate to have a great community here, and hearing that people love our work keeps our spirits and motivation high. thank you - we really appreciate it. /chris.
you guys just keep outdoing yourselves.  i just happened to stumble upon your last medium espro campaign, and good thing too.  reading over the project, taking in the videos, and doing some research i was impressed.  so i decided to go all out by going all in and got your collectors set.  the quality and attention to detail are what got my vote (even got a "wow" from a fellow coffee lover who looked over one of my espros).  now you're bringing those same attributes to this project so it's sure to be a winner.  i pledged for two of your "coffee and tea explorer"s and am looking forward to them already.  thank you for impressing someone who's not so easily impressed...and good luck to another successful campaign.
hi will - the design deliberately uses the same shaft for both filters. that makes the two completely interchangeable, and indeed the explorer will ship with only one shaft, and two different filters. we don't have an earlybird for the it, sorry about that (there is a lot of advice in the community suggesting that we simplify and limit the number of pledges). you'll love the explorer if you are branching out into both specialty coffee and tea! most importantly, thanks for your support! /bruce
i completely missed that this is an included option. is it possible for early bird backers to receive that at a discount as well by pledging some additional amount or are you only planning to offer that at the $50 level?
will it be possible to get two sets of the press piece so that one device can brew both tea and coffee on the go depending on the users mood?  from the video it looks like the shaft length varies between these two and i'm not sure what the shaft is connected to so it might actually take two whole lid assemblies?
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
