@jennifer:  hmmm... that is strange.  we shipped yours out on sept 21st.  we will look into this and will coordinate with you directly.
have tried to msg you privately- no response. never rcvd my science fair pack mudwatt. please please advise.  jennifernewcomb@icloud.com responded to survey sept 7.
@hariyono:  ok great!   glad it arrived safely in indonesia! @austin:  hmmm....you should have received this back in august.  i'll follow up with you offline.
has the plush toy shipped?
hi creator im very happy to receive my mudwatt, it arrived today. cant wait to try it. thank you
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
@hariyono:  hmm... there seems to be an issue arising in customs when shipping to indonesia.  we will follow up with off of this thread.
hi, i'm still not receved my mudwatt. could you inform me the shipping tracking number please.
hi @creator,  we are very happy to receive the mudwatt and have filled out the jar two days ago. we also ordered the complete kit + shewy plush. however, the plush stop blinking after 1 day. something seems broken, but we are not sure what, as the little lights are kindda small and hidden within the netted tentacles. also there is no way to open it to check on the battery. help!
@hariyono:  thanks for your message.  we shipped your order out on august 29th.  since you're in indonesia, it should take about 3-4 weeks to reach you.   so i expect it should reach you in the next week, but i'll put in a claim with usps as well.  thanks very much for your patience!
im still have not receved my mudwatt. could you update me with shipping information
mine just arrived, thank you. will post how well it goes with my daughter.
thanks!  i received mine yesterday.
@james, @reed, @eric:   thanks for your messages and our apologies for the radio silence.  we did big shipping push this week.  all of your mudwatts were shipped this week, so you should be receiving them by early next week.   thanks again for your support!
still have not received my mudwatt. i was hoping to do it over summer vacation as you had originally targeted. now i am just hoping i get my shipment so i can still do this with my daughter.
is there any shipping update? haven't heard anything for more than a month, thanks!
i have not received my mudwatt yet.  is the rollout for shipping still ongoing?  when can i expect my shipment?  thanks!
we were so excited when our mudwatt came this week, and when the led started blinking just a day later. i tried to download the mudwatt explorer app, but since my mobile carrier updated me to android 5.1.1, i am no longer able to install the app as the play store no longer sees my phone as compatible. i would love to use the app, and just wanted to let you know about this hiccup.
mud-watt came in yesterday && i have the perfect glass vase to put it in.  can't wait for it to start pumping out electrons!
guys, great product, my little boy is going to love it, as well as this big boy!! please can you save us uk customers ‘import duties tax’? you just need to put a below the average price (has to be under $23). as the product is not on the market there is no real means for customs to work out value of product. thanks guys, keep up the good work!!!
thank you for your reaction. the curriculum looks great!
@h. scholten:  yes indeed!   you can find the link to the free curriculum in our last update.   module #4 has a lot of mudwatt-specific activities.  please enjoy and let us know what you think!
is the curriculum pdf available already?
@ginny, we'll be sending out surveys for your shipping address on reward-level basis.  so far we've just sent out surveys for the comic book and shewy/geo reward levels, and will be sending out surveys for other reward levels soon.
how do i confirm my shipping address?  thanks.
shipping has begun!   woohoo!  check out our latest update for more details!
does anyone have this information?
still have not received the mudwatt. i hoping it would be a birthday gift for my son before the end of july especially since it stated that they would be delivered in june. not a big deal but would like an update. thanks...
i can't wait for my mudwatt. i have a space cleared off on my desk just waiting! keep up the hard work guys.
one possibility might be to replace the led with a binary counter (eg the 4518) linked up to a  piso (such as a 74hc165). you can then count the number of flashed by polling periodically from a pi or an arduino. a neat trick is to cascade the piso chips (one mw per chip, or two if you are prepared to poll frequently) and to set the last bit high on each one so that you know when you have got to the end of the line because the last bit will be low. i have done this before for a different click counting project.
@jessica, thanks for checking in and our apologies for our radio silence.  we just sent out an update today. production is underway, but the rate-limiting step at this point is the custom compostable packaging, which will take at least another month we have it in-house.  however, if you'd like your mudwatt before then (say for science fair or a birthday), please shoot us a note to info@mudwatt.com and we'll find a way to get you your mudwatt in time using an intermediate packaging solution.  thanks again for your support!
hi guys,  any update on delivery? i have a few nephews keen to get their hands dirty!
@mudwatt, thanks for the info! optical detection would be a fun experiment, but i could do it quicker using an mcu and detecting the voltage drop. i'll send an email to the address you gave david. i'd like to see the circuit as well so i can mock up something similar to play with right away. @david, i haven't been able to devote the time to getting my wifi modules up and running, but i've still got that on my backlog :)
@david:  we're happy to share more info about the circuit with you.  could you send me an email at keegan@mudwatt.com?  i can then send you some more info.
hi @mudwatt, thanks for the kind words. i've got a few ideas with regard to being able to measure the power (a voltage sweep with a current follower, or a resistance sweep). would you be able to share the circuits you use for the blinking led? i presume it is some sort of flip/flop based idea?
@david and @matt, these ideas are fantastic!   we'd love to see the mudwatt hooked up to an arduino or raspberry pi.  there are a couple different ways to measure the power output from the mudwatt, as you both alluded to.  one way is to place a resistor across the leads of the mudwatt and measure the voltage (an analog input) across it (power = voltage*voltage/resistance).  the caveat here is that you'll want to select a resistor value that maximizes your power output.  i'm happy to chat more about this, but a good value to start with is about 470 ohms. the other way of measuring the power is to use the blink frequency.  our mobile app can detect the blinking events optically, but i bet you can also detect them electronically by detecting a drop in the voltage (again, an analog input) on the capacitor, which discharges during a blink event.   the equation that we have for correlating that blink frequency to power is:  power (in microwatts) = (blinks per minute)/1.69.   looking forward to hearing how your tests go!
@matt riley: i'm not really much good with the electronics side but have been told i need to put a  current follower across the output and can then do a power curve to calculate the power output. it would probably need either a single embeded microcontroller (a pic containing an adc and a dac to set the sensor voltage for the current follower) and some way to link it to e.g. a raspberry pi, or a more expensive but easier to put together unit based on an arduino that should be able to monitor arbitrary numbers of units. it would be good to have some input from the mudwatt folks on this (and maybe set it up as an open project on github)
@david that's a great idea.  i have a few cheap wifi modules laying around i haven't used for a project yet.  i'll try to get them running before the rewards ship and get a circuit built to measure the output. sounds like the easiest way is by counting the pulses per minute on an led.  would the mudwatt folks be open to sharing their algorithm for that?
i'm looking forward to this - get my undergrads thinking about how to best fuel their bugs. have you a guide to monitoring the output via a raspberry pi or similar? i'm dead keen to have it linked up to the internet of things so the students can monitor their cells in real time outside of the lab.
wohoo! congrats guys.
congratulations mudwatt team!! we'll be warming up some mud here in preparation for mudwatt's arrival :-)
@elizabeth:   you won't need another account.  after you hit the blue "manage" button, you should be able to modify the pledge amount at the top of the page, in the green box.  then you hit "continue to next step".    let me know if you encounter any trouble and i'm happy to walk through it with you (617-852-6524). @tardisk:  thanks so much for your support!
i can't wait for my mudwatt!
how?  i don't have the option to just increase my pledge and i don't want just the plush.  do i need another account?
@elizabeth:  wow!  120 fourth graders!  you've got your hands full, hehe. for adding a shewy to a science fair kit, you'll need to increase your pledge by $19.  thanks for your support!
i've pledged for the science fair kit but i want the shewie plush, is this included at this level or do i need to pledge an additional $19?  i have 120 fourth graders anxiously awaiting for this new addition to our classroom.  :) thanks!
@legolad:  confirmed!  thanks very much for your support!   i'll follow up with you before any items are shipped.
i have several young nieces and nephews. one of the nieces is 11 and she's heavy into science. this is going to make a great christmas present for her. question: i learned about this from backerclub. usually the way we do the discounted pledge is to pledge for $1 but increase it to the %15 off amount. i increased my pledge to $51 for the deep dig. i'm assuming that's fine and that there will not be any additional shipping cost/ can you please confirm?
@jaxe:  ok, thanks!  we will confirm with you before anything is shipped out.  all the best in singapore!   @leslie: thanks so much for your support!  we think you'll really like these new versions as well!
@mudwatt - i'm currently residing in singapore but may have the option of having it shipped to a friend in the us (who would then bring it back to me). i selected us as the shipping option, but in case this plan falls through, do i have the option in the survey to amend the shipping information? i can top up the remaining fees by paypal or otherwise. thanks!
so close--you should have no trouble making your target! we are annette's in-laws and were happy to back the project, which is our first experience with kickstarter. we received a mudwatt one year for christmas and it was happily put together by a friend's son. thanks also for the link today to the great tobo track toy project.
@cindy:  we've gotten several requests for the deepdig+shewy combo and the core+shewy combo, so we've gone ahead and added those as new reward tiers for your convenience!   thanks very much!
could you add a gift selection for deepdig kit plus shewie? or does this automatically happen if i pledge 59+19=78?
@serge: very good question.  you can indeed "plant" a mudwatt core in a garden.   however, you'll need to make sure that it stays wet.  i'm happy to chat about ways of doing this if you want to send me an email at keegan@mudwatt.com.  it would not impact the veggies nearby.  also planting the mudwatt core in a pot in the house is a great idea -- you could even try to hook it up to a moisture sensor, so that it tells you when to water the plant!  also, i really like the idea of building a platform for students to share data and knowledge with each other -- thanks for the suggestion!
does the core kit have to be used with a container ?  would it still work if "planted" directly into a corner of the garden ?  would it have any effect, good or bad, to the veggies being grown nearby ?  what about if planted along with a flower/plant in the house (container is now present) ? maybe kids, young and old, could experiment with their mudwatt and report back (shared 'r&d' educational blog space anyone ?)
@tasha: thanks so much!  yes, the joy of mud power is a very unique gift to give.  we really like your idea and you may receive an update about this soon. @yo:  excellent!  i think you'll enjoy the shewy plush.  its electric pili tentacles light up to show electron flow!
i think this will make a great gift. no kids of my own but i'm always keeping an eye out for cool things for family & friends kids. have you thought about doing donation levels? get one/give one?
such a cool idea! great work!! can't wait for my shewy :)
@juanandonly:  great! the easiest way to combine rewards (like the shewy plush and the core), is to select one reward and then bump up the pledge amount to cover the other reward.  we'll confirm with you by survey before items are shipped.  you only need to pay for shipping once!
i'm interested in getting the shewey and the core - what's the best way to go about getting both?
@techno banana:  yes!  the deepdig kit comes with everything in the core kit, plus extra gizmos like the buzzer, the clock/thermometer, and the multimeter and resistor set that you can use to run more experiments and find your max power.  the standard kit on our website is a previous version that just comes with the clock/thermometer unit.
does the deepdig kit include everything from the corekit? what about the standard kit on your site?
@tardisk:  yes!  you can power all sorts of gizmos.  we've designed the kit so that you can plug-and-play with different gadgets that come with the kit or experiment with your own gadgets from home!
i bet you could hack it to run a whole bunch of different things like a digital watch, or a capacitor bank w/ small vibrating motor. i wonder if you could use it to power an actuator that would water a plant? love it :)
mudwatt asked me some questions, so here's the answers. 1) what was it that compelled you to back the mudwatt project? > i don't really know - it just seemed really cool. the fact that it combines physics and biology was certainly a standout. humans divide the world into smaller chunks to study it, like physics or biology, reduce the world's complexity to a level humans can deal with. the world, however, is all of those things together, seamlessly, and this shows that. 2) how did you find out about the project? >it was promoted by kickstarter, either on the front page or on twitter. i don't remember which. 3) what are your interests? (e.g. stem, science, edtech, etc) > parenting. the kiddo likes science and is enthusiastic about learning it. this looked like something fun we could both do together. i also have a general curiosity about science and how things work. so we shall both learn something.
so pumped to see my cousin's face when i give this to him!  awesome product and mission :)
so awesome! i love this project from the education standpoint, and i'm also excited to have this featured on my desk at work. such a great product idea!
i love the teacher testimonial. you can see that the kids are really excited about it. and the teachers too. great product!
this looks awesome! what a great idea!!
sold! the video came out great! mudwatt will be a fantastic kit to have in classrooms around the world. a wonderfuly gritty, hands-on way to get kids excited to learn about science, biology, electronics, sustainability, and alternate forms of electricity!
