never got an e-mail link to the movie...never got my dvd. what the fuck.
i donated $55 and was supposed to get a dvd. i have not.when i get ?
i donated $25 and was supposed to get a download of the movie.... i have not.  can you please advise - maybe an oversight but i am very supportive of this project and would like to have my own copy of it.  thx!
don't know if there's been an error somewhere or if i misunderstood but i have not received a dvd. i'm a "downloader".
i'm in the us. no dvd and no info as yet. i'm patient and appreciative, but also rather disappointed. please advise.
so what happens?...it comes the very next day...there's hope for the rest of you.
any canadian supporters get their dvd yet? i'm still waiting for mine.
dvd received uk yesterday  :-)
i in the us, and haven't received the dvd or any download instructions. is there a way to get a status update?
i got mine in the uk yesterday.  i just wanted to say thanks to denny - yes the project has been delayed, but he's been better than a lot of other creators at keeping us updated, and we've ended up with a 2 disc set with 6 hours of extras! well done denny, you've produced a testimony to your dad and his friends that you should be very proud of.  i'm pleased to have been a small part in making it happen.
denny, thank you so much for sending out the dvd's to us would-be downloaders! i know you never intended for this and i'm sorry to see people accusing you of fraud. that is simply not what this is about. movie and music companies are not easy at all to deal with, and sometimes there's a solid snag, simple as that. again, thank you for making this movie available!! :-) howard
seems like i misunderstood - denny reached out to me explaining that his comments before regarding dvds for foreign supporters were actually for us who pledged a download. i was under the impression that this was about non-us citizens that pledged a dvd, glad to hear i was wrong. looking forward to finally watching the documentary!
thanks denny for completely ignoring the people supporting you by pledging a download. you don't even feel it is necessary to react to our comments at all - speechless. here is my vudu code, enjoy! first come first serve: vtwcl2qzzjtdrzdw
to all our foreign supporters - we apologize for the delay in receiving your dvds.  magnolia pictures our us distributor only provided us region restricted dvds so we have had to wait for the production of non region restricted copies.  those dvds are now being shipped out to you.  we are trying our best to make this work for everyone and never anticipated how long it would take to fulfill our commitment.  please know that the money you spent went towards paying the american federation of musicians and the balance of the music licensing needed to be able to release the film.  our goal was always to tell the story of the musicians and with your help we have been able to do that.  we really appreciate the support and again our sincerest apologies for the delay.  thank you.
still nothing from danny for those dupes who supported by opting for a "download" ( that isnt a download- and is country locked) and in an ironic twist the movie is now coming up in a local festival in nz. so i cant get the download which i paid for..but i can go and pay again to see it. what a crock! how do i apply for  refund? i would like to publicly say bad job denny!
hi. please let me know if my dvd has been sent. thanks. bruce brenner
denny it is 3 weeks and still no news from you how i can legally get a download. if you cannot deliver then either give me the dvd or give me a refund. so now you have gotten your money from us to release your film you want us to wait as long as you took to make the film for us to see it legally? i hope you realise how annoyed and disillusioned you have made so many of us feel about this and how much you have sullied their memories in my mind by your continued silence on this topic.
hello. do you know when the overseas dvd orders are due to be delivered. i'm in australia and keen to see the dvd. best regaurds emil gurfinkiel.
it is disappointing that after having "paid" for a download copy of the movie, i cannot get a download of the movie.  the most difficult way to obtain the movie will be the legal way. really soured on this process.
hey rich, i'll check into that. not sure what that's about.  let me email you directly.
got my dvd today.  glad about that.  not so glad that it came "postage due" to the tune of $5.75!  >:-(
i'm also really unhappy with the service that you've chosen for the "digital download." if i'd known i wouldn't be provided with a copy that i could play as i chose, i'd have chosen a dvd instead. please consider making a change/upgrade available!
i contributed to this campaign long ago and now don't recall how much or what my reward was supposed to be and can't find anything here on kickstarter to remind me.  suffice to say, i have absolutely nothing to show for my contribution.  where and how can i get a download or a dvd?
just chiming in here as someone who expected a download link and is now very disappointed by this vudu situation. i am not going to install vudu to watch a stream of my 'download copy' and hope that denny will stick to his promises. thanks.
please make download possible for non us citizens. also, as others have pointed out, i signed up for a digital download, not a streaming service.
denny - how long should i wait to receive the dvd? it has been a week since you said they were mailed and i see that others have already gotten theirs but, i still have not received mine.  if you need me to reconfirm the shipping address, please let me know.  i am looking forward to seeing the movie. thank you.
im with howard, if id known the "download" was locked to vdu i would have ordered a dvd or skipped it altogether. disappointed.
got my movie in the mail today! what a wonderful surprise! can't wait to watch it!
we watched the movie on a cross-country flight, and wished it were twice as long. thank you so much for this wonderful film. it was completely worth the wait. sorry for being one of the folks complaining about vudu. this is clearly a labor of love; it shows in every moment of the film.
vudu is giving me an error saying "this service is not available in your country". i live in the uk but was not made aware i would be unable to watch the film here. can you possibly provide a real, downloadable copy?
as a veteran kickstarter supporter of various causes, i find this one completely soured me on the whole concept. i did finally receive the dvd yesterday after many others have already seen it.  even saw it listed on our uverse ondemand before receiving it. what takes the cake is a friend has seen it for sale in toronto already. guess the supporters are the last to see the results. not cool.
received my dvd today!!! really looking forward to watching.
paid for a "download" and i get a locked streaming version.  not the same thing, i have not been delivered a downloadable version.  false advertising plain and simple.  but, you got my money, you don't care, typical.  the project is a total fail run by a con man.  i'm sick to my stomach about how you've lied to use about purchasing a "download" copy, which vudu is not!
dear denny. i’m sorry to be annoying about this but it's is not a good solution. there is a huge difference between a legitimate download and a locked streaming/download interface. i would have to install vudu's (really really really) garbage software on my machine to watch this movie, which is very uncool. in addition i’m prevented from playing this movie where i want and on what platform i want. had i known that this was the “download” i would probably have chosen a dvd or skipped it altogether. i’m very happy to see this movie becoming a reality, but i’m not very fond of movie companies owning my copy. i contacted vudu about this as i really don't want to have an account there, and on my question on how to obtain my legal copy of the film and then close my account at vudu i got this: --------------- i hope this email finds you well. unfortunately, the vudu application is required to play/download content from the vudu service. if you are to cancel your account, you will no longer have access to the content. ------------------ in other words, vudu owns my copy and it's stuck with them. should they decide to change owners, shut down or whatever i would be left out cold. should they decide that there has been a change in licensing i would be left out... i am quite sure that it was never the intention to tie it in to vudu, but this is how it is. do i really have to pirate this movie to avoid the vudu-junk?
this is not a download. i signed up and now i’m stuck with this horrible drm-ridden interface that i want nothing to do with. i still can’t download the movie. please provide a download link.
i am really glad that the project is finally real. but i cannot even begin to describe how much i hate the vudu downloading provided with the reward. it just plain sucks, is invasive of privacy, drm'd to totally unwatchable usefulness...a huge disappointment. just had to say it. after waiting all this time, i don't think i'll even be able to watch it on this awful platform.
congrats on the release. how can i download an mp4 file directly to my computer without having a vudu device? thank you!
congrats on finally releasing! it seems that one has to register at vudu to download the movie. i see no reason to do this and would like to download directly. is this possible?
i've heard that some folks have already been receiving their dvds which is amazing.  can't believe they are ahead of schedule by a day. (wasn't supposed to be)--- for those who purchased downloads, look at the dates of the information that was attached.  the codes go live tomorrow.  they do not run out tomorrow, they run out on june 16th, 2017.   regarding our friends around the world. i didn't realize the codes that i received from magnolia pictures do not cross boarders.  i am working on that today.  thanks for your patience. denny
hi denny. have seen the wrecking crew twice here in vancouver. loved it and was really looking forward to the hd download. problem is, it's valid *only* to residents of the u.s. and as you'd likely know, some of your backers live elsewhere in this big world. i happen to live in canada. please advise what alternatives will be available. for example, itunes is mostly universal; certainly available in canada. thanks for your kind attention to this. also, thanks again for this wonderful experience. along with others who work in the industry i was happy to help out.
thanks for recent updates - great news!  this is obviously such a labor of love for you; i'm guessing most of us are mostly just happy for you and proud to be part of such a worthy project.  thank you for all your hard work on this!
denny,  i'm looking forward to receiving my kickstarter dvd --- thank you. i can't wait to re-watch the movie at home and see the hours of extra footage. i loved the movie and i'm sure your dad would be very proud. i'm sure you won't remember this, but you first told me about the movie back in about 2002 or so when i called you by chance while looking for someone to help me put together a compilation cd for a client. your name rang a bell and i asked you if you were related to tommy tedesco and you then proceeded to tell me the whole story about the movie. you even sent me a 20-minute version on vhs, which i really appreciated and enjoyed very much. i didn't hear much more about it until about a year ago when my old friend ron weinstock told me about a friend of his who was making a movie i'd really enjoy about the wrecking crew from la!  i told him about our conversation years ago and we both couldn't believe the coincidence.   anyway, i just wanted to congratulate you again on a great movie, your great perseverance in making it and the opportunity to become involved in it in a very small way via kickstarter. i'm disappointed as i'm sure you are at the first-run box office receipts, but i think this film will become a classic that will enjoy digital and box office revenue for many years to come as new generations discover it and enjoy it as so many of us do today.   all the best,  gary zych atlanta, ga
thanks, denny. looking forward to receiving the disc and to seeing the film, including all the extras. i appreciate all the effort you've put into this project over the years and understand the complexities. actually, none of the handful of other movies i've subscribed to on ks have come out "on schedule" either - some are much further behind and none of them have had the music licensing complexities that you've had to face. congratulations on the birth of "your baby"!
wow. surprised by the negativity. just wanted to add my comment in support of how this campaign was handled. this project was no small undertaking and in my opinion the channels of communication were wide open. denny, you did a fine job on giving us updates and when things did not go as planned, you advised us. sometimes things don't go as planned - that is life. but i have no regrets backing this and am proud to be a part of it. i would like to publicly say good job denny!
hey, it takes as long as it takes.  i loved seeing the film in the theater, and here in berkeley ca it got lots of good attention.  looking forward to the extras on the dvd -- thanks for seeing this through!
hey paul provenzano!! how dare you diss denny like that. what the hell!! get your head out of ass and maybe actually read. he has been sending updates since day 1. about most everything pretty much. like to see you attempt what he went thru.something as good as this project takes time and a lot of love to get it off the ground. where's your compassion man.once again, how dare you!
danny, congrats.on the whole thing first of all, thank you signing my book when you came to aurora some time back. got to meet you and won't forget that. you are very nice man, and the wait is well worth it. looking forward to dvd and thanks for letting me be part of it for you. hope to run into you in the future and congress again. well done!!!!      roy digangi
what is the status for those of us to pledged for the download?
danny, shashona here from indie showcase. i have purchased a home since i changed address. please send me your email and i will send you my forever home address here in australia to send the dvd. i am so excited it is finally ready, seems like a long time since we met at far west . shashona - wendy_mccall@gmail.com.au or shashonadj@gmail.com such an exciting project! good job hon! yours in the music wendy shashona mccall
danny, the dvd being shipped is great news. while we all wanted it sooner there's no doubt the final product is a contentiousness labor of love and will be worth the wait. will those of us who moved since backing the project have a chance to update our mailing address? can't wait to enjoy this film!
dear paul provenzano, i'm sorry that you feel that way.  i apologize for not taking care of business as well as i had hoped.  many of the ks notes went by me so i apologize for that.   in my apologies for the last year that have been sent through kickstarter, website, facebook and personal emails, i explained that my 6 months of delivery was way off track. i had no idea that i would still be waiting for licenses that would take another year to come through.   i also was upfront in the drive that the dvds would not be released until we secured a theatrical release.  after 19 years in the making, that was extremely important to the life of the film.  in regards to the money. the folks that gave on kickstarter received something special that ended up costing me 1000s of dollars that i didn't foresee.  i promised their names on the dvd as a chapter and our website forever.    the delay in the dvd gave everyone a better dvd.  6 hours of extras that i had to license more songs for.  the money that was raised on kickstarter went to pay for the musicians contracts. the extra money that was raised allowed us to cut leon russell into the final film.  i promise you that your money was well spent.   i can't please everyone.
all in all i totally regret supporting this project. danny has barely made an effort to keep in contact with supporters, questions unanswered. how about an upgrade to blue-ray for this terrible treatment? oh that was never answered either.  the idea that he would ignore so many of us and make us wait so much longer- years longer, is just about the rudest thing somebody can do to people that gave you money.  i hope the people you crowdfunded for the soundtrack on another platform got more respect, but i have my doubts. it seems danny likes the money part and ignores the rest.  by far the worst campaign i have supported.  should of just waited for a used copy to turn up.   great subject, great material, terrible producer.
do you still plan to ship dvds? if you do, will they arrive by the time they're available in stores?
i received my bumper sticker guitar picks and signed card months ago. just waiting for the dvd now. i couldn't find my name on the backer list but thought what the heck - i know i backed it and thats good enough for me.
first off, i'm very proud and pleased to be a small part of this very large project.  my pledge amount was to entitle me to a signed poster and a copy of the dvd.  i received the poster some time ago and today i received a terrific wrecking crew t-shirt...along with a 'thank you' card signed by denny, a bumpersticker, and a card that advised that i should order my copy of the movie.  the t-shirt wasn't mentioned.  so, my question is....did i get the wrong thing (the t-shirt)?  will i be getting the dvd?  should i return the shirt...or should i order a dvd....because one way or another i'm going to own a copy...but i don't need two.  i'd appreciate any help....and sincerely, thank you for the opportunity to participate.
bad email address for urgent reply for name, pledge and email address.  after several unsuccessful tries, i have now sent my information to denny@wreckingcrewfilm.com.  hopefully, that one is a good working email address.  no, i did not find my name on the list of contributors.  if this isn't a good email address, please provide a working email address.
are we getting the bonus disc as well? i ordered the soundtrack and have been waiting for the dvd. i don't want to order the dvd again to get the bonus disc. you should give it to all who pledged to reward us for our patience.
please denny, let us know what this is all about: if you truly lack access to the survey's answers why not just tell us. in any case that email address is no good (at least so my mailer daemon says)
my response to denny's email bounced back as well. so, denny, can you please let us know what correct email we need to send you our info? and, if there is going to be a blu-ray, will everyone automatically get that... but if not, how can we all upgrade? denny, please let us all know. thanks!
all of the information requested should be available through kickstarter and not have to be sent to a hotmail account.
not a scam!
i received an email asking for mailing info and pledge amount. you're supposed to have all of that information from kickstarter. is the email legitimate? if it is why aren't you contacting us through kickstarter? is it a scam? has kickstarter blocked you for non-delivery?
i received the e-mail also. i replied and had my message returned to me. it seems my domain is on their block list. what gives? also, can i receive my dvd in blu-ray format? i'm looking forward to seeing the film.
i didn't hit return, i actually entered list@wreckingcrewfilm.com and apparently it forwards to the kickstarterwc@hotmail.com address. denny, please fix whatever is broken in your email system - or alert us to the scam!! thanks,
i got the same e-mail. i actually responded, and then got a returned e-mail message. not sure what's going on.
re: cosmo c's comment....i've been rummaging around trying to find out what's what with that same email, and this is the first i've seen of someone else questioning it. i'm not going to respond, i agree with cosmo. it is a a sophisticated scam if it is a scam. the links at the bottom go to dada mail and seem to be legit. i'm sure denny will address this and/or re-write an email. the date for responding is very suspicious. thanks cosmo.
i just received an email today with a due date of tomorrow (4.3.2015) asking for my current name and address and amount pledged.    it asked that the information be emailed to kickstarterwc@hotmail.com -    this certainly must be a phishing request.  has anyone else received such an email?
in the hopes that the dvd release is soon, i was wondering if there was a process to upgrade the dvd to blu-ray.  although in retrospect it would have been cheaper to not support the film and just buy the blu-ray,  i am still happy that i did.   (but i would prefer a blue-ray)
hi there!  i am still waiting for the following, after pledging to this kickstarter project: "reward: digital download of the movie (this will be delivered after the official theatrical release is finalized. eta- june 2014) plus your name on the thank you page of the wrecking crew website and dvd extras, a wrecking crew bumper sticker and a personal thank you from director denny tedesco.  estimated delivery: jun 2014" please let me know what is going on? thanks! :)
i was at the movies last week and i saw the wc trailer in the upcoming films -- i turned to my friend and said "i helped do that!"  looking forward to seeing it on a big screen.
i was a contributor, yet i have not received anything or even an email. i sent a message to denny via kickstarter asking him to write me  via my email....please...thanks.  i am waiting on dvd and whatever was promised in donation category. excited.
no apologies needed!  i am happy magnolia is working on the distribution.  this is a work best enjoyed on a big screen while surrounded by people i may not necessarily know but who, like me, love the music and the stories both - something that a dvd copy just can't do. thank you for the update on the release - looking forward to a showing!
hello denny!  will there be an option to upgrade from a dvd to a bluray?  i'd much rather have a blueray...
"done right" is better than "done fast".  and we all know everything takes longer and costs more...
hi, i'm not sure why some of the backers get my messages and other don't.  i apologize for that.  it took me longer than i thought to pay off the final licenses and i'm still going through the last contracts.  but the best news was, magnolia pictures picked up the film. they are releasing the film in march theatrically and then the dvds will follow right after that.   as i've said to many, i was an idiot to think i could ever meet that deadline.  i'm so sorry for that.     denny
yes, add my voice to the chorus wondering when that dvd is coming...we're quite a ways past that eta date of august...
love my coffee mug and bumper sticker, but when are we getting the dvds? looking so forward to watching it.
finally listened to the episode of marc maron's wtf podcast where you discussed the wrecking crew and your father. can't wait to see the movie!
wondering when the dvd's will be mailed out.  still waiting.   ?????
hi. i see the "best for last" cd is available on cdbaby, but i have not yet received a link for my download of the album, which is the level i pledged at. will that be coming soon? thanks.
an update would be appreciated.
could we kindly get an update of the project.
wondering when we might be getting the dvd that was part of this pledge?
so sorry i will miss you guys in san rafael tomorrow night.  look forward to the next screening opportunity and patiently awaiting the release of the blu ray/dvd. question...  i think at the time we pledged, you were only offering a dvd however, i thought i read that you will also be releasing a blu ray.  would prefer a blu ray, if possible.  is it possible to upgrade my pledge to receive a blu ray as opposed to a dvd?
the tour jacket and other goodies arrived yesterday!  just waitin' on a cold front to push through dallas to get to wear it.   thank you again for letting me be a small part of this great project!
i forgot to say thank you for the awesome t-shirt, bumper sticker, autographed card... thank you! i am so grateful for the opportunity to play just a tiny part in this truly epic project.
cap arrived today. love it. thanks guys!
my wife and i went to the namm show just so we could see hal blaine inducted into the tec hall of fame. i wish we could have met him but it was just an honor to be able to see him in person we had such a great time tonight.
got my hal blaine signed drum head today! i have the perfect place to hang it on my wall. thanks hal and denny.
wow $300k + !!!
i had this same problem vivian greene and others. in fact i wasn't even listed as a backer on this or any of my other ks backing projects!!! i think logging out and logging back in helped me so that is definitely worth a try. best regards, nick andrews
i am unable to respond to you for my reward. computer gremlins? each time i try it says i have to answer every question - which i have. i have been able to respond to the other campaign rewards without any trouble.
vivian,  i had this problem with a couple of my pledges as we'll.  if you log into the wrecking crew web-site with the screen name/email address that you used for the pledge, you should see a note near the top of the screen indicating that they need you to take a survey.  that is it.  just make sure you are logged into kickstarter with the appropriate email address.  if you log in without an email address or the wrong one, you won't see the message. good luck.  hal
@vivian, i had trouble with one of my pledges from my mobile device, but worked fine on my computer. maybe try a different browser, like firefox or chrome. hope this may help.
every time i submit my information in the reward survey, it is rejected. i've backed several hundred campaigns, and this is only happening on the wrecking crew. again and again and again.can you please help me with these computer gremlins? great campaign! congrats.
denny, i was extremely honored to meet you when you had a viewing in novi, michigan.  being a former musician for 25 years, i was very touched by the new information your documentary taught.  although my contribution is nothing major, i will always continue to support your efforts and the film.  if you are every in the northville or novi area, please get in touch with me.  i have a lot of people who would be really happy to meet you.  the best of luck with the film!
i'm thrilled that this project met its goal (and i'm proud to have been a small part of that). the wrecking crew are truly the unsung heroes of pop music's golden age, and their story deserves to be told. thank you denny for making this happen! i can't wait to see the film!
i'm so happy that i was able to contribute in a small way to the success of this project. this music was the soundtrack of my young life and played a role in helping me to become a musician. i am so thankful that denny had the foresight and the tenacity to see his project through to completion. i believe this movie will be an historical reference for musicians & music lovers for decades to come. when someone wishes to research who was responsible for the sounds of the golden age of rock & roll, this movie will be an invaluable tool. thanks for letting me be a small part of its success!....thank you denny!......and god bless the wrecking crew!
i am honored to be part of the funding process for this incredibly historic project!
great! this is where kickstarter shines...making dreams come true. denny, you hung in there and got it done! your dad would be proud of you!
great! this is where kickstarter shines...making dreams come true. denny, you hung in there and got it done! your dad would be proud of you!
denny,so very happy to see your dream come true. finally the recognition and credit   for your dad and the wrecking crew will be known!! talking proud!!!
so glad i could help, even in a small way.  hoping this film finds it's way to ithaca, ny. john beach ithaca, ny
so happy and proud to have helped this project any way i could and so thrilled that the goal has been reached.  can't wait to see the film in its entirety.  have greatly enjoyed the clips i have seen.  it is impossible to calculate how deep and wide their influence has been on us all.  i know their work greatly fostered my own desire to play and write music and enormously enhanced my own appreciation and love for the art.  thanks, denny for seeing this through!
thank you denny for creating this delightful film. i met you and saw the screening at prosser, wa. until that time i had heard brian wilson talking to the musicians on the pet sounds box set session recording, but did not realize who they were. the best description i can give of their work is that they have touched my soul and i carry them in my heart forever. m. d. harting
congratulations, denny! so glad to see that you [not only reached, but exceeded] your goal. it is a terrific documentary that deserves to be seen by all. i can't wait to place my copy alongside standing in the shadows of motown, muscle shoals and sound city.
congratulations on the successful funding of "the wrecking crew," the movie! i've played a huge majority of those great hits on which the crew were a part on all my radio shows from the early 1960s through to early 2000s including wls in chicago and kfrc in san francisco and others!  i am proud to be a minor backer of your project, and look forward to seeing your film in theaters everywhere! the best to you!  chuck buell
congratulations, denny, on fulfilling this labor of love.  i'm happy that i was able to help.  joe osborn's crew bass lines inspired me when i first started playing in 1965 even before i knew who he was.  the contributions of the crew influenced so many more players, and modern music would not be the same without them.
congratulations!!! i can't wait to see the film! thank you for doing this, you're about to make a lot of people who know nothing about this era very happy, thank you very much!!
congratulations!!!!  i am so proud and honored to be a part of this film! words can not speak what i feel in my heart for all those responsible for bringing this to reality…i must thank each and every sponsor from north to south, east to west who believed in the possibilities to get this done & who believed in me to help them be a part of this, i am eternally grateful. i personally thank everyone for helping denny by backing the wrecking crew on kickstarter & all those who donated on the website these past years! you have made him very happy! may you all prosper. your generosity is forever treasured! thank you all so much !!  oh and denny i'm last!  b e l i e v e
free at last, free at last! well, maybe it's not "free", but at least it's now paid for.
loved the film denny when i saw it. good luck with it. fantastic job!!!!
congratulations denny!  can't wait to see this. thanks for all your hard work on this and for also posting this cool outtakes - hopefully you'll be able to include some more outtakes on the dvd as well?
ok! now maybe i can get some work done.
i am with the last 3 posts. can't help but to root for that next big number. it will be nice to see this finish off just over that 300k mark. god bless, denny, you're hard work will soon payoff.
after hitting the 250k target i thought that i was done with the countdown. wrong! here i am counting down to 300k. only $617 to go!
here we go.  another countdown.  $2,777 to go.
wish i had the $3347 to round it off - hope someone has!!!!
i have loved this film and tracked it for 5 years.  so excited you are finally getting to share it with everyone!
didn't pledge big dough but pledged...very happy we yes we made it!
so proud to be a small part of this project! congratulations to everyone involved!
for the signed poster prize, who all is signing the poster? thanks!
congrats! can't wait for my download to arrive!
yeah, baby! you did it! saw you and the film in rochester - couldn't be more pleased for you and proud of you! thanks for letting us help in our very small way.
i'm so excited! congratulations on exceeding your goal! now i can share the wrecking crew documentary with my family!
congratulations denny, you should be proud , you deserve it !!! chris
i'd sure like to see what that wrecking crew tour jacket looks like before the campaign ends, please!
really amazing, denny! i'm glad my insight helped you overcome some of your fears with kickstarter. you had some amazing publications backing you up. saying hello from detroit.
@sherry, you can create a free email address on gmail or yahoo or use another email address to signon. i hope this is what you mean.
does anyone know how to donate on behalf of someone else?
i donated , before the kickstarter campaign, again on kickstater, and then increased that amount again.  i really wanted to see this movie. now it looks like it's going to happen. i couldn't be happier about this. congratulations.
this is fantastic!! i can't wait to see the whole movie also. thank you denny and the whole wc! looking forward to working with you and don and create a wc inspired recording!
pete cruz is so right.  and so many others have their "denny stories" of how he helped them.  that is denny. but it also occurred to me that we should also be thanking denny for the opportunity to be a small part of something positive and worthwhile.  i feel like a favorite sports team has just won the championship - and i helped. the reality is that over 3,500 strangers came together to support something of significance and because of its success we all are walking bit taller today, have an extra bounce to our steps and have big smiles on our faces. thank you denny.
congratulations denny! i'm so proud to be a backer. hal blaine was the musician who inspired me to become a drummer in the first place. i'm so pleased to know that he and all the other master musicians of the wrecking crew will now become the household names that they so rightly deserve to be. thanks to you for fighting the good fight and winning!
congratulations denny! just so everyone is aware, along the way denny has helped out a lot of charities. i have done some work with the orangewood children's foundation here in santa ana, ca. when we were looking for a way to raise money i asked denny if he'd be willing to screen the movie and help raise money for the cause. he said yes in a heartbeat and we raised a good amount of money for the kids. i am honored to call denny a friend and although i never met his father i feel as though i know him through the film. i've seen the movie numerous times over the years and i'm still somewhat in shock that the movie is finally going to be released to the general public. great job everyone in getting this done!
happy happy joy joy!!!!  you (we) made it.  congratulations!
i'm so proud of you for making this happen! the total is going up even as i type. cannot wait to finally see your passion on my screen. congratulations!
it's 4:25 am saturday as get up for work and i see over $255k pledged!  amazing!  just flat out amazing!  congratulations denny!  your 17 years of work and worry has paid off beautifully and i couldn't be happier for you.  and, as i'm typing this, the total just clicked over to $256,001.  everyone that has chipped in whatever they could should be proud of the history we helped preserve.  congratulations, again, denny!
wow! i am so excited that the goal has been reached with a week to go! i have not been one of the lucky ones that have already seen this movie, but the subject matter is as much a part of me as any instrument i've ever played. so, i am really excited that the movie will be out there in release so  not only i can finally see it, but all my musician friends too. we've waited so long for this...."excited" doesn't even begin to describe it!
great news denny. y'all made it!!
denny congratulations from tk in champagne france! tonight a magnum will be sabered in honor of your project. will be in london monday and will advise uk crew, best wishes terence kenny
woooot!!!  totally pumped and so happy for you!  also glad you've gone over the benchmark amount.  i hope you get enough extra to pay the fees so you have a clear 250,000.  congratulations!  jerry and i are so looking forward to seeing the movie when it's commercially released.
denny, congratulations from vera ross, brad ross, and jonathan rosenberg on reaching and surpassing your goal. our efforts to develop our legacy project on stan ross and gold star recording studios have been inspired and assisted by your dedication to your project to acknowledge the work of your father, tommy and the talents of the wrecking crew musicians.
congratulations denny, your hard work has paid off. i can't wait to see it!!
wow! i'm so happy for ya denny...and for all of us! big conratulations! i knew you would make it and i can't wait to see it! if there ever was a project that deserved support, this is the one! now merry christmas! :)
congratulations denny. you never gave up ! this is fantastic. to all those that made this music thank you for all these year of the best music ever made.
great job everyone!
congratulations - and it looks like it wants to keep growing!
i feel so much better now.
you made it! i'm so excited..cuz i'm one of those drummers that grew up not realizing that hal blaine was 2 or 3 of my 5 favorite drummers…cuz "smile" would never have sounded like it did without these players…they made those glen campbell classic tracks like "witchita lineman" that were the soundtrack of my life in a little texas town…i could go on and on…yea! congratulations….
hooray!
wonderful news!!  i'm so glad to be a part of this!
congratulations denny!  your success is well deserved!  all the best to you and your family this holiday season!
river deep, mountain high baby!!!!!!!!!!!!-----you did it denny & damon----woo hoo!!  my husband, jim has been giving me hourly updates for the better part of 2 weeks;  (before that it was just daily...  :)    congrats on your labor of love and allowing us to be a part of it!
congratulations!!!!!!!  so great to watch the final hours tick down until the goal was achieved!  so much hard work on your part to make this happen!
best news!!!
wow!!!!!!!!! congrats, guys!!!
congratulations, damon and denny!  so very happy for you and happy to be a part of this wonderful project!
woo hoo! congrats denny!!!!
you're  gonna do it! i gave again! i loved the book...i listen to all that great music with an informed ear. can't wait to see it!
i agree with jim. i feel like i'm watching the  election returns. thankfully my guy is leading!! congrats to all!
jackaboutguitars.com would like to thank denny tedesco for his wonderful interview, permission to use the wrecking crew logo, photos, & videos for the article at http://www.jackaboutguitars.com, but most of all, thank him for his preserverance in making this great film (which i believe is one of the greatest music history films ever made) and not giving up until getting it to the big screen!  congratulations denny tedesco!!! sincerely, jack huerta
i keep checking the amount. it's a very "are we there yet?" kind of a feeling.
i wonder how many of us have turned off the tv, put on some beach boys or glen campbell music and can't stop staring at these numbers until they hit the magic $250,000? there are thousands of us out here rooting for your project denny! if i am this excited for you i can't imagine how you feel, knowing all of your hard work will soon be complete. god bless!
got my copy of the film ordered. and look at the $$$ count keep rolling on up!! : )
i am very happy our small contribution is going to help bring this project to fruition. i saw a screening here in rochester ny and fell in love with this and immediately wanted to help out. i wish denny and everyone associated with this project much success - you deserve it. it's true - small actions can do great things. denny, you got this!
real good idea.  i'd catch the next plane from dallas to hoist a few for that special occasion.
great idea pete!
when this funds (and it will fund) we should all go out to the baked potato in hollywood and hoist a few with denny, damon and don randi! of course 3,273 of us is going to be a squeeze but hey it'll be worth it!!!
just popped for another 50. worked with denny's brother damon this morning; he's a lot less nervous than the last time i saw him - which was only a few days ago! so it looks like this is going to make its goal. however....there are apparently other incidental and misc. expenses remaining, so lets keep this going and try and over-fund twc. nice job, backers!
looks like it's going to happen!  good luck denny!
a suspense film could be made about this final push. i think i smell a new kickstarter project...
don't know about anyone else - but i'm a nervous wreck!  you're going to make it, denny!!!!!!!!!
ok, all doubt has been removed for me. this should fund by tomorrow! congrats to denny and damon!
so happy this is happening. hope there's some footage of my high school friend's father lyle ritz.
hey denny, thanks for sharing the wrecking crew story yesterday in thousand oaks.  i've ordered 2 copies of the dvd and am excitedly watching the total pledges  get closer to the goal. all the best!
this could actually happen...
hey denny - just topped off my original $100 no-strings pledge with 30$ to get a dvd - amazing job - the movie is a must see and every outtake brings joy and tears. thank you !
if every backer gave just 10 more dollars, we'll hit our goal.  let's do this!
getting so close to the goal! incredible movie and a great time meeting you and hal blaine at modern drummer's rock n roll fantasy camp in november. will be watching to the final day as many others who have backed this amazing project!! exciting to see this final push and see this great story get done!!
wow! this is getting fun! i'm going to bump up my pledge (again) when i get home tonight. sprinting to the finish line!!!
almost there....
wow! what a day we had yesterday! we are sooooo close, spread the word to friends and family so we can make this happen! kudos to all those that have "upped" their pledges!
almost there!!  let's repost, spread the word and help denny finally get this out.  go, wrecking crew!
just bumped up my pledge! :)
wow!  last night when i checked in it was $187,000!  look at it now!  just tweeted once again to help drive this up today.  denny, your're getting close, man!  thank you again for making this fantastic film!
i can't wait to see the next graph! what an incredible day.
now this is one movie i want to see! a tribute to the awesome musicians and producers who made/make all the hit songs sound like hits! also the soundtrack to our past. yeah, i made a small contribution and can't wait to see it, when it gets released. ♥ :) we can all share on fb & twitter, to get more supporters! i just did! and i know it will make it! :)
this last hour has been phenomenal...keep on rolling!
i am in! loved the film. can't wait to share it with my friends.
just doubled my pledge
ok. doubled my pledge from $50 to $100. let's get this made.
just increased my pledge by $25.00 as suggested earlier in this thread. i challenge the rest of y'all to do the same !
not to be argumentative, but the goal is not unrealistic. given the range in pledge possibilities, the importance of the movie and the fact that there are over 28,000 facebook followers, even though $250,000 is a significant amount, it is  not unrealistic.
is there a plan b? in retrospect, a quarter of a million dollars may have been a tad too ambitious. it's the largest ks i've ever seen. darn shame as it is such a worthy project. the only way - short of a well-healed benefactor - is attracting more people. times are tough economically, many people are stretched and can't double or triple their pledges. it's an unrealistic expectation for a very discretionary purchase.
250 - 186 = 64 ($64,000) 2,638 x $25 = $65,950 so... if all the "current" backers up their pledges by $25 we are home free! i just upped mine from $100 to $125, will you join me and get this done?!!
i just added another $200 to my pledge.  happy to do it!
opps, make that $200.  cool!
pestered my husband, so we are in for another $50.  i agree, let's do this.
ok, i am in for another $50. let's go.
earlier i challenged everyone to triple their pledge. i went from $50 to $150 and a second one for $15. (my wife really wants those picks) so now if all of the current backers kicked it up another $30 we would be done. i think i will use another email address and go another $50. i really like that coffee mug, but mostly want to see denny succeed!
agreed!  i increased my pledge and have been encouraging/pestering my friends.  this wonderful documentary needs to be released!  last week's new yorker article helped get the word out, but more folks need to know about "the wrecking crew" for this project to be fully funded.   denny, would you consider doing an "ask me anything" on reddit?   http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/
i have been watching the numbers, and wondering whether we're gonna make it. looking for an excuse to pitch in some more. the latest email update got me.  sorry, other gold(star) brick fans. everybody dig a little deeper and rattle some more of your friends' cages. we gotta get this done.
i increased mine 10 fold to $500. we have to make this happen!
@jennifer that is exactly the spirit of this kickstart  i tripled mine. but we are a  little behind the curve. so, again i challenge all of you original backers. can you triple your pledge? we need $6.500 every day to make this happen!
i just increased my pledge from $25 to $75!  merry christmas to everyone working to get this awesome film produced properly!!
hi denny   first time i heard of this magnificent undertaking,  and im totally blown away.   this is must story that has to be told.    i grew up as a teenager through that whole era, played in bands till my hands finally gave out.  was never so happy to see a documentary paying tribute to the funk brothers the real driving force of motown.  creative geniuses they were. jumped in to support jay roberts film project on the life and career of his father the late howard roberts, another story that needed to be brought to the forefront not only as a great muscian and artist, but also as a session muscian in la for a list of groups and artists miles in length the wrecking crew project is way overdue and so is the recognition these talented dedicated musicians humbly deserve
the new yorker posted a piece about the project today: http://www.newyorker.com/online/blogs/culture/2013/12/the-session-musicians-who-dominated-1960s-pop.html
after hearing that phone bit with hal blaine...now i'm confused! !
ok.  here is my "two cents".  at the risk of stating the obvious, and given that this would fall under the category of "preaching to the choir", there is a simple way to make multiple pledges.  create multiple email addresses.  it is not a big deal.  in the old days people commonly had multiple addresses for "snail" mail - home, business and perhaps a post office box or two (my family had many, but that is another story and a sensitive subject).  all anyone has to do is open up a couple extra email addresses.  it costs nothing to have gmail, hotmail, aol, etc. addresses.  all of your pledged "purchases" will still funnel through amazon and can be sent to the same or different snail mail addresses.  really easy.  not a big deal.  given what denny and everyone else is trying to accomplish, if you've gone to the trouble to even consider multiple pledges, then creating multiple addresses is not too great a task. one last comment.  i can tell you from personal experience, and not to brag, but the wc bowling shirt is quite the chick magnet.  i strongly recommend it.
just doubled up my pledge....it's past the critical halfway point, so i think this project is going to make it!! go wreckies!!
denny, great interview with richard carpenter. it takes me way back. and your project is coming closer to you. good luck...you're going to make it
this is your chance to not only secure yourself a copy of this incredible film and other great rewards, but also an opportunity to help make it available to the rest of the world!  having seen a screening of it i can tell you that this is one of those very rare music documentaries that you will want to watch again and again!  please don't hesitate!  if you haven't done so already, make a pledge to this campaign and help get it released to the public.  and... help spread the word!
multiple rewards-i had the same problem. i created a second id and also had my wife join in so she could get what she wanted. i might create another. i really want that cool coffee mug. and to those i challenged with triple your pledge, now is the time if you haven't already. we are well past the half way point. $150,000 would look very encouraging today! and to ml, i think the big boys would just screw this up trying to get as much $  as they can. google lester chambers. let's go grassroots!
what incentive must there be for the monied hollywood people to sponsor this project. i'm completely baffled. where are they?  they know wc is here and brilliant, so what gives?  every major studio head knows its powerful and lucrative potential.  gather your lawyers and executives and declare. then spin a feature out of it-or series. this is borderline humiliating to dt. wake up and smell the box offices gentleman,  my god.
this movie and the motown movie (sitsom) are amazing, heart-breaking stories of untold heroes. the motown movie brought tears to my eyes and i'm sure this will as well. thanks and the best of luck! now, where's trump?? :)
i'm in!
this kickstart needs to be at $130,000 to be on track. i traded in that cool coffee mug for a drum head signed by hal blaine! who wouldn't want that! there are still 24 left. let's see if we can sell them out today.
t.a.m.i. is a great addition.  super idea.
i'm in!
wow! nice jump! this could happen
ok, just $23,469 to make it half way. today?
i didn't realize that category was gone. i just tripled my pledge. anybody else kick it up a little? let's see this hit the 6 figures today!
alright! i am just waiting for damon to answer a couple of questions an i will triple my pledge.
i'm in! :)
i'm in
i'm in
i'm in!
"i'm in!"
i'm in!  make it happen, everybody!!
i'm in - best of luck to all involved, sounds like a great project.
i'm in! been working with hall of fame inductee, lifetime achievement grammy award winner and original beach boy, al jardine for 15 years. from the beach boys to motown to downtown. the wrecking crew, still today, are as historic as any american icon and a space in time that touched us all then and still continues to be a benchmark to young songwriters and players to aspire to their level and grace the airwaves. when you here that one song that takes you back to that one special place or moment in your life and you reach for the volume knob. it's then, it's now, it's forever new it's, the wrecking crew... respectfully submitted; the right reverend
i'm in
"i'm in!"
i'll triple my pledge if the next 10 comments say "i'm in!"
time is getting short. everyone double your pledge now !
might be the best 24 hour total. keep it growing!
please keep spreading the word!
an absolute masterclass  for musicians young and old, ,told by the guys and girls that were really there making all this ground breaking music--not sure if they realised at the time what a legacy they were creating but we should all be thankful for their efforts. thank you denny for finally putting the spotlight on an incredibly talented bunch of musicians for  the world to know about!!
"this educational video, should be added to all, music curriculums. very inspirational."
great project! best of luck!
what a great project. nancy sinatra's twitter page sent me here and now i am spreading the word. really looking forward to this.
i'm in. with 26,691 likes on facebook $10 from each like puts denny over the top.
" the wrecking crew " ,is the true story about a group of los angeles session musicians who through their hard work ,dedication ,and talents, created the soundtrack of our lives ! i'm proud,and honored to be a backer of this very worthy campaign ! if you are a musician , or just love music , this is a must see, thank you denny  !! chris
i'm proud to be a backer!  this is such a worthy campaign!  denny i hope you can relax a little and enjoy this amazing ride!
the music of the wrecking crew was a huge part of the soundtrack of my youth, and i’m happy to support the effort to get their story told. i admire the work of all the "crew members", but i have a special interest in tommy tedesco’s story, since he was from niagara falls, my own hometown. good luck, denny, and thanks for your tireless efforts!
anyone who grew up with this music or anyone who grew up with their parents playing this music or indeed anyone who loves music should support denny and make sure that this doco gets out there!
glad to help on the road to it's release. coolest music documentary ever! was great to see the doc & meet you folks the last time you came to glasgow.
i'm already a "roadie" but happy to help a bit more. songs on the charts and in our hearts.
one of the best music related films ever made.  inside stories of the songs we all grew up listening to -- many of the biggest hits of the '50s, '60s and '70s -- by the people who recorded the tracks created the soundtrack of our generation. best money you'll spend all year!!
the best use of kickstarter to date!  i can't wait to see this project completed!  in memory of our old friend al casey, bless you, denny.
best of luck in bringing this rich and important piece of music history to the masses.
love these guys and their music. they made my childhood. i learned the guitar listening to their songs.
if you're interested in the story behind countless hits and the musicians that played those sessions, you need to back this kickstarter project.   did you know that many artists like the beach boys did not record their own hits?  they were considered the touring band, while the hits were constructed back in the studio by producers and "the wrecking crew".
i look forward to your richly deserved success with this project! it is a life changing movie, and for the better. thank you for your tireless service... ...steve>>>
i am honored to support this worthwhile project.  not just because this film needs to be released, but because it is denny's dream.  denny is truly a selfless, caring person and deserves nothing less than having the support that he has provided to others be reciprocated.   hal bogart
i saw this at the last screening in dallas, twice actually.  at the guitar show but we had to compete with clinics being held right next to us.  denny was good enough to schedule a second screening that night at dangerous guitar and even bought the pizza.  this move is a pure joy for anyone to see.  it's a must see!  denny is correct, it is the soundtrack of our lives.  many summers in upstate ny spent with the songs in this movie.  good luck, denny!  it's good to see your dream will be realized very soon.  very happy for you!  -nick
best of luck to you denny, this is a story that needs to be told and seen. a big part of rock and roll history not many people  know about, what a shame. i hope your movie changes that.
hi denny!  you have created such a wonderful film that gives credit where credit is due, to the many fantastic musicians in the wrecking crew that have provided so many of us with hours of listening pleasure!  i hope everyone will get the opportunity to see this film soon and realize how many songs the wrecking crew lent their creative musical genius to while playing!  thanks!
ok, completely aside from the historical, cultural and musical interest here, everyone ought to be able to see denny tedesco's personal statement. it's fun, exciting, thrilling.
denny & damon - congrat's on this amazing film! i was there for the premier at the arclight - and i also had the honor of playing on sessions with tommy back in the 80's/early 90's. even got to hear one of his famous stories about working with producers when he accepted his "emeritus" mvp award from naras (some little eatery in hollywood, probably mid 80's). always loved his playing and is sense of humor. best of luck with the kickstarter! - steve kujala
