hi i just put through my servey i forgot about in 2014. just wondering if i will still get my purchased item.
@ creator. i didn't receive the color i choose on my survey. anyway to fix this?
sharisse - the rotation being difficult is both a good and bad thing.  as you break them in the rotation will get easier... but you have to break them in. the tolerance is pretty tight initially because i want them to last.  you might want to spend a few minutes just rotating them back and forth. the canisters are bpa free, as well as the rim and measuring cap body.  so all of the parts that are in long term contact with your dry goods are bpa free.  the clear top pieces are made of poly-carbonate which contains bpa, but those pieces are only in contact with the stored product for seconds as you're measuring and dispensing.  i've done a ton of research on the bpa issue and i feel very comfortable saying there are zero bpa related (or any other) health concerns with your made's. the made's are dishwasher safe.  i'll be posting a video soon showing how to disassemble and re-assemble your made's for the rare occasions when you'll need/want to clean them.
couple questions: is there a way to turn them smoothly? unfortunately i can barely turn ours. is the plastic bpa free? is it dishwasher safe? thanks!
got mine as well, they look awesome, and exactly like i thought.... great job creator....
mine showed up today. they are awesome! can't wait to take them to the store. thanks!
getting excited. can't wait to get this in!
i sent a request into kickstarter to get the details on how to make an address change. no word back yet. i wasn't able to find it either. as soon as i get word, i'll pass it along.
@creator pretty pumped that this is moving along, thanks for the updates can't wait to get this smart dispenser!!!!
if you check your backed projects it should have something that says 'reward', 'survey', 'messages' check survey's thats where you put your shipping address when the survey was sent
i got the notice about addresses verification,  but no details on how to verify my addressed or where to even check my address?
@creator whats shaking with the product =)
hi, any updates??
@creator anymore updates =)
sounds excellent.  really appreciate you keeping in touch and providing us with all the ups and downs of the project.
@the tees the light at the end of the tunnel is getting very bright. the factory should have the revisions to the window on the canister done by this time next week. design wise the revision isn't too complicated and hopefully there won't be any need for another round. with just a small bit of luck, i'll be ordering the production run prior to memorial day.
@creator thanks for the updates looks like things are moving along.
@obolon  yes, you will be getting your rewards.
good news.  the factory has been able to resolve the curvature issue without the retool!  my designer was in china last week, and he signed off on the fix.  saved 3,000.  we're down to a final issue, the window in the canister. the window is intended to be permanent, but because of shrinkage issues and the design called two different materials, we weren't getting a permanent join. we've re-designed the window to be of the same material as the canister and then joined trough a sonic weld, so it will essentially be one piece.  i'm sending a full update out today that will get deeper into the everything that's happened over the last month. it's been a tough, but at the end, good month! thanks for touching bases.
@creator have they started the retooling yet? i know you said two months just curious if there is an update
i received an email from the first campaign about the new one asking to pledge $60. are the backers of this one still getting the rewards?
thanks for all the updates and great communication! it's really appreciated. glad to see the hurdles are being overcome! :)
@creator thanks again for the update. glass to see the progress. hopefully there's another update before the two months.
thanks for the update @creator  looking forward to these
update please!
@creator any more updates on this project. last one was a month ago and it was in regards to  production. already know about the chinese new year......
any updates on the samples from january 5th
@creator thanks for keeping us updated. for me at least being a backer is all about being involved in the process. appreciate any updates no matter how minor or if there are set backs. thanks
hi all - i'm not getting notified when comments are posted.  i'll have to check my settings.  just posted an update with pics of the molds.  it's going slow, but its going. thanks for your patience.
@creator how are things looking for mid december?
update?
i agree. we deserve an update!
@ creator any updates? as a backer i am always a fan of getting updates as we are backing a project and do wnat to know the highs and lows
@creator... any updates? on progress? not expecting them before the end of the year but whats happened since the beginning of the month?
thanks for the update and great news.
just posted an update, it's good news!
any word on funding?
any hopes of pulling this off, i really like the project and am willing to wait for a refund. i'd really rather have the product, i like your idea. if you think you have any chance of getting more funding i'll wait.
hoping that the financing comes through, but appreciative if you not disappearing and contacting us. this is a great product, but i know there's a certain amount of luck needed to succeed.
long story short, my equity partner ran into medical problems which made him decide to concentrate on family and faith instead of new business ventures.  this left me searching for financing which has caused the delays, i've put all my time and income into this project and believe me, i'm the most upset about the situation.  just know i'm not a bad guy and i've been and will continue to be honorable in my stewardship of your investment.
i know tracy, i thought they were.  if i don't have financing in place by oct. 1, i'll be returning your money.  every penny.
uh... things should have been worked out months ago. not fair to keep consumers hanging. the current message said nothing concrete about delivery.
well they did send out a survey in august. be nice to know if they will be keeping there shipping date of october?
i hope they're not a scam...
i just sent an email requesting an update. i hope we get a response and an update.
yeah i'm beginning to wonder if this is gonna go through or not
it's been about two months, what's going on? is this still a project or what?
update please
update? action plan? surveys?
awesome. great info. such thought put into the project.
hi walter!  thank you for being one of the biggest backers of the made. the made will be manufactured of two materials the opaque components will be made of fda approved, food grade polypropylene.  i chose this material for three reasons:  polypropylene is bpa free, can take a beating and never lose it's aesthetic, and is 100% recyclable.  i'm also currently exploring the use of a combination of recycled and virgin polypropylene to manufacture the made. there is an outside chance of using a 100% recycled pp product called e-cycle, a proprietary product developed by pmi worldwide (aladdin and stanley).  i would love to decrease the made's footprint as much as possible. the clear components will be manufactured out of eastman's tritan copolyester.  i'm choosing this material because its bpa free, has great clarity and durability and is dishwasher safe.  thanks again walter!
i may have missed it in the description, but what material will the made be composed of? it was just weird asking what the made is made of. :)
