our house hydrant and quick connect kits arrived on time in very professional packaging. i have already used the quick connect and plan to install the house hydrant this weekend. they seem really well built. instructions are easy to follow.
received mine.  product looks amazing.  thank you. are there any video or instructions on how to replace the existing hose on old houses? thanks.
@adam-lee smith:  thank you for the comment! we look forward to working with you in the future as well.
just received my order! everything feels top notch and heavy duty! definitely will be ordering a few more! thanks guys!
@david twomey & @ john mcbride: we really appreciate your feedback!  we are trying to improve upon all aspects of the outdoor faucet market.
just got it! awesome job guys! i ordered the quick connect kit and hose adaptor feels solid. better, now i have absolutely no leaks! props on the packaging as well!
this is truly a unique and transformative design that could replace gate valve hose connectors forever.
originally i was going to add additional connectors and then totally forgot about it and felt bad until today!!!!.  i'm glad that the funding is completed!!!!!!    i'm really looking forward to more creative ideas for home building/renovating.
very happy this is moving forward!!
very excited this got funded.  looking forward to getting our house hydrants!!
congrats on the funding guys
we are close but not quite there, maybe add an option to be able to add on extra connectors and tap connectors? if everyone spends an extra $10 we are there :)
your faucet looks great, i wish you shipped outside us/ca. best of luck, you're close to your goal
@ david twomey: we are accepting cash/check orders from friends and family locally, and adding that to our campaign.
how did funding go from under $17k one night to $20k the next morning when the number of backers is still the same?
might want to advertise this on home improvement sites or social media, looks like the backers and pledges have stagnated.
i've been using this product in the beta stage, at my home for gardening and cleaning chores. i can say from experience with this adapter to my existing faucet, that this saves me 1-3 minutes spent screwing on the brass hose connector, every time i used it. i store the hose separately from the faucet so it isn't in the way. connecting the hose to my faucet, down under this half shed thingy, used to take me at least a minute of futzing. after getting my adapter to aquor for the faucet, it takes me literally a second now. gardening is frustrating, the faucet spraying me in the face every time i turned on the spigot, had been one of those frustrations; now i can focus on the goddamn dandelions that sprout overnight like mushrooms around here.
i took the hose adaptor in to henrys garden center in port townsend a few days back.  i have one of our connectors adapted to a pressure gauge.  the gauge peaks at 100psi and the needle swung 50% further so i estimated pressure to be close to 150psi.  we then engaged the new hose with a connector on one end and the extender on the other and then plugged in the nozzle with our blue connector.  the employees and i could still operate the aquor system with ease and no leaks or blow by.  it is not healthy for a water system to have such high pressure so i suggested a reducer to get pressure to 80psi or below.
@ spudman88: our shipment dates are optimistic, but carefully planned. the hydrants are produced in our own factory, so we know every step and detail of the manufacturing process. we have limited the quantities to what we know we can produce by the end of each month. if we experience any delays, we will be sure to keep everyone updated.
@ teresa gillett: thank you so much for the kind words and support - we're glad you're enjoying your house hydrant! looking forward to hearing what you think of the redesigned cover.
@ jalal awada: the $60 reward (house hydrant & hose adapter) weighs about 3.2 pounds total, plus the shipping box.
this looks really cool to me but july seems like a aggressive ship date. do you really think you can have them made and shipped that quickly?
hi all!  i have been using one of the very first versions of the house hydrant, and i couldn't be more happy with it! i am super excited to have this new version and see the new improvements.  the cover will be great for the siding of my house! keep up the good work guys!
how much would the 60$ reward weigh in total?
