hello all, writing to include my voice with the attendant confused-but-hopefuls. i was so happy to be given the opportunity to pass the hat. the hat appears to have left the building perched on an anonymous head some time ago, to parts unknown. so. after all of this anticipation, 2016 is a bit late to ask the ghtg administrators for a qualification of their use of the term "backer." for this project, does it ultimately mean "benefactor," as in one who sends money altruistically, or to mean "investor," as in one who sends money with the expectation that there is an expected return on investment? backer as a financial term can be used either way on kickstarter, in a wonderfully disruptive way. the most respectful and considerate way to participate with "backers" is to let them know which type of backer they will be acting as: benefactors, or investors. whither so late? with consideration, katherine
just to add, i sent an e-mail the same time i posted this message on here. no reply to either. i guess i shouldn't have expected anything less (or more)!
andy - that's all i seem to be getting to. shoddy, shoddy, shoddy...as far as i can see from my experience and reading those of others, everyone involved in this should be ashamed of how it's been handled. i appreciate, to an extent, the whole we're all fans of stuart's work, glad to see the film was made attitude some people have expressed. however, as soon as you ask people for money in exchange for the promise of goods and / or services, that dynamic changes markedly in my eyes...and we, the fans, have been shafted by this whole experience.
anybody else checked out the digital download of special features ? it says on the e-mail from beth special features including deleted scenes, but all i am getting are a set of deleted scenes..... is this the same for everybody or what am i missing ?
andy molloy, that was my reaction too, out of the blue, but it was a couple of months ago.  with the digital download of the kickstarter extras (which i haven't downloaded or watched yet) that's me all done!
holy s**t mother of god it all just arrived. . . . .
this is a message to fiona lewins, dont give up hope supporting movies through kickstarter. i have supported a few now and this one is the only one that has broken its contract with me. every other kickstarter campaign, even if it had minor issues, has came up with the goods and sometimes more. this one is a minority and a shambolic mess that has been miss-managed from the start with countless broken promises since. i still do not believe that the good folk out there will get everything they so deserve, or to put it more correctly, paid for.
good to have an update. still await my rewards.  feels odd not having seen the film as yet after having backed the project
oh my annual reminder i'm owed some rewards! this is the first time i have commented on the ghtg process.... it has totally put me off ever supporting a film again through kickstarter. saw the film 2 years ago now i think at melbourne film festival and so the rewards are all too late now to be of any interest but you still owe people so get it done! the film was a bit disappointing too tbh. i still love b&s but someone really let them down with their advice and support on this process at the start.
i have kind of lost track of all of this...but i have never received anything that was promised as part of this kickstarter campaign. no doubt i would have supported this without any promises simply because i like b&s and ghtg. however, promises were made and it feels like they were simply abandoned with little care. regarding the special dvd w extra features, i understand that this commitment was made with little understanding of how it might be executed. of course, it is not the end of the world if this were never to materialise, but it seems that in this digital age there are so many alternatives with little cost or effort to provide a replacement "reward" for sponsors, like simply letting us have digital access to the cutting room floor footage. the lack of any substantive communication to backers implies an indifference that disappoints me. again, i don't think many of the larger contributors supported this project for the promised benefits per se, but no doubt many are feel a bit down that their support has not been acknowledged in even the most minimal manner.
it's a shame, really. i want my money back. quick please.
...really nothing much to add to what everyone else has said, in most cases, more thoughtfully or eloquently than i could. just thought it was funny that there's a message to "be respectful and considerate" when leaving a comment - 2 qualities that appear to have been missing when dealing with supporters of the film.
the dvd came out in the uk months ago but i'm never going to be sent the link for the digital download of the film, am i? really expected more from a b&s related project.
looking forward to receiving my dvd. :) finally saw b&s after 16 years this weekend and it was incredible.
had a message from  some dude, maybe brad? a few weeks back, saying he was taking over the mess and that he'd get it sorted. . . that was a few weeks ago . . . nothing since. . . .
to be honest i am glad this movie was made. the problem that i have is as far as the rewards are concerned i have now completely given up. i mean the producer of this movie, barry, replied to me and told me he was going to sort things out and stated he was highly embarassed about the lack of management towards the rewards in general and the lack of responses given to those who, like me, parted with their cash and then did virtually nothing to sort it out and the replies are still not being answered on this site and many rewards are still missing, why should we waste our hope on this sorry mess and tarnish any good from the movie itself ? i have read time and time again on these comments about tweets and e-mails with appologies, well simply put, if they were bothered at all and spurred into action no more appologies would ever be needed. its time to say goodbye, but its far from a fond farewell.
still we wait for those digital downloads...
had a tweet from stuart and a tweet from barry, that's about it. both apologised and stated they'd look into it. nothing since.  i've pretty much given up on receiving anything now. and to be honest, it would all be a bit too late. crew pins? dvd releases? it's a shame. i'm a huge b and s fan and really liked the film. i thought it was a great project to help and i am genuinely glad that the film worked out well. however i do feel that this has left a bad taste in the mouth. we as backers helped raise over $100,000 towards the film. i know the overall budget was closer to $3,000,000, but if the backers money wasn't needed then the project should never have gone the crowd funded way. you look at other projects of similar nature the babadook for instance a well received project and great film and the difference in how people are treated seems to be huge. i'll keep pushing for a response, more out of decency rather than wanting a reward.
hi @andy molloy i’m a fellow backer in australia. the thing that i find most frustrating and depressing is the film distribution and release system. we couldn’t (legally) watch the film in australia until earlier this year. if the thing is being crowdsourced, you’d hope it would be the crowd that gets to see the thing first, or at least at the same time as everyone else; whether or not that requires paying for a film ticket. certainly not 2 years later (i know it came as part of melbourne film fest, but i don’t think it got anywhere else in australia). i’m curious (and this might have been covered somewhere in the surrounding media) what the total cost of the film was and how much of it was funded by grants - i wonder if the grant system introduces further restrictions on release. also i guess the project came along in relatively early days for crowdsourcing? maybe not. in the ideal world maybe there would have been an online screening for backers prior to general release, but suspect this would be impossible under the current distro system. also, if banchory is shipping the various region dvds to the uk from their respective overseas distributers in order to add the postcard and whatever other perks and then packing it up again and shipping it right back to the country of origin (by seamail both ways) it would explain additional delay. crazy duplication of resources, but i don’t know how else they would do it, other than multiple parcels per person, which obviously costs more. it’s depressing that this may scare people off backing future projects. i know crowdsourcing is about supporting a good thing to exist in the world, not a shop for something, but i'll think carefully about backing films if they are going to rely on the traditional distribution channels. tv is starting to get this concept of a worldwide audience; time for film to catch up.
still waiting for the special features download. creeping disillusionment setting in...
hi any news on when me (or anyone in australia?) will receive any of their rewards? if someone could please get back to me? cheers
hi any news on when me (or anyone in australia?) will receive any of their rewards? if someone could please get back to me? cheers
hi any news on when me (or anyone in australia?) will receive any of their rewards? if someone could please get back to me? cheers
thanks @andy mckeague,  i'll just keep updating this board with any news i get, nothing since barry's message. it's very disheartening and does leave a bad taste in the mouth, i'm sure there's a perfectly legitimate reason the project has been abandoned, it's just very sad that the information hasn't been passed on to us. i think i've given up on getting the rewards now (any of them, i've got my name on the credits, but that's it)
andy thanks for the update, but if you look at the posts below you will see that i have had communication from barry on jan 9th saying he was getting on to it, then on mar 24th saying he was embarrassed about what's been going on and the lack of the kickstarter exclusive disc and again that he was getting on to it.... each time the lack of formal responses on the site were mentioned and folks out there still have nothing to this date ! i am one of the lucky ones that i have most of my reward, the kickstarter exclusive disc i still await since this was actually promised and sorted with the distributors as the post on jan 2012 stated ! this whole distribution and management fiasco is beyond embarrassing and actually takes away some of the merit this project deserves!
barry mendel ‏@barrymendel  34 minutes ago @tlpsandy @nee_massey thank you for writing. we indeed must finish delivering prizes and keep folks better informed. we will get more on it.  we shall see...
hi any news on when me (or anyone in australia?) will receive any of their rewards? if someone could please get back to me? cheers
hi any news on when me (or anyone in australia?) will receive any of their rewards? if someone could please get back to me? cheers
i gave my money 3 years ago. and i got none of my rewards. rubbers!!
i never received my digital download. has that been sent out yet?
hi i am still waiting on the dvd, i have received nothing as of yet
cheerfully awaiting the special features. what's a few... months, between friends?
when did anyone last hear from the team? i have been emailing and messaging on kickstarter but have receive no response the last couple of months. i am still waiting for my dvd (uk version was released in october), as well as signed postcard, but the whole thing has gone silent. has anyone had any indication that the inbox is still checked?
and still we wait for our digital downloads...
nice to see some positive comments............
3 years and 3 months later, it arrived today: http://imgur.com/hyhqucg i could complain about the missing disc- as a matter of fact, i have, at some length- but instead i will acknowledge something beautiful. i messaged you guys a long while ago. when you asked backers to pick a shirt size, my size wasn't there. i'm very fat (no i'm not, yadda yadda) and asked if you could possibly do a 5x. you did. this is the first time in my life i've had a band/movie/whatever shirt that i could wear. so thank you for remembering that, it really means a lot to me and is making my eyes all annoyingly moist at the moment. so now i go to my storage to find a replacement dvd case, one which will hold two discs, and when you email me the special features, i will master my own damned bonus dvd and put it with the film disc. let me re-iterate that you should make this content available to all, at the very least, all the other backers, seeing as it is no longer tied to a physical medium. thank you again. <3 regards, frank
upon leaving my message i was contacted and i was told i will receive the right size t-shirt.fingers crossed...
here's a repost from update 15, posted back in jan 2012.... 'we've wanted to add dvd and download versions of the film as a reward and have had many requests from you all to do so but until now we haven't been able to. after discussions with our sales agents we are ready to do this now! you can get a digital download with kickstarter only special feature for $20, a dvd with the special feature disc plus a signed thank you postcard for $40 or a package at $150 to include the dvd, a t-shirt, a poster, the pin badge and the signed postcard - plus for that you'll also get a credit in the end roller!' so if all that was already settled with the sales agents, ie the distributors, then why the excuses now ?
hi there, as i am sure you can understand it is at least frustrating that i - along all other backers - had to wait all these years only to open my reward package yesterday and find out that the t-shirt i was sent was a medium one and now i will never be able to wear it. i specifically had asked for an xl and i would like for the right size to be sent to me, it is the very least you can do. not only has it been so long but you failed to deliver what i was promised and i paid for. it would be nice to hear from you, all my previous messages were left unanswered
on the 24th march barry mendle e-mailed me to tell me of his embarrassment of the missing kickstarter dvd and his determination to get it right. it seems those words have fallen short.
you would have known months ago that there would never be a kickstarter supporter only dvd but kept on listing it as such whenever rewards were mentioned.  did you hope no one would notice?  why didn't you warn us months ago that this would happen?  it would have been far more polite. i'm not quite sure how this all happened. i have never got what i paid for, and the message i just received has told me i never will.  how do we deal with this problem now?
re the folks in the us ever going to get their stuff?  i'm a $150 contributor and i have received nothing but frustration.
@ayjayemm my badge was in the same packaging as the dvd, and was so easy to miss it nearly ended up in the bin by mistake.  worth checking again.
i received most of my items today from my $150 pledge but did not receive the 'enamel pin badge'
...so, finally, dvd arrives. bog standard, no special kickstarter disc - looks like we're all in the same boat! i'm less aggrieved about that, than the complete lack of communication despite multiple attempts to contact anyone involved with the project to get an update on the status of my pledge. how hard would it have been to stick a note in saying "kickstarter disc to follow"- ideally 5 months ago when the disc was available retail in the uk. to be honest i'd even be less annoyed to have been told "sorry, had to abandon the bonus disc" than the ongoing confusion and uncertainty. even the comment from fiona at banchory seems to have been posted by a fellow pledger rather than in any official capacity!
i noticed a comment from fiona at banchory a few comments down, i think she has been left to tidy this all up. i am not here to answer for her but we backed this film in the hope it would be made and released, it was and has. i like you wanted some kind of memento of the event but ultimately i pledged so the film would see the light of day as it fermented for the most part through stuarts ideas and barrys help with the nuts and bolts. i like you have not received everything promised, although some have pledged more than i did, i can understand the anxiety to a degree. let this not detract from the film we have(netflix have it in the uk) or the hard work from everybody involved in making it happen. there have been a lot of e-mailed updates to me as a backer at various stages from beginning to end and also the ghtg team have acknowledged at times of the delays associated i assume with making a film. it was virgin territory for most and the timescale obviously become a factor. the film was a long time in the making and we waited patiently , it was worth the wait. i am not sure as i am in no way a spokesman just a fan. i have supported this campaign and the initial ghtg vinyl package. i love the initial album/singles and the soundtrack. the whole concept has been a ride and now it has ended. i hope you backers get your rewards and i would e-mail the ghtg team directly instead of venting on here but its your choice because it is a "comments" section. i would just like to say the even though the facts of not receiving rewards seems to have upset and deflated some, the main thing is the film has been made as far as i can see. it is unfortunate is you feel quite rightly that you have been mislead but have some empathy with the situation and hopefully you can sort it out on a one to one basis. as i said this is my opinion and you are welcome to yours, i mean the filmmakers can`t redo the credits i don't think so if your name does not appear then i am sure it is an oversight and not malicious in any way. lets hope everyone is pacified eventually but we, for the most part are fans of the music, the band and the ghtg project. lets not lose sight of that. i ultimately am proud to be part of the process and without you and i the film would never have been made and as far as i have seen/read stuart has made no bones about mentioning the importance of our part played. good luck, keep dignified and forever love the art and music.
a few years ago i pledged $65 toward the making of the film. the 'rewards' i selected were a 'god help the crew' enamel badge and a dvd of the film with separate kickstarter only special feature disc plus a signed thank you postcard . today i received a parcel containing a signed postcard and a copy of the standard region 2 dvd of 'god help the girl'. there was no note, no indication of if, or when, the badge and/or bonus dvd would be forthcoming. in all the time between the original pledge to the making and release of the film i have held my tongue, expecting everything to turn out ok so long as i kept faith. i still hope that the badge and bonus dvd will someday turn up, but the lack of communication and information feels a little disturbing. this comment section asks us to be 'respectful and considerate' when posting. it would have been 'respectful and considerate' of the team to at least let us know when or if we can ever expect the items we are waiting so patiently for.
my parcel arrived!  it's at home so i get to see it later.  have hope people!  :-)
hooray! better late than never! got my dvd and a signed card from stuart... thank you! x
----- forwarded message ----- from: fiona morrison cc: "godhelpthegirlfilm@gmail.com" sent: tuesday, 17 march 2015, 14:58 subject: re: god help the girl - kickstarter rewards hi, we actually posted everything yesterday and hopefully there will be a note going up on the kickstarter website today to let everyone know!  it should be with you tomorrow. best, fiona on 17/03/2015 14:43,  wrote: hi fiona, this is starting to get awkward, and my belief that i will receive the following: for $150 we've made up a special package to include - the exclusively designed poster from the film, a t-shirt, an enamel pin badge, a signed thank you postcard from stuart and a dvd of the film with the special kickstarter only disc. since you are pledging $150 you will also receive a credit in the end roller of the film. all the items will be shipped together on the day of the release of the dvd in your territory so delivery date below is an estimate. is my name in the end roller of the film, for example? ______________ regards
i'm still waiting for my digital download
since pledging $150 nearly 2 years ago i still haven't received anything and there still hasn't been a single reply to any emails i've sent looking for an update. at this stage i feel like i've been scammed out of my money :(
thank goodness i have read these comments. i've tried to make contact about the complete no show of dvds but get no response. i really like b&s, and notice they're being efficient with bombarding me with e-mails encouraging me to buy their new album, shame it isn't the same with this project. i'm disgusted.
any news on when i can get my download? hopefully before the movie is show on channel 4? ! just glad i'm not the only one!
dear backers, just a few words to let you know that i received a kind reply from barry mendel (the producer for this flick) and he has stated that they are still working on some of the rewards and are finishing off the special kickstarter exclusive disc. an official update should be forthcoming shortly so watch this space.
sadly - myself and another backer are feeling a little neglected. no invitations to screenings, no response to inquiries.i guess we'll never get to see our names in lights on the big screen now, but copies of the dvd would go some way to making up for the lack of communication since our donations. having said that - i'm still glad the film was able to be made. and i love the original album. perhaps - even if it's a large sum of money donated - the best attitude is hope that the project succeeds, rather than expectation that commitments will be fulfilled.
it seems that many are affected by the empty promises of rewards. i've received nothing for my $310 donation, including invitation for two to the ny premiere, which i did not receive. a few of my emails received initial replies from a few project contacts, including one benjamin@amplifyreleasing.com, who asked me to contact him directly so he could provide a solution, but further communication has been ignored. they have not offered a solution. kickstarter has acknowledged through my email communication with the project that they have not satisfied the reward for my donation, but they cannot hold the project owners to fulfill their promises. they only suggested for me to hire a lawyer, thus far. it seems that class action is the only hope for results, as it is evident in the cat and mouse game that the owners are playing with the project backers. everyone is human, so errors are understandable. but, the way that they are ignoring the kindness of their supporters paints them as something of less than human. good luck to all for obtaining their rewards!
hi, i am also waiting for my dvd and postcard, not complained to anyone yet, but after reading the comments below it is clear i am not alone!
guys, i even posted a comment on ghtg facebook's page to please come here and reply to salvage some face but no comments or correspondence of any kind. it's a very poor show and makes me rethink pledging any other kickstarter project.
hi! another backer here ($150) that's messaged/emailed etc several times politely asking even for a simple update on any for of timeline for rewards being issued and not a sniff of a reply, let alone an acknowledgement. we've all been incredibly polite and patient but this continued snub leaves a very poor taste to the whole experience. it would be very sad if it takes me having to ask stuart next time i bump into him in the west end of glasgow why we're all being ignored so i hope someone takes responsibility to communicate with us all. merry xmas indeed :(
i messaged ghtg on december 8th to ask about the whereabouts of my dvd and postcard. still no response... i'm quite disappointed that there hasn't been so much as an update to backers, after two months of silence :-(
provided details on 12 oct, still no dvd. getting beyond a joke. please at least let us know what is going on - if i hadn't bothered funding you i could have bought it two months ago from amazon for a tenner.
hi, any news on the delivery of the dvd package? $150 pledge was a big deal for me... i am happy to have backed the movie, but it would be nice to have an update! thank you.
hi there please can you let me know when my dvd and badge will be sent out to me i provided an updated address in october
sorry to pester you, i am still waiting for my $40 reward (the dvd, special feature disc and a signed thank you postcard). i responded to your email in october and the dvd has been commercially available now for some time. plead can you provide an update. thanks.
i put $160 in to this project and i have not had anything at all, whatsoever. i am so pleased you guys got is sorted but it looks like the only memorabilia of this great event i will have is the dvd when i buy it
hope you haven't treated a;; 1,334 backers in a similar fashion....
i think it's really ironic that there is a link below this comment box which says "be respectful and considerate".... please gchq... not heard one jot from you...(facebook / twitter / website / here) i would hate to think that you've just taken my money and ran away with it... so glad you've got the film made, more than happy to back a good project but it's all gone a little bit sour for me now, as my promised dvd reward has yet to materiliase.... it's december! dvd was out in october... just an update would suffice... thank you....
ghtg hq please... please... please... let the backers know what is going on with the rewards! am quite frustrated and quite honestly disappointed so far with lack of acknowledgement and reply from queries as to whereabouts is my dvd reward! i've posted on facebook ghtg,  twitter ghtg and sent emails and have had nothing so far!  if there's a delay... no problem... but please do me the courtesy of just letting me know what is going on! i backed your movie in good faith,  and was really looking forward to the movie... being a big fan of the original concept... and of b &  s.  i could have bought the dvd on amazon... or even watched it in full on youtube by now!  after backing your movie.... please be kind enough to let me know when i will receive my dvd... thank you! x
guys, what is going on...... i am still waiting for everything from my pledge, but this sunday i can walk down to ffop on byres road and stuart will be signing copies of the dvd available for purchase !?! come on now, this is far from fare !
has anything been released for the $40 pledge?
when is the digital download of the film supposed to be available?
when i get the dvd in the event that the film isn't released in my country (denmark)?
hi, i just checked the film credits, and though my pledge included "your name on the credits" i could not spot it at all :( are the final credits going to be extended? i really wish my name would appear as a backer. thanks
is anybody else having any problems with updates regarding their rewards? i.e. no updates at all... i was supposed to introduce the band at the la screening but have yet to hear anything and according to several sites it appears that the screening has already happened?
hey ghtg. i love the film. it's amazing. any news on the rest of the rewards? xx
hey ghtg. i love the film. it's amazing. any news on the rest of the rewards? xx
still had no contact about t-shirt
saw the film at the gft tonight and enjoyed it immensely. loved seeing the dance with cassie number after watching it being made in fairfields social club and was thrilled to see my name amongst the kickstarter credits. thanks guys!
hi becky, indeed there is a screening tonight. we messaged all preview screening tier backers via kickstarter as well as via the email addresses we have for you. i'm not sure why you've not received any of these emails and am very sorry that you haven't been in the loop. are you available tonight for screening? i may be able to get you added to the list. email me on godhelpthegirlfilm@gmail.com
hi there. saw a passing mention on tumblr that stuart is in nyc for the premier of ghtg today (8/25). i was supposed to receive an invitation to the premiere($80 donation).. is that what's going on today? if so, i didn't know anything about it-- figured i'd get an email update or something.
hi :) congratulations on the release of the film! i haven't been able to catch it yet, but i hope to soon. i was just wondering if you could tell me if the film will be released on blu ray alongside dvd, and if so, will the blu ray be an option to those who would be receiving the dvd as part of their reward? many thanks!
don't forget about the los angeles premiere ;)
phillip - we announced the london kickstarter preview screening today - it will be thursday 21st august with more details to follow. ruthie, many apologies we did not get to you before you booked your corn exchange tickets, this will be quite a different event of course with b&s playing a concert. hope to see you in glasgow also for the screening and party to round off your weekend!
i've bought tickets for the corn exchange.  if this was your idea of a kickstarter preview party then please can you do an update for kickstarters?  it's too late for me, theoretically i've now paid for it twice.  i can't believe it's all over facebook and no news here!  please do an update!
i have pledged for the preview party.  there is no news via kickstarter but now the public can buy tickets.  please please let me know what to do.  i can get to the corn exchange gig you've advertised on facebook.  should i try and buy tickets, do i assume you've forgotten about me?
hey, i understand that from your last update two weeks ago that all preview parties will be held in august. i'd kindly ask you to consider foreign backers, me being one of them, who are both forced to block a full month during vacation period and also still cannot book flights as it is still unclear when it will be held.  it is already mid july - any update (for the london preview in my case) would be extremely helpful, even if you can only rule out the one or other weekend... thanks for your understanding.
hey chris, your plug is noted! we have to schedule around when stuart and our cast can make it to the various screenings. we'll announce dates very soon.
just putting a plug in for the new york preview to be in the 1st week and a half  in september thanks
be respectful and considerate. i guess i was a bit a fan of stuart so it seemed just natural to support the kickstarter project. i chose this pledge : if you pledge $50 but you don't want a poster then how about a high quality, exclusively designed t-shirt, also signed by stuart. you'll also receive the $5 and $10 rewards of a digital thank you postcard and a website mention. estimated delivery: dec 2012 i received the t-shirt yesterday. 14 june 2014 the t-shirt is not satisfying.  personally designed / signed  ?... . it's just a print  of a picture with a print of a signature..  marketing at his lowest... the whole experience has been very disapointing.  i still do not have seen the movie, i do not even know when it's goingto be  be available in my country and actually i do not care anymore.
i never received any sign post card from from stuart… for $40 you'll be supporting the film, get a digital thank you postcard and website mention and you'll receive a dvd of the film with separate kickstarter only special feature disc plus a signed thank you postcard from stuart. we'll send this package to you on release of the film in your territory so the date below is an estimate
not heard anything about my t-shirt yet,
hi there, not sure if you received my messages, but i would like a medium t-shirt please.  there was no option to advise t-shirt size in the online form.  any news on the preview party which i have also pledged for? thanks.
hi, same as andrew, no option for t-shirt size - large please.  also this was the second request i responded to?  look forward to seeing it at last!
i received the notice about choosing the size of the t-shirt, but there was no option or drop-down menu to pick a size.
hi there! i had pledged $150 and i am supposed to receive the whole package (the exclusively designed poster from the film, a t-shirt, an enamel pin badge, a signed thank you postcard from stuart and a dvd of the film with the special kickstarter only disc) on the day of the release of the dvd in my territory (greece). any estimate yet?
does the u.s. distribution through amplify give any indication when the usians who have the dvd as a reward will receive it?
hi folks , i am very excited that you got into  sundance . and i can't wait to go to the preview party.it would be great to know as soon as possible what the date will be as my life has become much more complicated since we started this journey so i will need to plan well in advance ( i have become a single dad of a 2 year old and co-attendee moved to boston(i live in virginia))
my friends and i all clubbed together to get this for another friend's birthday - we're coming up to two years since then. it's incredibly disappointing.
i pledged $80 for the "preview screening and party in glasgow" and have never heard anything since - is this still likely to happen?
dear catastrophe kickstarter,  here's our perspective on how this particular kickstarter campaign was executed: http://colludo.ca/2013/11/20/dear-catastrophe-kickstarter/
hi johnny, see the latest update.  we have finished the film and we are just starting on the design work to create the poster.  we are not sure yet how long that will take.  it could be a couple months but it could be 6 months.  the film will make its debut at a festival in january but it will not actually come out until summer or next fall.  we don't really need the poster until the run-up t the release (i.e. spring/summer) but if we can get it done sooner, we will.  we will make sure you get your poster! thanks again for the support. barry
like others, i haven't received my poster yet for my $50 donation and haven't been asked where to send it to. just curious about timeline and wanting to make sure i didn't miss it. i recently moved so i want to make sure you all have the right address. thank you!
hello, i pledged $40 and haven't heard anything. i did see my name on the site in the thanks area but that's been it (plus i found that independently without any notice that it was up). please let me know the status.
i haven't been asked to provide my address. when can we expect to receive our posters or shirts? i funded this project for a poster and $50 is really a lot for me. an update would be appreciated.
i pledged money and my account was debited in february 2012. rewards were due on 12 december 2012 and we've heard nothing. emails to your gmail address bounce, your twitter has been dead since february 2013, facebook dead since april 2013 and we've received no updates on the project whatsoever. do you ever plan on fulfilling the rewards or is this a take the money and run kind of deal? very disappointed.
what the hell happened to this?  i gave a lot of money.
wow, i have to say i am disappointed that we haven't seen any updates regarding posters.
at this stage, "god (sure needs to) help the girl" alright... your last update was over 6 months ago. very unusual for kickstarter project backers to be left so in the dark concerning where things stand. we're waiting over here across the 'pond' for the announcement of the exclusive preview party in los angeles. so come on now 'creator', give us the latest won't you?
any news updates on this project?
any news about the date of the bustour? it was initially announced for april. april came and went ... so did may and june. we'll be coming over from germany especially for this occasion, so we have to arrange time off work and book flights and hotelrooms. we are really looking forward to this but we need time to prepare for this trip. so please come up with a date for the bustour in the near future. thanks a lot!
hello, still not received anything for the $50 pledge. any updates?
just a question regarding te posters.  i don't believe i was ever asked for an address and haven't seen anything in the mail yet, any news on items?
hi.  last november 2012 i was asked for my address in order for my rewards to be sent.  i have yet to receive any reward at all, nor have subsequent inquiries been responded to.  anyone there?
can you leave an update on when the poster will be shipped?  i have not received my reward that was supposed to be delivered december 2012. thank you
hi all, noticed that a version of the film is being shown at the gft. any idea when the glasgow kickstarter party will be. need as much time as poss to arrange time off work and a journey from bristol. really looking forward to this! tom
hi rob, there is still a little bit of flexibility in our post schedule but final mix will be in last 2 weeks of april / 1st 2 weeks of may we think - should be able to be firmer on this in the next few weeks. sorry about the postcard. did you definitely use the same email that you originally signed up to kickstarter with?
any idea when the final audio mix is happening. also, tried to download the postcard but it doesn't recognise my email.
oh it's in the can! but lots of post production still to complete.
no worries team.....the film isn`t in the can yet is it? cheers
ah, i see, misunderstood. yours should be shipping in next couple of weeks graeme.
this,seems so long ago now...... today (may 7th) also marks the launch of the ‘god help the girl’ subscription, which means that over the course of the year, you can receive all the ‘god help the girl’ recordings and videos, delivered directly to your home and inbox.  as well as the commercially available 7″ singles and the hard back version of the cd (or gatefold vinyl), subscribers will receive a limited edition 10″ ep featuring five more songs from the sessions, a stream of the album on subscribing (and ahead of release) as well as downloadable video content. the prices start at £35 in the uk and $47 in the usa – ideal for vinyl lovers, those who want to hear things first and not so close to a top retailer.  the full details and pitch can be found “here”:http://www.godhelpthegirl.com/subscription
sorry ghtg hq i haven`t had my reward yet...still waiting,i was talking about the initial ghtg package from the first launch(pre album etc) ...thanks for the ride so far
hi graeme! thanks for the email. we are very pleased you were so pleased with your reward!
hi ghtg thanks for the update on rewards.....can`t wait to see the film,well done to all involved......the way you`ve conducted this kickstarter project and the subsequent ghtg package(the album,10" and 7" plus downloads and info) has been amazing...such a hard thing to do...with so many things involved....cheers again
hi pete, i don't think we will have surveyed you for your address yet as your reward is not ready. when the pacakage is ready to ship (after the film's release) we will contact you via kicktarter for your address so nothing to worry about for now. thanks
since waiting for the rewards, i have since changed address. i'd there a facility anywhere to give you my new address for postage? thanks! pete
hi folks, thank you for your messages and for rightly calling us on going quiet. we've had our heads down editing the film but we should be keeping you updated. it's just not very exciting to talk about editing i suppose! you should have an update from us now and we will keep in touch as we move towards picture lock. rewards are slower than expected but they are in the pipeline. many are out already, others it makes more sense to create once the film is complete - like the t shirts and posters, it's hard to finalise designs until we have a finished movie. any way, your anxiety is noted and we will keep in touch. we are very grateful for the support, the film could not have been made without you, and we should have been in touch sooner.
rewards were due on 12 december and i've had nothing. my account was debited back in februry, however. emailing your gmail address is useless - the emails bounce. your twitter and facebook seem to have gone dead in august 2012, and i have received no updates on the project whatsoever (unusual for kickstarter projects - normally people are very grateful for the support and therefore are also very communicative). do you ever plan on fulfilling the rewards?
hello ghtg! i contributed $50 last year to this great project and i was wondering if we would be receiving our rewards soon. i ordered the full-size poster and i have a spot already picked out in my tiny apartment. if you're running behind, i understand. i just wanted to know what the status was because we haven't heard from you in quite a while. i don't regret spending the $50 but it's quite a lot of money to me, so if you could shoot me an email or post an update that would be great!
so it's been 9 months or so since delivery was expected of the rewards... should i keep holding my breath? i would be a lot more patient if you guys ever sent out updates; just saying. please could be get some info on when we may be seeing anything? thanks, sara
i pledged over $150 but can't see myself on the website page :-(
hi salva, message us at godhelpthegilrfilm@gmail.com
hi! is it possible to change my reward? i would prefer the  t-shirt signed by stuart rather than the poster i pledged for (50$ reward). it was not available when i pledged. if it is not possible it does not matter. the most important is that project goes on. thanks!!!
hope you are all doing awesomely! how's progress? any word on the rewards? thanks :)
it´s a pleasure to help the band we love and has done so much for our lives alredy.
quick question:  i pledged and began receiving emails on jan. 27.  i got all the neat demos and exclusive tracks from that point on.  were there any demos/videos that went out to the backers before that date?  if so, would it be possible to send out one last email with all the exclusive tracks to all the backers?
congratulations on exceeding your goal by $21,000! very excited for attending the screening party and seeing the completed film for the first time. cannot wait!
congratulations! look forward to the movie... put a wee bit more in at the end while watching the countdown. time to spin a little ghtg and b&s vinyl on the stereo to celebrate! thanks!
ten minutes to go! been a fun, dramatic two months. sometimes i forget this is actually about a film being made, the campaign itself was so exciting.
thank you michael , no problem. shai thanks so much for your support and we have a note of both rewards. janies, we are so grateful for each and every pledge, thank you for chipping in what you can. ghtg hq
hello, i added $80 to my pledge - i'd like to add a ticket to the nyc screening, in addition to the already-selected glasgow tour. thanks!
hi, i have helped with 151$ i have marked to have the 100$ our friends at deadly digital are going to print a very exclusive run of 5 giclee art prints on museum grade paper. they will be lovely quality and about 16 inches square on a 22 inch canvas.... i'll be happy if stuart can sign it too. can i also have the 40$ reword ... receive a dvd of the film with separate kickstarter only special feature disc plus a signed thank you postcard from stuart.  thanks shai aharonov
i'm so excited for the movie, and glad to be a part of the project! i'm sorry i couldn't contribute more than $20 since i'm a poor college student. i'm cheering for you guys!
given all the joy i've had listening to b&s's music over the years, and as an ex-pat glaswegian, it's a real pleasure to back this project.  it's going to take quite a feat of imagination to conjure up a "long hot lazy summer in glasgow" though! best of luck to the ghtg team - can't wait to see (and hear) the film in all it's glory, and nice to be able to play a small part.
yes, indeed, congratulations!  i am so looking foward to seeing the final film (if i lived closer to glasgow or socal, i would have chosen one of the preview/premier parties -- and yes, even though i live in san francisco, getting to socal is like getting to glasgow.)  also so glad that i could a part of this endeavor - i feel like i am part of the crew!  best wishes for continued success.
congrats on making it! amazing push at the end.
my twitter account was banned for too much advertising of the project, at least it was banned for a good cause and not for viagra spam....
hello megan, don't worry, it is a bit confusing. all you need to do is amend your pledge amount to the total you want to - $100 - just keep the reward selection as it is and send us a message to say you would also like the digital download. thanks for your pledge!
maybe i'm a bit thick at this (and i have just woken up), but i'm a little confused right now. i've already pledged $80, but i'd like to pledge another $20 and and have a premiere ticket plus the digital download. is there anyway i could do this, or would i give up those two prizes for the bigger one of being in the end credits?
fantastic!! congrats!! 7 days to go, let's keep it goin!
congrarulations! much success to you
hello axel. thanks for your question. our budget is modest compared to other films barry has worked on but it has still been a real challenge to raise the finance we need to make this film happen, it's a tricky time to get finance raised for feature films and though stuart is a successful musician this is his first feature film. though the kickstarter $100k is only a small part of our budget it is still a very important part. the more money that comes into the pot, particularly in this, direct from the audience way, the more that reassures other investors that this is a project to get behind. so it brings other finance on board. you are correct though, it also builds an audience for the film and the interest we've had from fans and press has been very encouraging for us and our financiers. hopefully it means that when the film is made, lots of people will want to go and see it and that it was counts. i hope that answers your question.
ok, congratulation,now that the project is funded i can ask a question i had on my mind for quiet a bit of time. when the project started i pledged mainly because i love the band. but later i started wondering how come that such a succesfull artist like stuart and an also succesfull producer like barry needed some 100 000 $ to fund their project. i'm wondering why  two such succesfull and  connected individuals needed to go on the internet to ask for that not so big  amount of money. is it to create a loyal fanbase that will be supporting and advertising the project  during all the production ? is that some kind of a new e-marketing trick ? i'd really  would like to have a feedback about that, and please not the usuall you are all fantastic.
i just came here to copy the link and appeal to my facebook friends again to help it over the target, but i see i don't need to!  this is wonderful news. can i ask, since i'm currently not sure if i'd be able to go next year, do you know if there will be other opportunities to get preview party tickets closer to the time? thanks, and congratulations, and good luck!
congrarulations! so proud to be a part of this. and excited for the preview party when it arrives!
hipster, hooray!
brilliant!!!!
awesome...countdown to glasgow is on! congrats!
yes!!!!...god help the backers!
yay!!!!!! i'm so happy for stuart and all the ghtg team right now. congrats! xxx
congratulations on achieving your goal with over a week to spare! very happy for all involved and looking forward to seeing the god help the girl film come to life. x
i think the finish line is going to be crossed with a full week to spare. so awesome.
i just pledged $40, i'm just sorry i'm not able to give any more than that. all these people pledging hundreds are wonderful. good luck with everything, i can't wait to see it xx
good luck! looking forward to it... hopefully by then our own 'girl' would have sorted out her 'problem hair'... ah yes! that line always springs to mind when getting ready for the school run!
i had to help you a little more to make you reach $96,500...even if it means i'll probably have to eat pasta for the rest of my life. ha! xx
my wife and i are really looking forward to all of you making it over here for your la premier. we will be praying that god helps this "little baby girl" to do even better than that "2006" gem of an irish 'musical film' called "once", that was filmed in dublin.  -my irish prayer-  please lord, bless them as they start their new venture. continue to fill their spirit's with hope and prosperity. we ask that you protect them from any negative energy. help them to move forward and grow each and every day. may god, his son jesus, and all of the angels surround them. may the holy bible be their guide and protection. amen... & p.s., i pray that stuart's rare "white label" press of tigermilk (that he rightly bestowed upon his minister) will continue to smooth over -with the big guy upstairs- any salacious images he may choose to put in this film. or he can just blame it all on rock and roll like everyone else does... but then "i could be dreaming". god help the girl... only 9 days to go. by the way, tigermilk is truly classic stuff.
so i see! thank you so much andrea, that's a nice number! only $4k to go.
i have updated my pledge to reach 96000$
thanks you lisa - 2 tickets are yours! ghtg hq
dear ghtg team, i pledged $160 and would also like two tickets for the preview screening in nyc. i'm looking forward to seeing the magic. -lisa
i pledged a small amount, i just wanted to be have at least a tiny participation on supporting this project. please don´t forget to realese the film in argentina. good luck! cheers.
it is exciting! thanks for your pledge brett and of course, 2 tickets to ny preview are yours. plus you'll get a name in the credits for pledging over $150. we'll contact you at the end of the campaign to confirm rewards.
i'm so excited for this! you're so close, we have to make it. i pledged $160 hoping to get two tickets to the new york preview, but it looks like it only counted me for one ticket. any chance i can get two tickets for the $160 pledge? if i don't get that ticket for my wife, i don't think she's going to let me pledge any further!
hello, today i reported to major italian independent film distribution company your project, i hope their interested in funding.
glad to be able to help in even a tiny way, stuart is a great artist and i'm pretty sure a lovely person to boot. remember seeing him in birmingham make a few people's best ever moment by inviting them on stage to dance to boy with the arab strap. top bloke.
thank you so much for the dress up in you demo. catherine has such a beautiful voice. i love this version! xxx
dress up in you demo is wonderful. i'm so glad to see you're / we're doing so well! brilliant! x
just listening to the dress up in you demo, it is ridiculously beautiful! have always wanted to hear the song with a female vocalist and catherine's voice is just gorgeous in every way, gives me chills. thank you so much! amazing just amazing as always :) x
just listening to the dress up in you demo, so ridiculously beautiful!!! have always wanted to hear it with a female vocalist and catherines voice is just gorgeous in every way. thank you so much!  amazing just amazing :) xx
i would love to make it to glasgow for the party there but ,alas, new york is a lot closer -more likely to get my friends to be able to come along.let me know if i can be of help in any way. i'm excited about this project.                                       -river
good luck stuart and the crew, you have my backing (money posted for the $40 reward) and looking forward to seeing the finished product.  absolutely adored the album and therefore as a lifelong b&s fan, just had to help with this project........best of luck, gary
yes aaron, that's perfect, thank you. best of luck in your search for a date! philip - thank you for your pledge and support.
i previously pledged $80 dollars for a london preview party ticket (can't believe this hasn't sold out!). i've now upped this to $200 - two tickets as hopefully by then i'll have a date to bring, and a dvd of the film at $40. is that correct?
proud to have joined the campaign.  just pledged $160 and would like two passes for the los angeles screening party, please.  i am certain that we can reach our goal.  spread the word everyone!
so close, so close...i hope you reach $90,000 by sunday :)
thanks matthew! very kind of you. we can't be exactly sure about releases in various territories but rest assured we will get dvd's to kickstarters at the earliest possible opportunity and for sure if it doesn't get a release in your territory you'll still receive a copy. sorry to be vague for now. if we reach our total we will owe our kickstarters a lot so will do our utmost to see you right. thanks ghtg hq
i've upped my pledge to $150 as i love the idea of getting a special dvd for people who were in on the ground floor.  very worried through that this will be sent out when the film is released in my territory though.  i'm in australia (ie not us or uk) so that could be in 3 or 4 years or never given the way international licensing laws work.  is there any way that we coulod get the dvd when it is actually released?
woohoo $83,000 very very soon!!! i'm so happy for you! xxx (busy morning!)
thanks fanny! we are very happy too. it's very exciting at the moment, we can't stop checking progress!
woohoo $82,000 very very soon!!! i'm so happy for you! xxx
certainly amelia, juts go to 'manage my pledge', you can change your reward amount and also select the $150 reward. thanks ghtg hq
i have currently pledged $50 but if add $100 will i be able to up my reward to the $150 pack instead?
delighted to be a backer - loving the songs and the performances. plugged you here http://blackwatertown.wordpress.com/2012/01/18/lets-make-a-movie-together-guess-what-its-a-musical-no-zombies/ which no doubt led to a flood of other backers... well, one i know of anyway.
"perfection as a hipster" performance is really nice. thanks a lot
oh and of course, everyone who has pledged to the campaign so far by the end of today will receive a link tomorrow for the video download. thanks ghtg hq
hello ruthie. thank you so much for your support. we very much appreciate it. that's totally fine. please just send us a message with the rewards you are after and we'll keep a note. thanks ghtg hq
similar question to some below.  have upped my pledge to include another reward, but can only select one reward at a time.  the new total is the sum of the two pledges of the rewards i would like.  is this still ok?  do you have a record of this or should i contact you separately?  and another cheeky question, do i know qualify for a download of the landsdowne church performance?  ta!
oscar, guy, andrea and everyone! thank you for your kind words today - we are feeling excited. great to be able to offer the dvd's today!
antony - that is fine we have noted you want 2 tickets and we'll contact everyone at the end of the campaign to clarify on rewards.
darius, yes it is the same postcard as the $15. some cameo appearances would be very fun...we'll have to see!
hayley - yes the poster will be signed by stuart and yes if you up to $150 and message us saying you want the other two posters that is no problem - you'll also get a credit on the end of the film for your $150 pledge.
is the poster in the $150 pack signed or is just the $50 one? if i upped to the $150 pack and then added $100 would it be possible to get the other two posters as well?
is the signed postcard included with the dvd the same one as the $15 postcard? i also second the cameo appearance from mr. hannon, and perhaps you could consider one for linnea jönsson too!
just added a 2nd $80 pledge. how do i get a 2nd ticket to the exclusive preview party?  realised the long haired chief of staff would kill me if she didn't come too, especially if there's the chance of meeting stuart...!
i am sure i will get hell from my wife, but i so love the ghtg project it seems churlish  not to give some support. also a small thanks for supplying the soundtrack to my 40th where my friends and i danced madly like boxing kangaroo's to boy with the arab strap.   i hope you hit the target without too much trouble.
look forward to see the film of course...any chance for a cameo form mr hannon?
i just made a $250 pledge. the rewards are priceless and i wish i could afford to offer more. really generous of stuart to be offering up such amazing pieces of his heritage. the backstage pass to a b&s show will be amazing though. more than happy to offer that amount up for such a great cause and for such an amazing opportunity. like others have said, it is nothing compared to the amount of joy stuart and b&s have brought me. i really hope this gets off the ground. good luck guys. i can't wait!
that's okay, don't worry. i'm really happy for you...whoever helped you xxx
hello fanny! thanks so much for increasing your pledge. my kickstarter emails tell me it was jamie who put us over $60k. it's not an exact science i'm sure but it's what i have to go on. regardless we are very thankful for your pledge and delighted to have you on the credits list. thanks ghtg hq
have now raised pledge to $130 and messaged you to ask for more rewards. very excited! :)
woo i just pledged $150 because i want to get my name at the end of the film and i think it's me who made you reach $60,000. awesome! xxx
hi andrew - just pledge the amount you want to in total and send us a message to let us know what rewards you want - it doesn't really matter which reward you select on kickstarter but i'd suggest the highest value one. bear in mind re our earlier update - everyone who pledges $150 or above will now automatically receive a credit at the end of the film so perhaps you should choose rewards up to value of $150 - the screening, a t-shirt and the pin badge for example - then you get all that and the credit comes for free! when we finish we'll email everyone again to clarify the rewards they want.
similar question to darius. i pledged to attend the london screening and would like to pledge for a credit at the end of the film. the 'credit' pledge appears to have cancelled the 'screening' pledge. how can i be sure i retain the screening offer?  pledge is a funny word isn't it?
don't worry darius we are aware of the total amount you have pledged and will send an email to all backers at the end of the campaign to make sure we deliver the rewards you have requested.
i contributed $80 a while back for the exclusive screening but have since added an additional $15 and selected the signed postcard. my worry is that it says that i've only chosen the postcard reward. how do i ensure i've still got the exclusive screening reward as well?
thank you very much for your quick answer. i'll do it now xx
hello fanny, we are delighted to have your support. we are building a lovely network of people who are supportive of the film and have invested their hard earned cash to make it happen - it's really inspiring. you'll need to amend your pledge to $65 and just drop us an email to say you'd like the printed postcard and the t-shirt. we'll message everyone at the end of the campaign to confirm reward details. thanks ghtg hq
hi stuart, i'm so happy to be part of the ghtg project. i've been loving your music for so many years that it's great to be able to help you. i'm sure the movie will be beautiful! good luck!!! xxxx just a quick question: i pledged $50 on getting the t-shirt but i would also like to get the printed version of the thank you postcard. what do i have to do to get both?
have been listening to the songs for ages - had no idea it was to become a film - great news & may you pull it off!
hi david, sorry , just checked that you pledged on attending the rough cut of the film. do you want to do that or get two backstage passes and a credit? thanks
hi david, that's cool. if you just keep your pledge at $600 we'll make a note next to your name that you are to get a credit at the end and two back stage passes. and i hope you and your wife have a great time! thank you so much. ghtg hq
great to see so much progress, though must have been hard to part with the tigermilk options, especially!   it could just be me but it seems that you can only back one option at a time... i would like to attend the screening party or poss. back stage pass with my wife - can i do that or would i have to create a new account? anyway, all the best with it, we'll all be spreading the word :)
the january sale has sucked me in (which was the plan obviously!), just upped pledge for an end credit :)
sorry darius, you would need to pledge another $100 on top of your $80 to get the credit. we understand that money is hard; your pledge already is big help to our cause, and the preview party should be amazing! thank you for being part of this. ghtg hq
if i've already pledged $80 but would like to be credited as well, do i have to pay a further $100, or are you crediting anyone that's contributed $100+ and chosen any other reward of their choice? i'd love to pledge a lot more but student living is difficult! good luck, and i hope you reach your target.
hello james! that's a very kind offer - one we would be delighted to take you up on. can you email godhelpthegirlfilm@gmail.com so we can discuss. thank you very much for your support. ghtg hq
hello brandt, we are so glad you are joining us at the ny premiere, thanks for spending the few pennies you have on our project! your support is appreciated greatly. ghtg hq
in college so money is a bit tight, but the thought of attending the premiere of a film that included popcorn, drinks, live music, and dancing was too cool not to back. the music of belle & sebastian (including side projects like god help the girl) have helped me through some of the worst points of my life so i'll be damned if i don't do my part to help you fine folks. see ya in new york next year!!
hi stuart,you were in my place a while back in partick with marissa.i(deadly digital) i'll throw in a 30 x 40 inch framed print on the house of a supplied artwork of your choice.good luck with this.
cannot believe the original test pressing of tigermilk is now a reward! if only i had the money...just become a dad though (we didn't call him arbuthnot) so cannot stretch to it. i've got one of the original tigermilk vinyl pressings on electric honey & feel really chuffed to own it. for you to offer this is incredibly generous.
abbie, that comment put a great big smile on my face. thank you!
idea for a new prize: "i just want your jeans": you get a pair of stuart's jeans. but seriously, halfway there at the halfway point! so happy for the project.
thanks eric, we'll looking into those sites. it is maybe going to be tight. but it is going to make it a whole lot more exciting when we reach our goal. have a great day!
hi.  i am getting nervous that this project won't fund and you won't take my money. so, i'd like to offer some unsolicited advice ;).  personally, i learned about this particular project on pitchfork.com  as popular a site as it is, however, there are more.  have you considered a pr blast to other sites such as stereogum, the hype machine, npr, etc?  at the very least a thread about this should be started on the coachella.com forums as they are about to become very popular.  good luck!
hello mike, really appreciate your advice on the campaign. our position on producer / exec producer / co-producer credits remains the same. as professionals working in the industry we feel it is not helpful to the profession to allow imdb credits where the person credited has not really done any of the producing work. i know other filmmakers feel differently but that is our position so we're trying to come up with other rewards which will tempt people to get involved. lots more of these to come and hopefully we'll make it work our own way, we'll see! thanks ghtg hq
the producers of a film called "the iran job" have been sending me one, and sometimes even three, emails each day, for weeks and weeks already. like you, their goal is 100k, and they are already up to 86k with about a day to go. i have not enjoyed being the target of their persistence, and i am glad it is about to end, but i have to admire the sheer thickness of their skin (not being embarrassed to be such pests) and also the strong likelihood of their success. perhaps you yourselves could be a shade more aggressive, too. compared with other films, you are being a bit stingy with your executive producer, co-executive producer, producer, co-producer, associate producer and co-associate producer credits, but that is entirely your prerogative and you are nevertheless extremely lovable and deserving!
ohh, so nice to see the big jump to 46,5+ and new rewards. i must admit i'm getting a little worried about reaching the goal. checking in daily i've noticed some slowing down but, am always on the look out for the next cool incentive and more $$ activity. great to see a score book being offered although i still think a handwritten one could fetch many times that amount. another idea i have is a photo journal including notes created by stuart. with some creative thinking there could be a specialness to this reward to attract a backer. continued best wishes.
oh lovely! thanks ellie.
i'm excited enough about one reward; the rest is just a donation!
ellie - what was the 2nd reward you wanted for additional $80?
wonderful! thanks ellie. so glad that we are still reaching new people who haven't heard about the campaign as yet. more prizes being added next week so we will keep you posted. thanks for your support
....stumbling upon this has made my saturday. i've made one pledge for all the joy b&s / ghtg have bought to my life, and another as a gift for my b&s / ghtg loving brother. a nervous wait till 12th feb, much luck! xx
david - i'm sure amazon will only charge you the $160 but if there are any issues do get in touch and we'll sort it out.
thanks abbie! that's the spirit. indeed $46k is fabulous. we've done really well today. thanks all for your support. we're going to keep adding new rewards and some more video content too so keep in touch. ghtg hq
i added 15 bucks to my pledge just to bump the counter up past 46,000. i think psychologically 46,000 is more impressive than 45,999. everyone bump it a little if you can!
david: no problem, we have added a note to include two tickets for you. thanks. megan: we have london, glasgow, l.a, and new york; come to any of them. thank you.
i've just pledged for a preview screening ticket. i have no idea where in the world i'll be living by april 2013 (i'm a road runner, honey...), but rest assured i will be at one of those locations to catch this film!
i have now pledged for for $160 so could you please add a note that i am taking my wife along. obviously i went through amazon twice one for $80 and the other for $160 it will only take $160 from me though?
thanks michael!
good luck!!! -michael
no problem david. if you increase your bid by another $80 we will add a little note to say that you are taking your wife along and you'll get two tickets. i hope you and your wife enjoy it, it should be a lot of fun!
i would like to get my wife the same pledge so we both go to the same screening. is their a way i can double my pledge and select two of the same thing?
hi david, thank you so much for your pledge. we'll be in touch if and when we reach our target to get info from you on which screening. thanks again, ghtg hq
your album is beautiful and really hope you get the film made i pledged for the preview screening how do you select where the screening will be?
thanks mike, it is a struggle -  all great things are. we've lowered the price of some big rewards, and these are generous. rewards. we want the backers to really be part of the project and we have dedicated time for showing people around the set, taking them on tours, giving them screenings (and we are looking forward to meeting you all), making you really a part of something we think will be great. and we are happy to do it, because you are loveable.
i wish you every possible success, but i fear that you could easily fail in your bid to raise the full $100,000.  the reason for this is that you do not seem to have studied the 'rewards' offered to pledgers by other film projects that have been funded.  those projects that ignore the truth that the opportunity to obtain some form of 'producer' credit on imdb is a prime factor motivating many people to donate; as well as those projects that price such credits at too high a price  -  often find themselves paying the sadly inevitable penalty of stumbling before full funding is reached. in other words, guys, add some truly generous rewards to your list, and then watch yourselves suddenly flying. forgive this gratuitous advice. you are lovable, whatever you decide to do.
hi christina, thanks for your support! we haven't figured out all the finer details yet but we'll make sure the preview screenings are accessible for all who have pledged for them. thanks and please spread the word - we still have a long way to go to hit our target so you can all receive the rewards - and we can make the movie! ghtg
hi! i pledged for the preview screening (new york!) and i wondered if by drinks you meant alcoholic drinks. i'm under 21 and still will be by the time the movie comes out. is this a problem? i won't be kicked out or anything? i promise i won't drink!
we're just amazed and inspired by the support coming from around the world.  kickstarter doesn't necessarily tell us where you are from, but some of you list it or send us notes, and so we're aware we're already receiving support from australia, belgium, brasil, finland, france, georgia, germany, great britain, israel, japan, the netherlands, singapore, spain, sweden and the united states. this is truly amazing, we feel such an incredible community behind us. thank you all so much. barry
that's an interesting one michele - we will consult! thanks for your support. ghtg hq
it's exciting to count the takers of all of the great incentives for potential backers. i think an amazing offer (but i wouldn't be able to afford it) would be a handwritten(by stuart, of course) song book of the film's music. i feel this could be a "big ticket" item. what do you think?
hello, thanks for the quick reply.  yes, it would be to give it to a friend or anyone i could find  - with the money not being the issue, i was just concerned about booking and then leaving an empty space, that would be very poor form!
hi ian, do you mean give it to s friend. if so, then yes. otherwise i could hook you up with someone who is trying to buy a place but can't get amazon payment to work?
if i bought a place on the locations tour but in the end couldn't go, would i be able to donate it to someone else?
very excited to support this project.  love the music and look forward to the london opening party :)  like the comment of a stuart & company acoustic set, but i suspect i would be outbid very quickly.
thanks for put  my name on the guest list  10 years ago. (belfast,21/dec/2001) i am  looking foward to seing ghtg film in japan.
thanks all - your support and enthusiasm is much appreciated - large or small, it all helps and reassures us that people really want to see this film get made. more rewards and updates coming soon. thanks ghtg hq
wish i could give more! good luck
so happy to see the ghtg project moving towards fruition! i'm sharing the news over twitter and in coffee shops. ps- do you think the team could be inspired to add a screening event in san francisco?
my daughter eireann's first gig was ghtg at the usher hall when she was 8 and has followed the progress of the project ever since.  she is very excited about the prospect of the film (what will the certificate likely be?) and will be delighted to know there is a pledge under her name. to expand on the excellent idea of the accoustic set etc, i think lots of people will be interested in this so why not just make it an exclusive donation based gig! (or do both).  or, i remember for the b&s blog years ago stuart talking about a bicycle trip, or how about an exclusive signed cdrs with some ghtg outakes and rarities.  best of luck with this.  cheers. craig.
i've enjoyed stuart's music for over 10 years and i'm excited to be able to help fund the ghtg film. now i have a great reason to visit glasgow in a year and a half!
more than happy to pledge and very excited to see how this pans out. any chance we can get any production videos to document progress along the way? i'm working on two short films on a low budget scale this year and it's great to see my favourite songwriter working in the same field, even if it is of a much larger scale! we even used a fundraising website just like this one, although we weren't exactly looking for £100,000... x
ooh, that's an interesting idea. i shall float it with stuart! thanks for your very generous pledge, we are most grateful. ghtg hq
how about an even bigger prize - say an acoustic set by stuart & company at a private party?
i've loved belle and sebastian ever since my best pal fraser introduced me to them twelve years ago. i had to support this!
b&s has given me so much joy over the past 10 years i couldn't not pitch in what little i could. i'll pledge more if i can afford to after the holidays.
excellent, thank you jennifer, your support is much appreciated. x
i am excited about this project! i am hoping you get the funding you need to make this a reality.  i am spreading the word on facebook.
and yes, that is the process, you simply "update" your pledge amount to the full total (no need to cancel the original)
cool, thanks, i'll do that :) i was about to start a convoluted process of setting up another 3 accounts
or actually - maybe you don't need to cancel your pledge - just amend the amount?
thanks paul for your support. how about this for a plan? - you cancel your current pledge and re-pledge at the  total amount you wish, choose one prize - so the bus tour yes? then send us a message with the other rewards you would like. a little complex sorry but that will work. i'll post this on faq's. thanks ghtg hq
awesome idea, and i'm pledged up already, as previous commenter said though, there is no mechanism to add more than one reward for larger amounts (unless you create multiple ks accounts) e.g. i'd like 2 preview tix & a poster on top of current pledge but you can't do as you say and pledge twice (it specifically tells you this if you try to do so) i guess this is a site limitation?
yes of course! or i think you can pledge $80 twice. either way... thanks jan, we are very grateful for your support.
is it possible to pledge 160 $ and receive 2 preview screening tickets?
of course yes there will be size choices - if we meet our target and receive the funding then we'll email you for your size and delivery information. thanks ghtg hq
cool. i'm  right now listening to the lp, but i'm wondering about the t-shirt will there be any size choice ?
only recently discovered ghtg, maybe 2 months ago. now i listen to the ghtg & stills albums every single day- no kidding! such fun. good luck! i look forward to seeing this!
thanks jesse - we do to  and we're moving ever closer! thanks for the support. ghtg hq
i loved the ghtg album, i really want to see this film get made! good luck! :)
