the problem is that they don't have any bridge to remotely change the lightbulbs, and their meshnet for bluetooth is pretty terrible. what's going to happen is they are going to run another kickstarter to fund a wifi bridge similar to that of the august bridge, which basically will plug into the wall/router and then will attempt to talk to your bulbs. i've personally gotten ifttt integration by setting up an old tablet + tasker to automate turning on different groups of bulbs, but i am sorely disappointed by the lack of communication/ updates from ilumi. they're never going to invade the marketplace if they can't keep up.
https://www.engadget.com/2017/04/07/alexa-can-finally-set-specific-smart-bulb-colors/  so thanks, i'm so glad i kickstarted the dumb bulbs rather than buying smart bulbs...  between the total lie of "alexa integration" which was the only reason i even got these during the kickstarter campaign, and filling shelves in stores in multiple countries before a single backer received one, i can see the kind of company that ilumi is....
i have issue connecting with my nexus 4 and my pixel. sometimes it will see the bulb, sometimes it won't. i have reset both the bulb (by turning it off and on 5 times) and by resetting my phone. the app is not intuitive to use anyways and i regret backing this project. it's been years and they can't make a decent mobile app, which is something that i thought was going to be a strong point of this company. apparently mark cuban and his team didn't help them out very much on this point.
android phone (note 4)
is the app flaky for everyone as it is for me? half the time, half of the bulbs in the house isn't being picked up.  and if it is, response to dimming is very flaky (4 bulbs on one scene, sometimes 2 of the 4 dims, sometimes it takes a few minutes for it to dim) i too, so wish i would of spent it on a hue instead. (over 1k down) =( i asked multiple times about the alexa feature via phone, on this comment and the strip i backed. 0 response
i'm getting jealous of phillips hue users ability to use voice commands and geofencing with homekit.  i hope you are getting closer to this integration and/or alexa.  will you be partnering with a hub manufacturer?
are you kidding me?  i spent $500 on bulbs for the whole house only because of the amazon echo integration - otherwise i would've gone with another product.  now i'm very glad i didn't get a couple of the led strips that i almost did, since i wasn't sure i could trust them after the debacle of selling the bulbs in multiple store chains in at least two countries before even making them available to the backers...  this is an absolute crock, since that is outright lying then on their part.  i guess it's time to take to the various social media accounts and start spreading the word to everyone to avoid ilumi and stick with philips and the others...  at least philips hasn't been caught in multiple lies to me...
sorry.  retract.   this was a mistake.    comments are towards another bulb order.
i still have no bulbs.   seriously when am i getting these.   regretting this. how dare you offer a lightstrip when you haven't even satisfied you earlier clients yet.
it appears they're making some sort of hub to communicate with smart home devices... which seems like backtracking for a bluetooth mesh product. hope backers can get this as a comp since the connectivity was originally promised with with product.
@vince - it's the reason i didn't buy their strip. as if the retail issue wasn't enough of a fiasco for this project, they can't keep their any of their promises either. i think i'm done with kickstarter until they put in place some accountability for these companies.
seems like they just gave up on upgrading these bulbs to support amazon echo.  don't think i'll support any future products.  wish i didn't purchase their led strip.
what happen to the 300k stretch goal? promise not kept?
same with chris & andrew... i was told by a csr mid-2016 that it would be out in beta before year end. i did run across this youtube video (ces 2017)...not cool if it's true... sounds like they supporting google home and no mention of alexa... also making a wifi hub to mesh to work with smart hub? i hope we get a discount on it as we were told it wouldn't require one. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
also wondering about amazon echo / smart-home integration. i was told a month ago by a csr that this feature would be in beta soon. is there a timeline for this?
any word on amazon echo integration yet? it has been well over a year since you released the product and you've had plenty of time to create new products but no time to deliver on something that was promised almost 2 years ago? this was the only reason that i bought your bulbs and here we are still waiting.
hmmm, that is all pretty strange. unfortunately i'm only using one bulb and don't have an iphone so i can't replicate it, but it does sound like an app problem. is scheduling working for anyone else on the iphone? have you tried accessing the schedule section both by swiping right til you get there as well as through the schedule features specific to the individual color, whites, effects and presets modes?  i imagine that when you schedule through the link on the modes' pages its running a script to create a new schedule entry and then also to cache or enter that mode's parameters so you don't have to put them in again manually, and that might be more likely to crash than a clean start schedule entry via the dedicated schedule page... also, with the weird grouping behavior, maybe see if you can make a schedule for a single bulb and see if one is somehow connected to the other. unpair and reset your bulbs by switching them on and off at the light switch 5 times in rapid succession and try them one at a time. then try adding them to the group one at a time. maybe one of them has some dodgy mashing code and messes up the group? i have no idea about any of these things unfortunately to be honest, thats all i can come up with. as you say, at least you do have the old app i suppose. if you haven't done so yet, you can also create a support ticket directly through the new app. it *might* go somewhere where you'll get an answer, its possible they just too pround or ashamed or something to talk to me. good luck, and please do let me know if you hear anything!
thanks darius unfortunately though my bulbs won't even stay a group on the ios app. i make the bulbs pair, put them in a group, choose the color, and am able to shut them off and turn them on via app but the second i close the app the group is gone but the bulbs still think they are a group and stay the last light mode i left them in. if i try to even access the schedule mode the app crashes. i have tried hard resetting my phone and get the same results. at least the old app works fine...
the below message is not hate mail, you're welcome for the customer support too though ilumi. @zach its a bit more long winded than it needs to be because i only started looking at the app half way through and go on to make design suggestions as well, but i hope it helps :-) if i made it too complicated or its not what you were looking for let me know, i'll try to assist.
hi zach and everyone else. i'm sorry about my constant complaining here, i'm very frustrated with the team. i have at least two faulty bulbs (i haven't checked the ones that are still packed up, only using one at a time atm) and i've tried to reach them for months, literally. i have no idea why they are ignoring every attempt but i feel very abandoned. they are probably more interested in their walmart deal, but they're the ones that made the big promises and no response isn't normal for any company. anyway! i thought i'd help because you probably won't get any from them. (please let me know if you do hear anything though). you can set up a sunrise with the schedule function. it works really well and you have the same choice of simulated sunrises from around the world, can adjust the brightness, duration and so on. i'm not sure if it slowly increases in brightness, i haven't found a setting and it's always bright by the time i wake up, but i'll test that tomorrow. this is on the android version. first you have to select the bulb or bulb group so you're in the mode with the pros at the top saying 'groups','colours','whites'...swipe all the way to the right til you get to the schedules menu, click add new schedule, and you will have three options. you might think that rise and shine should be in the second 'automations' sub menu, but you'll find it under 'suggestions' at the top. from there it's very similar to the old app.  i think the ux aspects i find confusing are these; the options along the top change once you select a bulb group. swiping past the 'colours' page to get to the 'schedules' section because the colour selection takes up nearly the whole screen and tapping anywhere in that field will turn the bulb on in that colour at full brightness, making you scramble to turn it to something gentle if the room is otherwise dark. after the colours section the light blue background of the whites section makes it difficult to see that there are further menus to the right. next come effects and you might want to look for rise and shine here but it's more for flickering light shows, something i personally don't find very useful. i don't think one should have to navigate through/past this to access more utilitarian features like the schedules. with another swipe you get to presets which i think should be in a sub menu of the colour selection, because these are just colour presets that have been given names. again should not be 'in the way' of the schedules settings finally the last swipe takes you to schedules, and this is where all the good stuff is. rise and shine is the only option under the 'suggestions' menu, which you have to press for the option to show up. another unnecessary press but i assume there will be more suggested schedules in the future. the second option, 'automations' is just for scheduled on and off so again i think this could be merged together with other schedule settings. the final option, 'light atmospheres' looks like a repeat of all the pages we just swiped through to get to the schedules section, and since we can schedule things from the colours, effects and other pages already one or the other is kind of redundant. i really like the timeline layout of the schedules page, displaying scheduledo events like in a calender, but i think creating a schedule should be like creating a reminder or event in a calender app, with a single unified menu.  regardless of the bulbs previous state, you enter what you want it to do and when, with the following inputs; start time (optional)force starting colour target colour (optional)force starting brightness  target brightness transition duration then, regardless of what state the bulb is in at the scheduled start time it will fade to the selected colour and brightness in the selected amount of time. that could be off to on, on to off, blue to green, halloween preset to christmas light show, instantly or transitioning over a defined amount of time. there can still be some more complicated presets to make transitions between multiple colours easier(i.e. red to green to yellow to blue) but with the above setup we could even create those manually by chaining schedules together. anyway got a bit carried away there once i started looking at the ux objectively. i give this feedback respectfully and considerately and hippie it is helpful to you. if it sounds critical that is not my intention, i am still grumpy after all.  we are a community here though and support and engagement is why we are here and not at walmart. if you like the suggestions and come back and do your part @ilumi i am happy to help you implement and develop them further.
when will rise and shine be added to the new ilumi app? i use the old app because it's the only one that has it and functions.
your login today has been noted too.  you are a whole company of people, is every single one of you so spineless, worthless and lacking in decency that you can't send me a short message to subdue my frustration? how do you think it feels to know that you are intentionally being ignored again and again? you asked us for money and trust and you got it. i did not approach you with this horrible tone i am taking, its your actions that have driven me to such frustration. there is no good reason you should be treating me like this, and if there is then again all you have to do is tell me.  i realise i will have offended you now, but it is you who promised us especially good customer support and an extended warranty, and that you can be trusted and value our support. i have tried everything i can for months. if you are too broke to deliver on warranties, tell me. just talk. i can understand and accept any business realities, but your decision and the way you are acting as people makes you everything i am calling you and is the reason i am so personally offended.  explain yourselves, or i will continue to make it clear how people can expect to be treated by you if they endorse your business. i imagine thats something you care about, and i will do what i can to hurt it, in good conscience, because your deliberate actions make it clear that you are full of shit.
i just went through all the emails i have with the mention of ilumi. i received multiple support ticket confirmation mails and even a support satisfaction survey, but never an answer.  i had forgotten this but i also found the one where you promised us priority support and an extended 3 year backer warranty! once again i can see that you were most recently online on the 24th december and have most likely read all my comments here as well. you are a joke and complete fucking assholes. i have begged for an answer for weeks. i have contacted you through many other channels had you wanted to communicate more privately, but you are intentionally and knowingly ignoring me. fuck you very much. i will now turn to social media to make it clear how untrustworthy and unreliable you are so hopefully nobody will ever buy from you again. same goes for kickstarter. don't come back.
so again you were last online 19th december. what do i need to do to get a response from you?? get the rest you need i guess, i hope you're prepared to do something again after the holidays. i'll wait til then.  if you don't sort yourselves out by then, don't even think about using kickstaster again, i'll be here to tell people how wonderfully you treat your customers.
hello again. i can see that you last logged in today! some acknowledgement that i am reaching somebody after weeks of trying would be nice. wtf are you doing???
guys i contacted you through all available channels weeks if not months ago. how about an answer at some point? whats happened to you?
could you please answer me about where my bulbs are? you are not responding my messages..
come on ilumi, come out with the smartthing, or alexa support already... i bought a whole house worth of your bulbs and pledge on your latest strip...i contacted support a while ago and was told that alexa support would be in sept... i kept quiet... but i'm not able to utilize your bulbs... currently they are acting like regular led bulbs, which sucks as they aren't dim switch compatible and have a slight delay for the light to come on from the time i flip the switch. please work on third party support, i don't want to have to switch all my bulbs to the hue.
i haven't receive anything, and no answer to my messages...
@manish i've got our support team taking care of your request and your replacement should be on its way! @terry we appreciate your feedback, and we will continue to improve the bluetooth mesh connectivity. in regards to the projector integration, this is specifically focusing on the bluetooth mesh network and as a result of further developing out these types of integrations, the bluetooth mesh is only going to get better. it's a win-win for everyone. if you're having specific issues with connectivity, our support team would be happy to look into it at support@ilumi.co. thanks!
stop wasting time with the projector shit and just give us what you promised in the beginning! the bluetooth mesh barely works to begin with, i certainly will never buy a projector with it.
backer 2816. i had ordered 4 bulbs. 1 of them is not working.  is there a way you can help me out with these. i am living in india
hello ilumi backers!  it's been a little over a month since we have gave an update.  our two development teams, hardware (bulbs, strips and other things) and app, have been hard at work. the app team is testing features and bug fixes for the new app right now.  we expect to release an update soon and are working to release additional updates in october and november with a goal to change the new app from public beta to full featured app.  i don't have any dates for release as there are many details still to work through. regarding integration;  ilumi partnered with projector manufacturer coretronic and their customer optoma to demonstrate the first lot smart projector using an ilumi mexhteck bluetooth mesh connection.  for more details please check out our blog "light reading".  http://ilumi.co/blogs/pulse/ilumi-smart-display-technology-a-new-control-paradigm-to-eliminate-ir-remotes we have echo, homekit and other environments in our sights.  testing is underway and has been successful.  there are still many bugs and logistics to work out. if you have any issues, please contact us at support@ilumi.co.  we would be happy to help. cheers!
anyone have a bulb stop turning on? but flicker when you turn the lightswitch off? this happened before and the bulb just kicked back on by itself at some point, but this time it's staying off other than a flicker. also where is some siri or amazon echo integration? come on. opening an app just to turn off my light is dumb
i have been waiting for over a year. what's the stat ilumi?
the new app does not have alarm or the proximity and where are updates for the new app
@art i've received my replacement bulb this week. after talking through email, the bulb had to be sent back to their manufacturer for testing. i'd definitely file an rma if it happens again. mine sat for days and still wouldn't come back on. more than likely a fried board.
@terry hardwick  i had the same issue today.  i have 4 bulbs in a group and 2 decided to go out.  i had tried many different ways to unpair and reset the bulbs with no luck.  finally i took the bulbs out of the socket and let them sit for 10 minutes in hopes they would clear out their memory and reset.  they were extremely hot to the touch, but i assume that is normal after being powered on.  so after putting the bulbs back in, i was able to pair them again and now all is fine.  also i had made a new group and added the four bulbs to it.  i think my group was corrupted in the app somehow since the behavior was so strange.
it's august and still no word on integrations/ a fully functional app.
hasn't even been a year and i have a blown bulb. looks like this is going to be a great future with ilumi. https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cnlf72nweaafrbi…
seriously! why the hell would we back a new product when you haven't even fixed the first one!
i agree with other backers ... before even thinking of new projects ... and products ...first please keep your existing products perfect. no integration is killing this product.  i was one of the backers who ordered 15 bulbs for my house and no way i can connect them to any smarthome controller. all the time i need a smart phone or tablet which bloody connect  to bt ... please as mentioned in the campaign .. you should really deliver what you promised. after one year we still have half baked application which is not good enough to have 4 starts in playstore ..  ifttt or any other integration which you promised are never fulfilled. if you dont have time ...at least open up the api and source code... we could do our own integrations ... there are many people who can help you to build community to have these integrations .. still you choose to keep it closed.  never gonna beat or even in competition with philips hue or any other bulb in the market ...pretty much cheated by you in the campaign ...
and where is ifttt integration and sdk promised on the campaign page? i always thought texans could be trusted... maybe i was wrong...
utterly disappointed. there is still no internet gateway feature and api, even though alexa/echo support was announced. this company is full of empty promises, time and again...
sadly new app doesn't take old password sign-in. and isn't able to email link to set up new password. hope they work this out soon.
hi, i have not received my multiple bulbs . can you update on the shipping status as i have sent out several emails to the email address provided in the update but no confirmation so far.
i haven't seen any light bulbs yet - where's my ilumi? i'll take a refund too?....
hey everyone! we sent out an update an hope you had a chance to read it :). just a quick recap, we have launched the new ilumi app for both ios and android. it's a public beta and we welcome your feedback! it's been a long time coming but we are super excited to hear your thoughts on this initial release. visit our latest update for complete information. we're growing our support team so in the mean time if you need help, the best way to reach us is to email support@ilumi.co. cheers!
ilumi has gone really dark lately (pun intended). makes me wonder if they are sinking.
i was one of the few that won the 8 bulb/sunglasses/tshirt in that contest the had.. i received the bulbs in december but still haven't seen the sunglass/tshirt.  :-(
even though i have had an invitation to the android beta for a long time, the hockey app still says there is no version available. my regular ilumi app has also stopped working with the airplane mode work around too the past month.
@tom. the reason the new app is saying that there are no lights is because they are still attached to the old app. you need to put them in pairing mode by turning the lights on and off with about a second in between until they change to red, green, and blue. this means they are in pairing mode. fire up the app, and scan again. good luck. it's very frustrating, but they are slowly getting better. not as fast as i'd like. trust me. i'm frustrated too, but i do really want these things to work. especially giving the build quality of the bulbs.
finally was given the new app which was said to be able to solve all my woes of the lights never working correctly, displaying the wrong status, ignoring my different "experiences" and "scenes", and mostly not even being able to turn the lights on or off with the simple swipe.  app doesn't even connect to my devices.  says there aren't any.  asked support and have yet to receive a response.  asked for a partial refund for the constant delay on delivery of a working app, but the only option i'm ever given is to just return the lights for full refund.  seems like they don't even care to lose a customer that tried supporting them from the beginning.
still waiting on echo support too. they say that's the last thing they're putting in the app. kind of bs when the majority of their twitter replies are to people asking when this feature is coming since it's the main reason they bought the bulbs. myself included.
wondering where my bulb is...?
still waiting on echo/amazon/alexa integration and promised.  that's the main reason i bought 8 of these.  it's too cumbersome to use the app to control them.  these will actually be useful for once if i can just talk to alexa to control them.
and my previous post is officially moot. new app is available on ios. search "new ilumi."
i suspect that many like me are disappointed with the endless delays of the new app that was promised originally for november, then the "winter," then april, then may, and is now simply listed on the website as "in beta testing." while i enjoy the build quality of the bulbs, the current app is a disaster and i encourage everyone that still reads these comments to consider writing a negative review on the app store/google play store. perhaps (justifiably) driving the review scores down will get somebody's attention such that ilumi will be a little more forthcoming with information. after all, we backed this project believing that we would have a fully-functioning app to use. it's only fair.
per the ilumi twitter account: may 9th - new app should be out next week! may 12th - new app will be available next week it's now may 31st and as far as i can tell there's no new app?  just sayin' any update, however small would be well appreciated, guys
i haven't received my light bulbs :( c'mon folks. i believe in you!
@terry thanks for the link. hopefully they follow through.
anyone know if a way to get a harmony remote to control these? with the harmony hub
here's what i got from them a few weeks ago about ifttt. guess cross your fingers. https://twitter.com/ilumisolutions/status/725787063086403586
aside from a few issues here and there, the bulbs have been behaving lately. i do have a question about the future though. as part of the campaign, it was mentioned that ifttt support would be integrated. is this still happening, and what is the expected target for having it available? thanks, cody
can't download the android beta still. not up on hockey
i tested the new beta app, and for me it actually works a lot better than the old app, so can't wait to finalize it. just one suggestion i have, adjusting the brightness and color is a little strange, it was easier on the old one. otherwise with the new one no longer need to issue a command multiple times, works right away which is a huge plus for me :-d
one of my bulbs will no longer connect to my phone so it will not recognize it anymore. it functions only as a normal lightbulb now please help.
the beta app has the new candlelight feature, but it appears to be broken. constantly flickers at full brightness.
all i want is to make my globes flicker red and yellow like a fireplace! i thought that was going to be a thing but so far it seems i've just got globes that are solid colors...
this comment section is pretty much dead. ilumi actually answers their twitter account though. takes a few days, but they do get around to it. @ilumisolutions
i am really tired of getting mails about discount if i buy more lightbulbs, when you haven't even finished the product i already bought. the current app + bulbs are flawed. more than half the time i can't control the bulbs from my iphone without having to close the app and reopening it. the color picker is horrendous to use and it is even worse if you want to choose cold or warm white light. please stop sending your mails offering a discount and finish the product instead. and maybe post a honest update for once about how things are going and why there are delays.
how can it be so difficult to make it possible to programm some own sunrises or policelights or candlelights!? this really sucks and isnt att all what you promised in the campaign..
i can't believe it.. the new app is even worse!! still no ifttt support, you can still not programm the lights to do something and so on.. i am so sad because the lamps are so good quality bt you cant do anything with them at all...
i have still not received my light bulbs and no one will respond to me on a ship date?
good luck. those of us in the beta aren't receiving any updates. there's so much still broken in the app, and as you can see by my comments below, i keep getting told it will come out next week. feel like selling these things as well, but i wouldn't want anyone else to have to deal with the terrible software.
will the rest of us ever get in on the beta? filled out every different step you guys had asked, but never heard anything.  16 bulbs here that have been a real pain in the rear especially after the firmware update from hell - would be nice to see if the app improves anything...
any word on the release date for the android beta app?
@peter walkowiak why are they for sale? and how much is the shipping?
new beta app is supposed to drop beginning of next week according to ilumi. https://twitter.com/ilumisolutions/status/718456183359696897
so what's the eta on the beta app update? was supposed to drop a few weeks ago.
i have two a19 bulbs for sale if anyone is interested!
just wondering when there will be an update to fix the app not working issue where you have to put the phone in airplane mode on android devices. i originally thought the last update should have fixed the problem but it did not. also one of my br30 ilumi's does not turn on and since it has never been used yet i think it is doa, as i have tried changing its place with another ilumi that worked.
so, after a few weeks with the product i would like to make a quick and honest review. i really like the bulbs. they are heavy and appear well made. the light they provide is quite good, powerfull enough to light a small room. but here is when the good news stop.  the biggest problems the light bulb have are with the firmware/software. most of the time i find myself disconnecting and reconecting the bluetooth on my phone to be able to connect with the bulbs.  there is only 1 device a time that can control the bulbs. so if you want all the phones in the house to control the bulbs, look elsewhere. i have a group with 6 bulbs paired and its normal for only 4 of them to receive the commands from the application.  the current application is a bit clunky and not very intuitive. the bulbs take forever to receive the commands from the application. most of the time, i have to reissue the commands two or three times for them to be accepted. my hope is that, given all the problems i´ve talked about seems to be firmware/hardware related, they should be addressable by ilumi.  my honest opinion, i would wait before the new application and the reviews before commiting to this bulbs. i´m also aware that a few good bulbs from china with a lower price range are coming soon and that is also a good reason for waiting.  sorry ilumi, i was really antecipating a good product but as of now, i would not recommend this product to a friend. i really hope for the new app and firmware to bring better news.
hello,  i was an early backer and haven't received my product -  can provide me with an update,  thank you!
i was afraid of that. thanks diederik.
yes only one device can connect to the bulbs at the same time. this makes them pretty worthless to me.
hello, i was an early backer and haven't received my product - hoping you can provide me with an update, thank you!
hi everyone, one thing that keeps happening to me and i wonder if it also happens to others. if i have one device (phone, tablet, etc...) connected to the bulbs, all the other devices can´t connect, they just keep spinning in the groups tab.  anyone else with this behavior? is this a bug or a feature? :) just seems a little strange the bulbs only accepting one connection at the same time.
hi, i havent recieved my product yet please update me on the status of my product delievery with tracking id.
thanks bryant. that worked.
anyone figure out how to delete favorites? they keep popping up in the list. don't know how, and don't know how to remove them.
yeah, i've been given access. demauri, try resetting your bulbs and deleting them from the other app. you'll need to do that before using it with the new app. just keep in mind that for now, the only experience available is "music sync", which is a bit buggy and subpar as of now but has spotify support.
i have access to the beta. it's not picking up my bulbs at the moment. the search for the bulbs keeps spinning.
bryant: are you saying you've been given access to the beta app?
maybe they want us to call home depot canada for questions now...
with the new version of the app coming out soon, these bulbs seem to be the real deal now.
can confirm a significant reduction in the distance required to control my lights with the beta app! i have bulbs all around my house and can control them from across the house!
yeah, this is the bit of kickstarter i like the least, i've got three projects in a holding pattern and just dead silence from them all... we get it, it's late. don't promise new deadlines, just clearly explain what the hurdles are, what you're doing to overcome them and what we can do to help.
and they have gone dark again...
pausing a song doesn't actually pause it anymore. it just stops the song so when you hit play, it restarts. :(
"as of now, we are planning on releasing the beta app in the last week of february and we'll definitely keep you posted on our progress towards this goal." so...where's the progress update?
when is the beta app going to be ready?
definitely would like to go back to the last firmware. was okay with them lasting longer at first, but after going through the color settings, they're appalling to the eye. it's sad since color was the only thing ilumi had over hue.
i noticed that my old bulb works better than the new ones currently. this is pretty disappointing. my old bulb retains its color when it's dimmed, but the new ones end up changing to a simpler color. purple turns to blue and yellow with a tiny bit of green in it turns to green for example. :/ no one likes this new firmware update! you should never take out significant functionality that consumers already have to make a product last a little longer, especially without even letting your customers know about it.
any word on the beta app testing? :)
i just wanted to report back that all my devices are now working properly. thanks for getting this resolved!
thank you hailey for your help!
@creator it's never to late to start writing some unit tests. �
app appears to be no longer crashing for me.
hey everyone, we are currently working to resolve this app crashing issue that many of you are experiencing. our entire team is working to resolve this, and we hope to have a solution in the next couple hours. if we haven't successfully resolved this by then, at the latest we anticipate pushing out a new app update by the end of today or first thing tomorrow morning. the issue is related to how the app is talking to our server. if you have an account with ilumi, your app periodically pings our server to back up your settings. when you first login to the app, the app tries to communicate with our server, so this is most likely where you're experiencing the most crashing - simply trying to open the app. the great news about ilumi is that we are bluetooth and can work independently from a server. you will just need to access the app settings on your device settings, find the ilumi app, and disable data services. you can also switch to airplane mode, but we recommend going into your device settings. @ mark - this is a great example of how ilumi can work independently from your wifi or cellular connection.  if you just deactivated your cellular data to the ilumi app in your device settings, then ilumi will be working independently of our servers.  cheers!
confirmed - ilumi will work on an android device if you put the phone into airplane mode and only enable bluetooth, not wifi. which goes to show that our expensive, $60 lightbulbs are severely screwed if ilumi ever a) goes out of business, b) sells their company to another party, c) decides to shut down their servers for any reason, b) servers fail. the lights, and their 100% functionality should **never** be tied to an active internet connection or a requirement to "call home" and check on ilumi's servers. the app should be able to run 100% independent of this, if the user wants it to. ilumi should also (if they haven't already done so) release the lights' control api, again just in case they fail as a company later on or for whatever reason, the lights can't "phone home". ilumi, below says they're concerned about the longevity of the bulbs, hence them dicking around with the firmware, dimming abilities, colour abilities, etc; i say prove you're concerned with the longevity of the bulbs by providing the bulbs' owners with the tools to use the lights even if ilumi's servers are down, or if your company goes away.
so it seems having internet connection is killing the app, disable both mobile internet and wifi and it should work for now.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
and yes, this is a new low for ilumi. they are obviously not understanding the importance of having a working infrastructure... sigh!
one temporary solution for android phones is to put the phone in "airplane mode" and then reenable only bluetooth. the app won't crash and it's possible to change the lights again. don't forget to turn "airplane mode" off again when you're done.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
for me the android app is also just crashing, here's the logs for that: http://pastebin.com/dgmrllhs will need a fix or revert asap.
wtf have you done now? the app sucked before but now its all ape shit
i agree with the optional part for saturation. the colors are all wrong now. not to mention the bulbs go crazy flashing different colors when i change them manually.
perhaps make the adjustments to the color saturation and brightness optional in-app? i for one value aesthetics over long-life with these bulbs and would prefer slightly shorter-lasting bulbs if it meant i could have the look possible. somebody else might be different, however, and value long-life over a aesthetics, so make it optional.
you folks really need to get your stuff right before pushing out these un-announced updates. i went from having some modicum of proper lighting in our house to having 2/3 of our ilumi bulbs blasting out full daylight, at 10:30pm, with no way to change them because you screwed up the firmware and app connectivity. we replaced several lights with dimmers, and dimmer leds, lights we used to have in our reading area, our kids' area, etc with the ilumi bulbs; because of this screw up, now these areas have full blast daylight lighting, until we yanked the $60 ilumi bulbs out and replaced them with old incandescents and cfls. get this fixed pronto, please.
where is the beta???
same here!!!!!!!
i see you pushed a firmware update that has made  the bulbs worse, and changed how they dim and display colours. please do not do this to our property. the bulbs are your customers' property now, and you're screwing with them. the only fw updates you should ever do is to improve the bulbs' bt ability; not change how they dim or what colours are displayed.
app on 3 different android devices crashes on launch, like others have reported. seriously, wtf ilumi? btw, if this is in any way related to the app needing to "call home" before fully launching and that not working forces a crash, i'll be even more upset. this app and the lights should have zero dependence on ilumi's servers working or being connected to work at full functionality.
i've got one app still working (on my remix mini) but the app on my android phone is dead :(
same here. with the new firmware i just started to actually be able to control the bulbs and now this.
@marcus the same thing just started happening to me too. i have lost all control of the bulbs, good thing they're on a normal color.
app crashes when i try to open it on all of my devices within the last hour. i have cleared cache/data, uninstalled/reinstalled, and rebooted multiple times with the same result. i'm on the newest firmware which, despite the issues mentioned here already with dimming and scene colors being different, has worked well since the update. anyone else having this problem?
hey guys! quick update for those of you asking questions about the new firmware:  we adjusted the color saturation with this update.  we are hoping the long term effects will be an extension of the life of your ilumi.  you may notice that some of your preset scenes look a a little different.  this is normal.  we are so sorry for any inconvenience this may cause but you may need to do some adjustments on your colors to get them exactly where you want them.  some of you have also noticed the dimming capabilities are different as well.  this is also normal for the new firmware. we understand the dimming capabilities worked smoother before. the update is causing our bulbs to turn themselves off at a slightly higher power threshold than the lowest level on the slide indicates. we definitely understand that this isn't perfect and not ideal but again, in the long run, we believe this update will extend the life of everyone's ilumi! the good news is that in our new app, instead of a finicky slide bar, the dimming capabilities will be set by a percentage that you can adjust by arrowing up and down. i hope this helps explain what is happening with some of your bulbs.  we have pulled the firmware temporarily to fix a crash that was happening in the app and will release it again once the crash has been addressed. if you are on the new firmware and are having trouble with anything, please reach out to us at support@ilumi.co.
@dustin having the same issue with the lowest dim setting. several scenes are broken now.
any changelog for the firmware update?
hey everyone!  we know a couple of you are having trouble with the firmware update that was pushed last night.  please reach out to our support desk at support@ilumi.co if you are one of our customers having trouble!
the newest firmware made it so my newer bulbs just turn off when set to a low dim. it made it so one of my preset scenes just doesn't work. plus, a lot of my colors now show up completely different when dimmed. purple switches to blue and orange to red for example.
i tried the hard reset, only worked for about half of my bulbs, one is totally bricked and won't even power on anymore, two others refuse to be found anymore after being deleted from the group they were in.  3 out of 16 failure - not a good percentage...  but it took me several hours of multiple reset attempts and removing / re-pairing to finally get the rest to work.  they really need to come up with a better process than this...
after the firmware update all bulbs got off the grid. had to manually reset each of them to make them work. of the 6 bulbs, one appears completely bricked and have not been able to use it. hopefully there is some sort of warranty that covers this? ugh. (one positive of the whole ordeal was that i figured out the shake to turn on/off feature which is pretty neat.. especially until they have siri integration)
anyone else having massive issues with the new firmware update?  totally rendered them worthless.  i had to completely nuke everything to ground zero, reset all the bulbs, and now when i re-pair them, they work, until the first time i actually turn a light off with a switch - then it's never seen by the app again until i totally reset it again and re-add again, then as soon as you turn it off with a switch, it is lost.  happens with both the a19 and the br30's for me, gen 2.  i removed the gen1 bulbs so can't compare to those now.  using the most current app.  they were frustrating enough before, but now they're just totally useless.  17 of these things spread through my great room, kitchen, and hallway, and only two seem to persist now after a power off.....
any update on when the beta app will be released?
looking forward to the beta app.. the current lack of integration make them no more useful than standard bulbs.
cant wait for the beta of the new app!
is there a web forum where we can talk and see each other's issues and see how some of us have solved those issues?   like: my bulbs spontaneously turn on sometimes.  i live in a 15x25 studio apartment where i'm using 4 bulbs in different groups.
they're all very close; probably about 10 feet apart in a triangle.
@ zach - in general, the music sync feature for the new app runs a lot smoother.  you will be able to tell a noticeable difference when we release the new app.  we are planning on integrating with spotify for our new app. there are also considerations for pandora. @ dustin - if your ilumi are pretty far apart the signal could be delayed as the bluetooth mesh relays the command out to all of the ilumi in your group.  we are working on making that command time shorter in the new app.
@dustin. i'm pretty sure that's because your phone grabs one bulb to issue a command and the rest use the bluetooth mesh to get the command from the first bulb. noticed they have this ability with the first firmware update. kind of prefer it this way as connecting with one bulb can save battery power on your phone.
all of my bulbs are in the same group. they are all out of sync by a fraction of a second, but it is very noticeable. sometimes a color will linger on a bulb while the others have moved on.
i have a quick question on the dance/ party mode. i saw the update was supposed to fix something. it appears that the ilumi lights go to the music but they are always about a second off beat. is there anyway to make it so they change to the beat instead of right after it? another question i have is will the new ilumi app have the ability to use spotify while in party mode?
@ boot - we are so sorry that you are having difficulties with your ilumi lights.  if you could send a ticket to our support desk, we would love to work through this with you! support@ilumi.co @ dustin - it sounds like all of your ilumi are in different groups...is this correct? the music sync feature is designed to work differently with different groups.  if all of your ilumi are in a single group, they should work together. let us know if this is not the case so that we can look into that.  we will also take a look at the play/pause issue. @terry - so glad to hear connectivity has improved.  that was one of our main focuses for the update! @diederik - the bluetooth connection for the ilumi is a one-to-one connection so the lights would have to disconnect from your tablet before you can access them with your phone.
is it possible to connect to the bulbs with more than one device? if i want to dim the lights with my phone but the bulbs are still connected to the tablet it seems that i cannot connect.
don't know what you guys did, but connectivity and response time for the bulbs has improved a lot in the new app. damn near instant. giving me hope for the future with these.
i was hoping that the newest app update that claimed to improve music sync would actually improve my experience. i have 3 bulbs in my room and none of them are in sync when music is played. and now, whenever a song is paused, it starts over when the play button is hit.
i am really curious about how ilumi won an award at ces for the bluetooth mesh technology and is being positively portrayed on shark tank. did anyone at ces actually use the bluetooth mesh? because the bulbs do not work as a mesh at all. multiple users have mentioned this and every time ilumi glosses over the issue as it is a one off or personal problem. the only thing ilumi will elude to is that the miraculous new app will fix all my problems when it finally arrives. currently however a group of 6 in a single bedroom will never work as a single unit regardless of the device or os used. currently out over a $1000 on smart bulbs that have a 3 foot range :(
heather, thanks for your feedback. unfortunately you didn’t change my opinion of you for the reasons i already explained. in reading your last email, i understand that we have not the same idea of the "respect of the customer" as my favorite brand names but i am not here to try to « educate » you. as my time is precious like yours,  i will stop here but i will never forget your sales approach. regards etienne
@ david - the integrations will be released with our new app.  we'll start beta testing them at the end of february and keep adding more until we have them all released. @ diana - yes! we will be sending the google form out to everyone so that we don't miss any backers that want access to the beta app! we will send out an email blast much like the one we sent last week that had everyone's kickstarter discount codes.
hey @creator - are u sending that google form to all of us? or just the folks who emailed about the beta? i didn't see that post from earlier to email but i definitely want to beta test the new app. super excited.
echo/amazon integration was supposed to be done before 2016, but still hasn't been done.  is there an updated time frame for this?  it's one of the main reasons i got these.
@ terry - hey terry! the first beta app will probably not have the ifttt integration but i believe it will be ready by the second integration.  we are planning on posting an update today or tomorrow with more info on the beta process and will hopefully be able to answer some of these questions in more detail. @ geoff - hey there geoff!  if you have not received your reward yet please reach out to us at support@ilumi.co for assistance!
wondering why i haven't received my reward nor any information.
can't wait to try the beat app. please tel me it has ifttt support.
hello everyone! we know some of you are starting to receive your special kickstarter backer membership coupon and rewards information. if you haven't received it yet, you will receive it within the next 24 hours! we are getting a ton of emails about beta access and we are so excited you are all ready to help us get our app ready for public launch.  because of the high volume of emails we are receiving, we are going to send out an email next week with access to a google form for each of you to sign up instead of having you each email in to our support desk about beta access.  we want to make sure everyone has the opportunity to sign up for our beta testing group but we are afraid we will miss someone if we try to handle sign ups through our support desk and a google form will help us gather everyone's information in a much more efficient way.  if you have any specific questions regarding the beta testing process, please feel free to shoot us an email! cheers and we can't wait to get started!
@aviv - glad we got everything working again! @david and anyone else interested in beta testing - we've had a couple of backers start sending in messages to our support desk asking to be added.  we will probably have a more formal process to sign up in a couple of weeks.  but for now, if you would like to go ahead and send us your info - send an email to support@ilumi.co.  it would be super helpful if you can go ahead and include your 1)kickstarter backer number, 2) current operating system, 3) device(s) you will be using.  thanks for your interest and support!
hi ilumi!  i would like to be a beta tester and to purchase a few more bulbs at the ks price. thanks
hi hailey! thanks for your quick reply you have solved my problem :)
hey everyone! thanks so much for your patience. we apologize we haven't posted a comment response for y'all in a while - we're responding to your individual messages as well as your support tickets. it's definitely best to reach out to us directly for assistance at support@ilumi.co so we can work to resolve your problem or answer any questions you may have. thanks so much to everyone jumping in and helping to answer questions for the community. we are so lucky to have such amazing backers willing to lend a hand! for app related issues - definitely email us! our development team is supporting both the current app and working on the new app release. if there are specific features you're not able to get working, please let us know at support@ilumi.co connection issues - we want to make sure if you're not currently able to control your bulbs, that we get you connected as quickly as possible. this is usually a quick fix! the first thing you can do is check that your bluetooth icon on your device is active when you have the app open. if it is greyed out or not showing up, you need to turn your bluetooth on and off to try and refresh the bluetooth connection. if you're still having problems, email us at support@ilumi.co and we can work with you to find out where the disconnect is happening. shipping issues - if you have not received your bulb by this point, please email us as soon as possible! everyone should have received their rewards by now :). hurray! beta testing - we'll soon be opening up the new app for our beta testers. if you're interested and have not reached out please let us know! please let us know if you have any questions! hailey, heather, corey and swapnil are working through your questions and comments being emailed into support@ilumi.co so please don't hesitate to reach out. cheers! team ilumi
what a surprise dhl made me pay 85 euro extra on top of what i already payed. i ordered 6 regular bulbs and one flood light. 283 usd including shipping. with the extra of 85 euro, i payed around 50 euro per bulb. for that price you have hue light bulbs. the ilumi bulbs themselves are not very good.50% of the time there is no bt connection turning on the light with the wall switch fixes that). the torch function only turns on the lights but does not turn them off, if it can connect that is. the app is a mess, i hope the new app will arrive soon. not very happy with this.
@ana make sure you are connected to the bulb, the experience is on and in the "shake" experience settings try moving the "sensitivity" slider to the far right.
@alejandro thanks for the tip! i had a feeling it would be possible somehow.
well i can't use the shaking part of the experience :(
my bulb works great, no problems yet o.o i use it for my alarm and have a set time when it turns on, since im getting home from work. i enjoy it a lot and the app has no issues so far o.o /crosses fingers
@creator -- this may have been asked in the past. any plans to integrate ifttt and/or logitech harmony in the near future?
searched online... i found this worked for me... https://ilumi.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/202387440-manual-reset-instructions
my ilumi were working fine for a few days but not my app just couldn't connect... deleted the app and re-installed and still nothing... help!
my ilumi were working fine for a few days but not my app just couldn't connect... deleted the app and re-installed and still nothing... help!
i received my a19 bulbs but one of them will not connect to the ilumi app. i have tried multiple phones (both ios and android) but the app just does not see it. the bulbs does turn on manually  so suspect something related to the bluetooth functionality. i have sent an email to support but nothing. i am posting here to see if i have better luck.
ilumi, i´ve opened a support ticket for an e-invoice for the customs departament in my country. can you please get back to me asap?
@peter to make a bulb not participate in a scene: when editing the scene tap on the square to select color it will say "off" then tap again it will have a "not selected" icon @mark the server is only to sync your scenes and experiences with your account so you can use multiple devices (it doesn't actually work, devices with old information can override new information) @vincent try to close - reopen the app and play with the range setting, also i've found it is not very consistent sometimes it turns on quickly, sometimes until i open the app
i couldn't get the ilumi to detect my presence such that it could turn on automatically when i get home. how do i make that setting work?
i pledged for the a19 room pack reward which should includes a set of four a19 smartbulbs. however, the package only contains three. anybody has the similar situation?
@mark my iphone is able to control my ilumi lights without an internet connection. i tried putting my phone in airplane mode but leaving bluetooth on.  the app tells me it is unable to contact the server but after i dismiss the message i am able to control the lights via bluetooth (provided i'm standing within 10 feet of the bulb due to the horrible range).
i have asked this question several times, here and in another venue; i have yet to see an answer from ilumi. so i will try again: the app and how the bulbs work are intrinsically tied to ilumi staying in business and running servers. what if ilumi is bought out or goes bankrupt, or otherwise shutters? in 10 years, 5 years, 2 years from now, what happens to these buibs and their use? from what i can tell, the app has to have an active internet connection and ilumi's servers working in conjunction with what you're doing within the app. what safeguards are in place for $60 bulbs having a true 20 year + lifespan if ilumi goes out of business, or is bought out, or otherwise decides they don't want to support these bulbs any longer?
after a few more days with my a19's and br, ive noticed none of the lights remember their settings. so, for 10 lights that means changing all the settings back, every time they are turned off and on at the switch, that's right 10 times, and then again when they are turned off then on.  did you test any of your products ilumi?
shitty bulbs with a shitty app. i got 10 normal bulbs and 7 of the bigger ones. i just had to turn every single bulb off by hand cause the app is not responding at all. and yes ive done everh single shitty step in your bluetooth tutorial and its not the problem. its you shitty app. never had any more frustrating app to work with before. takes forever to get connection with the bulbs. then there is a lag out of this world often when it comes to changing colors. to switch off all bulbs takes forever. i put over 400 dollars into this shitty experience. you better fucking fix this or i will spread the word around the world that people shouldnt buy these bulbs.
having used them for a couple of days i would say an ilumi compatible wall dimmer switch would be a great (maybe even essential) addition and (at least) massively enhance the experience. anyone else agree with me? the bulbs when they work and the app works are great, but for getting the lights on and off, lighter or dimmer quickly the experience is inferior to dumb bulbs with a dimmer switch. any chance of developing a dimmer switch ilumi?
so here are the unboxing of ilumi led smartbulbs : • a19 led smartbulb : https://youtu.be/vtt8ugvksci • br30 led flood smartbulb : https://youtu.be/tkpp_ljrp00 for now, i don't have any issue with the br30 (didn't test a19 yet) which is the one i like most because of its brightness (1100 lumens, 85w equivalent). still, i would have preferred that br30 provide more brightness, something equivalent to 100w. it would have been perfect ! i'm looking forward to the arrival of the new app with a better ui. greetings.
got my 4x a19 bulbs and 1x br30 bulb yesterday after paying  additional 52€ of taxes to dhl. i already paid 58$ for shipping and thought that taxes was included there? how can shipping of 5 small bulbs be so expensive? furthermire, one of my 4 a19 bulbs was broken after just one day... i can't switch it on or connect to it via the app anymore. very disappointing for such an expensive product!
got my bulbs today after dhl was done messing me around for 3 days. i'm in the uk and only had to pay £30 for my 8 bulbs (5 bayonet, 3 screw) which is less per bulb than others have had to pay for some reason. i don't mind as when i backed this project i always knew there was a risk we would have to pay import fees. particularly when buying things from the us, this is very common, so the backers who are complaining should note thia for the future. generally when things are shipped from hong kong though you don't end up paying, so i'm not sure why it was different in this case, but that's no big deal as it wasnt mentioned they would come from hong kong in the project description anyway. i'm very happy with the hardware. the build quality of the bulbs, and the colours they produce, are great. as others have said, the app does let the product down just due to general bugginess. there are already some promising features which seem to work well, which is good, but it needs a lot of polishing. the most particularly annoying thing is that a lot of the times when i open the app, all my bulbs show as being white even though they're not. sometimes changing the brightness will update the app with the correct colour, but often it will make the bulbs white and i'll have to go and re-set the colours. the scenes feature works well and makes this slightly less annoying, but it would be nice to have a way to have scenes affect some bulbs and not others (this may exist, but if it does it's not obvious how to do it at all). occasionally when theyre all showing as white i'll have to kill and reopen the app several times before i can get it to do anything to the bulbs. i could deal with the bad ui if things just worked as you expected them to, but unfortunately this doesn't seem to happen currently. i'm sure you know all this already and are working on it, as i've written it based on the few hours i've had with the bulbs, so yeah, i'll stop going on about it for now. looking forward to beta testing the new app. if you need a beta beta tester (i.e. before rolling out to the pretty demanding kickstarter buyers), i am your man. anyway, while the app does require a bit of fiddling, it does work, and i'm just happy to have received them finally. thanks for sticking with us  ilumi, we got there in the end! one last question which i think someone else asked but i didn't see an answer to: will the extra bulbs we've been offered at kickstarter pricing as a thank you be available to early bird backers at early bird pricing? if so, that would be awesome and i will definitely be buying more. cheers!
i've just had to pay an additional £17 (approx $24) for receipt of my order, this is of course over and above the $20 i paid upfront for shipping in the first place. i'm afraid your post from the 29th of december explaining this is inadequate and frankly a little self pitying. it was not clear to me at the time of placing my order that there would or could be additional costs backloaded onto the order. if it was ever stated, it certainly wasn't stated clearly enough in my opinion. by offering international shipping i think it was fair to assume that was the final cost. the price of the international shipping was nearly enough in itself to put me off backing at all, had i known i'd have had to pay more than twice the quoted shipping price to actually receive the item then you would have certainly had one less backer. the excuse of the varying regulations making it difficult to manage is a little pathetic, truth be told. if it's so arduous to manage, then don't offer it. also, you have the benefit of a previous kickstarter campaign. i can see no excuses for managing it in the way you have chosen to do so. i've not even opened my product yet but this is already chalked down as my first negative kickstarter experience.
i have the same problem as john howell. my bulbs turned on, flashed white, then went off and won't turn back on again. absolutely livid with how much a waste of time and money this process has been. i have emailed support and await a reply regarding replacement or reimbursement, but i have a feeling it's going to be another three months wait before this gets resolved! absolutely disgusting experience and has frankly put me off backing any more kickstarter projects.
is support email of ilumi actually working?
i have had an issue also where my bulbs were installed turned on and did its flashing colours thing - went white, paired to the app then after a few seconds one just vanished and the bulb will not work, the other 3 i have are all fine and running perfectly. little to no luck with a response from ilumi on how to get a replacement.
i guess there's a firmware update together with the app to fix the range and mesh network issues
would be nice if the ilumi people could explain some about how the mesh network is supposed to work and what limits there are regarding the setup and configuration of the lamps in a mesh, and how we know when it do work. i think we're worth it to say the least...
received my ilumi and pretty happy with them. now eagerly waiting for the new app
my box has been tampered with, the labels that say do not accept if this seal is broken, have both been broken & then resealed.
am i the only one still not collect my ilumi?
so been using it for a week now. overall they work just fine, although having 4 in a single group sometimes just a few of them get the command when changing color/scene. reiterating the command multiple times seems to solve it.
just received my 10 this evening in the uk. had to pay £49 which was a bit rubbish (but expected) and have slight concerns about the bluetooth mesh. however, although not tested fully yet, i had zero issues with pairing up or controlling the ones i have just installed. gunna have a proper play tomorrow but i for one am really impressed, especially with the colour range and brightness - the missus even got excited about them and she had a lot of concerns beforehand! just needs the app to be updated now!
@jens i've seen no indication that my two bulbs are aware of each other. however, they are approximately 20 feet (6 meters) apart and that appears to be well beyond their bluetooth range. my phone has to be pretty close in order to control the lights. in general i'm in favor of wifi for smart devices because of the extra range and the ease of connecting them to the internet, though that is hardly perfect as well. i have 4 lifx wifi enabled bulbs in my house and while range isn't an issue they do tend to lose their network connection, turning them into expensive dumb light bulbs. i'm beginning to wonder if the time for smart bulbs just isn't here yet, though i admittedly have not tried zigbee or zwave bulbs.
received my 10' a19's and 1' br30 today 5th of january at 10:00am 2016. australia.  two a19's stopped responding to the app. replaced with another  two a19's and they worked just fine. just to reiterate, they will turn on, flash 4 colors then stay on, but they wont pair with the app.  be aware people there are quality control issues with ilumi.          i was lucky as i have 10 to pick from if one is bad out the box, but you might not have this option.  waiting on this app update, it better come soon.  i still have 4 bulbs that are unboxed, fingers crossed they work.  also:    @creator, what is ilumi's warranty on non-pairing bulbs?
a quick unxobing of the a19 led smartbulb for those waiting for theirs to arrive : https://youtu.be/vtt8ugvksci. the two others, br30, will come in a next video. for now, waiting for the next version of the app (as shown on ilimi's website). greetings.
hi, i've got mine since almost a week now, after paying a huge amount of shipping, taxes, dhl costs, etc. the control range is terribly bad ! i've got an iphone 6s and i can't even switch on and off from a room to another, 3 meters (10 ft) away with the door open. @jens, they even promised 150+ ft, we are sooo far from that !
hello i found a « message »  from dhl because i was not here to received my pack. i discussed with dhl about this delivery and i am more than disappointed by the tax/duty requested by dhl for this order (done on  kickstarter) for your information, my pledge was 95$ + 35$ for shipping now, i have to pay more than 63$ of duty to dhl: the cost of the product is cheaper than the cost of "shipping and tax"! why this information have never been underlined,previously! from my point of view, it is not correct. thanks to let me know what i have to do. i am waiting your feedback before to call back dhl regarding this delivery etienne fyi, last year,  i bought a ilumi on kickstarter: no duty had been requested at the delivery time!!!
anyone else noticed any indication that the bulbs are aware of each other? they're supposed to create a mesh network. i can't even controll them from 4 meters away with a wooden wall in between so i guess they have to have a free view of each other. they promise 50 meter if i remember correctly...
any update on india shipping.
any updates in delivery would be most appreciated
pledged $79 for 2 a19's including delivery. anyone else know if import tax of £17 in correct or not?
finally got my ilumi led smartbulbs the last day of the year ! ��testing them, videos incoming. greetings from france and had also to pay 43€ for tax...
just got a notification from dhl to say that a package is on its way from china from a qian xin jian??? i can only assume that these are the ilumi bulbs? i'm slightly disappointed about the lack of comms regarding the delay of the bayonet bulbs (although the fact that these were made available post-pledge was fab with me being in the uk) but i'm holding out hope that these will be everything i am hoping them to be! slightly scared about the import duty with me buying 10 :s anyone able to advise as to how much i can expect to pay?
got them in germany, but had to pay another 45€ for a product value of 96$. don't like that. will have to contact the tax office...
the music experience is absolutely amazing!!!
also, i'd really like the music feature to work by using the phone mic and external music. this makes it way better usable. even with movies and stuff. are there plans on integrating this in the future?
got my bulbs yesterday. this is extremely fast considering they were in china the day before.. good job dhl! the taxes issue is not really ilumi's fault. i could have checked my local taxes policy earlier and would have found out. i came to me as a surprise, but it has to do with the order size. in my country every order from outside of the eu of above €150 (incl shipping) is heavily charged. i haven't ordered anything from outside the eu above this amount earlier, that's why i was shocked at first. the bulbs are pretty amazing, great colours. nicely packaged. i love the wake up feature (although even that bright of a light still doesn't wake me, haha). the app definitely needs some work, but in the meantime i still love the features of the current app. ifttt integration is a big deal in the next app :). also question, the torch feature doesn't seem to work for me. how far of a distance is needed for it to turn of on the lowest distance setting?
one more thing, any planes to open source the app? or provide some public open api; being a developer i would be interested in helping out.
hello, so got mine too. the import taxes are unpleasant, but oh well. they work okayish, definitely usable. the music sync sometimes hangs :d so waiting for the new app.  april seems a little far of, as in august you already talked about it. other than that liking it for the moment.
got my bulbs today. they seem nice... when they work. having difficulty with two lamps paired to one phone, and one the not responding even after both being paired. i'll submit a ticket. also, no app support for nexus 10. come on! please! why wouldn't i want to control the bulbs from my nexus tablet? the reference implementation of android. fail. :-( so, for me, right now, it's an superexpensive, underwhelming and broken product. sorry guys. harsh words maybe but after having been so long in production (this is version 2) these problems should have been sorted out long time ago. until you fix the problems and make the experience smooth i won't recommend this at all.
just received the track and trace code. however also need to pay import taxes of  eur 118.52!! this is quite a surprise for an order of 350 euro's. does anyone know if there will be some kind of compensation for this? regards
the question is, is dhl adding any handling och administrative fees on top of customs charges and vat? if i recall correctly that has happened before which should not really be something the backers have to pay. anyone who have checked this?
@peter i paid £4.20 tax for 1 x br30
hey guys, again we are very sorry if there was any confusion or misinterpretation around vat duties, but we attempted to inform everyone that all duties or vat would be each individual person's responsibility. with 60 countries and varying regulations, it would be very difficult for us to try and collect those amounts in advance. if you have any specific questions or concerns, feel free to reach out to us at support@ilumi.co to address.  we are working our way through tickets as quickly as we can and will get to you shortly. @ lance - glad to hear you are loving your ilumi!  those integrations should be available with the release of our new app in april. @ nimay - we do have a tracking number for you, reach out to us at support@ilumi.co and we can assist!
correct me if i'm wrong but if you are an international buyer, you will still be paying import taxes buying from best buy or any other e-commerces... @creator no tracking info for me yet... is there any problem i should worry about?
if i get it right (sorry if i don't), i wouldn't call "making people pay 60$ or € more without warning" a confusion. after sending the bulbs 4 months later than you should have, the least you could do is to try to keep the bulbs the cheapest for your backers. the whole point of being a backer is to get the product before to be able to buy it in a store and get it cheaper than it would be in the said store. getting the product after the store is okay-ish, but if we have to add 60 bucks to the price, are the bulbs any cheaper than it would be at best buy? according to the discount email, no! international backers are paying more (!) to get the product later, and i'm not including the import cost. that's simply not fair!  what are you planning to do to make it up to us (except telling us to ask for a refund once again) ?
@william how many bulbs did you back for, out of interest, to be charged £4.20?
for anyone with concerns about import taxes we are very sorry for any confusion. unfortunately, with shipping to more than 60 countries, we don't know what tax codes or implications there may be for specific countries. well this is worth checking out before sending all the packages. there is no way i would've backed this is if i knew beforehand i had to pay €60!! on top of price already. i got the package yesterday and had to pay 60 euro cash i never have cash laying around wich was a huge problem. thankfully i managed to borrow some of neighbours but do you know how emberassing that is? i already send another e-mail for a refund and left the package still in packing and i expect a full refund including the damn import taxes i never even knew about wich was 50% of the price!!!!
loving my bulbs, thanks. however i'm really looking forward to homekit integration and an apple watch app. when that happens i'll convert the whole house. can i get a timeline estimate on when you think you'll be able to deliver on those two key features?
@ nelson - sorry for the delay in getting to your ticket but we have followed up as of this morning :) @ t.j. - you should be able to turn your ilumi off from within the app and they will still be receptive to commands. @ ronald - sorry for any confusion.  all of our ilumi are universal power and rated up to 230v/50hz so you can definitely use your ilumi.  this is related to our etl labeling issue.  we had to include that for any ilumi that may have shipped to the us or canada. @ david - we will have several updated and new features with our new app.  i'm not 100% sure if we will have a feature like this but will put in a request to the development team for you.  as for the discounts, we will be creating individualized discount codes that can be used on our website and will email them out.  we've got a couple of things coming up for us right now but we should have the codes out in a couple of weeks. @ eloisa - yes, we would definitely recommend switching to a non-dimmer  light switch.  there are a couple of led compliant dimmer switches on the market but even those could potentially harm the life of your ilumi smartbulbs. @ anne - we are still working on it but amazon echo will more than likely be integrated into our app for anyone with concerns about import taxes we are very sorry for any confusion.  unfortunately, with shipping to more than 60 countries, we don't know what tax codes or implications there may be for specific countries.
will the amazon echo integration be included in the new app, or are you doing that as an alexa "skill"?
@eloisa  i changed all my switches to non-dimmers and they work great.  i was getting a buzzing noise with dimmers and it totally went away when i switched.
so, i'll receive my bulbs tomorrow, the import taxes are valid, for me it's 60 usd for the four bulbs (128 usd value).
received my bulbs. question on the flood light i have it on a dimmer switch and the light flickers. i read it might be my dimmer switch. do you have any suggestion on the type of dimmer switch that is compatible or do you suggest i changed the switch to a non- dimmer switch?
@ilumi i´me still waiting to hear for the the cancellation of my order...
you are kidding - i have payed 60 euro on the top for import!! hey people if you thinking about to order this bulbs. forget it. there are a lot of better bulbs from idual, for lower price an more functions!
received my tracking number but received an import tax invoice for €59!! i ordered just 4 bulbs for around €130..
just got my ilumi and im in love! beyond my expectations and everything works beautifuly! happy new year everybody!
i've just received my tracking number for the uk and i have been told i need to pay import tax of £4.20, has anyone else had this?
merry christmas ilumi!  my bulbs have helped decorate our home from halloween to christmas and each day in between.  can't wait for the new app! one feature i would love would be to slow fade alternating between at least two colors.  any chance we will be able to do that with the new app?  can we do it now and i just don't know how?  also, how can we order more at our kickstarter price?  thanks for the update and all the hard work!  happy holidays!
i just got my ilumni. it looks great but there's a note in the manual saying "...this product is intended to be used of a power supply of 120 v & 60 hz only..." so it actually cannot be used with the europe standard of 230v 50hz?
the new ilumis are great! one thought: would it be possible to update the firmware to allow for "turning off" the lightbulb (i.e. the bulb is not emitting light, but is still receptive to commands) by toggling the light switch off and on again?
@ilumi i´ve asked for the cancellation of the order a few days ago but got the tracking number today. can you please check the status of the cancellation and refund before the reward is shipped?
well the good thing is that we are getting our ilumis! merry christmas to corey, hailey the rest of the ilumi team and of course to all of you! oh oh oh �
@bernát: thank you so much for posting! we're glad you received your tracking number! we're all working very hard to try to make this happen as quickly as possible. we greatly appreciate you providing hope to other eagerly awaiting backers :) - also, so sorry for you not receiving a response just yet! we're responding to emails, but it might be that yours is still in the queue. i'll make sure i respond to you tonight. @alejandro: we do apologize for this and it certainly was not intentional. there's a ton of moving parts to this campaign, but we are in the home stretch now! we hope that you receive your bulbs very soon :) thanks everyone! heather garcia
so to inspire some hope too, i got my tracking number today b-)
well @ilumi you should be more open with what's happening, all this nonsense was because of misleading information you gave us or giving no information at all. :)
hey corey, thanks for the update. already wrote 26 hours ago to support, no answer yet. requested expedited shipping, last week on first notice, given that tomorrow is christmas it's quite certain now i'll not get it by then. i for one hopped for some additional swag in the shipment (for example a mug or something) as a token of sorry; but i understand it would perhaps even further delay transport. anyways, merry christmas and have some restful holidays! and hopping for brighter days and nights ;) pun intended :p
hey everyone,  pretty obvious a lot of the comments here have a lot of frustration behind them.  we started this project with the hopes of making your lives brighter, simpler, and less stressful, and if we’ve missed the mark with some of you, we sincerely apologize. but, we will do whatever we can to try and turn things around for each and every one of you that aren’t happy with your being a backer of ilumi right now. just to make sure we don’t miss any comments, feedback, or issues, the best way we can make sure to address your concerns is if you e-mail us directly at support@ilumi.co, especially if you need troubleshooting assistance with your bulbs. for international shipments, we understand it has been a sort of last straw for many of you. unfortunately, shipping to over 60 different countries isn’t exactly the smoothest process. based on requests to reduce the shipping fees, we contracted a shipping provider overseas and they have unfortunately been much slower to fulfill orders than they originally committed. we understand that you're very frustrated though and you still don’t have your smartbulbs, but they are coming.  75% of orders have shipped and the remaining (crossing fingers) should ship out in the next few days. tracking numbers are being sent to us manually, so we are compiling those and will e-mail those out as soon as we can. with all that said, if you want a refund for your smartbulbs, please reach out to us as quickly as possible. once orders are shipped it becomes a more difficult process to get them returned and to refund your pledge. however, we are still extremely thankful to have such a passionate group of backers, and that you're still here giving us the chance to make this right means the world to our team. we really do your frustration and care about your experience with your smartbulbs and your happiness. we wish each of you a merry christmas and happy holidays corey also, trying to answer as many direct comments as i can here, but again reach out to support@ilumi.co if i missed anything.  @terry – i’m e-mailing you directly to make sure we sort out your issues with bulbs turning on randomly. we care! @david – sorry to hear that you’re no longer a fan. we’ll make sure to send you a refund and hope we can earn your trust back so you can join the ilumi nation in the future.  @alejandro – getting feedback from you guys is essential to improving the experience with ilumi. it’s hard for us to keep tabs on the kickstarter channels but respond to support@ilumi.co regularly. sorry if we missed some communications but what can we help you with? @arpita – great question on apple watch, honestly we haven’t been able to prioritize that development quite yet as our focus has bene on getting smartbulbs out the door, fixing issues with the existing app, and pressing forward with the 3.0 app. i’d be remised to commit to a date with bad information right now, but we are working on overall updated timelines on the software and integration side and will update everyone as soon as we can.  @colin – the reason international shipments went out after us shipments was because of a delay in receiving the ce certification and the complexity in fulfilling shipments to 60 different countries. definitely our bad but no ill-intention. we love the fact that we have amazing backers like you from all over the world as part of the ilumi nation. if there’s any information we can help share, please do pass it on.  @lee – fair point, we’re trying to do the best we can to take care of international backers, but as mentioned to colin above, the process for fulfilling international orders just wasn’t as smooth as we expected. all we can do now is just try and get you international shipments out the door and try and learn and improve our communication.  @fabrizio and @glen  – my sincerest apologies for being rude as it is in poor taste to receive a promo e-mail when you’re waiting for your order.  @christopher – agreed this is a great feature and something we are working on for the new app. not that it helps you right now. my suggestion is to create a few different scenes and schedule them through the evening to automatically rotate.  @peter – understand and share your frustration. we’ve passed on dates given our best estimates and it’s obvious that those haven’t come to fruition. also, because of the shift in production, the bayonet style will be the last to be shipped out, hopefully in the next few days. our apologies if we didn’t make that clear when you decided to receive the bayonets.
did an international buyer receive his order as said many times ? sending this promotional email for best buy whereas all backers did not receive theirs is quite studid...
hey guys, international shipments are almost complete.  we did find out that shipping details are not being sent out so we are working on gathering tracking information from the carriers and will send out an email with shipping details by the end of the day!
if you read section 4 of the terms of use (the contract between the backer and the creator) they have done exactly the opposite. and that is a legal contract according to kickstarter, which they broke
@alenjandro i've been tweeting about this joke of a product since the lies started. unfortunately nobody cares including the man that originally backed this company, marc cuban. i do suggest we all keep telling him how ridiculous this company is. doubt it will matter, but with enough pressure, who knows. his twitter account is @mcuban and ilumi's is @ilumisolutions good luck people. you honestly don't want these bulbs anyway. the connectivity issues and terrible broken app that plague them is too much of a headache. mine still continue to come on at random. they like to change their brightness levels on their own even though the circadian mode isn't on. hoping it's as simple as a firmware update and updating the app, but i doubt it.
hi ilumi team, can you provide an update about the shipment for international backers ? thanks, greetings.
@creator i think i changed my mind this project has upset me, i no longer your fan from indonesia and sorry to my friends that backed this project because i was telling them to. my latest reply to support ------------------------------- heily, if you read it right, i am not directly telling you stupid, i said 50% refund is stupid, i don't need extra 50% of my cost + my bulbs, i don't need your dirty money which possibly coming from other backer's money. now, if the bulbs still has not been sent to international backers i don't see how it's not possible for you to stop sending my bulbs, and get me back my freaking dollars. why did i ask refund? simply because you are a lying company and delaying us international backers for couple times now. so, forget about my bulbs, and billed me my money. david b
she said today i will get tracking id, if not you are truly a very dishonest and low company.
another reply: ------------------------------------------------------------ david, telling me i am stupid is not a good way to get me to help you. i, unfortunately, don't have any control over shipping right now. if i did, trust me, everything would have already been shipped. we are starting to receive tracking information today. i will follow up with you as soon as your tracking info has posted. hailey elder ilumi support ------------------------------------------------------------ fyi i'm directly telling her stupid, this is my previous email stating 50% refund is stupid https://www.dropbox.com/s/62o2uja5gkgu6ka/ilumi.jpg… so guys, when ilumi telling you that you can refund is just a threat for delay....
has anybody made this fiasco public? like talk to the channels that have featured ilumi, tweet or something? i think they will answer immediately
@alejandro santoyo do you really believe they have send the product?
it'd be nice if companies would drop the silent treatment and just be honest with delays and reasons why software is not updated.
feel stupid asking given how delayed everything else has been.. but have to.. any word on apple watch support?
mithun b: are you in europe?
got my bulbs today. thanks.
so best buy can have bulbs but all your international backers get sweet stuff all. why? because we are not in the states and can't sue you? maybe you should look after the people that backed your project and made it a reality? your communication is terrible to say the least uness you want us to buy more stuff.
a 50% refund sounds fine for me. because the bulbs are never going to show up before 2016 :d this comment section is so entertaining :d
uk backer here that took up initial offer to purchase extra bulbs and so far nothing but false promise after false promise, yet i'm invited to now take advantage of special offers to buy more non-existent bulbs? and i'm not "reaching out", i'm asking direct questions about why international backers that supplied start-up funds have been so unfairly treated?
hi everybody. i don't get any answer of my request, to tell me, when i'll get the ordered and payed ilumi! also i don't get any answer on my refund request!  today i get a promotion email, where they offers to buy the ilumi. do somebody knows what's going on? i think this guys are not rude...all of them cheating us!
pretty heaved off about all the promotional emails i have received from ilumi about buying from best buys for xmas, and i, a backer who helped make this all happen, have still yet to receive my pledge. this is ridiculous and extremely rude!
i want some info about ! or my money back
looks like ilumi's t-shirt fulfillment is broken - it appears i just received seth t's shirt...
seriously. i would love to get half my money back and keep my bulbs. especially with how fucking glitchy they are. i'm about to rip them out and go back to dumb bulbs.
@david 50% sounds good because you get to keep the bulbs, maybe sell them?
this is their answer when asking for refund: how is that only fucking 50% refund? are fucking out of your mind ilumi? hey david! thanks so much for reaching out. i'd be happy to assist you with this. unfortunately, our carrier has started shipping out rewards and i can't make any more cancellations or changes at this time. i am so sorry for the delays. is there any other way we can make this up to you? if you would still be interested in keeping your ilumi, i would be more than happy to offer you a 50% refund to make up for the delays and shipping errors we have faced. please let me know if there is anything else we can help with. cheers! warmest regards, hailey elder ilumi support
wish there was a way to make the lights cycle through the various colors...would look nice for christmas.  unless i'm missing something it looks like the only way to do it is to either sync it to music or play a long ass game of simon.
is there a reason, when i'm not home at all, that these things occasionally turn on?  i don't have a vacation or something like that set.  i'll occasionally leave one on for my cat, when i get home (or when my gf arrives before i get home) suddenly the one next to it is also on.   both bulbs are v2.
getting really tired of these things coming on by theirselves whenever they want at night. i don't even have the sunrise setting on. too late to get a refund for this garbage?
still no email with shipping details, sigh... ilumi i have sent you email to cancel my order and refund my order of: 5xa19 and 1xbr30 plus don't mind to send the bonus t-shirt as well.
so far no international backers have commented saying they have received shipping notifications. i'm still waiting, i'm in the uk and had an estimate of 30th nov, later pushed back to 7th dec. i emailed ilumi to ask for expedited shipping (see last update) but yeah, 20th dec and no shipping notification. it's really annoying that ilumi keep making promises regarding dates that they can't keep. if they didn't know the date they were going to start shipping, they shouldn't have given people dates. also, what happened to '@ peter - we are maybe slightly behind on the new app but still very close to on schedule. we will post an update with more info as soon as we know more!'? 20 days into december and no word on the app even being close to being ready, so 'very close to on schedule' clearly went out of the window.
according to your comment 10 days ago, at least someone should have received their bulbs by now... from what i read in the comments i think no one else will receive any bulbs... ever :( easier to buy from best buy, but now i don't want ilumi bulbs
backer 171. can you please confirm when i will receive the bulbs
you are having promotions with discounts and all promising deliveries before new year... you haven't even sent out all to those who supported you in your campaign... and i have a very strong feeling those ordering through your promotions will get theirs before ours... how sad...
lack of international (uk) shipping updates makes me sad.
any update on shipping for international backers?
how do these integrate with the amazon echo (the stretch goal that was promised, and main reason i choose this particular bulb)?
@nolan yes! and often. also tired of them dimming on their own even though i don't have the circadian mode on.
i made the mistake of setting the vacation mode before i left town. now my bulb has remained on for most of the week. of course, without any way to control it outside of the home, i can't do anything about it. so there goes a chunk of the bulb's life...
i received my order a couple weeks ago and for the most part they are awesome. i have small issues with not all the bulbs turning on or off when they are supposed to and the color not changing. i think it might be the app... not sure... anyone else having issues?
so guys what is the problem at the moment? please can you let us know. is there any chance left of a pre-christmas delivery?
i have waited for clear answer on shipment on international order. and what i got is only a vague one that "we will keep you inform". with this, i request for the refund already and will wait to see how long would it take for them to refund accordingly. the delay of shipment for the kickstarter backer, while fulfilling the best buy order shows how ilumi value the kickstarter community and it would be difficult for me to have any trust of them.
for those that haven't received a shipment and want additional bulbs, you could order some from best buy while on sale or go into a best buy store and pick some up.  when your kickstarter shipment comes you can use them or sell them.  i have been looking for sales on ebay and they are scarce.
hi ilumi, is that really all you have to say on the matter? no further info, not rveven an apology for the further delays? it appears that international shipping hasn't even started yet and all you have to give us is an ambiguous response which tells us absolutely nothing at all? i was someone who was sticking up for you when the home depot deal emerged but i become less and less impressed by your communication and business practices with every passing day. alexander is spot on.
hey guys, we are working directly with our manufacturer and carrier to try to get everything shipped.  if you would like a refund, please send your requests to our support desk - support@ilumi.co.
i´m going to wait until tomorrow for an update, if not, i´m going for the refund also...
one failed deadline too far, please tell me how to cancel my order and receive a refund.
is it better to just get a refund and buy from bestbuy??? this is ridiculous and outrageous.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
hi ilumi, it's 14 already and last email stated will be sent on 12, what happened here? what is the latest update? did my my bulbs end up stock on store first? and send my bulbs on later production? please look after the international backers!!
okay. i don't have the circadian feature on, but for some reason my bulbs are still gradually getting dimmer after about 10 minutes. having to keep changing the color back to keep them the desired brightness level is getting very annoying. i hope this gets fixed soon.
stil nothing!!!!!!!!!!
on the 4th of december you wrote all the shipment information was to be sent that day. with an added exclamation mark for emphasis. yet today is the 13th and i still have not received anything. what makes this so frustrating is how you try to present yourselves as an honest and open company to your backers. when really you are either brazenly lying or throwing commitments around without any concern for their realistic actualisation. either way it's dishonest and you should revisit the way you present yourselves and communicate with your customers. being late is fine. making as many statements as you have that have failed to materialise in just 5 short months is shameful. if you just learned to be straight with people and appreciated the importance of being true to your words you'd harvest far less animosity.
rec' yesterday; package well in sleek iphone style box. install all 5 and the connection is spot on (ios). still need to figure out how to make use of scene but overall it seems solidly built and does what it claimed. suggestions: app design is a bit dated, control intensity bar is hard to slide, color wheel is not intuitive to control. but overall gd job guys!
ilumi team: when will i'll get my reward? you wrote that you shipped to the international at the 12/6/15... i'm getting worry! h.b
i´m beginning to think international backers won´t be getting the rewards this year...
still no shipping info... shipment date advised was 6th dec 2015... please update. thanks!
last comment was from me.  i didn't realize i was logged into my wife account.
i have had a great experience with my 8 bulb setup.  i have 1 in the family room, 1 in the breakfast nook, 3 in the kitchen and 3 in the bedroom fan.  now i wish i had purchased more in the kickstarter campign. i had initially thought that the scene feature was pointless until i figured out that i can edit the scenes to disable groups i don't need.  aha, now it makes sense.  i stumbled upon this functionality, but i guess i could have just looked at the instructions on the website where it is clearly stated.   i found another great feature last night.  my wife was getting aggravated that she needed to pull out an app to turn on the lights in the morning, or run downstairs to get her phone to turn on the lights.  well if you flip the switch off and then back on the lights come back on to the default state you have set.  love it!  now it is wife safe.  i look forward to continued functionality to be added with the new app and on.  great work ilumi team.  this has been a great experience in my first home smart device integration.
one more thought this evening - the app and how the bulbs work are intrinsically tied to ilumi staying in business and running servers. what if ilumi is bought out or goes bankrupt, or otherwise shutters? in 10 years, 5 years, 2 years from now, what happens to these buibs and their use? from what i can tell, the app has to have an active internet connection and ilumi's servers working in conjunction with what you're doing within the app. what safeguards are in place for $60 bulbs having a true 20 year + lifespan?
@mark pretty much the same experience here on ios connectivity is a little better, but i'm certainly tired of always telling the app to retry changing the color of a group. and let's not forget that even if i turn off the sunrise feature, they still want to come on at the old set time. about to put the old dumb bulbs back in too if they don't fix the app soon.
i'll also add that "scene" is useless if you're trying to manage different parts of your home. you can't isolate a "scene" to one grouping of lights - it does a "snapshot" of all your groups. i haven't figured out how to isolate on one group and try to set an auto off time for the lights in, say, the living room, or bedroom.
after my comments yesterday re the app experience, i feel the need to state again and state something clearly. the app experience on android is absolutely, completely, utterly horrible. so much so that my wife made me yank all the ilumi builbs (6 of them) out this evening because of the complete flakiness of the app. here's some problems of many: - bluetooth connectivity is very spotty and completely unreliable. - trying to use the app sometimes results in lights in various rooms cycling - including the bedroom lights (a very bad thing if someone's sleeping) - some of our lights go completely "rogue"; right now, the one light we have in the living room refuses to connect to the app, then just goes into its own colour (not the default we set). pressing the colour wheel choice maybe 10 times results, eventually, in a colour change. - some very basic functionality missing. for example, where's a fade to off, or fade from one colour to another option? where's the ability to actually set your work and sleep hours for a circadian cycle that makes sense to your own life and location (for instance, it gets dark a lot earlier in vancouver bc, than it does in la). i literally wasted an entire evening trying to "tame" these six lights. the app is a trainwreck. a new one better come soon, and these bluetooth connectivity issues need to be completely solved.
still no shipping info!!!!!!!!!!'!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i'll add this - the app experience on android is **horrible**. it is the app that makes this product what it is, and we really need to see all the things promised in this kickstarter delivered soon. the current app has a 1 star rating in the play store. after this past evening, i can see why. app. app. app. and do not dare doing just a port of the ios app to android ;) i don't want a battery sucking, clunky crashy program (that's what most ios ports are on android). i hope you're writing a native one for the platform. feel free to port the android over to ios though! :d
yep. what @fridolin bach said.
bulbs are a dream, but now that cheap smartbulbs are popping out everywhere you really need to integrate ifttt and do more stuff software wise like multicolour experiences and stuff.. like soft changes of the color and everything to make a candle effect or so on. because the other big ones can do that.. now i think you focused enough on your marketshares and product placement, now its time that the users can play with it and do cool stuff to show to other potential customers ;)
i have been tracking my package for the last few weeks, why is it being shipped back to you now?
still nothing �
okay i hope it's dhl to bali, since local post office sucks.
i hope it's dhl, local post office sucks big time.
no shipping info and it said 12/06/2015?
any word on the new app? :)
hey guys, we have sent all of our international shipments to our manufacturer and they are working on processing shipments now. we were told that they did run into a hiccup and should have everything shipping in 2-3 days. they will be using either dhl or fedex and shipping times should be between 6-10 days.
any news on international shipments? beginning to feel like a second class citizen.
i got my 16 bulbs ... set up everything in new house... the bulbs are topnotch ... but the app experience which kills the joy of these bulbs. especially with android app the features work on lottery ...some times they work ...some times they dont... and suddenly goes into loop of finding the bulbs which are not even 1 feet away and need to completely reset them...  unless you give the right attention to the app ... this product is just like normal bulbs and does not justify the price and all the hardware you put in ... please make sure your app works like your bulbs ...
the new app seriously needs to come out soon. the inability for the existing app to not know the current on/off state of the bulbs is ridiculous, not to mention the connectivity issues and always having to retry changing the color of an entire group.
just came here to check for any updates for an updated app, and wow, stumped at seeing all these comments about people still waiting for shipping info! ilumi folks you should be ashamed. seeing the availability of bulbs at every single best buy in the area (and probably country over), it's extremely poor form that backers are still waiting for their shipping info. shows how much respect you have for folks backing your project. while the product is good- looking at your poor practices which are not entirely ethical - definitely not backing any projects by this team in the future.
still no shipping info this is quickly becoming very very annoying!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"prayen" for an updated app!
update on international shipping please?
got it, love it a lot!! it is so cool :3
still no notification of shipping. my last email said 11/30/2015
awaiting the shipping details
12/06/2015 and still no shipping info...
no shipping info and it said 12/06/2015
@creator, i also got no shipping info.
i have got no information on my shipment. please do check and inform soonest.
and what about the other prizes like my shirt, when will it be delivered? i did not received any info about the shipment and it was scheduled for tomorrow
let's hope it will arrive before christmas.
finally
hey everyone! international shipments should begin over the weekend.  we are shipping directly from our manufacturer, which will hopefully reduce ship times, and we are sending over all of the shipment information today!  we are in the final stages of the ce process and are good to ship!
hey, i'm in london and was given the estimated shipping date of 11/30/2015, haven't heard anything this week, is there any update on eu shipping? also, what about the app? the november deadline has been missed without any mention of it in any of the updates. thanks, toby
@hyeongsung cho  my shipping date to germany was originally also 11/30, but now is 12/06- just a quick orientation what yours may be as well. @ilumi what is the current status of the ce certification process?
when is the shipping date for international backers? the mail said 11/30 on the october, but nothing comes yet(at least i want the tracking number).
true. circadian rhythm feature is awesome, especially right now when i'm barely seeing any daylight anyway. after getting the four from kickstarter, went ahead and got two more from best buy as they were on sale - $35.99 a piece! (..still mad that all the best buys have them in stock though - makes you wonder how much earlier we could have had our reward if the team had only been ethical!). despite the flaws with the team and their decision making, still the bulbs are fantastic. hoping for a timed feature for auto shut off in the future (not experiences - more like turn off in 30mins or something that can be set up instantly) loving these new additions to my smart home!
after having the bulbs in my apartment for a good amount of time now, i can definitively say that my most used and favorite feature is circadian. when i get home from work, the lights progressively change color temperature and brightness to just the right amount, it gives a relaxing feeling. plus, i'm never blinded in the middle of the night if i get up, they're set to a dim brightness and a warm color that's easy on the eyes.
true @christopher ;)
42 is the secret to life, the universe, and everything.
thanks @ilumi hooray so stoked. digging them. house has gotten at least 42% more awesome because of em. that's a conservative estimate.
@ francis brennan - the amazon echo integration should come with the new app. @ diana j. brodie - the ilumi are rated at 95% humidity!  as long as they are not taking direct hits of water, they should be fine!
super quick question - i put 3 ilumis in my bathroom. a metal cuff protects the bottom silver part of the bulb but the rest is exposed. it's in no danger of being hit directly with water - it's on the other side from the shower. but there is a lot of steam. the fan is on but the room fills up especially on a cold day when running a hot shower. i love the bulbs in there but i'm worried about condensation. should i remove them (please say no cuz they look great there)?
@creator - just wondering if there were any updates on the amazon echo integration?
also, for anyone who does have a ticket in the support site, we are working as fast as we can to get to you!  we are just a little backed up from the holidays but we should get caught up in a day or two!
hello everyone! we're glad to see that most everyone is having a smooth experience so far!  for those of you who have had a few glitches along the way, please reach out to us at our support site, support@ilumi.co so that we can continue to troubleshoot and support you from there! @bryant rodriguez - the only real downside to using the wall switch is that any preset schedules or experiences will not run when the power to the bulb is off.  and of course, it can't be controlled through the app without power.  other than that, it shouldn't hurt anything at all to use the wall switch.  if you set a default, your ilumi will remember their default setting and come on to that color and all of your scenes or schedules will be retained in the ilumi's memory when you shut the power off at the wall switch. @ jeff yaksick - we have just been able to hire a new developer to help get our new app up and running.  we're working on getting it out before the end of 2015 and will keep everyone updated.  yes, we are planning an integration with amazon echo for voice control but not google voice search.  ilumi are not recommended for use with dimmer switches.
got mine in yesterday, they are really neat! my bedroom rocks now, lol
got my bulbs a couple of days ago. and i agree, the packaging is top-notch! setup is indeed quite simple and i got to enjoying the bulbs right away! my 5 month old son is completely mesmerized by the br30's disco experience in our living room lamp. :)
after weeks and weeks of waiting, disappointment and complaining, finally got my ilumi today. and boy was i excited to see the fedex tracking and find that it got delivered today instead of tomorrow! the bulbs were elegantly boxed. almost like an iphone packaging beauty. at the risk of sounding cliche, setup was a breeze. the app detected bulbs as soon as i turned them on. loving the music sync and have already had some dance session with the lights in sync. very excited to use the product, and all that it has to offer! love the bulbs. love the "experiences". love that i can use my phone to control the bulbs without needing another hub! overall a good purchase. (the whole kickstarter experience would have been perfect, only if it wasn't soured by the whole retailers-getting-bulbs-before-backers bit)
got my bulbs today! it was a long wait, but in the end- it's paid off. great product and it was extremely easy to set up and get started. the app is also quite straight forward (was up and running in less than 5 minutes). i am having a bit of trouble having it register my "shake-on" gesture sometimes, but other than that, it is working very well (the lights look fantastic as well in all of the color schemes i have tried). now to wait until tomorrow for the sunrise/wake-up mode and see how that all goes! looking forward to future updates as well as the new app and cross-platform integration with echo! thanks y'all. i know everyone (including myself) gave you a hard time for the lack of upfront-ness in the beginning and the delays... and i still think a lot of it is/was justified. however, you succeeded in delivering a quality product in the end, and you do definitely deserve a thumbs up for that. good work!
i've seen the weak signal as well.  really makes the disco party stuff pretty useless...  i have 16 of them through my house and i have to walk back and forth to get lights to change with the music and such, and as i step away they lock to one color...  it really makes it a pain to set vacation mode (something i did this past weekend when i went to a hotel) and have to keep wandering around the house for it to find all 16 to update the schedules on, or to undo when i came home and turned off vacation mode.  on the other hand, i do seem to get a couple more feet of range from my ipad mini than i do from my iphone 6s.  the mini seems to have less problems with a few bulbs being left on when i turn off a group as well..
@robert both of mine are pretty range limited as well...nowhere near 50 meters. i think my iphone 6 can connect to each as long as i'm within about 10 feet of the bulb.
hey ilumi team! i got my light bulbs and they are really spectacular! the family thinks they look great in the house. i haven't opened and installed all of the bulbs yet, but i found one of them is defective; it has a very weak bluetooth signal. i would see the bluetooth logo on my iphone flashing almost continuously, showing that it was trying to establish a connection with the light bulb, but to no avail. i installed it in the ceiling in my kitchen, and i was able to only once get a connection to the bulb by standing on the countertop and holding my iphone almost right up against the bulb. after that, it was still suffering connection issues. please let me know how i may go about getting a replacement as the bulb is currently sitting in its original box. thanks!
do the new ilumi bulbs work with wall dimmer switches?
when will the redesigned ilumi app be available for android? is there planned support to control ilumi via voice using amazon echo, or google voice search?
got my set last night.  thanks.  now i am waiting for the updated app and opportunity to purchase more.
got my two lights today.  so far i'm pretty impressed.  the only downside is that my house is now a mixture of ilium and brand (lif)x lights.
got all mine today, was able to setup them, as far as horror stories. it was easy peazy .nice packaging and probably buy some more.first backed project come out really nice
quick question: what exactly is the drawback to just using the switch itself to turn off the lights?
got all 16 of mine yesterday, got them installed, and went through the frustration of one of the other users with deleting and re-adding them, but at least i was finally able to do so.  i, too, am getting random "a bulb requires a firmware update" that errors out and then tells me later it wasn't needed anyway, but my real question is if there will ever be an improvement in torch, which doesn't work hardly at all with my iphone 6s, or an improvement in bulbs in groups turning on and off together.  sometimes my kitchen (two groups, "kitchen1" and "kitchen2") will turn on a couple, but not all.  same problem turning them off.  hallway has three bulbs, swiping on, sometimes three turn on, sometimes two.  it's never a consistent experience which ones turn on and off. and i have a 12 year old son that now has to break the habit of turning switches on and off.  i've got them all set to a "default" setting for when he does that, and they all turn on fine if he turns a switch off and back on, but the problem then is that it takes 10 or 12 on/off cycles from my phone or ipad to get them all on or off again.  it's as if anytime the switch is used accidentally, they just won't follow the app again until you've gone through 8 or more "off/on" cycles. every bulb worked though, didn't have any stuck on a color or anything, just the initial issue trying to move three bulbs from one group to another when i decided that 3 of the 9 bulbs in the kitchen should be br30's instead of a19's. oh, will there be any update to the app to "sniff" the bulbs to see their current state rather than assuming it's the last state?  if i use my ipad to turn bulbs off, the iphone still thinks they're on when i open ilumi on it, or vice versa.
says i should have received mine about a week ago but nothing so far. can i get some help please!
didn't get mine by thanksgiving but i got my 15 bulbs today and i set a few up. the boxing and bulbs themselves are so beautiful! the build quality is also really, really nice; i wasn't expecting the bulbs to be so heavy. got a few set up and working, but i can't wait to get the rest set up tomorrow! like diana, i'm also so looking forward to alexa/iftt integration and the new app! really pleased, ilumi! thanks!
@ terry - glad you received your tracking info!  if you put the number into google or directly into fedex's website, it should work! @ lawrence - we are so sorry you are having trouble.  i see that you already have an open ticket in our support desk.  we will continue to work with you there to try to get this resolved! @ diana - so glad you got yours in time for thanksgiving and that they are working great!
thanksgiving miracle - got mine day before thanksgiving. was able to give out a couple as presents at dinner. got all of mine installed and working except the one that i need my really talk friend for ;) everything's working great. can't wait for the app upgrade and alexa integration. worth the wait for sure. thanks @ilumi. hope everyone still waiting gets theirs soon.
got my four yesterday. unfortunately, this has been pretty much a total disaster. i could only ever pair three of them. and then they would disconnect intermittently and not respond at all to anything from the phone. so i tried to unpair them, carefully following directions on the web site. they all were "deleted" and now won't pair at all. the app also kept wanting me to update firmware, but when i tried, i kept getting errors...never worked. so, now i have four heavy paperweights. or four very expensive bulbs stuck on one color (three white, one green, the last color before it disconnected and was deleted.) this seems to be a total waist of my time and money, unfortunately.  that is as "respectful and considerate" i can be, considering that these things just don't work.
@ terry should be fedex home delivery. that's what they used for me at least.
finally got a tracking email, but the number can't be found in any of the major shipping sites. who are you shipping through?
got mine today. too much fun. wife rolling her eyes but kids are loving it.
thanks guys.
@ terry - your reward should have shipped with the 11/23 wave.  we will check with our warehouse and follow up with you!
still no tracking information. are these things actually going out as expected?
got my bulbs saturday they work great can't wait for the new app. haven't had any problems with the current version of the app.
got my shipping info, can't wait to test them out!
got mine today in netherlands... surprise that nothing charged as duty ... may be i will get that later ... very good product ... tried couple of them and working fine ... but the biggest problem i see is android app... can you please confirm when can we see a stable working app for android ? it worked and then suddenly stopped.... and then says not able to connect ... app is going to ruin your product... work on it please
@ john dean - hey john!  sameer is correct, if you google your tracking number or track it directly from fedex's website, it should pull up. @ arpita - please reach out to us at support@ilumi.co if you don't receive your tracking information by the end of the day! @ bryant - i'm not 100% positive but you may try calling your local fedex to see if they will let you pick it up!  you might be able to have it for thanksgiving that way. @ benjamin - please reach out to us at support@ilumi.co if you don't receive your tracking information by the end of the day! @ zach t - the ilumi smartbulbs are designed to be energy efficient but, just like having a tv plugged in, they will draw power with the power on but they are measured to only draw less than 1w of power while they are on.
@john dean: did you try using the tracking number in fedex instead of clicking on the link they gave in the email? that worked for me...
i was part of the 11/23 group who was moved from 11/15, and actually did get a tracking number, but today it still won't track.  we'll see if this is like some amazon shippers giving a tracking number days before they actually give the product to the shipper, so that they say "we shipped!" but it's still three days before the package actually gets in the hands of ups or someone...
11/23 has come and gone. i was in the wave to get their tracking numbers yesterday, but haven't heard anything. is it delayed some more, ilumi?
part of the 11/23 wave and just got my tracking number today! unfortunately, delivery is predicted to be 11/27, the day after thanksgiving, so i can't show off my lights to my guests, but that's just because fedex doesn't deliver on thankagiving. :( still only four days, though, so i'm really excited! :)
still have not received shipping info? date was said to be today ?
can't wait for the improved app!
i have already set up two of my 4 light bulbs and they work amazing! however i have a question. i love the waking up function to these and was wondering how much electricity it costs to keep the light switch on but the lights off throughout the day? will it waste a lot of energy if i use my phone to always power the lights rather then the light switch?
got mine while i was out on a cruise. they all work, thanks
thanks for the update, and have a good thanksgiving.
hey everyone! thanks so much for all of your comments and feedback. in regards to going live in best buy, we understand that you are upset that we did not meet our intial projected kickstarter ship date for september, and we absolutely believe that you have a right to be. in our last periscope session, when we discussed getting into home depot canada, we briefly mentioned about how we're working to extend into other retail locations. getting ilumi into retail is a huge win for us and a lot of work over the past year and a half has gone into trying to get us into other retailers. while we have this good momentum, we hope that you'll see us entering more and more retail locations through 2016. the good news is the next wave of rewards is shipping today!  we gave our warehouse all of the shipments thursday morning so we're expecting all of them to go out by the end of the day.  with this wave of rewards shipped, we are about 98% finished with shipping to all of our us backers!  international backers, we are going to be gearing up for your shipments right after the thanksgiving holiday! for the few backers who have still not submitted a survey, please try to submit by the end of the week!  we want to ship your rewards out with our international backers.  if you still have not received a survey, please send us an email at support@ilumi.co. please feel free to reach out to us to share your feedback and concerns. we hope you'll keep the conversation going with us. we're also working this thanksgiving holiday to wrap up a special thank you project for our backers, to send our love and appreciation for sticking with us through the good times and not so good times. thanks again and we wish everyone a fun and safe turkey day! cheers
mine too dustin, moved to today from the 15th.  but you'll see their emails say "estimated."  that way when we find out this month they've been shipping them to fill stock at kohl's or target now ahead of all the kickstarter backers, so that even more people can get them before we ever do, that's ok since they were just "estimated" shipping dates...
my bulbs were supposed to ship today...still no word on that.
@robert ...ok
@david, did you notice that they didn't show a single working lightbulb in that video? they are always covered/from offscreen. even their part breakdown only shows housing, no electronics. if you ask me, it's a bit sketch.
jordan: actually epic pvp kickstarter?  they shipped 1 day shipping for a much heavier product.  and didn't charge me an extra shipping fee unlike ilumi.  and they told me when they were having production problems and still met their original ship date.   ilumi told me they shipped (tuesday at 12:14 pm (fedex accepted delivery at 12:09 am wendesday)), then later (9:21 pm (usps accepted delivery at 7:21pm)) fun to 11 told me they shipped.  epic pvp arrived the next day (wednesday).  epic pvp used usps, where as ilumi used fedex smart post (delivered by usps).   epic pvp also told me after it was at the delivery location while ilumi said something before it even left its location "ilumi order ksxxxx has shipped".   hell, i think exploding kittens had faster shipping as well. so no, i can expect two day shipping from a kickstarter.  especially from an established company like ilumi.
finally got mine in socal, its a good product but a shame how this company underhanded its backers. i hate to say this, but i would rather this happen to us than have to deal with scam campaigns that never deliver an actual product like so many have done so.
i am with @arpita fyi this looks superior than ilumi bluetooth+wifi meshed network (no hub), i am not backing though my money already well spent on ilumi https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/world-s-most-affordable-wi-fi-smart-bulb/
@diana: first off, backers are not investors. traditionally investors stand to gain with increase in share price if the company does well. on kickstarter there is no such gain for backers. backers just help provide capital for an idea in the hope that they will get the first dibs on the product and perhaps a discount/special. so the fact that as backers we are not getting first dibs (..or even second for that matter!) on the completed product makes us feel cheated and angry. as for you example for interviewing for a job.. it's understandable but at the point where you have signed the contract letter with google but have not physically started working it is only honest to tell people involved that you have the job. so it's okay to not tell backers about the deals while you are talking to retailers about it, you have to be upfront and let backers know once the deal is made ..before the product hits the stores! in ilumi's case as we all know we did not hear about this until a backer saw the product on the shelves and raised questions. this is upright dishonest! at this point i am utterly disappointed with the illumi team. i'm still in the 11/23 wave and am hoping that they don't strike another deal before that and push that date even further. we'll see.
mine got delivered today (california, usa). works as advertised, love it! paired with my nexus 5x easily. #1484 // a19 bulb
@diana  i think you would know that your product would be on store shelves at least a few days before it happens. we should be happy they are at retailers, but do you know who should be have been the happiest?  ilumi. and if ilumi isn't happy enough to tell it's backers they are on store shelves then that should tell you something. ilumi did not celebrate with it's  backers that they were in retailers, instead they neglected to say anything at all. they kept us in the dark for as long as possible. they tried to spin it positively, but they should have gotten in front of it instead of catching up. but i digress, what's done is done. backers #423 - received 18 bulbs yesterday and so far i am pleased. hopefully the new app, now "coming this winter", will resolve some minor glitches i have experienced so far.
folks remember that we are backers aka investors. we should be stoked they are in more stores. they coulda told us about the irons they had in the fire, sure. but you never know when or if a pending deal will pan out. analogous example - it can take years of interviewing to get a job at google. years. plural. meantime you need to work. do you tell every potential employer that you're 2 years into a 5 year interview process with google? you may never even get that job at google after all that time. this is a great product. we want it to succeed so our investment as backers lasts even longer than our ilumi bulbs will. i'm confused by the hate. such a minor delay. i understand the disappointment at the delay for sure. i was disappointed they didn't arrive as estimated. but the hate? still puzzling. can't wait to get my ilumi bulbs. even more excited for eventual alexa (amazon echo) integration and the new app.
i still have no tracking number.... glocalme which i supported came as promised.
reading this. zano shut down after 3 million funding. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/torquing/zano-autonomous-intelligent-swarming-nano-drone/comments i am very glad that ilumi has deals with bestbuy and homedepot. it will liver longer instead of disappearing a few months later like many other failed projects.
its been said many times before, this was a kickstarter campaign but ilumi just used it as a marketing campaign instead. they obviously didn't need the backers to get the product on the shelves so the backers simply weren't the priority. what's even more frustrating is that they even used backers to help spread the word via the social media contest and still gave the backers essentially no deal in price or reward in being first to receive the bulbs. i still haven't received anything, bulbs or tracking numbers. is it the end of the world, no, but i definitely feel they owe us something.
fyi. i received my shipping confirmation yesterday. left dallas last night. shipping to  ca is going to take four days.  yes diappointed in their communication. doubt i will buy any more bulbs. will put these in the downstairs and order lifix or philips as more recognizable and may be in business longer.
it's not the price of the shipping, it's the fact that i can literally get the bulbs right now for just a few dollars more than the kickstarter price, and yet they feel it's okay to continuously screw us over by delaying over and over again.
come on guys, we can be upset about how poorly they handled their backers in favor of retailers, but you can't expect free 2 day shipping or anything close to that with any kickstarter.  every single one that i've backed so far has been standard shipping.
@corey: i sent an email to support@ilumi.co requesting a cancellation and refund of my order due to ship november 23rd and was told that it's too late to prevent the package from leaving the warehouse in 5 days. futhermore, i was instructed to wait until after receiving my pledge to see if "something could be worked out", which is extremely vague. does that mean that i may not be able to get a refund?
best buy is free two day shipping.
the shipping was only $5, wasn't it? i can't argue about that...
wow, even after my light bulbs have been finally shipped and i have a tracking number, you found another way to disappoint: it takes a week to ship eight light bulbs from texas to california? i can understand this if they were edison lightbulbs during edison's own time, but led lights in 2015? during this time, bustbuy would have shipped to me the same ilumi lightbulbs already two to three times; for the same money i paid with my "kickstarter special" price. this is the worst campaign i have ever been on.
i got my tracking number earlier today!
wow my bulb finally shipped after receiving 4 false ship dates.
sorry, corey, i find it hard to believe you "share that frustration."  first nobody mentions anything about the home depot deal until after one of the kickstarters brings it up.  and i don't recall, in all the "opening up the floodgates of truth about that," hearing anything about having done the same with best buy all over the us.  it seems every time we turn around, there's a new delay in shipping our product, and wow, what a coincidence, look, a new retail outlet that's chock full of all these things that can't be shipped to the backers...
just got my tracking number. :)
hey ilumi nation - thanks for the comments and feedback. totally understand where you're coming from and your frustration with shipping and availability. we certainly share that frustration as it hasn't been the smoothest of sailing in standing up production for our 2nd generation smartbulbs. all that we can say is that we'll do whatever we can to earn back your faith and trust as best we can through our actions. in the meantime, please do reach out directly if you have a specific questions or requests to support@ilumi.co. we'll do all we can to help! regards, corey
eta on the app update? the campaign said november 2015
i'll say i'll be happy and review the bulbs honestly to my clients when they ask once i receive them.  but i'd prefer a little transparency about the delays.  if we had been told stores would get them first we might have been more understanding.
which means the $41 i spent for each bulb is only a $4 savings for a lot of anger and ill will generated. your backers shouldered your production burden for your retail partners.  you then made promises you couldn't  keep to your backers.  if this is how mark cuban made his money i'd be surprised. and again, no transparency on shipping to retail before backers.  again.  you think you might have learned from the first time you did this.  if you had been honest you might have saved what good will people had left. like you said, word of mouth was very important.  at this point, can you expect most of your backers to be happy about this and say nice things, or do you think you will be getting some negative reviews based on the fact that people will be predisposed to have bad feelings when seeing your name associated with products?
available in my 12 local stores.  and free shipping.  if i didn't want to pick it up.  $15 off. http://www.bestbuy.com/site/ilumi-a19-led-smartbulb-arctic-white/4571516.p… http://www.bestbuy.com/site/olstemplatemapper.jsp…
... no ship update after getting pushed back from 11/03 to 11/13.  now to see that they are in us stores after seeing a cutesy message about shipping department having their morning coffee... yeah.  slightly saddened at seeing the company ethics at this point.   11/16 and no notice at all...
@aron exactly! giving the discount best buy is already giving, plus free 2 day shipping, we're not saving much purchasing them through kickstarter. they owe us big time.
i thought the home depot canada deal was tolerable as long as backer deliveries weren't delays. now we hear they are at best buys all over the place?? just completely messed up. stay off kickstarter next time if the backers are meaningless to getting the product in mass production. easy for me to say but i think if they can afford to be in best buy all over the place they can afford to give every backer a free bulb.
leaving 1 star reviews on all of your product sites at this point. i can literally get them at the 8 different best buys around me right now if i wanted them, and yet you still can't manage to ship the ones i ordered here. nice business practices. don't expect much from this company anymore. doubt they will even support future updates.
wow, delayed yet again another week...... was supposed to ship out by yesterday, however the 5 best buys within 1 hr of me all have them in stock and i can pick it up today. i even have the option to order it and get it by the 19th on my front door. but ive been delayed again to the 23rd before they will even ship it......
@ilumi, as bulbs for backers keep getting delayed in favor of stocking retail, i for one, feel like we should be able to claim our rewards from best buy or home depot and get a refund on shipping.  each delay feels like a slap in the face to every backer who helped you get where you are and getting our rewards out should be your top priority.
i hate how bitter i feel when i scroll past ilumi on kickstarter. i am happy to never give another dime to corey, swapnil, and the ilumi team.
there are too many companies on kickstarter who already have the means to get a product out onto the market but lie and cheat to boost their kitties!
so by the sound of it there are literally 10's of thousands of non backers who already have this product. huh? and the people who supported them in the beginning are deliberately kept in the dark. just think about how much stock that is to supply all those stores. a huge amount! i wouldn't be surprised if ilumi has already recouped its production and development costs (kickstarter backers $) and started making profits! and no word to us. imagine if they said in the beginning that we will be supplying multiple stores around the us before any backers get theirs. i guarantee they wouldn't have gotten the numbers they did.  how can some people think that is okay? i want new start ups to be successful as a backer of 25+ projects, but to be shown no gratitude for helping them has left me with a sour taste in my mouth. i'm glad that there are honest people still on kickstarter. will be all negative publicity from me from now on.
the 10 best buy stores in my availability radius (southern lower michigan) every single store has them all in stock.
many people annoyed that your products are in home depot before backers got their rewards.  could be worse you could be an international backer at the bottom of the list and not have a home depot where you can buy them as well!!
and we are still waiting on an updated app for the v2 bulbs.
and in us best buy, are on sale now $15 off for each kind of bulb. and now the final insult to injury - i just did a search of stock of the new v2 ilumi bulbs, and of the 10 stores in my availability radius, every single store has them all in stock. bad enough we had to sit behind home depot for these months, apparently they've been shipping a crapton of them to best buys all over the friggin us. if the 10 stores in friggin wisconsin can have this much stock, how many best buy stores in the us got stock before we did? i love to see them be successful, but am disgusted at the fact that we, who backed them, are at the bottom of their list, and treated like crap.
i’ve had no responses from the support request done from within the app... the original bulb's most recent update randomly dims the light... pls fix this!
thanks @martin
just asked about our 11/13 shipping. they are currently working on everything getting shipped and we should be receiving a tracking number tomorrow.
ifttt integration is the only thing i want out of a v3 app, haha.
what about ifttt integration?
this is my frustration with ilumi, i understand that things happen and j understand that but the complete lack of communication is frustrating if we got a reason for the delay from 11/3 to 11/13 i wouldn't be as frustrated. and the fact that is has been over 24 hours and we go were supposed to have the bulbs ship on 11/13 have heard nothing. they told me morning coffee was in the way but i'm sure it's something else that will just delay their backers (who allowed them to make the bulb in the first place, the people who had faith in their product before home depot and bestbuy) further. i emailed ilumi support and haven't heard anything
same issue. original ship date: 11/3. pushed-back ship date: 11/13. then nothing. no shipment, no updates. just silence.
@ilumi are there plans for a e14 socket bulb in the future?
also available on best buy's website: http://www.bestbuy.com/site/ilumi-a19-led-smartbulb-arctic-white/4571516.p… http://www.bestbuy.com/site/ilumi-br30-led-smartbulb-arctic-white/4571800.p… bit annoying, but agree i'd probably rather have the company survive/do well and be able to maintain their app, add more integrations (smartthings please) and sell me more bulbs in the future
hmm. good luck getting your stock 11/13 guys. clearly in another store without telling us. again!
@terry https://goo.gl/photos/wk3h3l4zf77wt1457 available in nj at bestbuy.
i have not received any notifications regarding to my shipping notice today 11/13 which was my push back date from 11/3.  i hope your team is working on sending notification with the tracking number. but, not to say a new shipping date.
hey @creator did not get my shipping notice today 11/13 which was my push back date from 11/3  :( any chance i get these by thanksgiving?
there's not a company out there that tells everyone everything. companies make changes to what they say all the time. the only difference is here -- you know about it. doesn't change the product. and ilumi still makes great products. and i'm sure they have a very valid reason for selling through retail before we get the product. i'm betting it was from a financial stand point. that's not something we need to know about nor should we. although we all pledged to support and develop a product for their company, we do not own shares in their company. we are part of the process of development, but not part of the decisions that affect the overall company (which may also affect the products themselves).
it's not the store thing that is wrong. it's them lying to us about it from the start. and if it's true that they are in best buy, that means they've lied twice before giving us our bulbs. why bother with a company like this if they can't bother to tell us everything?
as supporters of ilumi, we shouldn't mind seeing the bulbs in stores even if it's before we get ours. we have more vested interest in the ilumi company than someone just buying the bulbs off store shelves. we pledged and waited. seeing the process one step at a time. even if this is the last time some of us have any participate in this process, it's in our best interest for ilumi the company to do well. and they are a business. businesses are in business to make money. i for one want to see ilumi do well and come out with many more new products in the future.
@ david a. donsky. was it the gen 1 or 2 bulb, and was this in canada?
side note: it's good to have them in stores before black friday i suppose.  i do want to see this company do well. the more people who get them (more mainstream) typically the more likely they will be supported by more devices and other companies products.
my pledge says that i'd be getting my reward in september. it's now november and they have them in stores? this is b.......t!!!!
@david a really these are selling in shops? this is ridiculous! so they are making money hand over fist before backers even get their rewards? that's it! i'm done with these guys! nothing but bad press from me. so ilumi, when are we getting our rewards?
seriously saw the ilumi bulbs for sale at bestbuy on the shelves. granted we get a discount but i can buy them in store before receiving them as a backer on kickstarter.com.  i backed the first generation and have proudly spread the word. just not sure how i feel about retail purchases being available before people who had faith enough to back your company with money get thiers.
hi still waiting on the tracking number and confirmation for the 11/13 wave. will it be shipping today or we getting pushed back...again? thank you!
@ nicholas - our warehouse team must have been finishing up their morning coffee :)  they are working to ship several hundred rewards as part of the next wave.   you will receive an email notification with tracking information when it has shipped!
i did receive that update saying it would be shipped on the 13th (aka today) and i have yet to get any other information
@ cody teague - thanks for the great video!  we enjoyed seeing our bulbs from a user's perspective!  as of right now, we don't have plans to incorporate a feature like this but i will suggest it to the developers.  we will have an "all on/all off" feature but as of right now, there's not a way to adjust color of all of your groups at once. @ randy and nicholas - we sent out updated shipping dates about a week and a half ago.  if you did not receive them, please reach out to us at support@ilumi.co so that we can look your information up!
still no tracking info. come on ilumi...
so today is the 13 and i've still not received my bulbs or an email with shipping info ... hello??
the lamp that i used was one that was meant to clamp on the edge of a desk and it has a large enough opening for the bulb. this is similar to what i have: http://goo.gl/v7evuo i actually got luck, there's about 1/8th of an inch all around the bulb at the opening, so it just barely fits.
@cody great review of the bulbs. i appreciate the time you took to make that video. im curious, what type of fixture do you use behind your tv? i didnt get any of the flood style bulbs, but id like to set something up behind my tv.
ignore the bad grammar in my previous post.
@ilumi is there a way to have a bulb added to multiple groups? for instance, i have my tv light separate from the living room lamps but sometimes i want to adjust the color of all of them at once. aside from using a scene, is this possible it will be possible in the future?
@ a fathman - we are working really hard on the development of the app!  it's unlikely that we will have it finished and ready for release by november but we have recently brought on new developers to help us get the app ready and will keep everyone updated! the good news is, all of our ilumi smarbulbs, including the gen 2 bulbs will work with our current app.
@ilumi, when is the v3.0 version of the app supposed to be released?
http://www.castbygenii.com/…
@cody thank you, great review.
the video is up: https://youtu.be/p694crto-so
great cody, thanks!
the review video is taking quite a while to upload. i'm only getting 1.5mbps upload speed, it's at 75% and i started it at 3am. it should be uploaded some time today. i'll also do an update when the new app version is released.
@ cody teague - thanks for the videos, they look great! @ abdullah siddiqui - if you are still having trouble connecting please send us a support ticket from within your app so we can figure out what is going on!  go to support>contact us>email and it will create a ticket for you in our support desk. @david batu and aviv shapir - for us/canada we are certified for 120v/60 hz.  for europe/international we will be certified for 230v/50hz.  originally we thought we would be certified for 240v but we are only going to receive certification for 230v from ce.
@creator, same question as david batu
@ilumi from your faq you stated and i quote "every ilumi has a universal power supply from 100-240v 50/60hz." but in the unboxing video below there's a paper telling that ilumi (http://imgur.com/6obzjnm) intended to use with a power supply 120v and 60 hz, does that mean my 220v house will not be able to use? care to explain? thanks
@cody teague, thank you for the videos, really appriciated
just an update on the full review/demo, i may not have the video up until later tonight or tomorrow night. (est)
@abdullah: i experienced this same issue several times last night (both android and ios) while demonstrating the bulbs. i found that i needed to sign out of my account and then sign back in to regain control over the bulbs. sometimes just toggling the power switch for the light will help too.
having issues with connecting to bluetooth or recognizing the an ilumi is connected. it wont show up at all. also one of them after connecting is first, the second time it shows the ilumi in group but i'm unable to change the colour as the colour palette never pops up, as it did the first time it was connected so not sure whats going on with these .
here's a little teaser from my full demo (this is the br30): https://youtu.be/dk3xlfpv8xo i should have the video up tomorrow afternoon. it'll dive into the features of the app and controlling the lights.
thanks @cody. that's was great.
thanks for the video cody! so nice to see the bulbs in the flesh. it was really good, particularly considering it's your first video :) looking forward to that demonstration vid!
here's the link to the unboxing video: https://www.youtube.com/watch… sorry it's not full hd, i actually recorded it in 4k but my editing software will only output 720p unless i get the pro version.
@david batu: video incoming, it is uploading to youtube now. should be done in about an hour. i'll post the link when it's done. i just did an unboxing and a brief feature explanation, i'll do a demo video tonight. also, go easy on me, it's my first unboxing video.
at least you people got an email saying your shipping was delayed.  my 11/3 "shipment" hasn't even done that much.  3 days later, no email, no tracking. sad. tried out some series 1 bulbs, there is no setting to give the smooth transition show in the video for music.  the setting for almost every music one are jerky and flash bright on changes.
the updated delay notice wasn't what i wanted to see but i sure hope that the product on the canuck shelves is flying off.  because if it's just sitting there not generating revenue for the company it's not serving a good purpose.
i'm at the point where i'm thinking of selling my ilumi bulbs if they ever get here, and going with philips hue. at least their product is available.
just makes me think they sent out a few shipments to people to shut everyone up for a few weeks.  now we're back to the same delays with no updates on why. sure, they don't have to tell us but obviously it's upsetting people. you'd think they would want to keep us in the loop so the comments aren't filled with such negativity, but they don't. they knew we were going to get emails about the delay, but chose not to update us beforehand. why? at this point it seems like they are avoiding us....maybe i'd do the same.
@greg we understand.  i have one i funded in 2012 that's more than 2 years behind.  but we're patient and encouraging there since the product wasn't sitting on shelves at a store before we got it.  i'm glad that ilumi is in hd and that they may stick around longer having a retail point like that to sell product, but it still doesn't excuse the backers still being delayed when they've had product since the summer.
hi, i just want to know, when the new app ilumi could ne download on the appstore ?
@greg jury: how many of those projects were in retail before delivering to the backers?
hi to everyone that already received ilumi, could you please create a video of open box or setting up ilumi for us the delay users here. mine is pushed to 6 december :(
while i also received an email from team ilumi delaying my delivery date, which was disappointing. especially when i am so looking forward to getting my bulbs. i still have to say thanks to team ilumi as they have ran one of the best campaigns i have backed. they have provided frequent updates and have been honest about delays as they build their company. i have backed over 40 projects on kickstarter and can tell you very few hit est. delivery dates. heck i have been a part of three that appear to be dead where the creator ran off with the backers money. no updates in over 6 months on these. you must understand kickstarter has its risks, but their are some true startups like team ilumi that are building a business. so far from my experience they are doing a fantastic job! looking forward to getting my bulbs and the new app. great job so far team ilumi.
@david barnes yeah, mine didn't include my contest winnings either. i'm going to email them just to make sure.
sigh, november 30 pushed back to december 6 :'(
anyone elses email not include their ilumi online contest winnings? (bulbs, tshirts etc)
yup. pushed back to the 13th. i hope they arrive before thanksgiving eve as i had hoped to have them for a soirée.
shipment date of 11/13 now changed to 11/23. no solid reason. wtf ilumi.. what an unreliable team! it's pretty bad that they keep delaying orders despite having an inventory enough to be able to ship to some backers and retailers. disappointed yet again.
11/3 shipment delayed until 11/13 not sure why they couldn't let us know before today, but i'm done expecting much from ilumi.
yep, same message, yet another delay.  maybe home depot had an emergency order they needed filled. ;)
got the same message as others. 11/3.  now 11/13... seriously wtf!
don't get your hopes up friends. my 11/3 ship date just got pushed out to 11/13. i really wish i wasn't so excited to get these bulbs, then maybe i wouldn't keep getting disappointed...
my ilumi were supposed to ship yesterday but no notice came with tracking number. should i start totally freaking out or just calmly wait to see if they ship later this week?* *tries hard not to totally freak out.
finally i got them installed and was able to try my new ilumi! packaging is awesome and the bulbs look great! it's fun to play around with them and i am looking forward to the new app!
my ship date was said to be today. i haven't received tracking number details. is there any deal in the process?
same here nicolas. i'm hoping it's still delivered today/this week. :)
my ship date was said to be today and i haven't received tracking number info... should i be worried?
bulbs were just delivered to my house today! i won't be able to play around with them until i get out of work.
@ fridolin bach - the ifttt integration should be ready with the 3.0 version of the app. @ john - we hope to have the new app ready soon! @ peter - we are maybe slightly behind on the new app but still very close to on schedule.  we will post an update with more info as soon as we know more! @ vj k - the nest integration will be added as an update to the new app @ jay carnes - the new app will have a section dedicated to white light! @ robert - we hope you love them!
just received my smartbulbs today! great packing in the box and the actual packaging of the smartbulbs looks fantastic. can't wait to get home and screw them in! my original ilumi smartbulb is going to be so jealous of the updated technology inside, but i'm looking forward to giving more life to light! ;)
received mine as well. great packaging.. mixed reception from the family members. the quality of the white light seems a bit harsh. trying to tweak it down to match our other   leds by adding a little yellow. looking forward to an updated app :)
can you please explain the nest compatibility as mentioned in campaign ?  will it work already ?
hopefully the new app is still on track for a november release? would be nice for it to be ready when ii receive my bulbs!
bulbs arrived - the new packaging is nice.  the app still sucks - shame really, the new hardware looks great.
when is the ifttt channel gonna be ready!?
@ anne - thanks for the note! @ doug - can you reach out to us at support@ilumi.co?
hi. i received an email from kickstarter saying that the project was funded, and expected delivery in sept 2015. can you let me know when to expect the delivery? many thanks doug butler
just a quick note about shipping.  my shipping number doesn't work from the email, but it does work directly on the fedex page.
i was part of the 10/23 wave but still haven't received my tracking code. when should i be expecting it?
@ jay carnes - for our us backers it will ship fedex
just received my tracking number too... fingers crossed it gets here by saturday.  illumi.. who are you using as your shipper?
@ cody teague - hey cody!  looks like our warehouse is working on getting out the last couple of shipments for our 10/23 wave.  your tracking number should work by tomorrow!
just received my tracking number. no details, so i'm assuming it's just a notification that the label was printed.
@ james goodwin - the best way to reach us is at support@ilumi.co! @ james lewis - i believe we did receive a support ticket from you and have responded :) @ james lentsch - good advice!  support@ilumi.co is the best way to reach us! @ blake foster - you should receive your shipping notification today or tomorrow, email us at support@ilumi.co if you don't have it by the end of the day tomorrow! @ david batu - our developers are pretty focused on our new app right now so the sdk probably won't be released until after the new app is finished and ready for the public. @ david a. donsky - as of right now, we aren't looking at this feature but it is something we might consider in the future. we have a lot of tickets come in from backers who haven't received their shipping update or did not fill out the survey.  we are working as fast as we can to get to everyone so if you haven't heard from us yet, don't worry.  we will get to everyone as quickly as we can!!
i recommended a feature when i ordered the first generation of ilumi bulbs. i would like to be able to choose the microphone on my phone as the input while using the music feature. this would make it so music being played from any other device or source could i.e. live dj's at events and the like would make the bulbs change colors. is there any chance this might be added in the future?
@creator, when do you plan to release public api?
date was 10/23... still waiting on them, hoping they are coming this week!
@james goodwin. have you sent an email to them at support@ilumi.co? they have been fantastic getting back to me and answering any questions.
@james lewis. are you sending your email to supoort@ilumi.co? make sure that it is .co and not .com. .
i haven't received a survey and my email to your support address bounced as undeliverable. please let me know how to get my a19 bulb.
i wish to report for the second time that i am not in receipt of a survey and am hopeful i can receive a response addressing this matter.
i was backer #423 with 18 bulbs. my estimated ship date is 11/03.
how come other backers getting the dates without ce certification iliumi?  i saw some one from uk got the mail ?
hello vj -  when we went to check your survey information, it had only partially been submitted.  we converted your partial survey submission to complete, which is why you received an old survey completion message.  i'm so sorry for any confusion.  we are still working on the ce certification and will keep you updated. we will also respond to your private message.
hi illumi , are you joking? i get this mail 2 days back ... really serious with this madness ? hi vj k, thank you for taking time to complete the kickstarter survey. we have received your survey response and will begin preparing your shipment. currently, we are on schedule to ship orders mid-to-late september. once your order ships, you will receive a confirmation email with tracking information. ......  are you serious with september guys .. this is goddamn october and ending soon... be serious and professional ...  as other backers mentioned with dates and all ... all i get is this joke ... you are testing my nerves... i backed for almost the entire house of lights ... and what i get is this treatment ... ?  can you pls respond to my pm in ks please ...
i'm #2503 on 11/15 which is where someone who was #249 sits as well for delivery, so they must be using some other way to figure out the order to ship them.
thanks peter.
@nelson yes. as i said in my last comment, mine is 11/30. i'm in the uk :)
@a fathman. i'm hoping these are estimated ship dates and they actually ship earlier. my date is 11/15 too and i'm backer #2266. if they are going by backer numbers and we are this far apart with the same ship date, i feel like they ran out of the little inventory left before they got to you. which is quite sad.
any international backer received the email?
ship date 10/23, google inbox didn't prioritize the email so i never saw it. i'm backer number 70 (2xa19, 1xbr30). thanks ilumi for the update, definitely excited to get my bulbs.
at least they should give the backers a free t-shirt for all this wait,
@jaycee i was backer 249 at 11/15. i'd hate to be backer 2800
hello everyone! we are sorry that our shipping updates took us longer to send out than we expected but we did send out emails last night.  please reach out to us at support@ilumi.co if you did not receive an email or if any of your information is incorrect! we are already receiving a lot of requests for the bayonet fittings and will be working through those changes as quickly as we can!
i am backer #126 or something close to that and my ship date is 10/23 so i assume they are being shipped in order of backer number, which makes sense.
11/15. no bulbs for halloween then. boo.
11/30 for me as well, but i've been expecting that since corey said international backers would be last. the good news is that it looks like bayonets are going to be available! i've emailed to see if i can get some screw fittings and some bayonets. good work team ilumi :)
tall not talk. stupid autocorrect
11/3 for me. better contact my talk friend to help me get some of these in.
11/3!!! perfect timing. i get to set up my new apartment right away with ilumi.
11/3 for me. i'm really excited to get these things!
my ship date is also 11/15 for a $500 order.  i'm wondering if they're shipping in the order that people signed up, so first backers in conus are getting at the front of the list?  would seem to make the most sense.  glad i'm not 11/30 like david, though... ilumi, how will these ship?  ups?  fed ex?  usps?  any eta on the updated app for next month?
well the best communication in my kickstarter pledge i think is remix mini, they don't put us as consumer but more like "partner" to work together enhance the product by feedback, development, etc. and if you want to know, it got delayed but most everyone is calm including me why? well you damn know why.
welp, so much for my halloween plans. 11/15 for me. @ilumi, any chance to speed my order up? #inmywildestdreams
well mine says: we're excited to inform you that the estimated ship date for your ilumi smartbulbs kickstarter reward is: 11/30/2015 halloween is passed hopefully by december arrives, i kinda grows a little love to you ilumi, thanks!
we're excited to inform you that the estimated ship date for your ilumi smartbulbs kickstarter reward is:   10/10/2015 does that mean they shipped, or is this a typo?
yay! november! there goes halloween plans!
it seems as though they're finally beginning to ship product to backers. i just got my shipping info so hopefully the majority of us will receive them just in time for halloween.
@brady hanold eh. while i'm sure many would appreciate the gesture, a 10% discount might not sway many people on the purchase of a $50-60 bulb. perhaps a 25% discount or a free bulb if you purchased a certain large amount of bulbs. honestly, though some form of "remediation" would be cool, i just want my bulbs this month or early next month. i've been looking forward to them for so long. :(((
i'm sure ilumi has been working hard to get these to us. delays in manufacturing are almost unavoidable. like many other backers i have been waiting patiently but i am also somewhat disappointed by the delays. it would be nice to see ilumi come out and say that they will be offering an incentive for our patience. a coupon for 10% off the next lightbulb purchase would be a fair compensation in my opinion. it would not be hard to recoup the cost of doing this by offering an upgrade in the new app and it would also help retain backers and their loyalty to the ilumi brand.
@john i just think they two are exclusive. the paranoia is what creates the madness. they thought they could fill all the inventory at first so why mention it, as more problems occurred things started to affect each other and they responded.  does the guy who is trying to kickstart something at home tell you his mom is currently in the hospital which eventually leads to delays because his mom takes a turn for the worse? should that be necessary when he thought she was fine? i do not consider it an investment either, since that would entail future wealth. i would say however the more recent updates come off as a bit "tomorrow, oh wait tomorrow, maybe not, tomorrow then"
i'm looking for a refund, how would i go about doing so?
@charles jolman i've been backing ilumi since november of 2012 - https://www.youtube.com/watch…. - and it's been an interesting ride.  . it's interesting to me that you think *not* mentioning retail obligations that would delay the rewards is "ok" - so yes, i do believe that they have crossed the line.  if i where a paranoid person, i'd wonder if they needed the $400k raised on the kickstarter campaign to cover the startup costs of retail production run. . i love the product, but i dislike the level of honesty and transparency the company provides it's supporters.  and no, i do not consider this an "investment".
@jesper hahaahah so funny! and yet so true!
a co-worker once told me the following tip. if you go out with friends and plan to be home at 2 am. then tell your wife you will be home at 5 am. if you say you will be home at 2 am and it accidentially becomes 3. am. then she will be mad. if you say you will be home at 5 am and come home at 3 am. then se will say, "are you already home?" and go back to sleep. take a lesson ilumi. if you make a deadline, be sure you can deliver. many people are already pissed and breaking your deadlines doesn't help.
and then ilumi fell off the face of the planet.
seriously! it's sunday. why has nobody updated us?
what kind of company lets the guy in charge of shipping  travel when  you are months behind in shipping
i recently got my hands on a samsung smartthings set (i'm product testing it) so i was wondering if there are any plans to make ilumi compatible with this? not sure how it would work with them using bluetooth rather than zigbee or z-wave, but i believe it might be possible to work with samsung on this as their hubs have bluetooth built in, but it's not yet activated. something to think about. if not, i guess i'll be able to integrate them using ifttt.
i hope they are working on the ios 26.1 iphone 15 compatibility in time for light bulb delivery!
hi rizvan and david, i am in the same boat with more money from netherlands. ce certification is still not finalised ... hope they make it happen in december ...
if the shipping plan is delayed yet another week, there goes any hopes of halloween.
i'm kind of in the same situation like david jonsson, except i'm from romania. i'd also like to know if i'll receive my bulbs before christmas.
i live in sweden. i pledged for 500 dollars. will i get the bulbs before christmas?
@vj k this is the second gen though. i would think it's obvious that they are dealing with retail along side this.  i'm sure everyone understands the rules but not the spirit.
hey guys!  we know you are all waiting on that expected shipping date email!  corey is working on getting it finalized.  he's been traveling and wasn't able to complete it like he expected.  it should be out by the end of the week!
arguably, the retailer obligation should've been listed under the risks and challenges section of the campaign page. will wait i guess -- @ilumi -- i'm trusting you that this will kick my philips hue bulbs to the curb. i do hope everything will be as you promise.
hi charles ... i think you need to understand the hate from the fact that they never even mentioned before hand about their obligations with retailer ... and remember that you are not the only one who understand the ks rules... i am a avid backer for many projects and i never complain about delays ... i am even backed some projects where the delay is like more than year.  my only problem is why you take all the money without full story .. basic ethic problem...  and as for as the hate goes with delays ...lot of the backers are only complianing about the deals this company made ... that is understandable. it is nothing against ilumi as a innovative product ...   and betting on deliveries in ks ... ya hell i did . because they already delivered a product in time and any one will thought that what they are talking about ... but later i see that they have serious planning and execution problems ... this is not against the innovation they made or product ... it is about the people... please do not read the comments if you can wait.  sorry if i am rude... do not mind my english as my native language is not english ...
<3 this comment section needs more love
@john that wasn't very respectful and considerate. you have a lot of ks exp don't you? do you think they really crossed the line?
@bryant, they were hoping to put the shipping list out today, unfortunately home depot has consumed their email quota and they won't be sending it for a few more months.
@charles jolman - why would i buy a hue when i can walk into home depot and buy an ilumi?  mark cuban appreciates you business and hopes for your continued loyalty.
any word on the shipping list? :)
@ charles jolman - thank you for your support!
wow. there are some serious griefers on here. you do realize it's kickstarter right? everybody is acting like you've paid a company for their services. you didn't...you are kickstarting them/investing because you believe in what they do, and ilumi was brave enough to offer us severely discounted bulbs on a quick timeline. you should be happy that they got a deal with home depot canada, the money you put in has lifted this company but even that point is moot because they have already said all the money from kickstarter goes directly back to backers. the production for home depot had no monetary association with this kickstarter.  lets say they threw the home depot deal away to focus on us....oh man 6 months down the road we've got 2 bulbs we decided to try but now they are useless because the company went under. guess i have to buy the overpriced hue monopoly. you guys bet on that delivery date?! on kickstarter?! wow, almost speechless, but just go to lowes or home depot and buy a hue for your insatiable instant gratification.  we have to rid this for kickstarter to keep working, please rethink when hating on ilumi and being so demanding on any kickstarter project. these awesome novel ideas will disappear as all of them will be forced to go to investors that only have monetary wants. oh and ilumi? something extra for us? you said that and i tried hard not to grief. i'm not gonna lie though, i'd wait another month or two for a free bulb. but don't do that....you will get hounded on these comments.
@ stefon - our developers are not currently working on an app for the pebble smartwatch.   we are focusing on the apple watch and android wear.  we may focus on this later as we have more demand for this feature. @ ismael - as of right now, we are not planning on releasing an app for windows.  we may tackle this in the future but are not focusing on it at this time.  we're still hoping on getting shipping information out today :) it's all hands on deck here!
hello ilumi! waiting to receive that shipping info! quick question: any plan in the works to release a windows store app for windows 10, including support for win10 mobile? a universal app could potentially benefit lots of users... thanks!
i feel like theres a litttle to much hate here, ill admit at first i was bummed that i probably won't be getting my bulb till november , but really there isn't much we can do about it this stuff kinda just happens. they've already apologized and said there working on a way to make it up to us and you can tell  they are working hard. i know its not what we planned on but thats the risk you take when you pledge on a kickstarter.  by the way quick question i know you guys said something about developing for smart watches would that include the pebble?
@ vj k - we wanted to offer our backers and previous supporters an opportunity to purchase our gen 2 smartbulbs at a discounted price.   we are working towards the ce certification for our international backers and should receive it soon.  we are working as hard as we can to fulfill rewards quickly and should hopefully be sending out emails with expected ship dates to all backers sometime today or tomorrow.
hi ilumi, there lies the problem... delays are common in this ks world. that i can wait ... but hiding the fact that you have a obligation to fulfill the retail market before even starting this campaign...says something ...  in business world ethics of your practices are very important for long run. i think if you would have said that we had this already ...lot of us would have not backed you hoping for delivery in time. for me as an international backer it is even difficult to understand your problems...rather concentrating on your local market , why did not you take the ce certification and europe certification? which might open the full world for you ... i will wait as much as possible. i will ask for refund if i do not get them by november end.
@ john dean - our developers are working on an integration with amazon echo that will probably be released with an update to the new app in november.  in regards to your comments about retail inventory, we've been working to get ilumi smartbulbs into retail locations for over a year and we started production for retail units, before launching our kickstarter campaign, because we had to comply with specific delivery deadlines. we planned to fulfill backer rewards in september which would have been timed perfectly for our retail launch. as you know, we couldn't make that happen and we misjudged the demand for the bulbs. we had a contractual obligation to fulfill retail orders by a certain date, and that put us in a tough position with fulfilling rewards for our backers in september. it's definitely not what we wanted to happen, and we're all doing whatever we can to prevent anymore delays and get rewards out as soon as we possibly can.  please understand that our kickstarter campaign funds have all gone towards rewards for our backers. @ renrid - thank you for your support, we are happy to help any of our backers who request refunds.  we know we've missed some comments and questions over the past couple of weeks while we were fixing our etl labeling issue but we definitely try to respond to everyone who leaves us a comment! @ peter - thank you for your support! @ jay carnes - we are working on a shipping list today and are hoping to be able to send individual updates to each backer with information about when their reward is expected to ship by tomorrow! @ david batu - we've been working to get ilumi smartbulbs into retail locations for over a year and we started production for retail units, before launching our kickstarter campaign, because we had to comply with specific delivery deadlines. we planned to fulfill backer rewards in september which would have been timed perfectly for our retail launch. as you know, we couldn't make that happen and we misjudged the demand for the bulbs. we had a contractual obligation to fulfill retail orders by a certain date, and that put us in a tough position with fulfilling rewards for our backers in september. we also ran into several other unforseen delays, like the etl labeling issue. it's definitely not what we wanted to happen, and we're all doing whatever we can to prevent anymore delays and get rewards out as soon as we possibly can.
to emphasize you booked a nice hotel in a beautiful hawaii, and you are from the other side of planet, you booked the ticket everything is great as how you planned it, somehow out of nowhere you get news from air line said they have to delay because they need to handle people form japan on board first.  and you read comments like hurr durr you can get a boat, hurr durr you can get the airline next year, but that's not work for me
any update to the possibility that these will arrive before the 31st?  i know i'm not the only one that was hoping to have these ready for a party we are having.   i think if this deadline is missed, they are going to see alot of requests for refunds.
i have to say that i don't fully agree with those people suggesting that people should not be disgruntled and not be complaining in these comments, as things definitely could have been handled better by ilumi, who should have been more open from the start, or at the very least have considered the risk of this happening and put measured in place to prevent this. it's definitely not a given that kickstarter projects have to suffer delays as some are suggesting, especially for a company which has done a kickstarter project before and so fully understands the process. i've only backed two projects in the past, and one of them actually delivered their project early - and this was before kickstarter even had the requirement of a working prototype. it does happen. while i haven't seen any 'hate comments', i do think that some of the things which have been said by the disgruntled commenters are a bit unfair. most importantly, to those saying that their funds have gone into producing the product for retail, this is complete speculation, and was never implied or stated by ilumi themselves. i would like to suggest that it is probably untrue - if this were the case, ilumi would not be currently producing bulbs for backers, as they would have no funds remaining. as bulbs are still being produced, this would suggest otherwise. on top of this, it's public knowledge that ilumi have other sources of funding - they were featured on shark tank, for a start. the reality is much more likely to be what ilumi have been saying from the start - they have a limited manufacturing capacity, and so they prioritised retail - to not do so would have been a very unwise business decision. i do think that if people want to complain, they should be allowed to, and not be shot down, but also think it's important to clear up the facts. to end on a positive note, i do agree that it's great how responsive ilumi have been here in the comments and in updates. keep up the good work, ilumi!
this sort of "witch hunt" has come to a point i no longer agree with. all the hate comments are circling around the same topic over and over again. everybody has the right to have his or her own opinion, to be upset or not, to agree or to disagree, but please ask yourself some questions first: if you have the opportunity why not buy the bulbs in the stores and request a refund? if you don't have the opportunity but you want your money back why not request a refund? if you want the bulbs, what do you want to achieve by complaining over and over again and even in some cases trying to create bad mood by writing bad reviews or telling others to write them? even with only a small amount of economical thinking, you have to agree that they made the right decision to stay in the market. we still get the product we pledged for, but later. they answer almost all the questions and are sorry for not telling us earlier. they work hard to deliver their product as fast as they can. i cannot imagine why some of you seem to be so unforgiving. just my opinion.
no reply to the questions we've asked about the new version of the app with amazon echo integration.  what's the word there? diana, i, too, have been shafted, and this isn't the same.  it's one thing to fail to deliver, it's another to use the funds that us kickstarter people did to successfully produce the product and then ship it to retail instead of the people who actually funded it. i would imagine almost everyone has been hosed by a kickstarter failing, but that's not what we're complaining about here, so saying that "i've had others fail, this isn't that bad" misses the point.  the ones that failed didn't take kickstarter funds and put stock on retail shelves instead. it's not the timeframe, it's not the success or failure of other products - it's the dishonesty in the actions here that have us upset.
@ a fathman - great question!  we are working on an integration with ifttt.  we are not entirely sure when we will be ready to release it but it will probably come with an update to the new app that is slated for release in november.
are there any plans for ifttt integration?
thanks jordan, diana, christoper and james!  we can't tell you how much we appreciate the support of you and all of our backers. we hope everyone understands that we're doing our best to get your reward out the door, as well as keep everyone posted on what's going on. we don't want to be delayed, we don't want our backers to be unhappy, and we certainly don't want people to be so disheartened that they would rather have a refund than their ilumi smartbulbs. there were a ton of details we simply didn't have, but now we have a better understanding of what is going on and we're happy to answer your questions with the information we have. we don't have all the answers yet, and we sincerely apologize that this is translating to us being vague. we've had a lot of back and forth conversations with intertek, ce, our manufacturer, our shipper, and so many other vendors to try to get as much information as possible so we can figure out what our next move is. this latest issue with the certification had our entire team indisposed, so we do apologize for not being as responsive over the last week. but we are currently back to working through the questions and comments we have received thus far. so please feel free to ask us questions. we've done our absolute best to plan for everything we can so we can fulfill rewards more quickly than our last kickstarter campaign, where we learned a ton about the process and this time around we thought it would be smooth sailing. unfortunately, no matter how much planning you put into a project, sometimes completely random events happen that change everything. the best we can do is let you know what's going on as soon as we can figure out what's happening and what we plan to do to resolve it. we may not have all the answers yet, and we ask for your patience while we figure this out. if you feel more comfortable cancelling your pledge and receiving a refund, we completely understand so please email us at support@ilumi.co as soon as possible. our team has also been brainstorming ways we can make it up to our backers for not meeting our september shipping goal, because our mission is to deliver an amazing experience. we still believe we can do this. this has been a humbling experience, and all we want is to get the light bulbs in your hands. we greatly appreciate your patience and understanding and will keep you posted!  we are also looking at dates and times that we can do another periscope to talk directly to everyone and for anyone to ask us questions live!
yeaaa but if people don't complain how will we get free bulbs haha...just kidding. agreed, there are kickstarter campaigns that have gone so much worse. lets hope the delay stays at two months
i am with diana completely. the company has been fantastic with answering questions promptly, providing all of the information they can. seems like a rock solid, stand up group of people at ilumi. i agree, they could have handled the deal with hd better, but they can not change that now. we all will get our bulbs, and i am confident, the excellent support will continue on "after the sale" where so many other companies lack.
well said diana!
wow i continue to be surprised by all the hate. i've actually been ripped off by a kickstarter. 3 years and still no product. and rarely any updates and they never respond at all to email or comments. so ilumi just a couple months late is nothing. and they respond to everyone. just because this deal was in the works with hd canada doesn't mean it was gonna go thru. yes, they could have been up front that it was pending but they are making good on their fulfillments to us and refunding international if they request it. folks - this company has been enormously forth coming with the backers since their oversight with hd canada. they answer comments. they respond to email. we will all get our ilumi - which is superior to the philips hue imho (the hue emits a high pitched noise that never goes away. some can't hear it but if u can… it's a deal breaker). this company has always had awesome cust srvc. they have a great product. and one day soon we'll have our ilumis and all will be right with the world. relax everyone. they are not here to rip us off. all will be taken care of. side note - i'm just a customer. i have an original ilumi. i do not work for the company. i posted this of my own free will. i continue to have complete faith that they will do right by all of us.
@david john thompson  these bulbs should work with the nest smoke detector via ifttt just like hue bulbs do.
ikea is rumored to be releasing a low cost color led bulb with app integration later this year. i like the idea of ilumi but having second thoughts after the way they treated us. will wait until the end of this month and if the bulbs are´t shipped by then going to request a refund and give ikea bulbs a chance.
has anyone scene an update on the all new app they promised would be coming?  i certainly hope this is not delayed as they should have had plenty of time to bring this to market on time...
disappointing...
*sakes instead of sales.  freudian slip...who knows
with that being said, ilumi is still the same ilumi that i backed.  it appears to be a decent product with some unique features at a decent price.  nowadays, i can't ask much more than that.  it doesn't excuse the miscommunication, but i would still like to see the product become well supported and successful for all our sales.  the market needs the competition.  there will be some colorful holiday parties this year. i hope i speak for some others in the ilumi nation when i say you still have my support(if that means anything). it doesn't excuse the miscommunication and everyone makes mistakes.  so i'm just going to relax here in the dark because i don't have any light bulbs.
tristan, this generation of the ilumi isn't available on amazon, only in-store at home depot canada - it isn't even on their website. it would be a bit harsh to leave reviews on their first gen product when a) you don't own and haven't backed that product and b) it had a successful kickstarter campaign and the majority of customers were very satisfied. that's just how i feel, though.
so my money went to producing hd inventory and as an an international backer i'll receive my reward in december? nice...! go ilumi!
hi all, feel free to leave reviews on hd and amazon site. ilumi is obviously not too concerned about the feelings of their initial backers, might as well let all of the unknowing hd and amazon purchasers know how they treat you once you give them your money.
well put jordan.  i'm keeping mine since the cost was low, but i'll certainly be making sure anyone else i know selects led bulbs from another source, like the philips hue or something.  i'll not waste any breath supporting this company after this botched campaign, but i *will* waste it making sure everyone knows how they take someone's money then turn around and do other things with it - in this case, manufacturing product to stock shelves. if hd funded them, then they should've been no different than any other of us backers, and gotten their alloted amount.  if hd did not fund them in kickstarter, then they should've had to wait.  *we* funded this, *we* gave the money to get things rolling, to allow production.  this whole "we didn't expect so many bulbs to be ordered" doesn't float since they knew how many bulbs there were when the campaign ended.  all the extra ones we ordered shouldn't force the initial orders we made to be delayed too. it all just seems like a convenient excuse to use our money to fill retail shelves because they didn't have the cash to do it without our help.  and while they benefit from that, we sit and wait...
it's a tough pill to swallow knowing our money went to producing hd inventory before ours.  judging by the photo of bulbs supposedly being sent to backers it looks like a very, very small percentage compared to the amount of bulbs shown in other photos. and it's obvious you're just doing it to be able to say you've begun shipping. have more pride in your work...this was a shameful, dishonest kickstarter despite saying how transparent and open you were going to be. the early bird price was too good to pass up, so i'm keeping my order...i just can't say i'm proud to do so.
having been very disappointed like everyone else here (i'm an international backer from the uk) i have taken the decision to cancel my order because of the lack of information & mainly because they never told us about the hd deal. i could understand the delay if they were upfront about hd as soon as they knew. lying is just too far ilumi. you have crossed the line and made a lot of people very unhappy.
well put fernando
*as per my understanding this platform is not for marketing
i agree david. what recently i am seeing ( watchismo - watches ) etc ... is they are using ks for publicity and increase the awareness... as per my understanding this platform is for marketing... ks must do something ... first backers then the rest ... basically we are the ones who backed you just on a word of thought and plan ... so show the same mutual respect and first do the backer fulfillment and then go and spend your own things with retailers...  as a international backer i am directly affected by your own plans which you never even mentioned in the campaign... if you would , i would never have backed this... i thought you are a very professional group of people trying to make your mark... what you proved is you are using us as backers for your publicity and then ignore the fulfillment until you get nice deals with retailers and deliver them ...
a wrong cannot justify a wrong. just because other project has delayed does not mean this project can/should, especially with this hd reasons  where backer not being the first having the bulbs. good for you happy with delay, but each backers has their own plan. so stop okaying others with different opinion with you.
will you folks ever make a version with a built in smoke detector than can communicate with all the lights over bluetooth?
also, what's the latest word on the new app with the amazon echo integration?
a fathman, excellent point.  nothing has been "split" up to this point, all shipping appears to have only gone to hd.  haven't heard of a single ks backer getting anything yet, despite how long ago hd got their stock. clearly they could care less about their backers.  so anything i do in any forums or selling sites will be to complain about the company, not promote their product.  i'm tired of hearing, "we hear you," yet clearly they don't.  the delay wouldn't have bothered me - i'm part of animusic 3 and we're years behind schedule on that - so a few months here aren't the problem.  it's being used to get them into home depot at the cost of our own product.  all of us kickstarter people were just another tool for them to use and toss aside until they couldn't ignore us anymore.
of course delays happen in kickstarter. it's not the 2 months delay that's made people angry. it's the being lied to, giving the existing kickstarter inventory to a major corporation, and then being vague about everything after we caught them with their pants down that is the problem here. it's great that they're finally shipping, but this was still dirty.
i've been an avid backer of the kickstarter concept, however i'm starting to see what had orignally  been a great alternative platform for innovative ideas and projects to have a chance to become a reality when other traditional funding sources like banks would never even  considering giving money based on pure concepts and ideas. we as a community  open our minds and wallets to believe and give dreamers a shot to make an idea or cause a possibility. after this and many other projects i see kickstarter is becoming nothing more than a way for people to market, rehash already existing products made in china soley for personal gain and greed. there's no sense of social community responsibility by many creators after a project is funded and money is received , the response to emails and comments begins to demish, updates become less frequent and the process of taking us the backers through the journey of making a dream a reality just never really happens and we're kept in the dark and made feel like all we were all form the beginning nothing more than a piggy bank.
to be just 2 months late in the kickstarter world is great i have a few that are over 1 year late. good job, but take care of your kickstarter people first, after all they got you where you are.
@thomas plant  -  2 month delay in a kickstarter is almost a record for good.. again kickstarter isn't a store... obviously the hd thing ticket off most of us, but all you need to do is a basic google search to realize 2 months is nothing in a kickstarter delay.
end of november for international backers?! i was originally expecting my reward in september now it won't be till early december i imagine. bad business.
hey everyone!  corey just posted an update and has hopefully addressed all questions and concerns!  hop on over to take a look!  if you still have questions or were looking for a refund, feel free to email us at support@ilumi.co.
we need to also send our complaints to their twitter feed. their name is @ilumisolutions. it's also a mark cuban company. send complaints his way to @mcuban. maybe he will step in and do something. would hope he is against screwing over investors.
hi ilumi, your delay does not make any sense, sure you can grow your business with hd good for you and we are proud too but this project was started on kickstarter, which you should honor relationship with backer, and what are hd reasons for not taking their inventory after all backers received their bulbs? really disappointing to know that you  take us, backers, lightly.
@ilumi, you obviously have a final product as you are shipping to home depot. you claim to not ship to backers due to increased demand on the backer front. however, this doesn't make sense. you should have still started shipping at the same time, and just had a longer shipping window with the increased demand. however, i don't think a single backer has gotten any bulbs, so what gives? do you mean to tell us that all of the bulbs have been going to hd? i find it hard to believe that the delay in shipping has surprised you, rather you are just biding your time in announcing the ship date such that december 2015 doesn't feel like that far away when you announce it in november. i think everyone in ks should be due for some free bulbs for the deceit.
blaring i hate ios auto correct.  suggest against using kickstarter.
chuckles. i'm gonna go ahead and suggest that maybe you. it so a kickstarter for your gen iii bulb as well. i don't think any single user in this comments section will not adamantly report and boycott you. burning bridges is not a smart business decision.
i have to agree with a majority of the unfavorable comments here ... this group was taken advantage of.  the timeline presented delivery of rewards in september with no mention of filling retail outlets prior to campaign fulfillment.  i get its business but deceit is not a good practice if you want want to be around long term.  i was in my local hd in maryland and these bulbs were not in stock. so purchasing and then returning the rewards in their place to keep the lower price was not an option.
very annoyed with project. i was going to use the lights for a wedding but that has come and gone...very disappointed
that's not the first kickstarter project that i have backed, but probably the last. :-(
@creator you expect to be able to start shipping in 2015??? that's not fair for us that you are prioritizing retail stores... what was the purpose of this ks campaign??? please inform how can we get a refund.
ilumi, please start shipping out our ilumi rewards this week at least to the us backers or else we boycott your company! less talking, more walking ilumi.
now is oct 4th i still didn't see my item. supposed the one should be delieved on sep? who knows what's going on?
does anyone know if these can be purchased in any store anywhere in the northeastern us? trying to get my hands on one of them by friday.
at this point they should give all the canadian backers their money back and focus on distributing the rest of the inventory to us and international backers. maybe we'll actually get them this month. not likely though.
as far as i see it, these are all the canadian backers that are saying that they can get them today instead of waiting. i have not seen these at a us home depot yet, at least not around my house. however, i am a little disappointed @ilumi that it's already october and we have not heard of any shipments out or even happening anytime soon. i think the best thing you can do is to give a daily update and speed up the process to get these bulbs in the hands of the backers asap.
if i was interested in a refund, how would i go about getting it? i expected to have my bulbs by now, and honestly philips hue is looking pretty good right now, considering i can have them up and running tonight, as opposed to not having the slightest clue when i'll receive the ilumi bulb.
i agree with the other backers that from a brand point of view this is turning bad for ilumi. i strongly suggest that you do something about that ilumi, otherwise the benefit from home depot will be offset by the rage of your backers here. to be very clear about the fact that it doesnt matter at all who is right about home depo, what matters is the outcome ilumi. and it looks real bad!
this is bullshit. shipping to retailers before backers. i deman a refund.
i demand a refund.
hey ilumi, you're potentially losing customers on the kickstarter front due to this home depot deal, any way you can make it up to us with a free t-shirt or first gen light bulb?
yeah, this is bad. they only used this kickstarter campaign for marketing purpose. i'm done with kickstarter for a while.. if i could just cancell my pledge and buy the product in a store here in brazil, like many are doing in canada and us, i would. unfortunatelly that's no the case.
i think this project is the final straw in my kickstarter backing.  i have been burned one too many times.  i should have known there was something amiss when a company with a product already in stores is running a funding campaign.  i too will be looking for a refund.
to whom do i contact for a full refund? the waiting game is a bit ridiculous, especially since i can just buy one at home depot now.
i just went to the neighbourhood home depot.  cheeper and no waiting.  email sent to support requesting the offered refund.
how about an informed shipping update... and please no double talk or bs, thx.
@ brent - if you want, we are more than happy to work with you in any way that we can, please feel free to email me at support@ilumi.co.  as i said, we will be shipping this year, we are waiting for our expected ship date. @ toby - please feel free to reach out to us at support@ilumi.co
hi. how do i go about receiving a refund?
since you are expecting to "start" shipping in 2015 many of us won't receive our rewards until 2016. that makes your original under 8 week timeline optimistically over 20 weeks!!! :( the fact you will not complete shipping in 2015 is the first piece of information posted in a while.  thanks for the update :(
@ brent - we fully expect to be able to start shipping in 2015.  we are doing our best to give you all the information we can.  we don't want to provide a ship date until we know for sure that we will be able to fulfill your rewards.  we are estimating that to be in a few weeks :)
not only have you missed the september estimate because you sold our bulbs to home depot but you haven't even provided an estimated shipping date.  an estimate can't be that hard.  have you failed to provide one because it is so far out?  2016? later? lots of smily faces and exclamation marks provided but little to no information.  please provide some actual information.
@ peter - hey peter!  there's no real issue with ce, the certification is just a process that we are still in the middle of and it's taking longer to work our way through it than we realized initially.  we do have to wait for final certification before we can ship to international backers, which is why corey said those may be delayed.   we are expecting to be able to produce some bulbs with bayonets! more than likely, it will be at the very end of this process.  we will post updates regarding bayonets as we get more information!
are you able to tell us any more about the issue with ce? i'm asking more out of interest than to see how it will affect shipping. it's probably worth pointing out to the various international buyers commenting here that corey said in the periscope broadcast that shipping to international buyers will happen last and it may not happen until early next year. better to make that very clear now than to get international peoples' hopes up when shipping starts to the us. on the plus side, iirc he also mentioned that bayonet is still on the table. have there been any developments regarding this? cheers
@ a fathman and terry hardwick - we would also love to get these to you by halloween because it would definitely make for an awesome party experience!  we're not sure of a definite ship date yet but we do expect it to be soon. as soon we get more information, we'll definitely keep everyone posted. @ matthew stewart - we are waiting on a certification to ship internationally. we had a small hiccup with our ce certification, but we're quickly getting this taken care of.  as soon as we have a ship date, we will let everyone know! @ eric lan - we have not started shipping rewards yet.  we responded to your private message as well :) @ arpita lakhotia - we certainly understand your frustration and appreciate your patience with us.  we aren't certain ourselves when we will be able to start shipping since there are a lot of variables at work. we are hesitant at this point to give a firm ship date because sometimes things don't work out exactly as planned, as we can see with this current production delay. once we're confident about when we can ship, we'll notify everyone.  we've certainly tried to answer any questions/complaints regarding hdca and are sorry if we've missed any! feel free to reach out to support@ilumi.co if we haven't adequately addressed your concern. in the mean tim, we are working as hard as we can to get everyone's rewards ready for shipping. @ razvan lungu - it's no secret that we have been trying to get into retail since the launch of our gen 1 product, and i hope corey was able to clear up any concerns regarding our retail plans in the last periscope video. when we launched this campaign, we believed (based on past campaigns and order trends) that we would be able to fulfill both based on our inventory projections and we received an even higher demand for inventory than we initially planned for. we are so sorry about the timing and it certainly was not our intention for our backers to find out that way. it's also not our intention to be vague about when rewards will ship, it's simply that we do not know. we don't want to provide a date that we aren't confident we'll be able to meet. one important thing that all backers should know is that each of you have received the lowest price that these bulbs will be offered at. retail is at the msrp price of $59.99 and $69.99, and there was a situation in which a backer wanted to save on the cost of shipping. we are more than happy to refund backers if they'd like to save on the cost of shipping, which we are offering to all international backers. we will start shipping as soon as we possibly can and we appreciate your patience. @ jay carnes - we definitely understand your position and will do whatever we can to make you happy with your reward. we are also brainstorming ideas of what we can do as a company to thank all of our backers and make this up to them because at the end of the day, you're the reason we are successful!
it's terribly unfair to have the bulbs available in hd before the backers get their pledges.  one of the perks of kickstarter is that we get to try these new, innovative products before the mass public does.   i agree with some of other comments below... if i don't get a shipping notification soon, i will also ask for a refund and just purchase what i want from hd.  sorry ilumi... please consider your backers first.
i think i'm going to wait until the end of october for my shipping notification. if my bulbs aren't on the way by then, i'm asking for a refund. there's a limit to being understanding. when crossed it just makes you feel like being taken advantage of. also, as others have mentioned, they are being extremely vague when it comes to shipping deadlines. i mean from what they've said until know we could be looking at february 2016 as a shipping date. the reality is they haven't provided us with one concrete piece of info when it comes to getting our bulbs. i'm sorry ilumi, but you're slowly but surely taking advantage of us: 1) you knew about the hd deal even before the ks campaign was in place. 2) you only came forward about the hd deal after it was made public by someone in the comments. 3) you calmed us and reassured us with the periscope session which in reality didn't provide us with any concrete shipping information. 4) even know you are being as vague as possible about shipping. 5) we are not getting any preferential price for the bulbs. 6) as backers we are not provided anything compared to hd clients. so tell me, where am i wrong? i'll be honest and admit that if it weren't for the ks campaign i probably wouldn't be able to order any bulbs since i am from romania, but for now at least i'm not even sure i'll be getting any bulbs at all. let put this in another perspective, what if phillips or lifx (or whatever other company) come up with an updated product before i even get a shipping notification? technology moves fast these days. i wonder how the backers would feel if a competitor comes up with a better product and they are all still in the blue when it comes to shipping. as i see it you have 2 things you can do by the end of october in order to gain back some trust: 1) provide us with a firm shipping date. a real one. not the kind of deadline you say you are sorry a week after because some other problem came up. 2) actually start shipping.
@a fathom at this point, i'd be happy to get them before halloween, but giving how vague they are about everything, not looking likely. sad thing is, i had thought about replacing all my bulbs in my house, but i don't think i can trust ilumi any longer.
i had been holding off on commenting on the home depot deal, and how rude it is to backers that retail stores are getting the bulbs before us. but it is now the end of september and you guys haven't even started the process of shipping to backers (at least i haven't received any tracking information).. and it is more than annoying! i had been excited about this project, but thanks to seeing the error in your ways where you totally sidelined the backers for a retail customer, i'm doubtful that i'll support any more kickstarters in the future. went through the comment section today and find that while you sporadically answer questions, 1) shipping dates are still vague and cryptic which makes it seem that we should expect even more delays 2) you guys are not responding/commenting on any of the home depot complaints/queries -- not very transparent, are we?
has any one in the states gotten there tracking number yet?
@ilumi. can you tell me when you will be shipping to great britain?
@ilumi, i'm placing my bets on you shipping around halloween. if the bulbs happen to ship before then such that i have a rockin halloween party, i'll road trip up to a canadian home depot just for kicks and buy some more ilumi. pics will be provided. game on.
@ mike, terry and a fathman - we are working as hard as we can to get your rewards shipped!  as soon as we have a firm ship date, we will update everyone!
they avoided giving any hard date in any of their updates. "a few weeks" when asked directly in the video update. expect them to take full use of the ambiguity. china is celebrating golden week, so i expect another delay as the factory will probably be shut down during that time. i'm planning on late october based on these signals.
so. has anyone seen shipping happen yet? almost october.
i understand the necessity of the home depot deal and the need to change the shipping schedule.  i just really want to be done with getting back out of bed when we forget to turn off the lights in a room! :p
@ nelson - hey nelson!  because of numerous fraudulent entries, the contest is now being handled by queue.  you can direct all questions about status of the contest to info@queuetechnologies.com.
what happen with the contest? who are the winners? where can we see that information?
@ ben seourssi - we used a third party platform to administer the contest for us and, at this time, they have taken over going through the data to filter out anything they deem fraudulent.  they can take any questions you may have at info@queuetechnologies.com. @ long tong - check your messages :)
i want to change shipping addess. pls help me
i'd like to give my 50cents about the contest: i supported the project before it, and was excited for it and shared it in some forums and to some friends that also decided to join the kickstarter. a few of them with a bit more knowledge than me in certain aspects saw what was going on in the contest and decided to help me with the added challenge.  i admit it was a bit shady but they thought it was the only way to head up because, you sort of screwed the contest system (disregarding the poorly coded countdown which caused a lot of confusion. i hope it won't hurt my prize tier and you will take it into consideration.
@ casper claudi andersen rafn - we are working on getting shipments ready as fast as we can!  i also responded to your message :)
when do i get my light bulp ?
hey everyone! here is the link for the backer update periscope from friday - https://youtu.be/ns0dnxrs_fk thanks so much to peter for capturing the video before it expired and sharing with us! :) we really appreciate your support and please let us know if there is anything else we can help with! cheers,  heather garcia
@ilumi i've sent you the video link via email. if you could handle distributing it to the people who want it (e.g. youtube) that would be great :)
@peter, i would also like the downloaded broadcast.
@peter - we would love for you to send us the download!  we love periscope but are still new to using it and didn't realize there was a way to download it.  the link we posted did unfortunately expire after 24 hours and we would love to share it with anyone who was not able to join us!  you are more than welcome to post it right here on this message thread.  we would also greatly appreciate it if you could send it to us at support@ilumi.co @ larry - hey larry!  we are working on getting the periscope back out so that everyone can see it!  we had emailed initially and while we were responding to backers we recognized the need for a more personal message.  a simple email just didn't seem to capture fully what we wanted to be able to say to all of our wonderful backers! @ fridolin - we are absolutely working on a way to thank and reward all of our kickstarter backers! @ nick - thank you so much for your support! @ alexander - bayonets are definitely something we can do!  we are working with our manufacturers right now to be able to provide this for our international backers! i don't have an eta right now but we will keep you posted! @ jens - unfortunately we do not have a transcript of the periscope but we are working on getting a link posted again for everyone to see! @ james - we definitely regret the unfortunate timing but we are absolutely going to get all of our backers their rewards as soon as we are able to!
@peter, i would love to have a copy. i wasn't aware of it. thanks angelicawhite5@hotmail.com
i missed the periscope and can no longer view it. i take it there are delays? wonder why a simple email wasnt sent out instead of posting a live update most people cant see?
i downloaded the periscope broadcast as i didn't have time to watch it before it 'expired'. if anyone wants to see it but hasn't, and if ilumi are okay with it, i'd be happy to send it to them. alternatively,  i could send the file to ilumi and they could stick it on their youtube channel if they wanted - this would probably be the best way of backers accessing it who haven't already.
i backed the biggest perk they have and feel a little bit cheated on..
backers should get one extra bulb for free, that's the least they could do. the bulbs are cheaper and already at hd. that's really not fair and there isn't any real advantage for the backers anymore. that's ****** rude..
i have backed every ilumi project & campaign on both here & on indiegogo. i have sat & waited when there were delays & set backs but the truth is that the ilumi team has always offered excellent customer service, been transparent and most of all have produced excellent quality products. they were only a few people when they started but always had big aspirations & that's commendable. also, this is what crowd funding is all about - helping the small guys get their heads above water & trying to survive long enough to be able to take on the big boys! - we should all be congratulating team ilumi & be commending all the backers from all the projects in doing their bit in enabling a small start up get through the doors of the big box stores! that must be every kickstarters creators dream! surely everyone can see that & agree with it? the fact is that there maybe a small delay in shipping out backers rewards - ilumi has offered to refund backers who cannot wait or wish to purchase in store - you can't complain at that! i've got projects that after two years still have not shipped their rewards! this small delay is nothing in comparison to some other projects & don't even get me started on the projects that have turned out to be scams! at least we are going to actually receive our rewards! i don't think that we can complain about the way ilumi have handled this situation or about the slight delay. we still are getting the product before the majority of customers - let's keep it real - it is only hd canada! there are backers of this project from all four corners of the globe who are still going to receive the ilumi 2.0 before the average person! we should all be commending each other in helping a crowd funded company give it a chance of hitting the big time. i'm proud to have supported ilumi's every project & even prouder to see it achieve the status of going on the shelves next to the big boys! and further more i agree with the comment below that states the fact that finally someone is out there taking on the stranglehold that hue has on the market. go team ilumi!
if bayonet's are actually coming soon i'd be happy to sit on my order and wait for those. that way someone else can have my 22 bulbs sooner.
a transcript of the broadcast would be nice.
wheren't not whereby yay auto correct
in the end all this was. was a giant pre order scam. you whereby funding anything.  i'll take my lights  but you won't fool me twice.  you whereby bringing anything to market, you where funding a big order you got and have hd judge the response you got here for their reorders.  i mean it's basic psychology 101 to see where you messed up and now you'll have several thousand disgruntled people not talking especially positive of your company regardless of product. bravo.
hey everyone! thanks for participating in the periscope today, and we hope you have an opportunity to watch back through just in case you missed it. the broadcast is available for replay in this link here: https://www.periscope.tv/w/amxl3dgxmdeyotn8mujkr1lscxdsvk1lwfhjauik4jwp3ry05tpyf8_kn2vqmvqqcvz4uu4vy_ur we received a lot of great questions, especially in regards to shipping updates, so we hope that this was helpful. we'd love to still hear from everyone so please continue to send your questions our way through kickstarter and email. we will be doing more periscope sessions on a more regular basis - we really liked this format and being able to talk with all of you in a much more personal and meaningful way. let us know what you thought because we always want to give you the best possible access to ask questions. we are so thankful for your support. please let us know if there is anything we can help with! warmest regards, heather garcia
a piece of paper saying i backed something isn't going to make up for the fact that stores in canada had it a month ago (aug 20th?  29 days now? before the surveys were even sent to backers, so the add-ons shouldn't even figure that much into your excuse!).   that indicates stock sent to store over 30 days ago.  and you just mention it to us now?  this isn't you coming to us in advance and coming clean, this is getting your hand caught in the cookie jar and trying to spin it in a positive way.  the decision to behave ethically is a moral one; you must decide what you think is the right course of action. this may involve rejecting the route that would lead to the biggest short-term profit at the expense of longer term goodwill.  word of mouth is one of the biggest draws to a new product, you got us to talk about it and post, but then you violated our trust. from the bottom of your campaign page - "however, our promise to you is that as a member of the ilumi nation, we will be transparent, honest-" - i have to say, you have broken your pledge to each and every one of us. "we’ve learned some valuable lessons in delivering a successful crowdfunding project" you said down near the bottom of that same page.  i think you will learn another valuable lesson, don't promise your backers honesty and transparency if you cannot deliver.
darius and diana, thank you so much for your kind words and understanding. we continue to be amazed by the good people who support us and the power of the ilumi nation. thanks for sharing your thoughts and for being part of our journey, and great suggestion on a backer certificate darius! all the best.  corey
i fully agree with you diana.i know it's easy, and maybe even justified to criticise the ilumi team right now, but given an opportunity like the one they had, i think they made the best decision, the one they had to, and i think every one of us would have done the same. we helped them get things started and got a good price in return, as well as the satisfaction, but moving forward it is in their best interest to continue to grow, and unfortunately big fish with big influence have the ability to apply some pressure, even if it's just i directly in the form of excitement and temptation to move your business and stability as a business up a level by jumping on an offer eagerly.  they may even have thought they could meet all demand at the same time, but the fact is, nearly every single kickstarter campaign of the 100 i have backed has had some delays, and it's no big deal that there'll be a bit of a wait, your what is in my opinion a good reason. it doesn't sound like it will be long anyway. at least they know what they are doing, have a quality product, and aren't lying, even if they thought they could get away with not saying anything at first. they made the right choice, and we should be supportive and happy that they are doing well. this is a starting platform, and things can move quickly when an idea gets recognition. really it just means we backed well.  yes ethics and all that, but none of us would have done differently, let's be honest. @ilumi, if you want to do something nice for us, i think a backer certificate or limited edition kickstarter trinket would be a nice touch and cover any 'shortcoming'. something to remind us and differentiate us from the many customers you will have from here on out.  those for whom it really works out cheaper to buy the bulbs from a store now, we've been offered a refund. i think that's fair and we shouldn't be so outraged. there are people on the other end here too.
copy and pasted from my comment on the last update… in support of ilumi i feel the need to say that while - yes it seems self serving for hd in canada to get these bulbs before us - they need to have commercial market integration to be solvent. this is a great product and a great company that has always given me amazing cust srvc with the orig bulb. their product is so much better than the competitor's but they have only a fraction of the brand recognition. i've been involved with kickstarters that literally lied and took backers money and 3 years later no product (but they made deals with marketing companies at our expense). i almost got rid of kickstarter completely until i saw ilumi had a new bulb. they brought me back. i have every ounce of faith that ilumi will do right by us. they have always been exemplary in their cust srvc. please give them a chance to make this right. we will get our bulbs. we will love our bulbs. and ilumi will have the opportunity to break the stranglehold that the phillps hue (inferior product in so many ways) has on this emerging technology. i for one am still psyched about the new bulbs and have complete faith that they will make up for this lapse in judgement to their backers. thanks for taking the time to read my post.
@ jesper tved mortensen - the only time we notice any kind of noise is when full power is not being sent to a bulb, like when it is used on a dimmer switch that is not turned up to full power.  as far as we know and have tested, the bulbs don't make any noise when turned off.  i hope that helps!
i have previous bought philips hue bulbs and have experienced a high pitched noise from the bulbs even when turned off. have you sound tested the bulbs to be sure there are no noises like that? i believe the problem with hue was with a condensator in the bulb.
hey ilumi nation - we just posted a longer comment in response to the feed on the update, but in short here we absolutely understand and respect that many of you are upset. i don't think it is helpful for us to be defensive at this point, so all we can do is say we are sorry and work as hard as we can to get the new ilumi smartbulbs in your hands as quickly as possible. in the interim if you have any questions or issues that we haven't answered you can leave a message, a comment, or e-mail us at support@ilumi.co. we will also have a periscope tomorrow, friday 9/18, for all of you who want to join and ask questions. sincerely, corey
once bitten, twice shy...  i fully agree. deals like this just don't happen over night. this was in the works while taking ks orders. look in the mirror and see how you would feel by being told you get to go to the middle or the end of the line?  hicups do happen but this feels not right.  do the right thing by your backers...
@john the echo support isn't there yet. see the post by ilumi just slightly below your comment, which talks about when the integrations will be added. the echo support would be considered an integration. also, the echo support should probably also work with your old light bulbs (i remember them saying that the new features will work with the old bulbs where possible, and this really doesn't require anything special from your light bulbs...)
i've got to say, after reading my email "update" this morning and then coming here to then read that big box retailers are getting shipments before backers, i'm quite disappointed with the situation and the companies choices.  i'm sure many will be quite upset by the fact that their order is now not only likely delayed (potentially into november), but they also didn't really receive a reasonable discount on the hardware for their efforts (after adding in the cost of shipping). one expects hiccups when backing a kickstarter campaign, and this is understandable, but to get shoved aside and/or not rot receive any real reward for your investment is upsetting. i certainly will think twice before backing another campaign for a while and definitely feel taken advantage of.  will i cancel my order? probably not, but i can tell you that i have a bad taste left  in my mouth by all of this. especially since one major reason i chose to back this project was because of the companies success at their last campaign and promise to ship their product out to most backers in september.
@gigi. sorry i doubted you. i knew you could pick up the originals in various places, never expected for them to pull this move though.
@darius i agree with the need for support to get attention, and i also think it's great news as now i will able to get the bulbs when i need them at the home depot near my house. however, i have to disagree with you regarding transparency. they only announce that they were at home depot after the fact that it was pointed out that it was at the local store and i had sent a picture of myself holding the ilumni box to them asking for an explanation. the tag in the store was marked august 20 which i'm guessing is when they arrived on the shelves in stores. so tell me it has taken that long for them to be "transparent"? i believe they announced it after everyone was inquiring in the comments section here. i have to be fair though and say the price different is not too big of a difference, and was made more significant due to the exchange rate from usd to cad. it is selling for $69.98cad at home depot canada, so it come up to around $52.82usd. however, i had to pay $20 shipping on top of my pledge, so that makes it $79.00 usd for me to get one lightbulb when it was stated "backer only special price" at $59.99. for those who doesn't have access to home depot and doesn't have to pay as great of a shipping cost, this might s till be worth backing.
gigi, is it home depot canada you saw the bulbs in? how much were they?
they needed the funding and our support to get the attention and to be taken seriously by big businesses like home depot. its great news guys, congratulations guys! backers, i don't think we'll have too long to wait. let's just be happy to have had a part in it. many kickstarters get severely delayed, and often creators resort to lying when things take an unexpected turn. i respect the honesty and it should be valuable to us that we've given descent people a stepping stone. that said, i think it would be the right and honorable move to give backers the opportunity to get bulbs at trade prices for a little while. i'm very happy with my early birds, and have no regrets supporting you, and am very pleased to hear that you've had this big success, but if home depot is able to sell the bulbs for less than we were able to get them, even after their markup, and they get them earlier, thereby delaying ours, it's not quite in the usual intended spirit of the kickstarter. now you have a reliable order, prospects, and the intention of even larger scale production runs, i don't think it would hurt you to give this relatively small community the one off opportunity to also receive the best deal you are now able to offer, as a result of this development (and fundamentally thanks to us). we are backers from all over the world and it shouldn't cannibalise home depot canada's sales to an extent that would give them the right to object, should that be an issue, and if the numbers make sense for them, they should for us too i'd think, and you can throw us in with the deal you offered them, this one.  if i'm wrong, your approach of transparency is the right one, i do have faith that you'll do the best you can for us too.
@gigi - did they confirm that they are the same bulbs?
i'm still waiting for my refund confirmed as it is cheaper for me to buy it now at home depot than it is to have it shipped to me. not to mention i can get it right now instead of waiting.  i no longer see the point in being a backer if i'm not getting them sooner than everyone else, nor having some kind of discount because i actually wanted to support new tech.
@ilumi while you're being upfront: what % of inventory goes to retail vs backers?
it is rude and totally inappropriate to make some backers wait to receive our bulbs so that you can make a profit by selling to johnny-come-lately home depot.  next time have them back you and don't beg for funds from the public.
it's disappointing to hear that retail would get at the same time, or before, backers.
@kris @andrew. yeah. it's kind of ridiculous that home depot would refuse to sell the product unless they get them before the kickstarter backers. if it wasn't for us, this wouldn't have happened in the first place.
send out to all the backers first! don't be greedy!
@sam and anyone else looking for a wall switch solution (to ensure that power is not cut accidentally and you cannot turn your bulbs back on remotely - like while on vacation), here is an option to explore: http://www.avi-on.com/ge-brand-controls.html
i would really appreciate if i get my kick-starter order shipped on time in september as promised. i read about ilumi getting attention from home depot canada which is a great news for company and congratulation. i hope this retail store interest does not affect kick-starter backers (me and people like myself) who supported the most on this project. please keep all of us updated as to when we are getting our shipment.
i have a v1 build light, and the illumi app on my ipad.  i also have an amazon echo, which was one reason i got into the kickstarter here, and ended up getting 16 bulbs for the house.  is there a forthcoming version of the app that will have the echo support, or is it already there in the current build but not an option since my app only sees my old v1 ilumi bulb?  and any eta on when shipping will start?  i'm near to vibrating with excitement and can't wait to replace my "dumb" led bulbs, and get rid of all 8 cfl's in the cans in my kitchen ceiling too, and replace everything with these... also, will there ever be a version that works on an ipad without having to do the 2x thing since it's an app designed for the iphone?  thanks, and really looking forward to the v2 bulbs!
i really can't wait for these! thank you for giving us the chance to add on a few more during the survey. i wish i could have afforded more, but it's a good start. @gigi, and ilumi; what was the case here? they aren't really being sold for less are they? i'm sorry, but i don't think that would be right. i'm happy and proud to support this campaign, but part of the point is also that there is something in it for us, after all even though you aren't such a small upstart company anymore, this manufacturing run supposedly couldn't have happened without our backing. even if you were just using it as a platform for direct sales, the best price should have been passed on to us. i think it would be right to put the explanation to this situation here, for all of us.
@terry i'm pretty sure it's not the first one as the two versions look significantly different. i have sent an image to support
@ sam - q1- yes, that is correct.  q2- yes, and we are the only smartbulb  on the market that will remember your settings if you turn it off at the wall switch. q3- no, we do not have any plans to create our own wall switch at this time. currently, if the wall switch is turned on, you can turn the ilumi off/on from within the app. @ tyler- we just resent your survey link.  i would recommend double checking your spam folder :) @ simon and brian - we are working on the next big app release and are hoping to see the app release in november.  we will incrementally release our integrations after that! sorry, i wish i could be more specific on the timeline but it's too early to tell when they will be ready. @ gigi - we have responded to your support ticket :)
@terry i'm pretty sure it's not the first one as the two versions look significantly different. i have sent an image to support
i second apple watch app info! that would be fantastic!
@gigi. that was version 1. you're backing version 2 with more features.
saw this in my hardware store today, and didn't even receive mine. plus it was cheaper than how much i am getting to for.
any prospect on when you expect to release the apple watch app? this will be such a killer feature :)
still haven't received my survey.
think i could cut down some of the shipping wait if i drive and pick them up myself? i live down in austin so it's not that far.
not sure if this has been answered before but i have a few queries around how these work with wall switches.  1. i assume the switch always needs to be "on" in order for the ilumi bulbs to be controllable? 2. if the answer to q1 is yes then are the bulbs previous settings retained when power is restored? 3. again assuming q1 is a yes, do you have any plans to create your own wall switch allowing bulbs to be switched on or off either by app on physical switch? thanks,
@ bill taylor - please check your kickstarter messages :)
not sure if i received survey ?
awesome. thanks guys. :)
we are still expecting to start shipping mid-to-late september :)
i'm also curious about when the bulbs will start shipping. i've been checking my email notifications hoping to see something related to this. by the way, i think everybody would appreciate some new updates (in the form of a video or some pictures) for the bulbs :d
any news on when to expect bulbs to start shipping??
@ michael damore - please check your messages!
@ terry hardwick - that is a great idea!  we currently have a lot of ideas brewing for future apps and updates.  i will pass this along to our team!
@ alexander - we don't have a specific recommendation for a bayonet adapter but you should be able to find them at any home improvement store or even on online platforms, like amazon.
@michael damore, a little more info would be helpful. are you getting an error message? have you tried a different web browser? what device are you using to try to open it?
can not open survey.... help
so. would it be possible for the bulbs to monitor their energy usage and give me real time updates within the app?
a b22 bcc bayonet adapter to clarify. thanks guys.
can you recommend a good bayonet adapter?
@ ben cootner - sorry for the delay, we have been reviewing entries.  we should be reaching out to winners today :)
@ chris kircher - we are always thinking about the future.  for now, making these lights the best on the market is our main focus!
@robert - i'm so sorry you haven't received your survey yet!  i have sent you a message in kickstarter :)
dear ilumni team, i still haven't received my survey yet. i even tried to contact you on 1st september via your support email address and didn't received an answer yet.  would you please be so kind and send me a survey? :)
any info on the contest winners?!
are there any plans to make candelabra bulbs (e12)?
@ boot - that is a great idea!  it's a possibility for the future but, right now, our main focus is on making light colorful!
@ heri sim - that is something that is definitely in the pipeline. we are also working on our ifttt channel and on an sdk right now and will hopefully be ready to release it soon!  we've also got integrations coming for nest, amazon echo, apple watch, and android wear!!
@christopher creighton - i'm just glad we got it all figured out!
@syed m. ruhani rabin - i just went in and resent your survey link.  be sure to check your spam and junk folder and make sure it didn't get filtered out of your inbox!
when do i get my survey?
got my survey. it was, as usual, and aol problem.
@christopher wow have you check from spam? you should have message them
at least you all have surveys. i still don't have mine!
i must have missed something when did the creator mention public api not going to publish?
@heri i am pretty sure the bulbs hate you for the same reason.. you must be a blast to hang out with at parties. get a life dude. if you don't like them, move on. there is no need to be a condescending jerk. if you think you can do better, then do it.
any thoughts on doing just a white light bulb? for places i don't need the expense of a muti-color bulb but would still like to use the wireless features.
i really hate these ilumi bulbs for not having an api. these founders are really plain-jane shark tank businessmen that have poor understanding of the lively tech ecosystem.
these bulbs are going to be insane!!!
i have completed the survey and purchased another 3 lamps, but is it possible modify to add another?
hi ilumi , can you please respond to my private message in ks ? it seems even though i paid twice ( success messages) ...still it shows i need to pay... can you please check my account and say that you did not charge twice or still nothing happened to finish he order ?
everything worked for me.  super excited. ilumi for the masses. or at least for my nephews for xmas ;)  thanks @creator.
the password issue has been resolved - servers were playing catchup! sorry to those of you in the first wave for the error messages you received. if you continue to have any trouble, let us know at support@ilumi.co. we'll get it straightened out for you :)
yup, working now! woo hoo! thanks guys!
and it works now. guessing their servers are getting hit hard.
seems fixed for me now. i would recommend trying again if it didn't work before.
yep. invalid password.
invalid password :(  if this could be corrected please, i - and i assume others - would greatly appreciate it!
me too. password is incorrect.
yep you're all not along.. survey is a no go.
same invalid password error on two separate ks accounts
same issue; password is incorrect
i also can't log onto the survey
can't login to survey, says password is incorrect
incorrect password on survey..
i'm sorry, that password is incorrect.   :/
hey everyone! we just pulled the trigger on the surveys. thanks so much for your patience - it took a couple weeks for all transactions to clear from kickstarter and we needed to make sure we had everything correct for all our 2,816 backers. whew! you might not receive the email right away, since our server is batching them, but you should receive it tonight. if you do not receive your survey by tomorrow, send me an email at support@ilumi.co and i'll look into it right away. thanks again for your patience! we have a lot of work ahead of us, and we're making great strides with the new ilumi smartbulbs. if you have any questions, please reach out to us directly at support@ilumi.co. warmest regards, heather, team ilumi
i just send a email to ilum from kickstarter.  i am also going to send a email to them to see what is going on because this is getting old fast with no updates and all i am being told is that the survey's will be out soon.
@flameless. i hope that's true, but the ios app was updated earlier in the week too, so who knows.
the ilumi app for android has been updated to support the new bulbs, so the survey might be out soon. *fingers crossed*
getting a little concerned about this project. no surveys and no updates on what's happening. i've got high hopes. don't let us down.
@bernát i'm pretty sure it was always mid to late september. the only bad thing at the moment is that they don't even give public updates so we will know whats going on. the day the surveys were suppose to come and didn't they should have given us an update.
initially it was in hands by end of august, now we'll be lucky if we get the survey this month :s
been waiting patiently for this survey for a week. :(
:( survey! ...
@joel im sure what you saw was gen1 ilumi bulbs.
hi. saw ilumi bulbs at home depot today and the advertising on them looked totally similar to that advertised on this project. is it possible they are in retail before kickstarter project gets theirs??
survey date?
ok i was wondering if i was alone...i made pledges from 2 separate accounts and i haven't gotten surveys yet either...guess i'll keep waiting
@creator any problem with the survey? is this impacting the delivery date?
something along the lines of..."they'll be out soon!" i've been checking my email every ten minutes for the last week expecting a survey to be there. can't wait to get these bulbs in!
would love to have the survey to let them know my address.  already saw the charge for the backing....survey?
anyone heard any updates on the survey??
i have not received the survey for my bulb order.
and don't forget to inform who the winners are from contest
i cant wait! ;)
im so excited for this! the survey hopefully will be here soon!
@b y  spotify support is already going to be included, but i think you'll need the spotify all on your phone (not too sure about that bit though)
haven't gotten my email for the survey
hey! any plans for spotify support with the music feature? lots of people don't keep music on their phone playlists and opt for something like spotify instead!
hey ilumi nation - wow, have we fallen behind on the comment board here! a quick update for many of you that are asking, 'did i miss the survey?', well we have not yet been able to send it out yet but are will be very soon! once we send it out, it's hard to change, so we are doing a final test to make sure it all runs smoothly. thanks to those of you who chimed in to help communicate what you were hearing as well. such a thrill to hear you all are just as excited as we are to get these new ilumi smartbulbs in your hands! regards, corey, team ilumi
@terry i hope it is true but so far i have not gotten anything in my inbox on my email.  so i honestly don't know.
@eric i really hope that's true. was hoping to show these off labor day week.
cool
@eric thanks for posting the update!
hi all so i email support last night and this is the reply i got from them "hey eric! thanks so much for reaching out. we planned to have it out by the end of last week but are still inputting a few minor changes to the survey. i'm hoping to get it out this afternoon. stay tuned! it will be out shortly :) warmest regards, heather garcia community manager, ilumi www.ilumi.co - live your light!"
@james. i don't know. keep hearing soon for the last two weeks.
@terry agreed! i wonder why the delay. i would think they would want the surveys done as soon as possible so they know production needs.
@terry i agree with you.
was really hoping to get these bulbs by the end of august, early september, but if the surveys don't come out soon, doesn't look good.
i was emailing support earlier today. they said they are doing their best to get them out this evening, but it might be tomorrow.
@ethan i was thinking the same thing.
any update on the survey its been a week since last update... ):
haha oh right! i understand. yeah... im excited too! i've actually backed a few other bulb projects crazily enough, but these are by far the best yet!
i'm right there with you david. i am anxious to get these bulbs. i have lamps, with the bulbs already removed, waiting for them.
what do you need help with david?
oh man, i checked this project and refresh at least twice a day, i need help
@b y - if you hadn't noticed, one of the stretch goals was amazon echo, which was reached. so yes, it will work with that. they might know about the other app, i do not,  but they are releasing the sdk so if someone is interested enough they should be able to make it work.
please hold off the production of new i lumi until bluetooth 4.2 compatibility can be confirmed. bluetooth 4.2 allows direct connection to internet without a gateway.
i have a specific question. will br30 bulbs work in europe ?  i tried to find the equivalent code for this in europe but not able to find one. can you suggest?
hue has integration with a lot of other things (e.g. amazon echo) and apps (e.g. ios "sleep cycle" app) - will ilumi push for integration for these things in the near future?
does anyone know if these bulbs can be controlled by a logitech harmony remote control? i'm planning on purchasing one to control all my electronics and controlling my new ilumi bulbs would be the cherry on top of it. i know the harmony home hub is bluetooth enabled, so in theory (if logitech has a profile for the bulbs) it should work.
@david - it can definitely be possible! once the sdk is released, anything can happen. :p we are also considering more features for our future app updates, and will keep the rapid flickering lights in mind!
@eric, per creator last comment " we're currently still confirming payments, but the survey should come out sometime next week! :)", that was 9 hours ago.
has any one gotten the survey yet?
i don't know if this possible, but is it possible to make a rapid flickering light with this bulb? or possibility from sdk?
@matthew - that's a pretty cool idea! the awesome thing about these kinds of things is that once we release our sdk, there will be limitless possibilities with the control of ilumi!  @terry and diana - we're currently still confirming payments, but the survey should come out sometime next week! :)
when will the surveys be out? asking for "a friend"
just curious about when the surveys are coming out? it's been a while since the project ended.
i have a cool idea if you can consider adding this experience to the new ilumi app!  just like screen savers on a pc, it would be cool to have the ilumi change colors every so often. the settings could be made to change every 1, 5, 10, 20 minutes and so on and the color combinations will be random and change on their own. it could even flash, dim, get brighter, and stay solid. if you have multiple ilumis and this experience is set, there will be multiple color combinations at the same time across your house!
@ben - we're assessing the competition and will be announcing the winners soon. :) @ryan - those seem like really good ideas! we'll make sure to talk about them in our next meeting, but as for now, we're slowly building up from what we have onto greater things!  @garfield - we're still looking through some alternative ways of shipping so as to make the cost lighter on you as the backers, and we will definitely inform you once we find the best solution! :)
from where do you ship and could anyone tell me the shipping costs again to calculate?
i like the sync to music feature, (making the music more immersive).  was wondering if you do ever link the bulb/s to other os platforms like pc/mac it would be great to syc with video games & movies etc, to help with scene immersion. eg watching tv and an explosion goes off, the lights change color and pulse with effects. or your playing a scary video game, the lights flicker and dim etc. the possibilities are endless. i know there are light projector applications that extend the viewing experience of your tv screen, why cant lights do the same thing too!!
excellent, thanks for the quick replay. any info how about how and when the contest results are going be handled?
@ben - through our app, you will be able to dim the lights to whatever brightness you'd like. :)
will there be an option to dim the lights? if not any chance you can add a control to how many of the internal leds are up?
hey guys! we'd like to give a big thank you to everyone that has helped this project become successful, and we definitely cannot wait to get ilumi into your hands as fast as we can! the contest is being reviewed right now and the winners will be notified shortly. if you have any questions, please feel free to reach out to support@ilumi.co. :) @joey and vincent - we are definitely looking into pebble integration because of such high demand, and we will actually be releasing our sdk soon for those willing to create their own pebble apps ahead of time. :) @j. mckeever - yes! once we send out our surveys, you'll have the chance to add more bulbs to your pledge. :) big thanks, team ilumi
will there still be an opportunity to add bulbs now that the campaign has ended?
made it to first place  and i'm to excited! i hope we hear something about the contest soon :)
when will the winners of the referral contest be notified and who won which prize? thank you!
hey guys. you may have noticed the timer in the contests continue... did you wrote who got to which place at the time it got to 00:00:00 ? i think i was 13 or something near to it, and afraid i lost it after the times ended
from the contest looks like i only won the shirt :(
congratulations on successful funding. will be nice if you can release the bayonet version as well.
this will probably end up being one of my favorite purchases this year! congrats guys!
i know it would be difficult but yeah itd be awesome if you could somehow take a look at the contests functionality post competition. can't wait to get my bulb though!!!
well done on the funding, can't wait to get mine
@joey i hope so. otherwise i hope they will open up for the possibility for a third party to develop one.
will u guys b making a pebble smart watch app?
would be nice if you wouldnt put the amex logo as an approved card if you arent going to accept them.
super duper!  hope the bayonets can still be worked as an option now.
congrats! cant wait to get mine!
congrats on successful funding!
thank you ilumi nation
@alexander - if we don't hit $400k, we'll try to still manage something for bayonets, but we can't make any promises! there's a lot of operational costs in creating the different type.  @james - really sorry you had issues with the contest. we tried it out for the first time and hopefully can clean it up afterwards.
that competition left a lot to be desired, it did not give me all of the points i should have gotten. i referred multiple people, posted on facebook and twitter, sent out a ton of emails. only credited me for some(yes i know it was 24hrs for facebook, twitter and email). i would have been very close to at least being eligible for one bulb, possibly even the 4 pack.
yeay the competition has ended, 4 more bulbs from there :)
so close to bayonets, will you consider it if you miss the $400k by just a little? i've pledged for 20 but would much prefer in bayonet. so excited to get them. great product chaps!
@dustin - we've definitely been working on that lately! there are going to be many more music sync features coming out soon. :p @sierra - because of so much demand, we're definitely looking into that! and as for the multi-user, that is going to be possible, as well! @kristin - unfortunately, each bulb added has to be the kickstarter standard price of $45 for the br30 and $39 for the a19. all you have to do to add the bulbs to your order is just up your pledge the desired amount. :)
i pledged for a whole home upgrade, does this mean i will be able to add additional bulbs for $35 since that is what i'm paying per bulb? i need an additional few bulbs, but not another order of 10. thanks!
will you be adding pebble time support? also, will multiple people be able to use their phones with the bulbs?
i will be getting my second and third ilumi whenever these ship. i was wondering if the music sync feature will be updated to display different colors for each bulb like the hue. it would also be cool if you guys could add more variety to the music sync app, like more colors in the cycle, fading/brightening of the lights, etc.
@boris - wow! thank you and absolutely. when you setup your ilumi you pair and group at the same time. so you can control one, a group, or your whole house with a few taps. cheers! corey, team ilumi
is it possible to control separate groups of lights? i just pledged for 40(!) ilumi but i will need to be able to control them in groups. for example, one group would have bright white light and another group dimmed red or whatever.
@matt - yes you can! just add in the amount for all of the bulbs that you'd like to buy, and voila! you'll get them. :) @kieran - we're definitely looking into that! we're not completely sure as of yet, but stay tuned. :p
is it possible that a pebble app can be made too? :d
i see a lot of info regarding adding individual bulbs to pledges, but can i double my early bird combo pledge for 4x a19 and 2x br30?
@trogdor - don't we all? :) @peter - it would be best if you pledged now before the survey so that you know that you will receive the bulbs on time and will not have to possibly wait for your bulbs! if you would like to know how to add bulbs to your pledge, please read below in this comment. :) @berke - we'll reach out to you once the competition ends and we can figure out the shipping details from then.  @hamish - we have just recently started working with echo integration, but we can be sure that we will be able to do that and even more. :) @nimay - looks about right! are the two bulbs from the $69 a19 pack? @angelica - you can add bulbs to your base pledge by simply adjusting your pledge to however many bulbs that you would like. for example, if you have chosen the $39 a19 bulb, and have $6 shipping, all you have to do is add an extra $39 for the bulb on your pledge and once we send out the surveys, you'll be able to select the bulbs which you have pledged for. :) @frederick - thanks for reaching out! because of so much feedback, we are assessing homekit integration, but are not completely sure yet. stay tuned to find out!
will there be homekit integration?
i'm having a hard time adding additional bulbs to my base pledge. can someone explain how i can achieve this, please.
@creator i bought the a19 room pack and added + 2 bulbs, totalizing $244 including shipping cost ($35). is that alright?
will ilumi be able to work like this with the echo? https://www.youtube.com/watch…
how will the non backers will receive their award from your competition?
just curious if i have to add money to my pledge for extra bulbs now or can i do it later in a survey later? thanks!
@ilumi wonderful! i question my own sanity sometimes too... :p
@jaycee - that is a good idea, but at the moment we have no word for it just yet. we will definitely get back to you on that! @trogdor - yes we need a sanity check. :p but also, yes we will definitely have the bulbs delivered by the end of september this year. mostly everything is in order, now we just need to make a few more adjustments and voila! your bulbs will appear by the end of september. :)
hey ilumi, as quick as this goes, there even might be a chance to hit the 500k, any news on the surprise? it might help if people know what's in it for them ;)
@ilumi time for a sanity check :) -- you still feel you will deliver by end of sep 2015? i would not be so happy to get an update a month from now delaying....[yes, i know this is ks, i've backed a lot of things]....
@creator we are not requesting that bulb come with a different base, but rather being able to purchase adapters as an add-on during the final backer survey. other kickstarter projects do this for convenience of backers, so it's possible if it is something you are open to. @stephen for the best pricing and simplicity, you're better off backing a 2 pack of whichever bulb you prefer and pledging 5x the min pledge, plus shipping. it's slightly less expensive than the 4-pack option ($34.50/bulb vs $34.75).
@nimay - we're assessing apple music integration because it is definitely on our radar, but for the moment, we will keep you posted on that! going along with the $20 t-shirt, our kickstarter and the competition are two completely separate entities and we are unable to combine the two! @greg - we definitely will not be coming up with a hub any time soon, but we'll soon integrate with ifttt and nest so that our lights have the potential to be controlled using other smarthome products that have wifi! @michael - we definitely cannot wait to work with alexa! thanks to all of you guys that have helped us up to $300k, we are ecstatic to get echo integration into your hands! :) @kyle - definitely cannot wait to give you guys the bulbs! @jaycee and amir - unfortunately unless we get to $400k, we won't be able to implement anything with bayonet or candelabra styles because of manufacturing complications! fortunately, adapters can be found on amazon for a very low price! @razvan - a little birdie told us that another little birdie told them that windows 10 will be more compatible with android and apple apps, so hopefully, along with the sdk that we're going to send out, you will be able to control our bulbs through windows 10! :) @brady - the cost of shipping should be included with your pledge, which is why you're only allowed to pledge $75 on the $69 pledge, because shipping anywhere in the us is $6. if you have any more questions, please feel free to message us. :) @stephen - unfortunately, that is not one of our packages. but what we can do for you is you can pledge for 2 of the 4 packs, and add in two more of the same bulbs that we have on the standard kickstarter price, which would level up to about the same price on the whole home package. thanks to everyone who is supporting us, and woohoo! we can't wait to integrate with alexa soon. :)
is it possible to order the 10 pack but have all of one type of bulb instead of 5 of each?
@creator if i win a t-shirt in the ilumi fan contest, can i switch for a $20 descount in here? that would lead me to buying another bulb.
hey ilumi folks,  i noticed that when you try to pledge $69.00 for the 2 pack it will not let you continue to the next page unless you put in a pledge of $75 or more. this error also happens with the br30 bulbs pledge as well. (only wanted to pledge $69.00 but it doesn't let me)
guys, i know this is probably not a high priority right now, but considering windows 10 just launched, i think a universal windows 10 app would be a great idea! personally if i need to do something online i usually prefer my ultrabook, so it would be cool not to have to switch devices just to turn my lights on/off. congrats for achieving the $300k mark!
$300k*
$300 is here! congrats! :d
i'm also in need of some bayonet style adapters. would love if you could implement what @jaycee has suggested!
may i suggest including adaptors for candelabra and bayonet styles as add-ons in the backer survey (at a nominal extra cost)?  assuming this wouldn't delay shipping.
you've done an amazing job ilumi and the ilumi nation, just under $4,000 to go! can't wait to receive my ilumi bulbs :)
come on everyone a little over $8,000 to go for echo support. we can do this!!! "alexa... what do you think of ilumi?" "they're pretty great -- they always light up the room when they enter." can't wait!!!
would the bulbs be able to connect to a hub like wink (or something similar) to bridge the connection between bluetooth and the internet? using ifttt and other automation (including echo support, etc.) without needing the app/phone combination be in range would be incredibly useful...
@creator any plans for an apple music integration? a lot of iphone users have migrated from spotify to apple music.
@vj k - we're working on a lot of integrations right now, but works with nest and ifttt are the two that are confirmed. hopefully amazon echo here soon if we get to $300k!  @nimay - we will ship as a company, and we're not sure of the method quite yet as we're still looking at various options.  @david - great question! the ifttt integration works through the ilumi app. it does require that your device be within range and the ilumi app open in the background, but you don't have to have the phone unlocked or the app open in the foreground.  @yash - yes! that's perfect. thank you and welcome to the nation! @colin - thanks for the suggestion. trust us that we we are very excited and eager to get the new app redesign out as soon as possible, but we don't want to mislead folks on expectations. november is currently the expected date to publish the new app, but hopefully we'll be able to get it out sooner! thanks very much for your support nation. corey, team ilumi
you should make a stretch goal to have the app out when the bulbs ship.
i pledged 333 for two packs of the br30 4 pack bulbs. does that work? (159*2 +15 shipping)
i am curious how ifttt can connect to bulb with bluetooth? and how vacation mode works? timer? is this real life?
@creator ahh ok! and what about shipping methods? i'm asking because takes in my country depends 100% on shipping method, so i only can predict the final cost if i know the method... are you guys sending as a company or as a person? thanks for the answers.
hi, may be answered already ...  is it possible to use ilumi bulbs from any other automation systems?  and also to integrate with others like nest and etc ... ?
@b y - totally! just multiply your pledge by how many you need and add shipping. @chris - no problem and you are epic. really appreciate the support. you'll be able to adjust your pledge to all a19's in the backer survey.  @nimay - i don't think we'll get full clarity on actual international shipping costs until we actually ship. there's just so much variability for each country and region, so it's hard to predict. we are however still sourcing options for lower cost shipping and will 100% refund you though for any difference between what you paid and what it costs.  @jaycee - you make a good point! i'm definitely curious to hear what the ilumi nation prefers. just need to keep growing the campaign to get to $400k! thanks everyone! corey, team ilumi
hi! is it possible to get multiples of the 241 special 2-packs?
hello! quick question - i am one of the early backers for the 2 a19 and 1 br30 lights and have increased my pledge for another 7 a19's ($29 x 7) - however since my original pledge, i no longer have a need for the br30 lightbulb. would i be able to request another a19 instead please? i am not overly bothered about the extra $6 i will be paying extra by not getting the early bird a19 offer as this kickstarter project is epic! thanks!
any updates on international shipping costs or shipping method?
everyone requesting the bayonet option: while not ideal, you can purchase edison to bayonet adapters from hardware stores or amazon fairly cheaply.
@sunay pandya- you can definitely add the same amount to multiply the number of bulbs! at the very end of the kickstarter, we will send a survey to all of our backers asking how many bulbs they have ordered. thanks for asking!
i have the same question as vj k? can we add the same amount to multiply the number of bulbs?
@berke yazici- one of our features includes "circadian/wellness" where the lights will change to the intensity of your own circadian rhythm, as well as "rise and shine" which can be set at a specific time and is designed to wake you up within the time period that you provide. and you definitely can dim the colors through the app!  @tom cain- the old bulbs will pick up all of the abilities of the new bulb! no need to worry there, my friend. @martin joergensen- the bulbs will be able to communicate to each other because of our creation of the bluetooth mesh, which widens the distance greatly! @jeremy fisher- we have been getting a lot of feedback about homekit and at the moment are assessing integration. we can't commit as of right now, but stay tuned! @diana j. brodie- hope these new bulbs shed a little more light on your place, and thank you so much!
very excited for this. i grabbed 6 ilumis and am psyched to trick out my place. keep on, keeping on folks.
as home backer , i have question. i need more bulbs. as i already paid more than early bird ... but if i need extra bulbs , can i get the same price of 29 and 35 for both of them?  if that is the case i need more ... :)
any chance of apple homekit integration as a stretch goal?  sorry if this was already addressed
awesome project guys, it will push the big boys to do a better job. best of luck! i see it will use bluetooth. will multiple bulbs communicate with eachother to further the bluetooth range?
will the old bulbs pick up all of the newer capabilities of the new bulb and app?  if not, please delineate the differences.  thanks.
and also can i dim the light output via the phone app?
i am new in here, i don't know if this is asked or not here it goes, can i set a group of bulbs to turn down after a timer and wake me up slowly at the desired time?
woohoo! we reached our fist stretch goal of apple/android wear integration at $225k! anyone up for amazon echo? $75k to go!
i really hope you do offer a bayonet option, or at least an option to include adapters! i'm a bit reluctant to order otherwise because all my fixtures are bayonets.
will these fit in a gu10 track light socket?
@david batu- that is correct! all you have to do is add another $29 to your pledge! @chris- yes! there are plenty of lamps that can fit the br30 bulbs. the dimensions can be found in our faq if you would like to make sure that the br30 fits in your desired lamp. @david john thompson- we're sending out a survey at the end of the kickstarter where we ask for your shipping information, and there you can put in the address for your family in canada. as for the adding bulbs after our campaign, it would be better to add to your pledge now so that we may have the bulbs reserved for you and your family without a problem. i hope we shed a little bit of light to your questions. @edison wang- shipping only needs to be included once, so it should be all of the bulbs that you want, plus the price of shipping for one bulb.  thanks for your support, and if there are any more questions, feel free to message us!
i vote for "alt color." oh, and i'd rather have alexa support than any of the other stretch goals!!!! i think that's important for illumi too. hue and wemo have alexa support - so it will help you be competitive in the long run. i'm very excited to see my bulbs!!!
thanks for the response. when adding multiples, should shipping be included the same multiple as well?
can i send my pledge as a gift to family at home in canada? my pledge includes price of shipping to me in japan. better yet will we have a way to alter our pledge after the campaign to include more bulbs at great prices so we can share the light ? please illuminate me when you get the chance and share any other bright thoughts or flashes of inspiration.
is there a lamp that uses the br30 bulb? or anything i can purchase that would be able to use it?
hi creator, i am pledging early bird combo, is it correct that i just add  additional 29$ for additional a19 bulb?
if we're voting, my vote's for an alt color... i've got absolutely no use for a bayonet connection.
@robert, @jessie, & @brian - yes! we actually have a stretch goal for amazon echo integration if we get to $300k funding.  @diedrik - thank you for the support. we will send out a survey after the campaign where you can confirm any extra pledges @jay - that's correct. we'll get everything sorted out in the survey. @joe - pebble is also a great idea. it's been on our radar for a while, but we'll take a closer look to see if we can add it as a stretch goal.  @edison - yes! you can any multiple of rewards or other rewards by just adding them to your pledge. we'll sort it out afterwards with the survey. you'll need one of the early bird rewards though to access those reward levels. @diana - yes, since you snagged one of the early bird rewards already, you can add as many a19's at $29 as you'd like. thanks for the support!
quick question - i ordered 1 a19 for $29 but now is like to order a second. but now that reward is all gone. can i just add $29 to my pledge or do i have to add the more expensive reward of the same single bulb since the old "day 1" reward is gone?
is it possible to add additional packs?
please include some type of pebble support! help your fellow kickstarter!
@jessie i agree! i would love if these could work with echo.
is there any way that these bulbs can be modified to be compatible with amazon echo? i just cant live without my alexa, she spoils me too much.
i originally had the whole home upgrade package selected, but then i realized that br30s were not right for my setup.  i changed to the a19 room pack and added two more room packs (total 12 bulbs).  i think that once the project is concluded, we can indicate the extra packages in our surveys.
second try :) i backed the a19 room pack and i have added 109 to my pledge for the two (2) a19 smartbulbs and one (1) br30 flood smartbulb kickstarter special combo. is that ok? how will you know what i ordered extra?
hi i backed
hi, are you planning any integration with amazon echo?
@kevin hounsell- for customs value, you will be paying for the value that you paid, not the msrp value. @felipe cortinas- absolutely! both generations of ilumi will be able to be controlled with the new app as well as the old app without a problem.
i apologize if this has been asked before, but will the new app be able to control the original ilumi lights as well as these new and updates lights?
for customs value what will you be putting down the msrp? or the backed value we paid ? cheers
@joachim scholz - that's correct! @daniel sepe - we are taking down ideas for stretch goals, and this is one we've been considering for a while. as you've seen, there are some iffy things about homekit and we have to be absolutely sure we can deliver on it :) @pang tat - absolutely! all ilumi are dimmable through the mobile app @jeremiah albright - just sent you a message! to add additional units, you'll add in the additional cost for more units to your total pledge amount :) @earl stanley t. lazo  and @benjamin stitt  - we're definitely working on this! we want to find a better solution so we'll keep everyone posted. unfortunately, international shipping is terribly expensive but we can assure you we're aggressively trying to find a better option
hi: i just pledged for the four a19 pack and added another $39 for a fifth a19 - that should work, right? thanks.
i take back the homekit recommendation.  while neat, after reading this article on forbes (http://www.forbes.com/sites/aarontilley/2015/07/21/whats-the-hold-up-for-apples-homekit/) it looks like it might lead to an inferior product until the homekit technology is refined.
if it's not a feature already, as a stretch goal, it'd be cool if this product was made compatible with apple's homekit, so that the bulb can be controlled using siri.
can it provide dimming feature?
how can i buy more? right now i'm in for the $364 package but i would like 10 -15 more of the br-30s. when i go in to do additional orders it would not let me. please advise. thank you.
i backed this project because i think it's really cool but i really hope they can cut down on the shipping charges! it's almost as expensive as the item itself! :(
nice work guys - but will we know the postage costs before the end of the kickstarter campaign?  apologies if this question has already been asked - i know you're busy!
@bernat you got it! thanks for your support! - corey, team ilumi
if i selected the 35$, set 100$ for the backing value, does that automatically translates to two br30 with shipping to europe :)
@rachel booth yes, however, currently you'd only be able to use the default echo events on ifttt. we are looking into ways to be able to have more customization with echo in the near future. thank you! @david batu yes! we are adding a multi-user interface that will allow users to give other users access to their bulbs. it will be implemented in the new app coming out soon! thank you! @ryan day that's a very good question. currently, the experiences are able to be dimmed or brightened through the options but we are always looking for ways to add more customization to our app. i will pass that suggestion along to our development team. thank you! @rudyard kipling stone of course! everything should be compatible once the new bulbs and app are released. no worries! thank you! @ @edward burr  thank your for your message! currently, the only way to access the bulbs will be from the android/ios app, but with our api releasing soon, we expect the possibilities to be endless! however, i will pass the suggestion of an official pc/mac/linux application to our development team. thank you!  @minsc&boo thank you for your suggestions! we will be looking into all of them in order to provide a better experience for our backers.  @rodolfo duarte thank you for being with us! currently for international shipping to brazil, you will have to pay customs fees and the shipping cost. we are estimating that to be around $30 altogether. we are constantly striving to reduce the cost however, so stay tuned! again, thank you! @jon t we apologize for taking so long to answer your questions. we are trying nonstop to make sure everyone has their inquiries resolved. the minimum brightness will be about 5% of the max brightness. we hope that answers your question! thank you.
we're aware answering all of our questions is time consuming, but is there a reason you are not answering our private none pledged messages? i've seen several others hinting at not getting a direct response from you. anyway, the question i sent you the day of launch was, what is the lowest brightness level your bulbs will go down to? thank you
good afternoon. that's the first time i support kickstarter projects and i'm very concerned about with taxes and stuff. do you have any experience in shipping to brazil? customs here is really a pain in the ass and i'm afraid it will take a lot longer for me to receive the product / it's going to be a lot more expensive. thank you in advance.
@creator  some more feature requests: ability to control lights with rf tags so i can tap my phone and automatically turn on /off or switch to a programmed scheme. i second the suggestion to have the notification menu toggle. integration with sleep tracker apps like sleep for  android and ios's sleep cycle. hue has this feature which wakes you up with light at the best time in your sleep cycle without being late, instead of a specific set alarm  time. genius!
i know everyone has asked but i thought i'd just make sure. i pledged $98 for 2 a19 bulbs to the uk. is that correct? totally awesome project btw :)
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> please read this time!!! <<<<<<<<<<<<<<<  regarding this kickstarter  1) provide a technical diagram of the exact dimensions of a19 and br30. incompatible downlight cavities might work with br30, due to its cone (thinner > wider) design.   2) provide video tutorials. alphabetically sort steps into separate "how-to-do" videos (youtube). an 80 year old senior citizen should be able to use it without help. this is what you should be aiming for.   3) reduce customer dissatisfaction by providing forums (phpbb) and questionnaires (surveymonkey) on upcoming features. then periodically integrate popular new features back into the application. if this is too costly then make advanced features purchasable.  4) use backerkit.com to manage pledges outside of kickstarter.  5) be aware people use ipads/android tablets in horizontal mode. design accordingly.
any comment on being able to control from a bluetooh-capable pc/laptop/mac? windows/linux/(whatever the mac os is called now)?
will my new ilumi work with the old app? or will my old ilumi work with the new app? i'd like to be able to control all of my lights with the same app.
quick question, is there a way of calabrating the colours to compensate for different glass cavities like frosted flass and lamp shades, brown glass pendant etc. thus compensate to get the more accurate effect of "the rise & shine experience" etc. cheers ryan
@creator thanks for answering and glad to get the awesome updates.  one more question, sorry if this has been asked previously but can multi-user controlling the bulb? so my wife and myself has the freedom to control the bulb without her having to borrow my smartphone.
would ifttt integration allow these bulbs to be controlled by amazon echo, or would ilumi need to be wifi enabled in order for echo to "talk" to them?
@ david batu - the ifttt integration is currently in development. we'll be releasing a public sdk. and they're very secure - you have to login to the app using the same account in order to control the bulbs. since we use bluetooth, you can only control the bulbs with the device or account that is paired to the bulbs. through the music sync experience, the music from your device streams to the bulbs and changes colors to the beat of the music. @stefanie - thanks for sending the message. you should have a reply there as well. to answer your question, you should be able to pledge for multiple bulbs, you'll just enter your total pledge as the total sum of each reward you'd like to reserve. and you'll add just one shipping charge to the total pledge amoutn. @kyle miracle - totally understand. we'll certainly keep you posted and hope you're able to join in. otherwise, when we release for public sale definitely check us out :) @daniel sepe - the rise & shine experience would be applied to individual bulbs or as a group. if applied to a group then the experience will be the exact same for all bulbs in that group. if you'd like to achieve the different colors for individual bulbs, a new experience would be applied to each individual bulb.
in the "rise and shine" graphic you have on the campaign section of your project you show 6 different bulbs each with a different color to give a single overall color.  is that something that will happen automatically with 2 or more bulbs or will a person have to program each bulb separately to achieve that effect.
hi since you never replied to my message i'm gonna leave a comment with the same question in the hopes of you replying. i've backed the combo pack but would like more bulbs. can i add more bulbs to the combo pack for the early bird price (since the combo pack is limited as well) or would i have to pledge one individual bulb and then add more?
hi creator please answer my questions below: -is the integration with ifttt already done/finished or is it still in some kind or development?  -are the api will be open to public? how secure are the bulbs from my neighbour fooling around? -can the bulbs change color according to music, how?
hmm so tough, money's kinda tough for me and i already own par30s, if a black br30 stretch goal gets added then i'd be all in but i'm gonna have to think bout it. nonetheless great to see the company still growing and expanding :)
@zamir - thanks for the input on the bayonet style. more to come. @stephen - thanks for the support and welcome to the nation. we are working on lowering the shipping cost so it's more affordable and will let you and all backers know. essentially, though, we will refund the difference if we can ship to you for less. @kyle - so good to see your name back again! as of right now we are only offering in white, but another color could be a great stretch goal? also, par30 range is about 15 meters between bulbs but the br30 is about 50 meters. @colin - we don't recommend using ilumi with dimmer switches as some may have issues. it may likely work if the dimmer is on full power, but you'll need to use the app to dim and there may be humming. if you want to give it a shot and it doesn't work you could send them back for a refund. also, yes! you can combine multiple rewards and quantities together to get more and we will sort it out afterwards with the survey. corey
amazing product! couple questions/statements: -do these work on dimmer switches?  -if we pledge more (ie - 35 for flood bulb + 39 for a19) than the tier reward will your survey in the end be able to distinguish that?
also what is the range of the par30s?
so are the br30s available in black?
allready pledged $174 = a19 room pack. ill standby it..but $35 for the intl. shipping...come on ? i have other stuff to back =) i cant get it to show anything else than 35$ in the shipping cost. anyways a huge grats for a hugely nice product i think..looking forward to receive and spread the pr here in denmark. br stephan
hi am also wanting the bayonet version as am from uk.it would be great !!!
@manal - we're doing what we can to offer the best possible international shipping price. it's pretty expensive because the cost to us is expensive with customs and duties. we are working on it! @brandon yow - we hear ya! we're definitely looking at various options for our stretch goals, so stay tuned :) @peter - we are receiving quite a few requests for the bayonet caps, so i'm definitely taking down your vote for this. right now, there are adapters that you can get for a edison to bayonet that is at least helpful in the short term. @kyle miracle - the par30 and the br30 have a different body style. the brightness is the same, but the br30 runs up to 15 watts when the par30 runs up to 17 watts. the br30's diffuser spans the entire top of the bulb, and does not have the grated heatsink around the chassis. also, one major difference with the new ilumi is that we have increased the signal range up to 150 feet. @greg williams - our bulbs have an edison screw base, but you can use an e26/e27 style adapter for any bayonet style fixtures.
will the bulb include bayonets tops for those being shipped to uk?
can you tell me the specific differences in the new br30s and the old par30s?
putting another vote in for a bayonet cap version, for what it's worth. all your other uk buyers would thank you for it, as well as people in australia, india, ireland, and new zealand, as wikipedia tells me bayonets are more common in those countries too.
wifi and echo integration are a huge must!! i think you would sell a ton more with those two features! cheers!
would you please revise the international shipping cost 35$ :(
hey everyone, sorry for the mix up on shipping for the new a19. the us shipping has been updated to just $6. thanks! @calvin - that's a great suggested for a possible stretch goal. we'll take a look, but no promises yet! thanks for joining the nation! -corey
this has been asked before but i couldn’t find the answer... will there be a bayonet version? i’ve got 3x the original ilumi bulbs & it looks pretty ugly with a converter. bulb is good though, thanks.
hey folks, hope you all are enjoying the weekend. @adnim - yup, it's a universal power supply 100 - 240v 50/60 hz @david & @matthew - thanks for the support! can't wait to get ilumi in your hands! @mike & @eric - if you were able to get one of the early bird rewards, then you can add on additional quantities by adding the appropriate amount. we'll sort the details out in the survey after the campaign.  @bernat & @eric - still working on shipping! in short though, we don't want to collect any more from you then the actual shipping cost.  @chris - thanks for your support as a backer of the original ilumi smartbulb, and i'm glad you're asking questions! in short, we launched the 2nd generation new smartbulb on kickstarter to give back to the amazing crowd who first helped us launch ilumi, like yourself. and most importantly to continue to collaborate with the community and grow the nation at large. as @peter mentioned, all the new features, benefits, and integrations of the new app will be available with your original smartbulbs as well. if there's a specific feature you're awaiting, please let us know. that's the kind of stuff we want to hear! thanks, corey, ilumi
does ilumi work with 220v?
@joseph  must be a weird coincidence then, because i definitely did it thru kickstarter. thanks! boomer sooner
@daniel as long as you paid through the kickstarter website then you should not be charged until the project funding period ends. even then, kickstarter collects the funds, takes their cut, and then delivers the remainder to the project owner. that charge on your account most likely is fraudulent and that payment method likely compromised. gotta be careful out there!
i pledged $184 for 1 a19 early bird ($29 + $6 shipping) & four pack of a19 ($139 + $10 shipping). just want to make sure this is correct. thanks a bunch!
immediately after placing my pledge, i was contacted by fraud detection for charges of $0.00 and $1.00, to "hobby, toy, and game shops"... the hell is that? is that a distributor or something? not a real tech-like name for something cool like a smart bulb. i feel like i just hired someone, only to find out their email address being used to represent the business is something like ladiesman69@aol. can someone shed some light on this for me?
i just pledge for the 10 bulb set. gonna be sweet to have the whole house filled with these bulbs.
can i order two bulbs a19 ($58 reward)? how does that work?
@chris what have they not delivered on from the original project? i'm not trying to argue, i'm actually interested. you don't mentioned any specifics, you just talk about some new features - were these promised in the original campaign or mentioned later? also you might have missed this, but they've said the new app will work with the old ilumi and they'll be cross-compatible, so if they have delivered everything they said they would in the original campaign this is kind of a bonus?
got in for one 85w, with some cheaper shipping i'm thinking would probably upgrade to two.
cool, definitely interested in lower shipping prices to eu, like the shipping is the cost of the bulb.
hey ilumi nation. another huge thank you for all the support. it's been a whirlwind of a launch, and we're so excited for what's to come. we'll get you a detailed update tomorrow, but we love all of the great questions, feedback, and excitement, and it's only been two days! have a great night and talk to you more tomorrow. corey, team ilumi
question please. i just backed you and was looking for (3) a19 bulbs. so all i do is pledge $93 and you are going to know that i want 3 of the bulbs?  $29 (a19) x 3 = $87 + $6 (us shipping) = $93 thanks for your time. love the product.
i'm buying 2 br30s. i know that price is $70. what is the shipping cost in the us? is it $6 or $12?
id is to know a couple things as to why you guys have a new campaign. first off why?  you guys haven't even followed throw on your promises with your first campaign.  why not offer this low price to people who have supported you before this campaign?  why should anyone fund your campaign when you still haven't upgraded your last interface and last app?  i have four of your light bulbs and i'm pretty pissed that you guys are focusing on this shit over putting in the work to upgrade what you already have.  you've promised a couple new features and i have yet to see an improvement or even and app update.  why should anyone trust you guys?  i paid a premium for some premium lights and now you guys have dropped that? so that you can start this campaign? id like my money back then cause i was told there would be certain features that i have yet to see.  from my count this is the third version of your light bulbs. there could be more who knows. but i think it's a bunch of bs that you guys have another campaign when you guys already got funded the first time to start your company or what ever it is you needed to get off the ground.  i do not like this at all. i want everything you're promising here on the expensive ass lights i bought previously. update everything that your previous backers and previous supporters have already invested in. don't start a new project without completing your previous ones. not chill. unless your company tripled in growth to help improve all areas of your company, like upgrading your previous lights, then you shouldn't be asking for more money to produce these lights.
the last downlight you sold didn't fit my downlight cavity. i notice the br30 has a new design that is slimmer at the screw end and taller overall, so can you please put the light on its side and place a ruler on br30s screw end, count 3.5 inches, then tell me the diameter at that point please.
are they lighter weight than the first design?
my stretch goal request is software for windows and linux to allow control from a bluetooth-capable pc/laptop.
i really only need two a19 bulbs. is this possible without getting hit with shipping twice??
please add wifi feature!
if we pledge 60+ can is it possible to get 2 a19?
@creator  stretch goal requests: maybe i'm old school, but i'd like to have a remote (with a mountable cradle) to control the lights so that i don't always have to grab my phone and navigate to the app. i'd also like to see integration with amazon echo for voice control. control via an online portal would also be useful when i'm away from home, but the other two features are a higher priority for me.  thanks!!!
i'm ecstatic to hear you guys revamped the bulbs! i'm sure i will love them! now, i made a pledge for the $349 option, but i pledged double the amount as i wanted to receive 20 bulbs instead of 10. is this possible? just wanted to make sure as i would like a lot of them!
@trevor: we're really excited about the new ilumi not just for their aesthetic value and performance enhancements, but also for the new app that will accompany them.  not only will it unlock new features like night light that will let you shake your device to quickly turn off and on the lights, but it will also feature a cleaner and more intuitive ui.  the app will work with both 1st and 2nd generation ilumi, so you won't have to worry about cross compatibility issues.  hope that helps!
@niezbo: the bulbs follow the standard sizes for the a19 and br30 with an e26 screw base.  the a19 is 2.375 inches in diameter and 5 inches in height and the br30 is 3.75 inches x 5 inches.
@ilumi what are physical dimensions of the bulbs?
hello ilumi,  the first feature i'd like to request would be syncing to the beat of music. whether you're using my microphone or working with other app's apis, it'd be really sweet to run a party with color changing lights!
first feature that isn't a feature would be that hopefully it will be optimized for the iphone 6 & 6+ screen resolution! it's been almost a year and your current app looks ridiculous. the main feature you should add is an on/off toggle widget for the notification center pull down. phillip hue apps have been doing this for months now. if phillips could produce a blue then i would have jumped ship. your light bulbs are far superior. your app is embarrassing. i believe in you guys! don't let me down!!
hi guys, i assume we add the correct amount on a bundle of indiviudual bulb pledges (in my case 2x a19s @ $29 each + $20 shipping to the uk = $78) and pledge that amount and then once the survey gets sent we tell you we've pledge for those bulbs knowing the cost is covered?
did not see this mentioned anywhere: i assume that ilumi will work with 220v?
will my new ilumi work with the old app? or will my old ilumi work with the new app? i'd like to be able to control all of my lights with the same app.
@zamir: hey zamir, you can edit your own pledge amount, but we can't make any alterations on our end.  4 a19s and 4 br30s would be $256 before shipping.  thanks!
@chris_wright:  yep, you've got it!  thanks for your support!
is there any chance the bulbs will be available in a bayonet mount rather than an edison screw for uk users?
sorry 4xa19 and want 4x br30s thanks
hi just backed for pack of a19 and ant a pack of b30 .. how much do i add please
also it'd be nice to here the differences between the par30 model and the br30, like if the new model gives offers heat, uses less electricity, etc or is it identical to the par30 just different design? i figure the new app will improve the par30 as far as the features go and such if i'm right.
just backed for 4 br30s. as an original backer last year for 4 par30s (which all sadly broke after a month cause i got a bad batch but the fantastic support team at ilumi replaced all for free? i was wondering if they'd be a black version of the br30s as they were with the par30s?
i backed for 4 a19 (29x4=116) and one br30 (35) plus 1 us shipping (6) for total of $157 pledge based on my understanding from reading the comments.  if this isn't correct please let me know.
great looking kickstarter.. have backed, but very much hoping shipping to the netherlands will be reduced.. you've heard it all before, but it's crazy steep! good luck with the full funding tough!
hey ilumi nation, even though we are so amped from such a successful first day we are heading off to bed now.  if you have questions check the faq or we will get back to you in the morning. hope to wake up to see ilumi funded in the first 24 hours! thanks for your amazing support. team ilumi
hey thien! you'll have to check shipping by region. if you take advantage of the early bird br30 you're correct just pledge 70 plus your shipping! thanks
i want to get 2 br30s which is $70. what is the total shipping for this?
@minsc&boo- you won't need to pay an additional $35 in shipping charges for each bulb, just once will do!
in regards to additional lights on top of a pledge: for each additional bulb will i have to pay $35 extra postage (australia). current understanding: breakdown of 2 down-lights from early bird tier total: $140 $35 (1 downlight) + $35 (shipping) + $35 (1 downlight) + $35 (shipping)
@edward- ilumi features both group and individual control, so you can adjust the color/brightness and either the group level (multiple ilumi) or at the individual level! our bluetooth mesh allows the bulbs to communicate with each other. for example, if you have an ilumi that's outside standard bluetooth range (now 150 ft.), having another ilumi in between can allow for communication with the bulb that is out of range.
@lynnese- edward is correct, simply pay the additional amount necessary to cover each additional unit/reward that you would like, and the rest will be sorted out via survey!
"the app uses bluetooth wireless communication to send color changing commands to the ilumi which gets propagated through the patented bluetooth mesh." can you control individual bulbs if you want them different colors, or does this mean they all change to the same color simultaneously?
@lynese, you can only pledge for one reward. anything additional (assuming the creator agrees, and this one has), you add the amount of the additional to your pledge amount (by the manage your pledge button and typing the amount in). at the end of the campaign, the creator sends a survey, and you tell them what additional items you ordered for the extra amount that you pledged.
i'm not able to order multiple awards even after logging out. each time i close the app and go back in, i'm only given the option to manage my pledge and not order add'l rewards. anyone have a suggestion? tia!
do you have a device that we can use to control led strip lights with your app. would be great to control the complete house, including my kitchen cabinet lights, with your app. does ilumi work with jucebox?
we hit $30,000!!!!!! https://youtu.be/4ebnb2dn3yg
@joshua_barta thanks for your questions! 1) there will be a sdk released for third party developers and an api that will allow for other services to integrate with the ilumi in mobile and desktop environments including the use of ifttt technology. 2) the color temperature range of the ilumi is 2000k to 8000k in white. 3) the app uses bluetooth wireless communication to send color changing commands to the ilumi which gets propagated through the patented bluetooth mesh.  there may be a slight delay when updating a very large number of bulbs simultaneously across a large area.  however, with the increased range of the next generation bulbs and the optimized network communication, the ilumi will seem to respond at the speed of light! hope that helps and we appreciate your support!
hey ilumi nation! we hear you loud and clear on international shipping charges. in the past shipping from the us to europe and asia has proved extremely expensive. however, we are doing some thorough analysis around other shipping options and methods that we may be able to use to reduce the shipping cost. either during the campaign or afterwards, we promise to be completely transparent with shipping costs and to try and find a more economical solution. if we are able to find a lower cost, we'll refund you the difference. if it ends up being too much for you to stomach later, we'll refund your reward. for now, we don't want you to lose out on getting in early. keep letting us know which countries you're interested in shipping to, and we'll continue to keep you posted about updates to international shipping. thanks! corey
$30 shipping to sweden is kind of steep...
1) can you go into more detail on plans for integration? will there be an api or sdk for third party developers? if so, would it only be compatible with phones, or could the api be utilized by a service running on a pc? would it allow direct communication with the bulbs, or would communication have to go through ilumi's website or a service like ifttt? 2) what is the color temperature range for white mode? 3) how quickly can the bulbs change colors?
hope i did this right. first i pledged for the early bird combo times 10. $950 for 20 and 10 bulbs. then i realized it's better not to go for the early bird. pledged whole house times 2. $698 for 20 and 10 bulbs. a savings of $252. hurray.
hey ilumi nation. we sent out a campaign update, but just a heads up we'll be hosting a periscope feed @ilumisolutions today at 4 pm cst. check out the new bulbs, ask questions, and have fun!
@scot, $70 could cover 2 new ilumi models depending on what country you're shipping to.  luckily we're offering a flat shipping rate per pledge, so figuring out the total cost is simple!
hi @nirav, if you want to mix and match the different early bird prices, then input the total amount for that order plus shipping.  so 2 a19s would be $58, 2 br30s would be $70 and one of each would be $64.  after that, just include the shipping costs for your country!
@nirav depends which bulb you want. currently i have pledged the (bulb price) times however many you want, plus shipping cost times 1. if it really is only $6 to some places, there really might be a limit to how many you can get before shipping increases.
for multiples, should i multiply $29 by number of bulbs or $35 by number of bulbs? if wants two, is it $64 or $70?
ilumi solutions: as recent as last month i pledged for three smart light bulbs on another campaign and paid 16 dollars for shipping from the us to denmark, that should give you an indication of what is possible.
i put in $70 for the single deal so i can get 2, will that work? thanks! i'm loving my original ilumi & look forward to gen 2!
@john the new bulbs are backwards compatible according to this article on cnet: http://www.cnet.com/products/ilumi-bluetooth-led-bulb-2015/ "if you've already bought in, don't worry -- the first gen bulbs will work alongside the new ones, and will receive all of the new features and integrations by way of an app overhaul due in november. "
@creator  as an owner of the amazon echo, i'd love to see some type of integration so that i could control the bulbs via voice commands. also, is there a wall switch that can be used for simple on/off of a set of bulbs? i would rather not have to pull out my phone and navigate to an app for that.
@creator  i multiplied my pledge by the number of bulbs that i want and added $6 for shipping. is there a way to find out the actual shipping charge for a multiple bulb order? i don't want to be hit with $48 in shipping costs for 8 bulbs at the project end.
ilumi solutions: any news on the shipping costs? there are people living in other countries than us and uk. how can it be that this is your second campaign with light bulbs and you still haven't figured out how much it costs to ship you light bulbs? shipping a single light bulb should be much more than 10 or 15 dollars.
@john, just a few comments down they said it was ok for you to multipy your pledge for more bulbs.
@creator - echoing what @edward pointed out..
@creator - hey cory - are these bulbs compatible with the originals? also, i'd back for more than one a19 at $29 if you made a "pack" available....
p.s. just went to change my pledge and saw that you adjusted the shipping price to the uk. thank you. i can have them shipped there, to my parents house, but i am actually in austria so if you're able to ship there for the same price that would be preferable.
hi guys. thanks for the reply. cool, is that ok with you? nice one. if i pledge for the early bird of one, can i then add the early bird of the other type to add those on too?
lars, i know, i'm complaining about kickstarter as well as not having the reward i would really like  :)
marika: that is how kickstarter works, you can only select one reward.
i would have wanted to combine two rewards but it won't let me pick more than one.
can't wait for new #ilumi
also, why is it $29 for 1 bulb and $34.75 each for a 4 bulb pack ($139)? that's not very encouraging for those of us who want more than one bulb. :(
ilumi solutions: if you click on the user name for a comment you will be shown the profile and that will show where the user is located. darius zaerin is located in london uk and i am located in odense denmark.
have you considered a windows or linux version of the control app for a bluetooth capable pc or laptop? i would love to be able to control the lights and colors from my pc instead of my phone.
and we're off! so pumped to get this campaign started. @darius & @lars - we just adjusted down where we could now, but we can't adjust when there's an existing pledge. where are you located? unfortunately, international shipping is expensive and we didn't add every country.  also, if you want to take advantage of the early bird price for multiples, just multiply your pledge by the number of bulbs you want! we'll handle everything else afterwards with the survey.
hey guys. i really like the product, but shipping costs are pretty crazy high. there is a very useful and unbias blog about it from a funded kickstarter campaigner out there, but i can't find it at the moment unfortunately. still, lots of other info sources out there too by the looks of it, and even specialist services geared towards kickstarter fulfillment. anyway, if its going to stay the way it is, would you consider making larger early bird pledges available? i'd like 5+ or so bulbs, but the early birds are the best value even when compared to the really big pledges...which are more than i can afford. would be great if you had a more middle of the road deal. :-)
ilumi solutions: are you part of a competition about who can present the highest shipping costs? $30 for a light bulb.
