the hunter has arrived and been tested (wore it to work today - it rained): all good! i love the color and the quality and the sleeves fit me well. i also have the perfect matching scarf... thank you, mia melon! one pleased customer here!
my coat hasnt arrived... i was asked to pay for shipping twice... paid for it once, replied to the second with the transaction details... followed up with a third email. no response :(
my coat has arrived here in rainy wales, uk, but the royal mail are holding it until i pay an extortionate customs fee of £21.69.  this most definitely was not a payment i had planned and has taken a shine off receiving the coat, and i'd been really looking forward to getting it too :(
got mine yesterday -- just in time for the rain! thanks!
i received my provocateur jacket today and love it! beautifully made. thank you!
received mine, just in time for return in ireland, love it ! :-)
still waiting on my jacket and haven't received a response from customer service requesting a tracking number/eta.
my hunter coat arrived and it is gorgeous! fits perfectly, except the sleeves are crazy long; i measured them at six inches too long.  i'm fairly short at 5'3", but even then six inches seems a bit excessive.  i will have them shortened because i love the coat.
hello everyone! our warehouse has been super busy trying to get to each and every one of your orders! please expect to see your coats any day now for usa and canada and within the next two weeks for international orders. thanks everyone for your patience and we look forward to all of you receiving your coats very soon! should anyone like a tracking number or have any other questions about your order, please feel free to email me at customerservice@miamelon.com all the best to all of you! tanya mia melon
will we be receiving a tracking number for our jackets?  i'm so eager to try it on !!
hi - been two weeks since receiving the happy email that the coats were shipping "as you spoke" - it is now really cold and rainy here in mn and i was so hoping to see my coat by now (oct. 2) - any updates? thanks.
gosh, i wish i had my hunter now. the weather has shifted to rainy autumn here and i need it! :)
greetings todd - i am also very concerned about my previous size choice in the provocateur now that i've seen the latest size chart on your site - it changed again and i would have to say i'm now a medium, not an xl!  that size would be gargantuan on me.  is there any way that you can reassure me that i'll get the right size provocateur coat in october?  i am 37 bust 30 waist 41 hip. that was once list xl but is now closer to m!  please let me know...and thanks!  i'm really excited about this coat!
hey kathleen, the code is mmksty and valid until june 15th. take advantage!! -team mm
a discount code for your shop? when did you send out a discount code? i can't find it and would love to get some bargains in your online shop. thanks!
hello! already emailed you and wrote a private message but get no answer.. i need to change the size of my wanderer jacket, not l but m.. thanks!
hello, like many others, i'd like to change the size of my order. please change the xl to l (colour &style remain the same). i have sent a direct message regarding this matter already. thanks : )
i'd also like to change size after seeing the coat size chart, from a medium to a small.  i tried to update my survey response, but it wouldn't let me change size, just my address.  i also sent you a message directly.  let me know if i need to do anything else.  thanks!
hello! now that i've seen the coat size chart i will need to change the size that i picked in the survey. i went by measurements on the mia melon website. i need to go to medium or large from extra large. how can i change it? so stoked to get my coat when it's ready! :)
i also need to make a size change in the survey.
i too need to change my survey size based on the email. the survey won't let me change size, but i need it in a medium now, not an xl. cheers :)
i just saw today's email about sizes which are very different from  those first posted in the kickstarter site - i need to change my jacket size to large from xl.  can i please do that?  otherwise the coat will be way, way too big! all else is fine - thank you.
if i did the 180 cad pledge am i only getting the jacket and pin? if so how do i get the shirt as well? thanks!!
hello stephanie - feel free to email us your measurements as well as the jacket(s) you have in mind. we can help you figure out which size will work best. the jackets are cut to be more fitted and flattering, but there has been extra space added to the body measurements to allow for layering and movement. contact us at customerservice@miamelon.com thanks! -team mia melon
any advice on whether to go for the smaller or bigger coat if i am in-between sizes?
great!  ... and congrats!!
hi jillian, you will be emailed a survey requesting the necessary info hopefully on monday. thanks, todd
hi todd & co -- perhaps i missed something but i didn't see where/how to tell you color and size.  also, will we get a chance to confirm the delivery address?
thanks semaphore, i understand what you are suggesting. we also have 4x the volume in wholesale orders that show us what is popular. thanks, todd
sorry todd, i understand what you're saying. i was just suggesting maybe these aren't the two most popular styles for 2xl sizes, and perhaps one or more of the others would see a higher demand when equally considered.
hi semaphore, nobody seems to the understand the development cost, extra fabric cost, and the minimum production amounts for 2xl. mia melon barely has sold xl,s in the past. we have 60 2xl's coming in two styles. we need more funding and more customers to expand from there. the costs of all the coats also go up when you add more larger sizes. when we grow, we will add more sizes in more styles to cover the demand. this is a funding campaign. thanks, todd
i can't speak for everyone, but i know i'd prefer to have the 2xl size option for all coats. i'm in the 4 coat tier. however, i must point out that when i chose this option there were two more colour options than there are now, and the size chart wasn't posted. normally a size large is almost too big on me, so learning that i'll have to go up two sizes or take a chance is a surprise. i'd really love for the journey to be made available in 2xl, as that is the one most likely to have a thick sweater under it. cheers,  crystal
hey todd, i'm assuming you're basing that on how many people chose the specific style options? i think those are substantially swayed by the wanderer and provocateur being the cheapest options. if you include the 100 people who got early birds, and 50 who has the 3 or 4 cloak bundles, i don't think the picture would be the same - since people would be paying the same whether they chose the $200 options or the $225 ones. although there isn't too much time left, may i suggest doing a survey (possibly via google drive) and checking the interest for 2xl sizes amongst all backers first, before sending out the kickstarter survey? presumably, you'd have a week or so to kill while waiting for the payments to be processed anyway.
hi crystal, at this time there is only enough demand and funding to add 2xl to our two most popular styles the provocateur and the wanderer. hopefully with growth we will be able to expand the range and sizes. thanks, todd
are all the coats available in size 2xl, or is it still just the two mentioned in a previous update?
hi wendy, there are three color choices and they are on the site 2/3rds down. when the campaign is over we will be sending a survey with measurements, colors, sizes and request for a shipping location. thanks, todd
lovely coats. best wishes for your project.  i've pledged for a wanderer coat, wondered if we will have a choice of colour (the 3 in the range of this jacket) and if so will that be made clear, as yet i have not seen a place to do that on your site.  thanks  wm
can you add a blue option for the nomad jacket?
hi, how do we put in for our size and color?  i haven't gotten an e-mail requesting the information.  i would like the hunter in brown, in a size small.  if you're planning on sending out some type of form request you can delete this.  looking forward to getting my jacket!
i would be very interested in the hunter in brown (that's my first choice).
hello, i like the colours for the journey best (green-blue and burgundy). but i prefer to have the wanderer and the nomad. (the journey seems to be a winter jacket?) do you see the possibility to get them in these colours too? best regards angelika
thank you for the info, i really appreciate it. i had been considering getting the nomad in brown and the journey in green for my mom and mother-in-law, as a christmas present,  so having time to make a different choice is a great help! thanks. :)
hi is it possible to have side pockets on the hunter? - having those, in conjunction with the vertical pockets, would be ideal (nobody wants water in their pockets if walking on the rain while trying to keep their hands warm) great job with the collection!
hi crystal, once we see our wholesale numbers and the numbers from kickstarter we place our production. there was a fabric shortage for the journey in hunter green. there maybe enough interest to add brown to the hunter jacket. the journey coat is insulated and is warm enough to -20 celsius. the coats in general are warmer than they look because they are windproof. layered with a sweater they should be good to -10 celsius. as we grow we will add more product.thanks, todd
i appreciate the colour update, but there's two that are missing. the brown for the hunter and nomad, and olive green for journey. these coats look perfect for spring, fall, and summer nights, but definitely not ideal for our lovely canadian winters. do you have any plans for a future winter fashion project?
excited about the rewards coming a little earlier!!  regarding the colors- i'm curious about a possibility of the wanderer coat ( it's the reward i personally picked) being available in navy?  i must have misunderstood the video because i thought it said that all the coats for the kickstarter backers will be available in a navy color... i understand if it's not possible. i'm so excited i found out about these coats!!!
these coats are absolutely gorgeous - can't wait to get mine just in time for winter! great project :)
thank you. is there a possibility of the burgundy colour being available this run? it's one of my favourites. :)
we apologize for the confusion with the fur hood colours. please look at the blue coat as a reference to how the fur will be. we are sourcing an off-white faux fur trim - not pure white as the burgundy picture shows. -team mm
the size we are adding so far to the wanderer and provocateur styles is 2xl. the approximate measurements for it are: bust - 40-42" waist - 35-37" hip - 44-46"  these are just approximate for now, as we have not finalized our production yet. we will have a better idea once we have the samples in this size made up. hope this info helps!  -team mm
what colour is the fur on the hood for journey? in one picture it looks white, but in the other it's different. thanks.
hello, soooo excited to get my jacket. any chance the hunter will be available in blue?? please!!!!
we've now got back views in both the nomad and hunter styles! thanks for all your patience :) -team mia melon
jessica - we added the washing instructions to the faq's -- in case you missed them: light machine wash, light detergent, zippers done up. do not dry clean. thanks for the comment!
congratulations! i'm so happy for you.
what are the laundering instructions for these coats? can they still be dry-cleaned or will that mess up the heat treatment that makes the coats waterproof?
we have now added a size chart in centimetres as well :) -team mia melon
way to go todd and tanya!!!
what are the chances of a women's 2xl being added?  that xl seems on the small end, especially for a coat that will be a layer over winter clothing.
@ todd. thank you and congratulations!
info on the closures of the hunter and nomad coats: hunter has a zipper closure. there is a hidden snap button at the collar and down at the bottom hem to keep the flap closed. the belt (as well as the zipper) close up the middle area of the jacket.  nomad has a zipper closure. there is one hidden snap button at the collar, and 2 at the bottom hem.
yay! so close now!
hello, may i know how does this fare well during winter? does it provides adequate warmth and coverage pretty well? especially for low temperatures? cause i'm thinking if so, i would have to probably get one size bigger than i usually wear, to layer clothes underneath it.
is there any chance of the wanderer being available in the lovely rust colour like in the photos?
thank you for the new pictures! and yay for internalized pockets on the hunter! much more practical in the rain, for sure. ;)  another question about the hunter and nomad: what kind of buttoning systems do they have? i'm guessing zipper on the nomad, but are there hidden buttons below the belt on the hunter? or are the visible buttons and the belt it? and, before your front page gets too crowded: can i suggest that you make updates that showcase each model's unique features? (you could link them up from the front page.)
hurray - the other views of the hunter and nomad jackets are now posted! also, see the colour swatches at the bottom of the campaign :) thanks for all the feedback!
hey todd, will we also get the side/back view of the other two styles? thanks.
hi chi-hime, there are 5 coats to chose from as of now. we are confirming production as we speak. let's hope there are two hundred more out there that will also love this project! then we will all be happy. thanks chi-hime
hi, i have a question here. i'm an early bird. so i was wondering when you wrote that we could pick any coat/jacket we want, you mean we can pick any three styles choice you have, right? thank you. love the project
wow! what an amazing early afternoon. i really appreciate the feedback you guys have given us and thanks for your pledges. we will continue to work hard and to provide edits and updates that will help others make a good choice. thanks, todd
and congrats on making it onto the kickstarter email :d
just a thought - you might want to consider posting an update too when you're doing edits in the future. i think people might be more likely to notice that there's new activity that way?
i agree with tim on the size guide and the extra pictures. thank you!
looking good! fingers well and truly crossed now. i'll just keeping pimping you daily on fb and twitter. the size guide is going to help loads. and all the extra pictures look great!
thanks for your suggestions tim. we did a fairly large edit and well received update on friday. time to get really busy now as we are behind.
that's a great start, but honestly, you need activity happening on your project page. i've been posting links on facebook and twitter for the last week, but you also need to keep people looking here. early sketches, mood boards, colour swatches, other websites where you have been promoting yourself. try posting a different type of update every couple of days.  the more activity on your project page, the more likely it is to appear among kickstarter's promoted projects.  i've backed a few projects now and the successful ones are always the ones with the most updates. which leads to early funding, stretch goals, etc...
thanks tim and semaphore for your helpful feedback. we are planning an update stating that we will guarantee 100% customer satisfaction and exchanges/returns are welcome if needed. we have some of the best women's boutiques already stocking this product. our rewards are for fall 14 designs and still need to be fitted before production. we were going to include the measurements with the survey but maybe if we finish them sooner we can add them to our platform.
or show the coats from different angles - there's not enough to show people how these look i'd say. plus activity in general would be nice; i think even posting the measurements for those sizes would help.
this may sound obvious, but please can you post more updates? pictures, designs, early roughs, poems, anything...  updates increase the visibility of the project within kickstarter, helping boost the interest.  best wishes, tim
hi marmael, i am really happy  with anyone wanting to help us. they are also base out seattle, vancouver's sister city so they are close to us. i will explore your suggestion. thanks, todd
hi. besides becoming a backer here, just minutes ago, i'm also a backer of the "iva jean: functional style for women" campaign, and it seems to me that you two target a similar audience: women who want to be fashionable and active outdoors. perhaps you could get in contact and see if you can boost each-other's campaigns with mutual recommendations or similar? i'm sure you both (and us backers, with the success of your respective campaigns) would benefit. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/anndeotte/iva-jean-functional-style-for-women (and i hope that you are okay with this comment here.)
