hello, i just tried to download the pdf at this url  http://morbidanatomymuseum.org/electronic_epub/ but it says it's no longer available. the other's seem fine, but the pdf is not.
any update on the digital copy?
hi anyone with questions about their anthology status please e-mail erica@morbidanatomymuseum.org
i haven't received my book either. (i'm in germany ftr)
still no book for me in sweden, should i be worried?
it's here, it's beautiful (mine wasn't damaged at all). thanks!
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
i just got mine in the mail and i cannot wait to read it! thank you so much for putting out this book!
hey everyone, if your copy was damaged or didn't arrive in good condition, please email me at colin@morbidanatomymuseum.org so we can see about getting you a replacement copy. thanks!
hi guys, my book arrived here in england today and i have to tell you how much i love it, it far exceeds my expectations!!! as others have said corners were a little beat up but its not that bad and its come along way! look forward to seeing what's next for you guys
got my book here in ireland today the shipping of the book need to be looked at ..mine is damaged in one corner  it should have been wrapped in cardboard or something to protected it  book looks great inside thanks
received mine today in newcastle australia
got my copy today in scotland. book looks gorgeous. really looking forward to getting stuck into it. thank you!
hello: i agree with everyone else that the book looks fantastic, however, all 8 corners of mine are bent or bashed because you shipped it in a flimsy mailer, rather that a box. i have backed several book projects, and everyone else shipped in a sturdy container, so book collectors, like me, would receive a perfect copy, i am somewhat stunned that you would go to such great lengths to produce a very nice book and just send it in a bubble mailer. consider me happy, but very disappointed at the same time.... chris
wow, i'm impressed, received mine a couple of days ago. it is a wonderful book with truly superb production values. thanks! well worth the wait!
got mine..  looks beautiful...    texas too...:) thanks
i got my copy today. i'm in texas.
got it! love it!  congratulations on a great project well fulfilled.
congratulations!
the book looks amazing!  congratulations colin and joanna!  i'm looking forward to receiving my copy!
for updates http://morbidanatomy.blogspot.de/
any updates???
crickets chirping...
it is early february now! shipping time? :) really looking forward to the book.
any updates on this? feels like the book has taken a while to form, hopefully it's a good product.
are we still looking at a february shipping date?
no worries, john!
hi guys, it's a fab project and close to my heart, i'm really looking forward to receiving my copy. i realise the amount of research work and time invested and it's great to be a part of the project. i wasn't complaining about a $1, per se and i may have got out of the wrong side of the bed that day. :)
hi john--the book is normally $30 through the website, but we're having a holiday sale through wednesday, which is why they're currently lower than the kickstarter price...
are you really complaining for 1$? so far i am excited and proud of the work that colin and johanna have done so far. 25$ for a 500 page book with color images is a bargain, especially considering the unique content. let's just wait for a bit, nobody will be disappointed at the end.
hmmm, the book cheaper on the morbid anatomy website.....
no one is more excited to get this shipped to you as we are! we have worked as hard as we can to make this happen, but we also want it not to be a rushed job, but something fabulous that's worth the investment and faith that you all made in us. and we really do think it'll be a marvel to stand the test of time.
may 2013 was  a long time ago..  what is it with ks projects..  they all seem to never deliver or deliver very late..   no accountability..  ks is going to go out of business if things dont change.
hi margaret--we're hoping, if all goes well with the printer, to start shipping the book in february. we can't wait either!
any up dates when the book will be sent out?...can't wait for the real thing...should be wonderful! thanks
now on february 2013 we have our books a long time ago, we will see next year what happend
looking forward to the updates on this one as well guys.
i have not received my morbid anthology book, is there a problem?
i think we should have big news next week....
progress?
please update a bit more often! i do trust that you do everything as fast as possible without loosing quality, but i would very much appreciate an update/month just to feel that i get some attention:) it would also be lovely to get the book in time for christmas, do you thin that's possible?
any update?
agree with esteban - easier to let us know and keep updating than require us to constantly nudge.  that's annoying on all sides- we gave you money, we ask for communication, its not that hard.  delays are fine, but not in silence.
any news with the project? i read the last update posted on june 10th but it doesn't say anything too "concrete" about a possible date and i'm just curious since the original release date was may 2013. i'm not pushing because i do believe that as long as we get a quality product the wait is worth it but i think that we have a lack of communication on this matter; if possible it would be great to have more regular updates and that would greatly improve the project's experience. keep up the good work.
sorry for the delay--just posted an update!
no update for two months?? is this project dead?
over 20 days without any word? i'd love an update please. :) and i'd love my postcard. :(
don't wait- please update!
should have an update in, like, a week or so--we're working on it, but want to get to a good place first! it'll be a good update...
any updates?
got my postcard to poland some time ago, it looks great! can't wait for the whole book to come.
love the i shall not think bad thoughts book - thanks for that!  any updates on the regular book - can you/will you share more on the progress - the comps/sneak peeks - we're here because we're interested!
received my postcard in italy, my grandma was shocked :)
got my postcard yesterday, it was purfect. cant wait to see the rest of this come together.
yes--update posted!
anything?
updates???
i just put in my address, but could you please mail my stuff after february 1?  (laurel paley)
hi tom--yes, the book will be hardcover! not exactly sure on the page numbers,, but i'm guessing somewhere between 300 and 400? that's a super rough estimate, based on the individual lengths of each of our contributors' pieces.
funded! well done guys :)
so excited about this project--can't wait to see the finished book! :-d
hi, is there anywhere mentioned how many pages the book will have? and is the 25 dollar pledge soft or hardcover? if hardcover isnt 5 dollar for shipping  a bit low?
just sent out our first update! sorry it took so long--we ate too much turkey or something...
you guys have done well, are we going to hear from you?
stretch goals!  we need them!
any updates?
yup, i'm in. i love the werid and strange...
being into the macabre from an early age i've always wanted this kind of book, only there aren't many book stores around here that stock that kind of thing. i guess you could call it morbid curiosity, so i'm really excited to see the final product.
i've been a fan of morbid anatomy for a long time now.  i'm sure you all will create a beautiful book!  can't wait to see it!
i'm really really excited to see how this book turns out!! it sounds really amazingly cool!
