the dvd and cassette package just arrived here in the uk! i've backed a few projects on kickstarter over the years, but this project is easily the best yet. great, from start to finish. thank you.
i got an xl instead of a xxl. are you guys out of shirts?  is there any way to pay more for a hat?  just want something i can wear. i looked for a contact to email but no luck. regardless, the box came out dope. happy to have been a part of it.
just got my stuff, thank you stretch and bob!!!!!!!
hey. just wondering if anytime soon we will be getting a survey for sizing for those of us who pledged for $100 for the dvd & t-shirt combo?
hey stretch & bobbay wanted to ask when the peeps who pledged for an original tape from the boards are roughly going to get their tape? pz d.
hey guys. last email update on nov 29 said that people who pledged $50 with no dvd will get a package soon, and that those that did $75 will get their dvd in feb. but what about those like us, who pledged $50 with the dvd gift? something’s not right.
just had a mail from bobbito himself to sort out the tape situation - hopefully arriving soon.
not received my cassette either apparently was sent weeks ago, anyone received theirs yet?
i pledged $50 but have not received my cassette. i responded to survey & got a confirmation my survey information was received on oct 21,2015.  the confirmation of survey receipt did contain my correct address. i did get an email /w digital link to download the film.
your email said to notify you if we haven't received our awards - i didn't get my tape yet. thanks.
i still haven't received my tape. who do i get ahold of and how?
i can't seem to find any link / code to download the fil-um even in my spam folder.  sup yo?
never mind found the right email in spams and therefore couldn't see it another day and it would have be gone..to the trash...pfiiuuuu p.s.s till waiting on the phone call for my bday though ahahaha
i know it's a late call but just want to enjoy the film i was in the 200$ pledge, my bday is the 17th dec, i can wait for the phone call.... cheers ahahaháhah
true to form these stand up legends answered right away.  so to all those wondering if you got dvd or something else that said december timeline you will receive survey closer to that time, but we should be getting digital link tomm!  can't wait!  thanks fellas! stretchandbobbito says: hey jacob! saw your comment. your free digital download will be shared with you tomorrow october 20. the dvd, as originally outlined in the campaign details, will not be fulfilled until december. we won't send out surveys for addresses, etc. to backers receiving the dvd reward until closer to delivery (peoples addresses change so best to collect right before sharing). hope that answers your question :)
has anyone got survey or email yet asking for our address/preferences that was on the last "update" from october 9?  it said in the coming days so that could mean a few or a month obviously just wanted to see if anyone else got one.  can't wait to see this gem!
packages say 14 days before digital release and digital release which is october 22nd on through vimeo so if that holds up we should get it thursday october 8th, but they're also super busy and kickstarter campaign gifts are usually estimates so i'm hopeful anytime before oct22 earlier the better.  having my name in the credits of legendary hip hop radio  as well as dvd and simply helping them is enough granted i really wanna see this asap!
when is the download comming?
when will we be sent the download from the movie?
looking forward to this. thanks fellas
anyone know if anna from woodside contributed?
to sum things up for those of you who were recording on thursday nights in the early 90's...here is a behind the scenes recap.  i remember the plush leather couches & chairs, the clean bathroom, the "uber" like transportation provided for the guests so they arrived on time -- always -- the countless amount of dollars given by wkcr to support stretch & mojito' bobbito when they first started, at that spacious studio.  there were no bugs, flies, cockroaches...the air was filled with a lemon scent, almost heavenly.  i was most gracious for the spa that wkcr built for the guests as they were done on the mic. the only real issue, was when the chambermaid, changpua, didn't have stretch's meal prepared correctly when he arrived. but in all honesty.....the best part was none of the above existed. this was hip hop's launching pad and for all of you that had the pleasure of being on this show, esp if it had launched your career to the next level, if you haven't donated at least $10k (or one of your chains) they will accept gold sent to the address they can provide....in case your cc is maxed out.  give back to those who gave to you.  and now, a word from our sponsors.....
i'd back more if you made that poster available too!!!
cant wait to see this when its released! good luck!
much respect to stretch and bobbito!! even though i never listened live in ny your impact was still felt. i'm sure that goes for a lot of people all over the world. you guys were definitely an inspiration in me starting my own college radio show. people talk a lot about golden era -- i think you guys pretty much defined that sound. good luck and look forward to checking the film dj static www.wefunkradio.com
the movie says a lot of things on many layers culturally.  i will avoid the lengthy write up now but the movie is not just about entertainment. no just a little - true cultural creativity is not commercial, it can't be bought and the people create it because they have to, a few have the energy and talent to explode and produce it and they need people to transmit it.
proud to back stretch and bobbito 89tech 9 wkcr radio show movie which i listened to and recorded on the regular since the early 90's!
anyone who truly wants to call themselves and be thought of as a hip hop head must have listened or go back and listen (if too young) to all of the goat hiphop radio show and donate at least $10!  i donated $50 for the dvd, special thanks, and 2 week sneak peak hd digital download.  i tweeted this also, but eminem, jayz, nas, wutang, fatjoe (for himself and big l big pun), diddy (for biggie), common, az, royce, etc should all pay 5k+ to this kickstarter since that's how they go their start!
backed the $150 reward but would like to order a few logo shirts as well!
going to the show this sunday!
yoyoyoyoyoyoyoyoyo
