hi davis, the few brass combs that were damaged are being picked up today and will be shipped tomorrow/saturday. so sorry for the long delay and i'll include more info when i reach out with your tracking number. thanks!
still haven't gotten mine...
hi adam, i'm sorry to hear that, it may have been defective — i'll reach out to see what we can do.
just got to open my combs (plastic mirror versions) after being abroad for a few months and really disappointed.  the machining is totally unsuitable and incredibly rough for a comb.  a day or two after inserting into a credit card wallet i use daily the comb had severely scratched the card it was sitting next to and the mirror surface of the comb was permanently buffed as well by a card on the other side. in short these mirror ones at least seem not fit for purpose.
thanks for the feedback marmael!
i got the julia rothman version and while the print is nice, the plastic has a cheap feel to it and the cut-out edges are ragged, rough and scratchy. it's probably worth its prize, but if you give it a better finish, it'll feel like it has "extra value" which is always nice if you want a good reputation and returning customers.
thanks ali i'm glad you like them — and davis thanks for your patience :) brad - thanks for voicing your reaction. i did try to keep all production in the us, but was surprised to find that none of the manufacturers i spoke to who use this metal process were willing to make my product. i found one option in the us and one in the uk, but it turns out they were outsourcing the production to china anyway. it's a highly technical process and after doing my research, learning about the technology required, what the factory is set up like, etc, i feel i made the right choice. the metals are finished in the us - where they're coated and then packaged. all of the plastics are made in nj. regarding the finish of the brass - it's a thin brass finish on top of stainless steel. then the whole comb is coated in a thick clear coat to round out the edges and to be smooth on the scalp and hair. this coat will protect the brass from varnishing and scratching, so you won't need to use a brass cleaner, in fact i'd recommend against it and just use soap and water for cleaning. another note on the finish, it needed to be coated in a high gloss because any other coating would cloud the mirror. i hope this information provides more insight into why the brass comb is made the way it is! i do appreciate your feedback. best, heather
i wanted to love this product and back it since i thought it was a clever ideal. after receiving the item i was very disappointed with made in china stamped on the packaging. besides that the item is alot smaller then a credit card so it moves around in my wallet slot. i've felt brass i love brass and chopper but this comb feels like aluminum with a gold shine on it. i could be wrong but i feel if i take bras cleaner to it i'll ruin the comb. besides the negative i do still like this product and hoped it would of been at least made here. or in the future at least. but i feel this is a as seen on tv product that ends up at dollar tree. and i'm not the only one who agreed with me on this product.
i just received them, and they are truly top quality! especially the stainless-steel one. i liked them so much that i ordered another one. keep up the good work heather.
sad for the delay, but its ok, thanks for update! best of luck!
glad you like them, dmitriy and maris! maris we are working on an even finer tooth comb, just have to make sure the teeth would be strong enough :)
good day! received a comb today (russia, october 22 sent, 6 november arrived at the place of delivery) for my wife. it is very cool! good packaging. heather, thank you very much!
received my 5 go-combs, top quality! maybe i wanted the teeth even more closer, but it is ok already. :)
hi joshua, your package was shipped and says it arrived already - i'll reach out via email to sort it out. other backers - please feel free to email me directly if you have shipping questions, it will be the fastest way to get help! (heather@go-comb.com). most packages have shipped with the exception of the brass personalized, which are shipping later this week :)
hey i was just wondering are u still sending out combs because i never received mines and its well over october :(
just got mine, is wonderful!
i second what ben said. this was the first kickstarter i backed and i'm glad i did.
so glad you like it ben! definitely took some time to figure out the best way to finish the comb.
got my comb yesterday, it's great, thanks!  i got a metal version and i was concerned that it might be rough on the scalp, but it wasn't.  it was smooth, works well, and looks great.
lol i saw my sexytime comb in the update! yay i'm getting my comb soon!
that's awesome elizabeth!
showed my beautiful julia rothman co-comb to a friend today and she went nuts over it. so i guess i know what part of her christmas present will be. just ordered a three pack from your website lol.
got my very pretty go comb today. thanks!!
got the aqua for my so. looks great. that was a kickstarter with a fast turnaround if i ever saw one!
just got my aqua gocomb and i love it! is much nicer than i was expecting, works fabulously and fits great in my wallet ^_^
@creator thanks! mine arrived earlier this afternoon & i immediately put it into my wallet. the quality is perfect & fit right-in with my other cards.
mine just arrived today: opened it and it's better than i expected. this is the best $14 i've been ever spent :d
mine just arrived today: opened it and it's better than i expected. this is the best $14 i've been ever spent :d
hi gary - i'm not sure what you mean by plastic peeling off, but i'll contact you to check! if anyone sees a defect with their comb, please contact me directly and we'll figure out what happened (heather@go-comb.com).
got the comb. worst kickstarter item i got. quality: bad. plastic is peeling off already. regret backing this.
i just received my comb in the uk. its a lot nicer than i expected and perfect for my shorter hair. very happy with it!
just got my aqua comb. love it! thanks
hi nathan! nothing new right now - if you see my last update i mentioned the estimated ship dates. we're on track for now!
i am just wondering if there is any updates?
ok thanks
you're all set riotrock! i just sent an update regarding shipping times for clarification - i couldn't edit the kickstarter notification to provide accurate shipping info.
i just received an email that you guys are shipping soon...im wondering if i did my survey i really forgot please help thanks
i'd also like to opt out of the cheese grater/hair comb combo. haha!
i'm with jeff. no cheese grater version for me please. :-)
please send me a comb that does not also work as a cheese grater.  thanks
hi james - i think i probably won't do that since the original stainless were uncoated, and i received a lot of feedback that it was too rough on the hair/scalp, which is why i'm now coating the combs. hopefully even the coated works well enough to serve both purposes!
is it possible to receive a reset email to change my personalization, sorry for the inconvenience.
i am an idiot, is it possible to change my personalization? sorry.
thanks heather, maybe an uncoated "raw" stainless steel version that could double as a grater could be produced in the future?
hi james, i'll send you a message to get your corrected personalization. gadgetstorm - you're right, the brass only comes in regular tooth width. the stainless steel mesh could be used as a grater but because it's coated it won't work as well as a real grater. interesting question!
hi heather, i guess there is no option for fine or wide teeth for the brass comb. i haven't heard from you. for the stainless combs, are the edges sharp enough to be used as an impromptu grater for herbs and cheese for example?
hi, i accidentally put in more than 10 characters for my personalised comb..  how do i correct this?
hi jessica! i think you're referring to plastic? in the question asking which style you'd like i included a link to view the options: http://www.go-comb.com/kck-plastic bonus: i added a 4th style option! ps- someone pointed out that i've marked down my plastic combs on my site- note these are the *lasered* combs which are not as durable as the new plastic combs offered through the campaign. i'm trying to sell off the rest of my lasered stock now, which is why they are marked down on my site. thanks all!
survey didnt ask me if i wanted fine tooth or the other,,, thanks
is there somewhere we can see the different design options? i can't really tell what the designs will look like based upon the survey options. thank you!! :)
congrats heather. wondering if the there is an option for fine or regular teeth for the brass pledge. also, for the stainless steel design with the holes which look almost like a mesh, how sharp are the edges for the holes. i am thinking that if the edges are not bevelled or cambered, then one can use it as an impromptu grater for let's say herbs or cheese? try it out and tell us?
hi everyone! please read all update emails, they will answer your questions regarding extra rewards and fine tooth vs regular. in a nut shell, the survey is collecting information on your initial reward, and i'll be reaching out individually over email to collect details on your additional rewards over the next few days. for stainless steel orders, i'll also follow up to check if you'd like fine tooth or regular within the week. thanks so much!
hi heather, i backed at the $16 level and your reward survey didn't ask for my tooth preference.  how do we get this info to you? thanks, jamie h
heya heather, i ordered 1 personalized stainless steel go comb at usd 16 + usd 5 (international shipping) and paid additional usd12 for an exclusive julia rothman go-comb at usd 12 + usd 2 ( international shipping) making it a total of usd 35 for 2 items with shipping.  i don't see these options in the survey as you had mentioned only the information for personalization my comb. also for both regular ones as option. how can i be sure i get both combs in order please ?
i filled out the survey but wasn't given the option to choose between regular or fine toothed comb. i'd like a regular comb, please!
thanks jack, will check it out! and thanks for backing!
maybe try to contact stores like hema (orginal dutch store) http://gb.hemashop.com/en/assortment (english website).  this product would fit in that store.
nice project. good potential product, if the price is right ;). pledged for the stainless steel and a brass mirror, second one offcourse for the mirror ;)
hi lee - each comb can have a different name/phrase, or they can all be the same — up to you!
in the pack of five personalized combs, can each comb be personalized differently? or is it a group thing, like for marketing?
chrome has a shiny silverlike color...i see on the picture if im not mistaken it looks like both sides are goldlike...thanks
just want to make sure,, brass (gold like) and the other side chrome finish ( stainless like ) coz chrome to me isnt goldlike... thats why im confused... thanks
both sides are brass, one side is brushed finish, the other side is a chrome finish.
just to clarify please,,,the brass model... one side brass and the other side chrome ( mirror )? thanks
yes!!!! usps never gave me problems,,, never charged me extra,,,, thank you
hi guys! i plan to ship via usps with tracking, for both domestic and international.
fedex just charged me fees 2 weeks after i received my package... just got on my mailbox... grrrr
@riotrock i prefer fedex over Üps but since these are combs, they could easily just go regular mail.
where's the survey? to choose from 3 styles for $10 pledge!
please tell me you're not using fedex
thanks heather.
genius idea! glad to support it.
hi mark, yes the brass is only in regular. in the future we'll be making a fine tooth brass mirror, but that won't happen until after the campaign.  - heather
is the brass comb only available in regular, not fine toothed?
hi cam! please see the faq "can i order more than one reward?" to see what to do if you're international and would like more than 1 reward. thanks!
i'd like to pledge for additional items, but i'm based in the uk. do i need to pay the additional shipping for each item, or is there a way to pledge again without having to pay an extra 5 dollars?
hey jason! this has definitely been part of the design process. i've thought a lot about finish and feel and teeth strength. the metals are coated so that they feel smooth on the hair. the plastics are durable but have a little bit of flex, and if you have very long hair the plastic will probably be the best for tangles, as the metal is stiff and not as forgiving. this campaign is the first time we're able to provide these finishes and materials, so i'm really excited! good question!
have you considered head and hair health? will the comb ends be finished and rounded so they do not snag hairs or damage the scalp?
just posted a photo in this update: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/898103883/go-comb-fit-for-your-wallet/posts/928491 hope this helps!
can u post a picture of thr product sude by side with a credit card? thanks
love your product! just backed for 5! one for the whole family
as a fellow comb manufacturer i am proud to back your project and look forward to evaluating the fit and finish of your comb.  thanks,
great idea! i may need to do something about my recent loss of hair though =p here hoping for a fairly standard stainless steel model. im a low profile kind of guy.
perfect heather. knowing this, maybe i'll back a few more!
hi matt! just added an faq on regular vs fine teeth, check it out at the bottom of the campaign page. thanks for the question!
really interesting project! quick question: the teeth look really thick and fairly far apart in the pictures. how does this differ for the fine toothed combs? can you give some measurements? thanks!
best of luck!! :)
hi bino, sorry now i understand your question. yes, please add $18 to your original pledge, and in the survey at the end please note your additional option and personalization preference. best, heather
hi bino! i think it'd be best to back a second reward - that way it will all be recorded accurately. you won't be charged for shipping, so it will be the same price either way. let me know if that works for you! - heather
good luck, heather! thank your father for this pledge.
hi go-comb, i'm pledged for a stainless steel comb, but would like to get a second brass comb for the wife.  can i just add $18 to my pledge to make that happen?  thanks!
