hi chwee, the smallest size is a size small. it is shorter, less wide and less thick than the medium. ill send you a private message to continue this conversation.
hi laina my size are way too big.  can i do an exchange for size?  what's the smallest for ladies shoes?
hi felicia, thanks so much for your comment. hearing that the insoles are helping you and others is the fuel that keeps us motivated!  quick tip: if you use warm water to rinse the insoles off, it can make it easier to get lint off of the sticky side.
i love it!! been using mine everyday and have not looked back since! great part is that it 's transferable but the lint keeps sticking to the sticky part.
hi alan, i just emailed your tracking #.  it says that it was delivered june 7th.  let me know if you do not find it!
hi laina, are you able to check send me the tracking number on mine? i still have yet to receive it :) i would send you a pm but for some reason i can't find the option to do so. thanks
hi isaac, thanks so much for your post.  i'm really glad that your mother is loving the shoe bubble!  thanks again for backing our project :)
hi laina, got these for my mum who started having plantar fasciitis on her right foot a few years ago. she has been using these for a few weeks and loves them. thank you for making a great product.
hi david, happy to hear that they are feeling good for you!  yes, you're correct, it can take some patience to find the perfect placement for your feet and shoes, but once you find the sweet spot it's amazing :) thanks for your comment!
excellent inserts. it took me some experimentation to figure out where best to place them in my shoes.
hi naa, i just sent your tracking number in a private message.  looks like it's still in transit, left los angeles port june 10th
hi i have not received the product, so i want to know the tracking number. ㅠㅠ
hi david, it looks like it's still in transit.  i just private messaged you your tracking number.
hi, i have not received either my shoe inserts, or a tracking number.
hi joel, i sent you a pm.  very sorry if this happened, we will send you the other side that you need right away.
hi there. i think i got 2 of the same side in my package. please advice thank you
hi laina thank you. shipment recd.  will use and comment later.
hi chwee, i sent you a private message with your tracking #.  looks like it's recently arrived in singapore at the processing facility.
hi, i m from singapore.  no shipping notice and no shipment yet.  please update.  thanks.
hi jonathan, so glad that you're enjoying the insoles! it's great that you tried them out in a few shoes and moved them around to find the best spot for your foot :)
i've been wearing mine for a week...love em!  i did have to make some positional adjustments, and for me they are about and inch back from the center of my shoe liner.  i did notice that with shoes that have a fabric liner, the stickiness is just right, but for some of my shoes that have more of a leather or synthetic leather surface, the insoles are very difficult to remove.  so when i adjusted the position i stuck them to my couch to grab some fuzz to reduce the stickiness!  it worked like a charm!  :) anyway i love the insoles and they feel more effective than my old ones!
hi ron, thanks for your message.  the insoles should help a lot at the gym, especially if you are lifting weights.  the extra weight can cause extra stress on the feet, so it's important to protect your arches.  let me know how you like them!
received my insoles yesterday. trying them out at the gym today. thanks for a well-run kickstarter!
hi janet, yours have been shipped.  i just private messaged you the tracking number.  thanks everyone for having patience! almost all the packages are on their way now other than the 15 people who have not filled out the survey with sizing and address information.
hello, i have not received my insoles yet. when are they expected to arrive?
hi terry, thank so much for letting me know, i'm so happy that your feet are feeling comfy! :)
got them and used them yesterday. stood on my feet for 9 hours and they were fabulous. great kickstarter.
glad you received them so quickly, 20eighty4 :) almost done packing and shipping them all, just a few more days. thanks everyone for your patience!!
got em! thanks laina!
hi chweelian, thanks for your comment! we are doing the best we can with the system that is in place. there is no option on kickstarter to individually calculate shipping costs, not even a system to have a different cost/country.  so, we tried to find the average cost for international shipping.  as it stands, i've been told that i have underestimated the cost of shipping + packaging.  i am ok with this, as my biggest concern is to help get the insoles out around the world to those in need.  thank you for understanding that we are trying our best to keep the cost as low as possible for everyone.  also, thank you again for your support!!
hi, i read abt your comments on shipping cost.  i hope you could do more to help your kickstarter supporters.  picking more cost to ship with ups throughout the world shld give you and the supporter economic scale.  urgent need to review and reduce.  if i am to support more projects then the kickstarter community shld appoint 1 or 2 shipping companies to handle all kickstarter projects so that supporters like ourselves will not bleed.  our aim is to support the projects.  your responsibility is to get your products to your supporter by the most efficient shipping mode.
hi narendra, everyone is welcome to order any mixture of sizes.  please clarify in the survey.  the second question has an area to write in your sizes.  for example write: "1-small + 1-med"  please let me know if you have any other questions!  thanks again so much for your support!
hi congrats. i want to order for different sizes. one pair for me and one pair for my wife. how should i respond in the survey? please let me know.
no extra cost for shipping, i'll cover it ;)
i'd consider getting more pairs if the shipping wasn't already more expensive than most other campaigns i've backed here, sorry.
is there an additional cost for shipping for the extra pair @ $15
thanks for posting this question :) to increase your pledge amount, click on "backed projects"  click on the blue + symbol next to soul insole  click on "edit" next to your pledge amount
how do i add on the $15 for an extra pair?  i got the one pair for $25 and $15 for shipping is there a charge for shipping for the extra pair?
oh i see understood. thanks for the reply
hi tyroil - kickstarter thanks for asking this question.  i wish i could individualize it and have it linked to usps to calculate each cost, but we had to pick 1 shipping cost for everyone around the world.
can we get cheaper shipping for canada? $15 seems a little much especially when the package is going to be small.
great campaign laina! after trying out your mini orthotics, my legs felt much more relaxed and comfortable. i can't wait to walk on my own shoe bubbles. good luck!
