hi there, wanted to ask if there's any chance of receiving my missing box set? i've sent an email to bwood/at/kinolorber.com but am still waiting for a response... thanks in advance!
still haven't heard anything about my inquiry re: my missing box set. (see september 8th message below.)
*hi any luck?
hi link any luck. please note that my address has changed. i changed it a few months back before the shipping started. if there is anything i need to do, let me know because after you all asked me if i rather have blue ray or not i haven't heard back from you all at all.
hi kino! i still haven't received mine either, any updates?
dear addy, you definitely should have received it by now. i will check with our shipping people and see if they can track it, and if necessary send a replacement.
i haven't received my box set yet. i'm in chicago, any idea when i will?
wow! wonderful!
got mine today! can't wait to watch this.
i received my boxset today. great packaging too. looking forward to watching. great job!!
just got the new update look forward to seeing the results!
has anyone received their discs?  i can't seem to get an answer as to why i haven't received mine.
when can we expect to receive our backer discs?  i have received no update or tracking information.  thanks--i'm really looking forward to this release.
hello! i'm in the process of moving (i will be in the new house on july 8).  since the discs won't be shipping until after that date, where can i go to change the delivery address? (also, my perk included the two books -- are they going to be shipped with the discs, or separately?) thanks, lucas barker
the release date is set for tuesday july 26. donors entitled to receive a copy of the collection will receive them as soon as the discs are manufactured.   how far in advance of the scheduled release date this will be will be determined by the production schedule.  at this point, the packaging and booklet are done... two of the five discs have been authored and approved... three more to go!
update on a potential release date?
does anyone have the digital download address with the list of movies of which we can stream one? i don't seem to have an email about this and am expecting my (gorgeous) nephew to come visiting from kenya soon- i'd love to have something to show him how old movies are restored so he can better understand this project i have been skyping to him about.
hello daniel, just send your request to us as a message... or as an e-mail to me at bwood@kinolorber.com bret wood
the survey got my mailing address and which movie i would like digitally, but didn't ask about which movie i'd like on blu-ray. how do we submit this info?
i just wanted to check in and see how the project's going thus far. i, and many others, are looking forward to an update very soon.
hello aaron -- yes, you can e-mail me the list directly. i'll check with kickstarter today and find out when payments are processed so i can move this forward.  i know everyone's eager to get their perks. thanks. bwood@kinolorber.com
bret - can we just send you an email with the list? i emailed you one question and you have not responded, so maybe i am sending it to the wrong contact.
hello neal -- we're still waiting for the kickstarter payments to be finalized -- but if you want to go ahead and send us your movie choices, i'll get things moving.  an official notification will go out to everyone once the payments have been processed.  thanks for your patience. -- bret
do we just send you a list of the movies we want, or do you send us an e-mail?
whew!  thanks again, everyone for your support.  even though we didn't hit the $60,000 stretch goal, we blew away the original $35,000 initial goal. regardless of the amount raised, our plan is to proceed with the expanded collection:  5 discs; 12 features; and as many shorts, fragments, and extras as we can pack onto them.  and a booklet! in the next week or so, while kickstarter processes payments, we'll begin sorting out the rewards -- confirming your mailing addresses and disc selections, if applicable.  if you have any questions, don't hesitate to contact me directly, or through kickstarter. this isn't goodbye.  i plan to crank up a facebook page, or possibly a small website, where we will post news about the project throughout the year. clearly this is more than just a typical video release. this is a journey, and 2016 promises to be busy as we reach out to the film / music / academic community and assemble a richly detailed piece of american history. i hope to post photos, film clips, audio clips, and who knows what else, along the way.  and we'll update the list of contents of the collection. thank you from our hearts for your generosity, and for your moral support, bret wood producer kino lorber
tweeted so much about this kickstarter, i got tweets back from marketers thinking it's mine, lol! i don't care, great film history opportunity!
love this project and proud to support it my husband adores old movie posters.  any chance we could purchase posters from these films?
i sent out a tweet and i've seen some in my circles talking about it. hopefully we can make the stretch to $60k and that extra disc.
i too have just upgraded my commitment to $500 from $100. i hope it helps you make the stretch goal. either way, i'm "all in".
thanks, aaron, that really means a lot to us.  we appreciate your and everyone else's support through a very eventful 45 days.  tomorrow i'll post an update with some graphics i just cooked up, in case you want to give us a shout out in your social media circles during the final hours of fund-raising. bret
i upgraded to $500. big jump from the guy who was complaining a couple comments ago about the $100 rewards. :) as a lifelong cinephile, this is just too special of a project for me to not support. it hurts our bank account, but i think the stacks of dvds we get might ease that pain. wishing you all the luck in reaching your stretch goals!
really excited for the set, even if the six-disc goal isn't reached. if there's any way of prolonging the kickstarter, or opening up extra donations, i'm sure people advertising this thing on movie forums would give it the extra boost it needed to reach 60k,or at least certainly 50k. also, i know people are exciting over micheaux getting a lot of attention on this set, but i'm more curious about the obscure stuff. eleven pm looks trippy, hellbound train looks really cool, and commandment keeper church is especially important to release, as it's recognized by the national film registry. good luck with the release, guys.
garrett, the response has been strong, and we think the release of the collection next year is going to garner lots of attention in the press.  my thinking is: an opportunity like this is not going to happen for another decade or longer... so we need to make this one count and pack as many films into the collection as possible, and as many discs as we can create, without making the collection too expensive for the typical consumer. but it's only five discs, not six.  i wish it were six, but as you know, it's costly to produce 18 hours of masters (and to author and manufacture five blurays). our kickstarter campaign is not going to cover the cost of the work, but it's covering the lion's share -- and kino lorber is putting up a considerable amount of funds to make up the difference. bret wood producer, kino lorber
so what lead to the 6-disc decision?
$40k mark!
a bit confused. ok, those who contributed at the $100 level don't get both "pioneers" and their choice of a kino disc, but how about those who contributed at the $250 level? as another person posted, i thought that level included the rewards listed for the lower levels of funding.
yes, thanks for your response. while disappointing, it isn't a dealbreaker for me either, but it does reflect a little poorly on you guys. you sent the list of dvds to the $100 backers, and i know that most can be had for anywhere from $10-15 online. i would imagine the cost is less for you guys. people can change their contribution by clicking the "manage your pledge" option, so you don't need to contact kickstarter, but i hope you'll reconsider the $100 reward level. i would imagine that a lot of these $100 pledges made a difference to you getting funded. essentially they are pre-orders ensuring a sale, and to be honest, the completed set would probably list at $99.95 and be discounteed online.
i appreciate your response. i'm just a little disappointed--but this is by no means a deal breaker for me. i think this is a very worthwhile project, and i'm glad to be a part of it. :)
sorry for any confusion caused by the wording, but we tried to make it clear that the $100 contribution earns a copy of the finished collection (which will probably retail for $99.95) plus the rewards of the "contributor" (i.e. $25) status. one reason for this is that these rewards will ship at different times -- $50 reward in march 2015 and $100 reward in february 2016.  if that still seems unfair to you, drop me a personal e-mail and i'll see if kickstart will allow me to release you from your pledge.  we don't want you to feel anything less than 100% satisfied.
this is a very worthwhile project, so my pledge stands, but i agree with everything aaron just said.
that's sort of unfortunate for it to be either/or at the $100. i chose that level because i'm used to kickstarting where a higher level gets the next level down plus something. i'm glad you made your funding, but $100 is asking a lot if people have to make a choice.
hello shaun,  no, it's an either/or situation: the $50 contribution earns a single kino lorber disc; the $100 contribution earns the finished pioneers collection, but not both.
hi! i just got your update saying anyone who contributed 50 dollars got a dvd/blu-ray from kino. i contributed 100 so does that hold for me too? thanks!
and now, bret wood gets interviewed about this project by the black maria: http://theblackmaria.org/2015/02/24/interview-kino-lorber/
this looks like a wonderful project! congratulations on reaching your goal! feel free to check out my project, which also pays hommage to cinema history.
garrett: still working out the details of the film download list, and the titles for the $50 reward tier.  it'll be announced next week.
is the film download list finalized yet? what about the $50 reward tier? don't worry; i can wait.
i am so excited about you reaching the funding goal and the plans you have for this project.  i teach english at indiana state university, and i taught a writing about film class for several years.  my students were always surprised to find out that there were african-american filmmakers with a real voice and vision so early on.  they had never heard of oscar micheaux and the other innovators of the time. my hope is that this set will allow young people to know the true history of early film and the role african-american actors, directors, writes and crew played.
congratulations on reaching your funding target on this rich compelling project what do you hope to achieve funding wise in the remaining month? did you set any stretch goals?
congrats on hitting your initial goal!
i am so happy to back this project! it'll be a long wait until i have my copy of pioneers.. but well worth the wait. i live in ct and about 10 years ago there was a television station that played black cinema on weekends. these were unrestored and some would just end, frustratingly, mid-scene. they were often of very high quality! i have a 12 year old nephew who lives in kenya, and he seems to think that black americans really had no part in this country except through exploitation. i want to show him that there were always people who, regardless of color, contributed significantly more. i'm so honored that i can contribute a tiny amount to this and share it with him.
yes, we are using vhx.  i should have that list posted by february 20.
are you using vhx for your downloads? when can i expect a list of titles to choose from?
