my app still crashes i used the support tab and no response in the app don't know if that works either. it says my units haven't updated since the 6th
i don't bother with the app, always seems to have trouble. device itself works fine without the app thankfully
thank you guys! was using the old email.
hi derrek, please contact our support team at support@mistbox.com and we'll try to get you taken care of.
any bodies app keep crashing, tried to email support about one of my mistboxes doing think it's misting even today walked by with lawn mower and didn't activate on, but other unit did.
thanks - got the email and are excited about the news :)
sam, sorry for the delay.  we'll be getting with you tomorrow.
hello? replacement battery?
thanks guys. i have noticed some improvements in the app, keep them coming! i am still having trouble updating "my details" always says that my zip code must be numeric (even though it is?) because of that, i can't change the default temperature measurement to celsius which is bit of a pain seeing as i'm in australia. but it does seem to connect now which is good. i have sent numerous emails to support about the replacement battery...
@sam - we put a ton of work into the new ios app and the android app.  we think you'll find it much more user friendly.  please contact us at support@mistbox.com for help with your battery.
so is the app worth downloading again? i deleted it as my mistbox never seemed to connect. also, i've been waiting months for a replacement battery for my unit - sent emails but had no replies :/
my ios mistbox app seems to be getting good data from my unit now. very exciting!  still having some trouble updating my ac unit, but at least now i can see my mistbox. looking forward to warm weather!
@arckal  -  we're really sorry your experience was so troublesome.  we'll be here if you require our help to get up and running for next season.  the manual has a few tricks for nozzle issues and feel free to reach out as well. @edward  -  yes sir.  we will be here.  we'll be emailing out startup instructions next spring as well.
@arckal - i had a similar experience, but i did get a month of use in sept.  i could only verify that it worked a few times.  i have also pulled my unit because we have had a few nights that are short of freezing.   @creator - when it warms up - we should be able to get full support still right?
i have been trying to get my mistbox working, but it never worked. event though i got power charger to charge it but it would not charge at all. turn out battery was needed replaced, i sent whole unit back to get it replaced. then when i received it the mist would not come out from all nozzles, one of the nozzle was like a spout. whole summer went without even a single use. now it's winter, i could not test it until next june. what a waste if money and time.
got everything sorted out. thanks mistbox!
@jel - please contact us at support@mistbox.com and we will send a command from our server to make sure the temp setting is corrected.  should be a quick fix.
got my mistbox back from being serviced. looks like there was a short so i was provided with a different unit. i got it installed and the wifi connected finally. now, however, the unit isn't turning on... the temp gauge is only partially filled, even though it's 100 degrees outside. i tried changing settings in the app, as that appears to be the only way to change the temp threshold, but it's not saving the setting - the app needs a lot of work. finally, i tried resetting the unit to factory settings but pressing all 3 buttons at the same time, but i'm not getting the beeping that confirms the reset. so, basically it's just sitting pretty there while it's sweltering outside. i know the misters work because the tests work fine. anyone have any experience changing the temp settings? i'm getting sound emf levels filled all the way, so it must be the temp gauge, or the unit i got back has a faulty temp gauge.
@corey - pm us and we can give you a few tips/options for circumstances where you don't get much sunlight. @jel - the battery issue we've got figured out.  we just had the interval of pinging our server wrong and it was draining too fast.  we have sent commands to all units to change the interval and things are going much better in the battery consumption department.  we would love it if you would pm us and explain your difficulties with the lcd screen.  it's mostly just for troubleshooting purposes but we'd value your feedback.  we may be eliminating it completely in the future but we like that the product can be used without wifi using the lcd screen. @jayrayuf - this is the way our customers have been for the last few years and it's why we added wifi.  we've been working really hard on the backend and the new app will show you so many cool metrics.  hoping to be updated everyone on the app in a mass email soon.
just curious if anyone has noticed any savings. i personally had my bill go up the first month it was installed but found out the unit was not charging properly. the second month i saw a $30.00 lower bill. not sure if that's the mistbox or the large quantity of cooler, rainy days we had.
let me also say that despite my frustration with the buttons and lcd screen, i love the functionality of the mistbox. but at this point in time, the screen is almost useless because it's unintuitive and the battery seems to be very weak. but again, love the mistbox, just wish these other bugs could be worked out.
i got my charger recently after i tried wifi provisioning for the first time. apparently wifi provisioning is very power hungry so after i failed to connect, my battery fully died (which never happened before i tried provisioning). i got in contact with mistbox and they sent me a charger to trickle charge the battery. i have tried and failed 3 times now (twice while it was charging) to connect to my mistbox. 1) is it even worth it to to connect to it via wifi? 2) does anyone else find the buttons and the lcd screen almost useless? more on the screen: i used to be able to just press a button and then it would turn the screen on. after i tried wifi provisioning, it does not turn on immediately after pressing a button. the only good use i've had with it was during initial setup when i tested the mist function and then when i turned water saver mode on an off. any other functionality has never worked for me - perhaps because the battery died, or perhaps because the button functionality is completely not intuitive. 3) is there a way to reset the entire unit so that any previous button presses that may have messed up my configuration can be cleared?
so the ac guy had this to say.  he said that the fan motor is designed for rain that comes straight down on it (when not running).  but the mist box draws excess moisture up through the fan and that might have caused the bearings to fail.  granted, our fan motor is around 10 years old. he also said that our system was running at a low pressure because it's efficient and that adding a mist system is really only for high pressure systems. lastly, it won't stay charged.  the unit is on the side of my house and in constant shade.  originally the creators said that would be ok but it's not getting enough sunlight to stay charged. so my mistbox is sitting on the ground doing nothing.  :(
@anna  -  the new app is in beta testing right now but we have a version finished.  we are submitting to apple store very soon.  the new app will be under a new mistbox development account and we'll be sending out a link to everyone when it publishes to the app store.  thanks for your patience. mistbox team
any update on when the ios app might work and show anything other than null and wrong power and filter numbers? it's been nearly 2 months since your comment post that said you were sheepish cause it didn't work and function and it still doesn't. i am sure it's being worked on, but as summer is pretty much over i guess it won't really matter as long as it's fixed by next summer. it's just disappointing to not have it work.
ok, i got the charger put it on charge for two nights, still i don't see any sign of power on unit. how do i verify it charger or unit are working fine?
got the charger. now it works all fine. mistbox can even put teh device remotely into an energy saving mode so that the battery will stay filled by the solar cell. cool! wondering if that means losing any function or just less frequent wireless transmissions for example?
creator i haven't received charger yet, could you check when should i get it?
had my mister installed for two weeks and came home to a broken fan motor today...  not saying the most box did it,  but i will see what the professionals say tomorrow.....
@j s - please contact our support team and we'd be happy to troubleshoot and get you taken care of.
my unit died. :-(  first the display showed battery on low charge while the app showed everything is fine. then the display turned on every symbol possible and didnt switch off after a few seconds like it normally does. now its all off and pressing any button doesn't do anything.  its in full sun until 1 pm and there havent been any clouds since i installed the unit. maybe the solar cells arent working or they arent connected internally to the battery or is there a chance that there was some overcharging happening from too much sun? thank you!
honestly, who wants another app that only does one thing?  we all have millions of them already.  just get the website up and let us login.  that's light years easier for you to do, and meets everyone's needs.
i don't think i've seen any live data yet, from my ios app.  is that to be expected?  otherwise my mister is working great!
should have android app finished in 4-5 weeks.  we are taking the opportunity to add some new features at the same time.  the ios app is being overhauled as well.
how we coming on the android app?  or at the very least, a web interface?
so far one of two of my units is down. it isn't charging correctly and is not getting sufficient power. contacted mistbox and they are sending me a charger to trickle charge my unit. i wish i'd gotten a replacement as i suspect this is only going to be a temporary fix but we will see, i will post findings. just posting so people know that it is possible to have a bum or finicky unit. keep you posted.
just came back from vacation. my neighbor was so kind to keep the package for me. turned out mistbox was written on it in large letters and he googled it and ordered one too for his daughter. if he would have waited until i opened my package he could have saved $50 with the included coupons :-) i installed it the same day and its running perfectly fine and with the included manual it was a breeze to hook it up to the web.  only hiccup was that after selecting the network and entering the key there was no confirmation. it looked like it failed but actually was registered in the network and the app found it too. the packaging is very customized and looks professional. the hardware looks solid and only two things took a bit more attention.  the screw on water connection on the mistbox leaked but some teflon tape fixed that right up. the female collar of the screw connection to the water supply is a bit too short in my case. the male connection on my house has its threads starting not at the very front so there is nothing to grip into the female connector. if the female connector would be longer it would have worked.  for now i fixed that by connecting a garden hose to the house and since the male part on the other side of the hose has threads going to the very front it connects just fine. longterm i will get a shorter female to male thing attached to the house. the mist the unit creates looks nice uniform but also seems to be quite a lot of it. a big part of it hits the intake grid of my ac and then just drips down from there. maybe i should try to find some online video of a well running mistbox to see if thats normal. i am happy that it all works as intended and looking forward to see some data in the app after it has run for a few days. thank you mister / mistbox :-)
if i can't get my box to reset so i can verify / change the network it is connected to. what do i need to do? i can see the device working the app does not tell me when it is running. i think i can seat on my router. what ports would be open to transmit data? feel free to email direct as to not publish open ports:p i like the device and want to see the full details hope the web page s coming soon;p
@brett -  generally speaking, 4 hrs should be plenty.  contact us at ks@mistbox.com and we can get you taken care of.
how much sun is needed per day to keep the unit charged? i get sun in the area for about 4 hours a day, 10-2. there are alot of trees around me so it basically has to be overhead. while i was doing some yard work i went to hold the power button down to test it and make sure it's still going, but it did not turn at all.
no wonder i could figure out the instructions, i was missing a crucial part. thanks for sending it to me mister gang!
i saw the same thing as alex today. they delivered the envelope, but it was marked "postage due: 22 cents"
@corey -  the nozzles shouldn't clog, but if they ever do there are instructions in the user manual for cleaning them. @alex - we just sent screws out to everyone in case they needed them. if you've already installed mistbox it's a moot point now.  most people had the screw delivered in envelope... weird. @jel - thanks for the kind words. feel free to reach out and we can walk you through wifi setup. @alex - please call the support line and we'll troubleshoot with you.
hey josh, just waiting on a response back from you guys. i'm pretty sure my control unit is doa now. please let me know what to do.
got my mistbox working yesterday and today it worked all day. i'm so glad i backed you guys! the only issue i have now is that i haven't been able to get my unit connected over wifi using the online manual... the 192.168.1.1 address is already being used by my router, so i need to figure out another way to connect. however, i do like the fact that the unit still works even without an active wifi connection. great job!!!
just had to pay $1.84 in postage due for a single screw that you all tried to mail in an envelope. i was informed that if it's not a letter it's considered a parcel and requires more postage.
thanks creator.  i'm in orlando and it's definitely hot right now.  normally the heat around my ac unit is very noticeable even though it's in the shade most of the day.  i installed my mistbox this weekend and noticed the air definitely felt cooler around it. more small issues i noticed:  some of the brass misting nozzles seem to drip.  i tightened them up and the dripping stopped (still misting though).  though living in fl, i worry that these nozzles will stop up over time.  is there a good cleaning procedure for them? is there any way for the mistbox to detect a leak in the supply line?  right now, my biggest worry is leaking since that faucet is on all the time.
@jel - the sentiments are appreciated.  we just responded with a troubleshooting document that should help. @corey - the lawn mower could trip mistbox because it generates emf and sound.  the dripping after the cycle is to get rid of stagnant water in the lines... it was designed that way.  the android app is being developed now, with ios rework and web portal as well.  the software side will be great when we're done. @tony - we are making some improvements in some areas that were lacking.  we have had some good interactions with you via email and will continue to be here for support.  we appreciate your patience as we work to further improve the user experience.
mine barely fit around the unit. i also had the problem with water shooting out of the filter and last mist tube. i tightened up the joint on the bottom of the filter as well as all the tube fittings on each mist tube. problem is gone now but there is dripping from the filter after a cycle. i also noticed that my lawnmower triggers the mister. not sure if that is something that can be fixed. when is the app coming out on android?
@shane, i followed your advice, but i'm still getting water shooting out of the bottom of the filter and out of the end of the last mister unit. also, does anyone have a problem with the length of the hoses with the misters? mine doesn't fit all the way around, maybe 1/2 to 3/4 around... i emailed the team, but i don't think i'll hear anything over the weekend. i actually hope they are enjoying a day off instead of having another 16 hour day!
the manual is garbage!
@shane i'll have to try that on my unit and see if it gets it to spray. i was experiencing the same issue but wasn't instructed to try those steps. i've probably done the test more than five times cumulatively but not all in a row. i'll give it a shot this afternoon since the replacement probably wont be there yet.
alex -  i've already emailed and called personally.  left a direct number on the email.  your phone went to vm.
josh, sorry for the misunderstanding...but i only thought about coming on this kickstarter page after calling multiple times. i'm hoping my unit isn't a dud and that i'm doing something wrong. hopefully we can get in contact with each other soon.
@ alex - you left a message a few hours ago and emailed the ks@mistbox.com email we supplied exactly 4 minutes before posting the below. if you need help, email us at ks@mistbox.com.  if you're the type to get pissy about not getting a response within 5 minutes... stop backing kickstarter campaigns.  we're working 16 hrs days and through all weekends trying to keep up with helping everyone get their units set up.  for every person that has a legitimate problem, there are 3-4 more who just didn't read or follow the manual. we're here to help everyone, but you're going to have to understand you're not calling a call center with 10 people answering phones. we're not nest labs yet. you'll get a same day response when you call or email during business hours. also, please understand this is not the correct forum for questions. we've supplied a special email just for kickstarter backers, ks@mistbox.com.  to reiterate, this is where you should send your questions and relay issues you might be experiencing.... ks@mistbox.com. no one cares that you emailed ks@mistbox.com 5 minutes ago and haven't heard back. i'm not going to apologize for taking a few hours to get back to you, especially considering the volume of inquires currently. thanks. josh teekell, ceo
i've called, emailed, tweeted, and posted on fb.... no response.... my unit doesn't seem to work....although i do get a few "beeps" every once in a while, the unit never seems to start working on its on...and if i start the water to the unit, it never stops misting. also, i cannot get the unit to broadcast wifi. feel like i am yet another person with a dud unit. extremely disappointing.
got a call back and the fix was to hold my finger on the bottom of the unit and run the test 5 or so times until the valve stayed open for the full 10 seconds. this caused the unit to pressurize and start misting properly. all future tests worked fine. btw, if you want the unit to turn on, just sing or hum to it and rattle it around slightly for 10 seconds. don't worry if your neighbors think you are nuts, they only wish they could sing to their ac units like you can.
got my unit and hooked it up easily. at first when turning the water on, it sprayed out the bottom of the filter, and only dripping slightly from the misting nozzles. i had to turn the water off to stop it from doing this. after toggling the water supply and trying to use the test function a few times, now i can't get any water to come out of the unit at all. supply is fine, seems the valve is broke. just left a message on their voicemail, so will see if they get back to me.
any reason i got a notice from the post office today that i have a package from mistbox that is postage due?
@ray - we only supply 30' with the pack out as there isn't room to put any more in our packaging.  we did sent a survey out to ask how long the distance was from the faucet to your ac unit.  the reason for the survey was to determine what percentage of people would be ok with the 30'.  the result was that most than 80% of people wouldn't need to use a hose or more 3/8" tubing.  we sell 50' lengths on our website with the required connector included.  you can also use a hose to span the extra length.  sorry for the confusion the survey created for you.
received units today. nice packaging.  one question. i requested 75 foot length of tubing. only got 30. ?? cant hook it up to water supply
@zmocar, thanks for the advice, but i checked and i didn't find anything. i'm already in contact with support and they're sending replacement parts.
please help me i can not connect to my mistbox app appears this message something went wrong! there was a problem creating your account.
just an update here- so i've got the first and hopefully only nonfunctional unit. josh with mistbox while annoyed with my comment on kickstarter was very accommodating and helpful on the phone. we tried several steps including hooking a trickle charger that i had for my generator starter battery to the unit and charging it overnight. i was doubtful that the battery was the culprit but i understand how in these circumstances you have to try the simple steps first. this morning i sent josh a message and he informed me that i should send a email to the kickstarter support stating that i needed another control unit. they will be sending me a unit out on monday which depending on shipping speed i'll see at the mid or end of next week. i'm guessing they don't have any units ready to be sent out today because i found the fact that it would be shipping on monday odd. not upset with mistbox just disappointed that i have to be the unlucky one who will be waiting an extra week and a half for a functional unit. i really hope i'm an isolated case and no other kickstarter or mistbox has to deal with this.
@jel you might check under the plastic formed piece for the bag of zip ties, antenna, and screw.  i thought i was missing the same items, but they are taped to the bottom of the plastic.
@jayrayuf - yeh, jason.  sorry you're having issues.  got your voicemail.  unfortunately, it can sometimes take more than 19 minutes to get back to people.  feel free to email us at ks@mistbox.com for faster service.  calling now.
well i feel i may be the first victim of a dud. or a non functional out of the box unit. at first it didn't have any juice to turn on and now when i test the unit with the test spray method nothing happens. checked all connections and seems to be something wrong with the valve release internally. it's getting water but not opening the valve. i'm hoping it's something that i can be walked through to fix although i already tried resetting it to factory settings.  left a message with their "technical support" team. the quotations are for the fact that really it's an automated voicemail that you leave your name number and problem on. pretty disappointed at the moment after waiting an additional 3 months into our hot season to receive the unit and now it's not functional.
star a sub-reddit; me hunting for an answer here does not work
@bbillingst  -  you shouldn't point the spray nozzles in.  we are trying to maximize evaporation of the water in the air before it enters the unit.  we've never heard of a customer having a problem with mist damaging a home, but if you are worried about it you can either use 3 bars only or double up on another side.  if you have follow up questions, please email our support team at ks@mistbox.com.
just a quick question on installation.... my ac unit has the slats like the picture on the top of the kickstarter page only mine are horizontal not vertical.  can i just point the misters directly into the slats on the side of the unit that is only 1 foot from my house so as to not damage my house with all the misting?  and if that is ok can i point all the misters on each side directly into the unit or will this negatively impact performance?  thanks for any help. can't wait to try it out!
@jel -  surprised to hear you didn't get the back with the mounting components and antenna.  please email us at ks@mistbox.com with your address and we'll send it out to quickly.  the zip ties will be the best mounting method for that style trane unit.
got mine monday, installed tuesday (easy), watched it work weds.  yes, the app sucks, but it does seem to be connected and reporting some status right.  it was 95 deg and 25% rh yesterday, and the registers were cooler.  the family commented that the house felt cooler, but may have noticed me working on the ac.  the control unit is in deep shade, but the battery doesn't look like it's draining yet.  i'm very happy so far. the manual needs work.  it's a quick start guide at best, and needs more troubleshooting data on the wireless connection. also more detail on everything you see on the display and in the app means.  i'm sure they'll get there. i contacted support to get a few questions answered (twice), and i got replies in an hour or so both times.
geez, one more thing. i didn't get an antenna. i only got the mistbox with the attached 30 feet of tubing and the 4 sprayers... nothing else except for the manual and paperwork.
sorry, one more comment: i have a trane ac unit that has diagonal slats... does the @creator have recommendations for mounting the sprayers? also, one side of the unit is very close to the outside wall of my house - if i mount it on that side, won't there eventually be water damage from the misting?
thought about installing the mistbox, but i don't have any clips or zip ties that were supposedly included in the package. can you please send the missing pieces?
i got my mistbox yesterday and finally opened it today. i'll probably install it in the next few days or so. while i can't speak of the install or functionality yet, i must say the packaging was really nice and had a great feel and design to it!
@jayrayuf - it shouldn't be dead that fast.  we have a solution for you.  please reach out to us via phone and we'll walk you through it.
i'm assuming the units didn't come pre-charged? i installed mine today after work and it was dark skies and about to storm so not a lot of sunlight. when i went to power it on nothing happened. so i guess you'll need some sun first before you can test the unit.
@creator thanks for the heads up that it won't run 100% of the time while the ac unit is. i had my family come over to show them this cool thing and suddenly it doesn't turn on. i've got it on cell phone video now as proof it works and will be pushing them to buy!
ok. the mistbox.com manual and the supplied manual are the same and good to go. the one within the app is apparently a dated version and needs updating. setup works with the first two. things to note. when you add a second unit or work through a second install, be it adding the unit or setting up wifi, it helps to completely clear the app from multitasking and reopen to see if the changes were made. the app does not refresh correctly. (thanks john). i now have both units installed and connected to wifi. another thing mentioned in the manual i overlooked and panicked about, the units will not always run when your ac kicks on. the mistbox algorithm does its own thing. still don't understand the logic there 100%. overall setup was pretty painless, and the units and packaging are impressive for the most part. more to come.
@the mister. so which one is the correct version, the one on the mistbox website, the one within the app, or the one in the supplied manual?
@cullen -  yeh, that must be an old pdf version without some updates.  we'll get that fixed immediately.  thanks.
fyi i also just noticed the user manual is different online than it is on the app. directions for wifi setup are very different. not sure which is supposed to be right but they are definitely not the same.
all  - first of all, we're really proud of mistbox... but we're a bit sheepish about the app right now. we know it's not good, the pieces are there... but it's not functioning correctly.  it will be very nice before long.  here's a few more pointers. 1)  mistbox only scans once for networks, at the moment you put it into wifi provisioning mode.  occasionally it will miss your network the first time, and you should wait 10 minutes for it to exit provisioning mode and try again.  sometimes orienting the antenna slightly sideways towards your router can help too. 2)  the goal right now is just to get connected to wifi.  once you get the wrench icon to go away, you're good to go.  before we can show you any meaningful data we have to collect data and do testing at your ac unit.  these can't be done until we're working with a good sample size.  the goal is to have the app clean by the time there is enough data to show meaningful numbers.  i believe this will be 4-6 weeks.  the good thing is you're not losing any savings. 3)  once you see mistbox cycle on/off once or twice with your unit... quit watching it.  :)  it will not always be running when your ac is running, even if it's 100 degrees.  our algorithm won't let it run nonstop so sometimes it will be in a timeout period.  we do this so as to never oversaturate the air or area around your unit.  also, as our algorithms get better, there will be other factors that come into play and we'll be optimizing misting specifically for your ac unit using humidity, ac unit efficiency, water cost, power cost, etc.  when the app is finished, you'll be able to enter all those constants (in a user friendly way) and misting will be optimized perfectly for your home and ac unit.   4)  many of your aren't realizing you can extend the tubing out from each spray bar.  when we explained that some of you would need more tubing, it was because even after extending it would be too short.  most of you will not require more tubing. 5)  email email email...  it's not that we don't want to talk to you.  on the contrary, we love talking to you.  it's just very, very few of you will have an issue unique to you.  the best way for us to get you fixed up is to copy/paste the perfectly worded answer that will help you understand what to do the quickest and easiest.  those that have emailed know we got back to all of you today very promptly.  those that called we also got back to as well.  please do us a favor and email us at ks@mistbox.com.  thanks! lastly, we're not going anywhere.  we'll be here to help you the same 3 years from now as we are this first weekend. if you're experiencing issues, we'll get you squared away eventually. indeed, sometimes we may probe to make sure you fully understand what you're looking at... but we aren't trying to cut corners in our customer support.  we won't be leaving anyone behind. glad you guys are impressed with the hardware!  we'll have the software worthy of mistbox soon as well! your friends at mistbox
i'm having app problems as well, it says my unit's filter is at 0% and other things but i realize it's still improving. i initially set up the unit on the ac and it went on and turned off perfectly about 4 times. then i realized the dang serial number was on the back and i forgot to write down the number so i took it off (white it was running) snapped a picture of the serial number, then put it back on. it shut off just as i was putting it back on (the ac was still running) and it has not come on since. i'm wondering if it was because of the temperature dropping as a storm rolled in so ill check it tomorrow. if it doesn't kick on i'm going to reset the device and see if it picks up the ac turning on and off then. super impressed overall.
mine initially connected to my wifi, but i tried reseting to factory defaults and now i cant reset the wifi?  also it didnt seem to shutoff, so i did a water test, it turn on,then off.  the temp has dropped a bit, but the ac kicked on and the ac didnt come on.
i can't get my units to respond to the wifi setup. guess i'll call in tomorrow.
both of my units show null null and don't appear to be really connected to the app. for instance, neither shows "unit on" when they are indeed on on the status page. is that how everyone's is for now? i registered both my units via the app but didn't go through the manual connect to wifi step. i guess that's what's wrong?
cullen:  i got the second unit to show up after i "added a unit" in the app.  i then had to close the app (fully close it by swiping when it is shown on multitasking screen).  then open the app and re-login.  i hope that helps.
joe:  they don't have an android app up yet (still being developed).  only app they have at this moment is for ios.  https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/mistbox/id921877526…
mistbox app
where do you download the method phone app? i don't see it in the google play store nor on the mistbox website.
just installed mine moments ago still dripping with sweat. units are working properly but the app still has bugs. nbd. i can't get it to register my second unit for some reason. i'm sure they are working the bugs out.
just got mine and installed. looks good and misters are going anytime the unit kicks on so that seems to be working. as kevin said below, you might have to tighten a misting nozzle or two if it is dripping (i had one that was doing this). i can't get the app to work right with it (had to use 3 different emails to register as it kept giving me errors) and it still doesn't see that it is on (and now has stopped acknowledging that i have a unit at all, just says "null") so i emailed about that and i'm sure will hear back from them shortly, but i know they said they are still working on the app so i assume app issues and interface will sort out eventually and isn't a big deal at the moment. the important thing is that the mistbox works and hopefully will start lowering my electric bills!
just got mine installed and running and looks good.  a couple of install notes: - may be useful to use teflon tape on the connection to the faucet to prevent any drips. - you will likely need to tighten the misting nozzles. it should only be mist with no drips. - if you have 2 ac units next to each other, mount the mist controller on the side away from the other unit as the other unit may turn on the mistbox
actually got my tracking later that afternoon. supposed to deliver today. i am stoked. thanks for the updates.
@cullen - to our knowledge, they were all going out today.  we had some boxes ordered to send multiple units out together, so they may not have gotten out the multiple unit orders i suppose. we're using a fulfillment house for packaging/shipping and they're now closed til 6am cst monday.
i haven't received a tracking update. i assume that more units are being sent out next week?
got my tracking info - looking forward to getting my mister up and running!
@creator- thanks! maybe you should send out an update with the smartphone app info and the link to the ios page: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/mistbox/id921877526
@sheldon - your mistbox, yes! :)  writing update tonight.
is the tracking number from drake fulfillment my mister??
@cullen - yes, you'll be emailed a tracking number to track the order.
is it safe to assume we will receive a tracking update when our orders ship?
the ios app is live.  the android app is in development currently and we're hoping to have it finished in the next 6 weeks.  mistbox can't show you data until it has collected it and tested for the first month, so you shouldn't be missing out much in the mean time.
@creator, is there a web app, or is the iphone app the only one available right now?  i have android, my wife has an iphone 4.
@isaac  -  check out www.mistbox.com to see some videos where you can see the product in action and see the packaging. the mistbox app is live on the app store now.  we're about to push a new version that fixes a few bugs.  we'll be focusing more on polishing the app more as soon as these units go out next week.
@creator, can you post some pictures of the finished product, the packaging, and update us on the status of the smartphone apps?
really hot in texas, as you know. i'd love to hookup my units and get up and running...
josh, any update on this? thank you, sr
it is sad that someone (me) has to make an irate post to get a response from the creators when many people have been asking politely. this is bad communication on the creators' part. in any case, i still want my mister, so keep up the hard work.
agreed with pete: please continue to take your time ensuring the best possible shipped product. this just goes to show how conscientious you guys are and how you honestly want to make the best product. i'm looking forward to it - thankss mister!
hey, looking for my tracking number.  i see that those individuals who ordered online, via the mistbox site, all have their tracking numbers and are getting their units this week.  so i figure that it's just an oversite that the backers haven't gotten their tracking numbers yet.  right?
josh, thanks for the update. i don't think anyone would argue the point you're making. get it right before shipping it. thanks for sharing what is happening.
@daniel/pete  -  i've been waiting to update with definitive information.  if an assurance that it won't be 6 weeks before delivery is what you're seeking... that you can be sure of.  there is one last thing i'm waiting on before hopefully updating everyone with a guarantee that all rewards will ship by july 4th.  when i'm 100% sure, i'll update everyone.  we could have had all the product out a week ago if we didn't care about doing everything within our power to make sure mistbox works from for you now, and 5 years from now.  by adding a few last minute features on the onboard software now, we are locking up the ability to continually improve your mistbox units as our algorithms improve over the coming years. at the end of the day, we don't want to compound the mistake we made on the timetable by making the mistake of hastily shipping out a product without adequate testing. mistbox was designed to last and save you money for 10 years. however, if we don't get the hard coded software perfect, we could lost the ability to improve your product over that period. there are things we can update remotely... and there are things we cant. josh teekell ceo mistbox
i am extremely frustrated at this point. this product is extremely behind schedule, and the developers are barely communicating with their backers. either give us the product or give us a refund!
feels like 95 in atl, if you need me. creator, can you provide an update? they say you can't over communicate. thanks.
last communication was "we expect half the rewards to ship late next week, with the remainder shipping the following week. we'll do our best to prioritize shipments by geography - so those of you in the hottest climates should receive your units first!" (june 5th).  did half the units get shipped last week?  i know you are working as hard as you can to meet your schedule, but could you please let the backers know where things stand?  looking forward to getting my 2 devices.
comment in update from june 5: creator the mister about 5 hours ago jeremy, we discovered a bug in the software that was increasing power consumption and was draining the battery too fast. we began testing full production units when we finally received those batteries in. it's fixed and we're putting the code through final testing now on an actual production unit. we do all the hardware design in house but the wifi software work is outsourced and therefore doesn't turn around very quickly. will be doing another update soon.
fingers crossed that my unit will be heading my way this week. i've been in the 90's for well over a month now here in florida and looking forward to that extra boost for my system.
93 degrees here in philly today!  looking for a shipping update on this.  sure would like to have it before the cooling season is done...
still hoping to get this in this years cooling season! :)
it's getting warm in ks. just wondering if any of the units have shipped yet.
would like a refund given you did not ship products when you stated you would.  i have no need for your product now.
@duncan - there are no pre-orders. we aren't advertising yet. we are however, doing a pr release and official product launch thursday so we needed everything to look live on website.
so the mistbox website says that pre-orders will ship by june 15th!  as the people who made this possible we're still on track to receive our devices before those ordering online, correct?
@arckal - oh, and the ios app will be ready and the android one may be developed soon.  all the hard work was on the backend so android development can happen quickly.
@arckal - the ios app has been submitted to the apple store. we'll be updating it on the fly over the first few months.  the good news is we'll be receiving savings information wirelessly from the first day you install mistbox, regardless of any app bugs.  the app will be live, but admittedly we'll be switching our focus from hardware to software after getting these units out to you guys.  fortunately, updating the app is easy. :)
any idea about ios and android apps, when they would be available to download?
glad to hear that shipping will begin next week!  we've been in the 90s already and seeing more of the 90s this week.
still anxious -- we've been over 100f for several weeks here in phoenix!
sorry, not sure why that comment posted again.  thanks for the update.  i'll tell my friend (who ordered online, and brought the site to my attention) that it was really a pre-order and i'll be getting mine first.
just to confirm - those of us that have been waiting for more then a year since we backed this will receive our orders before you beginning shipping the ones that you're selling at the mistbox.com website.  right?
@jel - we'll be doing an update thursday and it will be good news. @duncan - correct. we are just doing test advertising right now.  to properly test conversion, we decided to not put pre-order.  we're done with the tests now though and are changing to pre-order status now.
just to confirm - those of us that have been waiting for more then a year since we backed this will receive our orders before you beginning shipping the ones that you're selling at the mistbox.com website.  right?
@creator - can you please send out an update when you know the status of the shipping? i'm sure most of us would appreciate a notification due to the encroaching summer heat. thanks, and can't wait to get my mister!
second day of 90's here on the west coast.  air conditioning has been kicking on, can't wait to get the mister working!
looking forward to receiving the mistbox. anecdotal experience yesterday:  it was low 80s in the early evening around 630.  the ac was on.  it began to rain, after a couple of minutes, the air coming from vents was noticeably cooler.
@ chris, no doubt about that. my worst experience is the cst-01 "the worlds thinnest watch" here at kickstarter  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1655017763/cst-01-the-worlds-thinnest-watch/description they were 5 times over funded and took millions of dollars from 7000 backers about 2 years ago and didn't deliver a thing but keep pretending they are working on the project so they don't have to refund anybody. now they are pretending they are out of funds which they can't prove they actually spent and probably kept for themselves. almost kept me away from kickstarter but the mister is just too cool to not want to have one. :-)
i have campaigns over 14 months late with no delivery insight and another campaign that pretty much told all the backers that without $100k we were all s.o.l. considering that its only may and the mistbox did a full redesign, and it giving updates and being transparent... these guys and their backers are ahead of the game 10 fold.
@creator- yeah i wouldn't be allowed near a keyboard if i created a project. i would get in a ton of trouble running my mouth with some of the whiny backers. haha
thanks mr. mister, you guys rock!!!
@j s - we could definitely delay the shipping if you would like, though we really hope and expect that won't be necessary. @jayrayuf - well played, sir. we've got a couple samples from our battery supplier that we could use for him if it became necessary.  incidentally, we chatted with chris via pm and we're cool now. this kickstarter business is stressful. :)
you know that guaranteed date you told chris is starting to sound pretty good. can i have his spot? haha
thanks guys and don't worry. i at least can wait. temps are unusually mild here and without having to use the ac our solar cells generate more than we can use.  the home land security thing shows that their actions can effect people and businesses even if they "don't have anything to hide" anyways, wrong forum for that. :p  in 3 weeks from now i'll be in foreign countries until august 10. do you think you will be able to delay the shipping to me for a few months if you can't ship to me within the next 3 weeks? thank you.
thanks for the update!
@duncan - we just posted an update. expect to ship soon but there is some uncertainty about when due to a customs hold on our batteries. see update for details.
any chance we can expect to receive the mister this cooling season?  my ac is humming like mad these days, i had been lead to believe this would strapped on the side of it by now.
i'd like to get my money back.
whoa! creator here. it appears one of our lackeys had a few cocktails and smarted off at a backer managing our comments page. he's been fired...  while it's hard for us to guarantee an exact date, we are working as fast as we can to get mistbox out to all of you asap.
tell you what chris, we can commit to sending your reward out may 26th next day air... that way you can make plans to receive may 27th, exactly. the rest of the backers should expect their units to ship earlier, sometime next week per our comment below.
that doesnt give a date, thats a broad range.
@chris- see 8 posts below for explanation of shipping timeline.
i'll double down on my and jon's posts... do you have an estimated shipping date?
@jon t - see below
are you guys close to a shipping date?
@mgk1 - gotcha, good idea for that application. if you are in need of a supplier let us know in a pm.
@creator, i don't need a spitter.  my faucet is around the corner from the air compressor and i want to make sure the supply line is very close to the house so it is not noticeable.  i want to use a 90 deg connector around the corner.
@mgk1 - we include a 30' line of 3/8" supply tubing with the appropriate adaptors. if you are referencing a splitter, you can pick that up at a hardware store. the tubing we supply is flexible and still uv tolerant, and can be buried if need be as well.
what kind of water supply tubing will be included?  i will need to get some 90 degree connectors for the supply tubing.  any suggestions?
our very last plastic parts is scheduled for a thursday delivery and is being air mailed from china. from there we'll work double time on assembly and quality test every unit. hoping to begin shipping units on the 19th. our only variable remaining is us customs for those last parts. fingers crossed.
when is the next official update planned for release? thank you.
we are very quickly approaching mid may... still on track?
@marcus  -  please see our update on april 20th.... early to mid may.
when is approximate shipping? thank you.
new design looks guys guys, nice job!
@edward  -  we are still hoping for the last few days of april... but it could slide to the first part of may.  we'll be doing an update soon with our best timetable estimate.  no big surprises though.  all is going well.
@creator - are you still on track to get this to us by may?
getting pretty excited; just ran a dedicated 1/2" line for these units. man copper has gotten expensive so i learned how to run pex underground. had to turn the a/c on last week for the first time here in phoenix.
cullen, those are just some left over beta units we have in inventory. they don't have solar power, wi-fi, or the app.  they still work great... just no new features.
how is this available for sale on amazon yet no units are shipping to kickstarters? #confused
its the end of that 'next week' you spoke to. how about that update.
hopefully in the weeds in a busy way and not a units delayed until july way. we have had highs in the 90's recently and i'm looking forward to utilizing my mister.
we are very much in the weeds... but plan on an update mid next week.  we should have some cool stuff to show you by then.
it's been a month since we last heard ... about time for an update?
also interested in how things are coming along.   help us very clingy startkickers get our details....mmmm details.
hmm... how about an update? ¿qué hay de una actualización? que diriez-vous une mise à jour? どのように更新はどうですか？
how about an update, its been a month so im interested in the "goings" on.
@kyle  -  the tax certificate needed for the 30% tax credit will be included with the unit.  pm us with your email if you want a copy now.  please consult your tax advisors for guidelines.
is there any word on when you will be sending out the tax credit certificates? don't we need it to claim this on our 2014 taxes?
@andrew  -  as long as the life of the water starts off meeting municipal standards, you should be fine.   @brett  -  we are working on a product that would do something similar, check out site this spring.
@cory  -  unfortunately, we are not tax professionals.  if you pm us, we can give you some rules of thumb that you might choose to go by.
how will the green tax credit certificate work exactly ? if we paid for the product in 2014, but are receiving the certificate with the product in 2015 ? :) can we claim a 2015 tax credit for something that was purchased in 2014 ?
the closest spigot to my air handler is reclaimed water.  i'm curious how this will affect the performance of the mister.  i actually plan on adding a new fresh water spigot just for the mister, but i'm still curious as to what ya'll think the effects would be if i or anyone else used reclaimed water.
is there anyway to connect this to a wireless valve on the hose so when it needs water it turns it on? my facet constantly leaks if on...
got the survey. thanks guys. :-))
nice job guys! look forward to installing your product, saving money and being one of the first backers to help launch this. good luck with everything and happy holidays!
congrats on a successful kickstarter funding....looking forward to the end product
edward/tony  -  yes, you will be supplied with clips.  they're made out of a completely uv tolerant material so they'll last.  you will want to take the mister down in freezing temps, but it shouldn't take more than a few minutes at the end/beginning of the season. jel -  thanks!  we're excited and getting back to work.
whoops, i for some reason thought it would install with zip ties, i think it uses clips?  i am concerned with sun damage over time making them brittle.  but that is for the future....
@tony - hmm so no zip ties for us.  going to have to figure out a secure mount system vs zip ties or i will be installing and cutting once a year....
i i asked them that edward. bring it inside during winters. pretty much follow the boat season.
congrats on getting funded!
those of us in four season country (michigan) will need to winterize the unit or remove it and bring it in?  did i miss this in the discussion. btw congrats on successful funding
@doug  -  secondary water should not be a problem as long as it meets the fda minimum drinking water standards as far as tds and dissolved compounds are concerned.  if in doubt, get a sample tested... there are many places that will do an evaluation for you for little cost.  your two stage system should respond well to pre-cooling. the integral temperature controller should work in tandem with the pre-cooling operation which will yield excellent results! :)
i have a high efficiency unit with a 2 stage compressor. any thoughts on operation or calculation of savings with that type of system?  the system's outdoor thermometer is in the ac unit so i imagine it will show a cooler temp when the mister is operating. the marketing material of the ac implies the system takes into account the outside temp to know how to adjust operation. i also plan to use secondary (untreated) pressurized water. any thoughts on whether that will be a problem?
@adao  -  the mister's control unit decides when the unit should run based on whether or not the a/c unit is running.  therefore, you'd need two mister units to have the whole house covered... one for each a/c unit. you could just get one, but you would only be saving on one unit.
if i have a two ac units (upstairs/downstairs) setup, i'll need two misters or just one make the work?
will this work on a window wall banger ac unit?
i agree with david, the company should never risk reputation and liability by encroaching on any law no matter how void of value said law is.   with that said, i'll be looking to hook a rain water barrel up to it and will let you all know how it goes once i get my units.   now to find a good solar pump...
yeah but a rain water barrel company has never been charged.
also in some states and countries it's illegal to collect rainwater. don't ask we to make sense of this law but it could bring the company unwanted attention. it's rare, but people have been charged for it.
@brandon  -  we have considered this, but we wanted the mister to work all the time with a dependable water supply.  there are pumps already on the market that could be used to rig the mister up to run on rain water... should you so choose. after the craziness of the campaign, we plan to set up a blog where we cover every single "special case" that could arise for some people.  we have had quite a few people contact us who really want the mister, but don't have a traditional setup.  we look forward to being able to help them all get squared away before next summer!
stretch goal idea:  create a pump system to allow the mister to run off a rain barrel.
@isaac  -  yes, the mister will track its own run time, as well as be able to calculate total water consumption.
stretch goal idea - rain sensor
stretch goal idea - rain sensor
@creator, will the mister inform the user how much water it used the past day/month/arbitrary-time-period?
@zmocar  -  the water flow through the mister is about 5 gal/hr.  for comparisons stake, a toilet flush uses 5-7 gallons of water.  a 2.5 gal tank would not hold sufficient water.  the mister is designed to run on regular ground water pressure alone but will need to be pressurized at all times.  see our latest stretch goal for more about water pressure.
@tuan, i will pm you with a more extensive response, but the short answer is no, you have nothing to worry about.  unlike earlier attempts by inventors to utilize misting systems, we have design the mister with an advance water treatment system that not only eliminates deposits or corrosion, but actually will remove any existing deposits and increase the lifespan of your ac unit.
i am curious if the small filter is able to remove enough of the minerals from the water to prevent lime/mineral deposits on the a/c cooling fins? typically getting rid of hard water requires pretty expensive water softener filtration system. i pledged for two units and am excited about the potential savings, however, would hate to have to replace entire ac unit in the near future because for scale/lime build up on ac cooling fins. also about how much water does it use per hour of run time? living in dfw area and it does get pretty hot like houston, but not luckily as humid.
i have a roof mounted system and probably won't be running a hose up to the mister.  i was figuring in the future to tap into my home water lines located under the unit in the attic.  my question was how much water is used for the mister?  would a pressurized water container like a 2.5 gallon water fire extinguisher be enough for a day? week? month?  i am located in a low humidity, high temperature area during the summers.
@mark  -  we answered your pm but i wanted answer you here as well.  when you receive 2 units, all necessary splitters will be included.  you will be able to continue using your spigot for other things as well.
congratulations on such outstanding success in such a short period of time.  god bless you in this mission. cheryl
@minsc&boo, so long as your hvac system has an external heat exchange similar to the one shown in our video you will have no trouble using the mister.
@minsc&boo your inside air is being cooled by your ac and blown back in. its a closed system. the excess heat however stays on the outside of your house and is removed from your ac by its fan blowing outside air over your acs heat exchanger. if this outside air is being cooled by the mist it will make your acs heat exchange more efficient and reduce the workload.  i guess once the creator verifies this you can buy one too. :-)
i was all ready to buy this great product but unfortunately i forgot that my daiken hot/cold ducted system has the "air intake" unit inside the house, mounted in the ceiling. so i'll have to decline. good luck and hopefully everything works out! p.s do all other a/c have their "air in" units on the outside of the house?
for a 2 unit system, will the mister ship with the proper hose splitter (1->3) so that i will have access to my normal spigot?  if not, will the 2 the mister unit's be able to connect together so that they can feed into a normal splitter (1->2)?
@weisan, the mister was developed and tested right here in houston, texas where it is both hot and humid for a significant portion of the year.  while you may see less savings (20-30%) compared to places that are hot and dry like vegas (40%)  you will still see great savings.  in a place like singapore we would expect that you will see tremendous value because while your unit will run the entire year instead of seasonally! @jeremy hass, our solar panel was designed to work with only ambient lighting available, no direct sun is necessary
i have a question about power. if my a/c unit is near a tree and in the shade all day long i'm not sure a solar powered unit will work for me, can it use regular batteries as well?
@creator any idea what the rough power savings would be if i live in a place with high humidity (70-80%rh)? i'd expect it to be lower but am curious as to how much lower.
hi, is the green credit guaranteed? is it an above or below the line deduction? thanks
@abdul halim mat ali: abdul, it certainly does!  the mister will be beneficial to people who live in warm climates and frequently use their ac, globally.  we have backers from all over the world!
@creator.  does mister work outside usa?
awesome, thanks!  just realized you are in houston.  i live in sugar land...too cool you guys are local.
@brandon griffin:  $260 will be fine. if you would, please send us a pm too. thank you for the support!!
my house has 3 units...i backed the two unit early bird option.   can i add a specific amount to my pledge to get a 3rd unit?  if so, how much?
as a fellow houstonian, i am looking forward on getting these in time for the summer heat for my two a/c units.
@santiago - while there would certainly be some benefit, the mister wasn't really designed to work with such units.
does it work with dual hose portable a/c units as well?
i'm definitely getting this.
great campaign... let's keep the this going!
arckal  - perhaps, go ahead and pm us with your feedback.  we are tracking all of it using the notes dashboard there.  thanks!
@creator what if someone don't need an extra 30' hose, can they get something similar like additional filter or metal nozzle etc?
marc, the mister already comes with an integrate bracket in the back of the housing.  all you'll have to do to take it down for the winter is take out one screw. then unscrew the filter and hose from the bottom of the control unit.
if it should be removed in freezing winters, a stretch goal could be a quick-release bracket. looking forwards to reducing my a/c power bill next year. great work.
@christian  -  thanks for the support!  we plan to fulfill in april, 2015. @mike h.  -  the mister will work on any air-cooled system.  as long as you have the access and permission to install it.  go for it!
wow that's is awesome about the 30% from the government thing :) does it work with any kind of ac or a specific type? like could i install this in my apartment?
number one: this is awesome, i could totally use some extra savings number two: when can i get one? number three: i like the name btw xd
cody, yep, michael loves the mister, he's got 2 at this home. here's the simple explanation possible. the savings will be calculated by routine tests to gather data at different climate conditions with and without the mister running.  by using the relationship between the emf we are measuring and the current being pulled, we can track power usage.  then, the tests will indicate the impact the mister is having in different temperature and humidity conditions.  the app will connect to a reliable weather api for humidity levels, and of course we are measuring the temperature with the control unit.  once we know a savings metric for each situation, then we simply take the climate data and do the math.  the final piece for the savings calculation is your local power cost per kwh.  we should be able to calculate savings quite precisely. hope that helps.
awesome idea! i've been intrigued since the first time michael berry mentioned it on his show...1 1/2ish years ago(?). happy to be a backer! the screen shots of the prototype app in use on your funding page shows calculated savings. what is this taking into consideration to arrive at that figure?
i agree with @corey regarding the blue color, however i think clear tubing is the better bet.
@corey, patience, grasshopper. :)  if everyone shares the campaign with their friends and family, we'll bring out all the bells and whistles before we're finished...
are the hose/filter connectors metal?  they look plastic. if you are looking for stretch goal upgrades, you could change that.  :)
brilliant idea! especially with the smart connection technology. can not wait to use the mister. awesome work getting funded in the first 24 hours!
@pete, daniel, stephen, cheryle, jamie, john, and hugo thank you all for the kind words.  we are very excited to have hit our goal in under 24 hours.  we've a bit overwhelmed by the support, but excited!! :) @michael  -  pm us and we can send you some studies @awkward hamster llc  -  you don't have to, but we do recommend it... especially since it literally takes 60 seconds to take down and put back up.  even though the system drains out after every use, if you're in an area with heavy freezes it's probably best.
sounds like a great idea, wishing you all the best, hope my contribution helps!
great idea! this is going to really help my energy bills this next season.
do we have to remove the mister before winter?
every little helps well done
congratulations on going over the pledged amount of $50,000 goal!
i live in houston so i can really use some ac relief. i jumped on the super early bird. my brother owns an ac and heating service company in fort worth. i sent him the link to get his thoughts on this project. he said that there is no way that you're going to see the savings that are claimed here. do you have any documented evidence of this claim? i'm keeping an open mind for now.
this looks great, a 30% saving is amazing. good luck!
it's a perfect time to buy it! wish i already had one!
great idea. happy to be a backer. fingers crossed that you'll meet the deadlines as outlined. i'm in ga and the ac portion of the hvac system definitely gets fired up in april. best of luck!
chris, thanks for the kind words. #pathto$1mm
i know this works, because a few weeks ago i had my av serviced and the repairman said if you want to increase the efficiency of the cooling unit spray a little water on the cooling fins now and then. great idea with the wireless connectivity, etc. hope you make a million!
tony, yes, the wireless antenna has a huge range and will connect to your home wireless network.
does the wireless antenna need to be connected to your home wifi?
great idea - sort of like the old swamp cool concept applied to ac units!
oh this is great! is it a pretty easy installation? i'm rather ignorant when it comes to home care :p
jel, sure thing!  the water does come from the spigot (faucet/bib).  we include a hose and a splitter to save you a trip to the hardware store.  the water is always pressurized to the control unit.  the control unit will have a pressure sensor that will alert you of a sudden pressure drop... i/e, a dog chewed up the hose and it's now leaking.  also, we have an exciting stretch goal for this that hopefully we can announce very soon.
can you talk more about the water supply? does it just connect to a hose spigot that is always on?
this is ingenious!! i hope you're up and running by summer, i can't stand the heat!! doesn't help that i'm in texas lol
thoroughly awesome campaign, most triumphant !
corey, you can stock up on filters if you wanted to keep supplied in advance. the filtration media is inert and will keep indefinitely if kept dry.   correct, the water supply comes from a normal hose outlet (faucet, spigot).  we include a hose and splitter to get you going.
@creator, thanks.  i'm not worried so much about price as i am availability.  luckily the enclosure for the filter is external and probably on a standard fitting so in theory, if you had to change it we could do so easily. the instructions say to connect the hose to the water supply.  you are referring to a normal hose outlet, not something on the ac unit itself right?
andrew, just sent my contribution.  best wishes for a great success to you and your friends.
corey, they are not proprietary per se. but we did have to design and manufacture a custom fitting that goes into them.  we buy them in bulk from the premier supplier in the usa and our price of $29.99 is below what they retail similar filters for.
on the filters, are these proprietary, meaning we have to go back through you to get them?  i would much rather them be widely available.
save 30% on my a/c bill? who wouldn't want that? hope to see this succeed!
this is going to be amazing for hot arizona summers.  my utility bill is upwards of $300 in the summer, i can't wait to see some savings once i have this installed!  great idea for a product.
@michael, joe k, joe, adam, and abraham.  appreciate the kind words and support!
this is a great money saving idea.  best of luck with the campaign!
an awesome idea!
this looks great, hoping i can save a good amount of money
this is a great idea and i will be watching closely! technology has its benefits!
practically pays for itself in the first season!!! glad to show my support.
arckal, technically it operates the same for all units, however, since older units are often the most inefficient... yes, we'd expect exceptional savings on a unit that old.
thanks for the support, corey! 1) the material we use for the housing is very light colored.  while it may be possible to color it, we didn't want the control unit to be absorbing unnecessary heat from the sun.  most people actually mount it on the side facing the wall so it's out of sight. that doesn't make for a pretty thumbnail picture though! :) 2) we recommend replacing the filter annually, but it could certainly last longer.  the control unit will alert you via email or sms when the filter life hits 10%. 3) all of our calculations for the solar panel were based on ambient light only, not direct sun.   4) yes, it is.  the battery should last 5+ years but we have designed the housing so that the battery can be easily replaced if needed. 5) there really isn't any routine maintenance needed. we really haven't noticed nozzles clogging often.  however, if one does, just insert a paper clip into the orifice to clear the debris. the nozzles twist off very easily if you'd like to soak them in a solvent annually.
@creator i second to questions raised by @corey. i guess it will work with older ac unites, mine is 18 years old.
few questions: 1.  does it come in black?  all that white and blue against a dark gray unit looks a tad tacky. 2.  what is the life expectancy of the filter?  are they standard or proprietary? 3.  what if an ac unit does not get enough direct sunlight for the solar panel? 4.  is the battery user replaceable?  5.  how hard is it to clean the sprayers for the misters?  (i live in fl and if it's outside, it gets dirty/sandy/moldy easily)
