finally tried it out. was way too windy and it ended up turning my drone into a sail, flying backwards (even when my throttle was full force forward). thankfully it was just a broken propellor blade. going to have to wait until it's not windy to try again.
i apologize for my comment about being disappointed with the performance of the waterstrider. i have a cracked shell that causes the erratic flight when i attach the waterstrider. great product the waterstrider. keep up the good work. by the way thanks david moser of waterstrider for your email.
hi mike, what you're describing is not typical.  we'll reach out via e-mail (whatever email you use when you backed the project) to help you troubleshoot the issue.  and thank you for being a backer!
well , i am not impressed. my phantom 3 advanced says that there is a obstructed  motor whenever i put the waterstrider on and flys erratically. flys fine without the waterstrider. why?
got mine today! can't wait to try it out, as soon as it stops raining!
thanks for the kind words brian!  we hope you love yours as much as we love ours :-)
just got mine today and cannot wait to put it together and take it to the back yard and head for the lake!  looks well made and i have no doubt it will be!  thanks waterstrider for one of the best run kickstarter campaigns i have seen  yet!
no problem jack.  we'll direct message you to confirm!
any chance i can change from all white pots to red and white pots from the picture in the post? jack
@kris, the kit is fully compatible with the phantom 4.
hi jon, is the kit compatible with phantom 4? thanks.
hey jon, it's not a silly question!  the short answer is that the carbon fiber cross-bar will not block the camera when it's pointed straight down, because we've set it far enough aft to stay out of the way.  we think dji got it right when they called a drone a "flying camera", and that last thing we want to do is block the field of view!  if you take a look at the main campaign video starting at 2:37, there is a video shot with waterstrider installed and the camera pointing straight down.  hope this helps!
probably a silly question that has already been answered before, but i must have missed it on a first pass if so: will the carbon fiber cross bar block the camera view when shooting straight down? i'm very excited about this product and looking forward to receiving mine in any case, but i hadn't noticed this potential issue with the design. i'm likely missing something. if it does obstruct the view (or if the rest of the apparatus does in a material way), could you post a few shots to give us a sense of how significant the obstruction(s) is/are? i believe the pods should stay clear of the fov due to the angles, but not sure how the cross bar will stay clear of it. thanks!
yes!!!  100.14%!!!!!!!!  this is now a reality!  my credit card has just been billed for $21,123 (lol!)-- so excited for you guys!  watch-out fish in the pond! (lol-2) …and still time to hit 200%! a lot of work and more in front but i feel like i was going thru a job search and just got the call "you've got it"!   nice job waterstrider and dronerafts llc team!!!!  this has been great and glad i can bbq tomorrow and i don't have to check the web every 37 minutes… !!! all right -- putting on my yellow props (just dyed them) -- now that's another fun thing to do with  your phantom drone - dye the props and/or prop guards to increase visibility!  and with the front red pods on the waterstrider-- this is going to be a fun summer! congrats!  you made us all winners!! saturday 28 may 2016   14:44
planting the garden today -- wish i could attach a photo of the pond where i hope to be landing my p3s in july-august!  still not 100% - at 99.18% with 143 pledges and 57 hours to go as i write this which means one pledge for a ws with a couple t-shirts will take this great project over the top!  seems a bunch of $5 pledges are coming-in -- but it will take 37 more of those if someone doesn't go for a waterstrider!!  my estimate for hitting 100% was 11 am central time - missed that but hoping later this afternoon we'll see 100%+ -- exciting times (hey i see a backer who has backed over 700 projects?  wow-- i find that amazing!!  way to go!!)  saturday 28 may 2016 13:09---
98.91% -- $245 to go -- one more waterstrider pledge and a few t-shirts-- this just has to happen - i've already organized the bbq at my pond for sat 13 august (just in case there is a production delay…)--- let's do it guys!!!  bring your drone and waterstrider!  this should be a blast - flying my sister-in-law in from avignon, france…  this is gonna be one fine fete!  magnifique !  superb !  félicitations ! i'm predicting 11 am cst tomorrow for the over the hill announcement (over-the-hill?!)---
so close!!
you're right in that it's been quite a trip, stephen!  but it looks like the generosity and efforts of our backers is going to make this product a reality!  we're 97% funded, and we hope to make this a successful campaign asap!
t-78 hours and counting…  this is almost as much fun as flying my drones!  soon i'll be able to say "been there, done that, got the t-shirt"!  ok about 3 drones and 5 t-shirts should put this ks over the minimum!  this is more nerve-wracking than owning aapl!  but both are a ride and both fun--  i am just waiting for the time i land my p3s next to a friendly goose at our pond…  looking forward to the first annual waterstrider splashdown event!!  i'll be following the next 3 days while i'm grilling…  friday 27 may 2016 16:31  (you guys will be glad to have this over just to have my comments end!!)  it's gonna happen!  even if i have to purchase another 30 t's!!!
t-3 days and counting!  feel like i'm back in the gemini program…  ok still $450/day to achieve or 3 pledges at $159 each for 3 days - 9 more!  (seems that ks doesn't count the postage?!)-- anyway this is very close now - and let's go for 110% or even better!  everyone watching this may wish to go in and add $25 to their pledge (get that t-shirt!!).  let us know what we can do!  friday 27 may 2016
backers lets get the word out more. time is flying by and we want to be able to fly safely over water in july!!!!!! let's get the band wagon moving and finish this waterstrider project. let's not let too many drones drown over the weekend holiday.  happy flying!!!!!
thanks for the effort stephen.  we really appreciate it!
just got a "no" from a local potential distributor.  but if the project succeeds they may contact you as a number of their customers have lost drones in the water here in northeastern wisconsin.  i'll keep pushing!
thanks!  we've got plans a-z all in full gear, and it looks like it's working!  we're still really hopeful that this project is going to be successfully funded, but every bit counts at this point.  so thanks for your, and all the other backers's help!
wow - great progress the past 24 hours!  still $975/day to achieve this but now that you have put plan b in to effect -- move to plan c -- remember, this is memorial day weekend and for many it starts tomorrow-- and when people are out bbqing (and flying their drones) they may not be thinking of pledging!  so you need to try to get over the $22,500 in the next 24 hours if possible.  and then there is plan-d --- have that ready too -- you are so close now-- there are kickstarters out there getting 800% over asked amount for projects that are really not 1/10th as innovative or exciting as waterstrider!  i'm encouraging neighbors to pledge!!  stay positive-- but pro-active -- you don't want to miss this being so close!!
btw, we'd love ideas for what kind of other rewards to add!  please comment here!
great question stephen!   kickstarter doesn't allow for multiple reward selections.  so just add $25 to your existing pledge, send us a message, and we'll send you both!  we encourage everyone to consider buying a tee-shirt as an add-on to help this campaign succeed!
ok my friend is pledging for one waterstrider tonight!  but i have a question:  how do i add a t-shirt or other pledge to my existing one?  i have gone in but nothing is clickable now.  do i have to go in and change my existing pledge?  let me know!  thanks, steve
wow the new video is just a blast--- now i want this more than ever-- you are still $6,000 away and only 6 days-- what to do?  can you add a $50 special in addition to the free-bee?  (is that how you spell freebie?) anyway -- 112 backers each contribute another $50 and you are very close-- there have to be some friends out there-- like 1000 people (there are 7,100,000,000 on the planet) each just did a $5.00 contribution and i'm guessing if you get that close your parents your neighbors your…  will help to push you over the top!!  let me know about that $50 special!  this just has to happen!  what are you going to do if it doesn't happen, go to b-school or something exciting like that?  lol but come on let's do it!
with just over a week to go i think now you're in the stage where you really want to contact your friends and family but also maybe come out with some type of plea to existing contributors / backers for them to be able to purchase for example: one year of repair service for $50 or i don't know you've got to get innovative you've got to put on your thinking cap and brainstorm this to get over $800 of support each day for the next eight days…. let us know what we can do here.
backers we need to get the word out to our friends fast as the time is running down.  we want to fly in july with our waterstrider!!!! tell your friends today.  let's fly safely over and on and off water with waterstrider!!!!    gary h.
…and if kickstarter prohibits you from directly contributing… well i don't think there are any rules about friends contributing…!!
thanks for the suggestions stephen!  unfortunately it's against kickstarter's rules to self-fund.  short of that, we're definitely doing everything we can think of to make this project a success!  thanks again!
hey less than $8,000 to go!  but that is still $660/day for 12 days-- push push!  and since you have such a large team here -- why not consider this:  when you are down to t-2 days, take the remaining amount, divide it by the number of team members and each contribute that plus $1.00 to be sure!  example:  t-2 days you are still $5,000 short.  you have 5 key team members - so each contributes $1,001 -- and you are on your way!  this project could really take-off once it goes commercial and you have done so much work here-- i would think a personal investment would be more than well-rewarded!  think of it like going to an interview across the country for a job you really want.  but this company doesn't reimburse travel expenses.  well most times you'd say "no thank you" - but for this project, this job-- you really want it so you buy the plane ticket - take a shot at it--- and if kickstarter prohibits you from directly contributing…  well i don't think there are any rules about friends or family contributing…!! best of success-- i've seen el cheapo floats made from $2 styrofoam pool noodles-- but they say they are an emergency float only.  here-- you have created the amphibian phantom -- that could even be a marketing jingle "turn your phantom into an amphantom"…  (well check with dji before doing that!!)-- best of success - i'm getting my neighbor to become a backer today!!  steve wednesday 18 may 2016
thanks for all your contributions stephen!  we really appreciate it! we also agree that we need to get the word out more, so we've invested in some advertising (including some a big phantom specific forum).  we are hopeful that this will help create the attention we need and kick things into high gear!
thanks for your reply 2 days ago -- i realize that most of these campaigns have a rush of contributors/backers in the first few days/weeks.  then it tapers-off.  in the past 48 hours there has not been a single contribution to this kickstarter.  what magic is going to happen that will encourage people to jump on-board in the final days?  there also has not been another comment (other than mine) in the past 2 weeks…  i've posted to facebook, local drone clubs and the dji site.  not sure what else i can do other than purchase 50 more waterstriders!  (and that would not be enough!) -- ok i'm trying to be constructive here-- good luck and perhaps another update would help-- but you need to reach new people, not existing pledgers…  best of success,  steve friday 13 may 2016
hey stephen! we're ~½ way through the campaign and ~½ funded, and we believe we've learned a lot from auvsi that we're incorporating into our page (just today we added quotes from experts, and we have other changes in the works).  we're also learning how to better target potential customers with word of mouth and advertising (we're engineers, not marketers.)  it's also very normal for the middle of a ks campaign to slow down just a bit compared to the beginning and end, so we're confident we can still meet the threshold!  (btw, kickstarter forbids extending the campaign and/or changing the requested funding amount, so those aren't options.  we're also limited on what else we can add in without loosing money in the process given our current costs.)   as always, thanks for the comment!
you still need $539/day for the next 19 days -- which i believe is way over the current contribution rate.  anyway that you can request a 2-week extension or something?  or add some additional rewards or a bonus or something to encourage backers here?  i've posted on pinterest but not sure i have a million followers…  maybe you could encourage things like that?  keep us updated.  thanks,  steve on wednesday 11 may 2016
hi stephen! thanks for the excellent suggestions.   we're working very hard to get the word out in multiple ways.  we've issued many dozens of press releases (each being time consuming because of unique requirements, but we're also slowly being picked up by multiple news sources), we've visited one of the biggest drone conferences in the world (where we make a lot of contacts and got great feedback), and we're dedicating lots of time and money to validating the phantom 4 asap.   we also agree that we've done a poor job at explaining how much technology and engineering went into this product (40-50+ design iterations)!  we're engineers by trade, not sales and marketing.  but we're working hard to listen to feedback, improve our message, make changes where appropriate, all while making sure we can deliver on all of our promises.  we're working hard to make sure we run a successful campaign!  thanks you for your engagement, comments, and support.  we really appreciate it!
i stand corrected there have been four updates the last which was may 5. keep pursuing but something very innovative is going to have to be done.  you need to get the awareness out i don't think it's out there. a lot of comments coming in from drone forums are saying that this is just way overpriced. i don't think people realize the technology and the engineering work as well as the quality of the materials – that needs to get publicized. steve
this is getting into the difficult stage isn't it? in the last week you've raised less than $1000 and still have to acquire $10,000 more in 20 days which is $500 a day yet you've only been raising a little more than $100 a day… so something really has to be done doesn't it? good luck there's a lot of us that would like to see this succeed! but would also like to see a little bit more communication – there has been none other than these comments.  steve on 10 may 2016.
hey stephen!  we're working hard on getting the word out at auvsi, validating the phantom 4, and updating the ks campaign page to alleviate some concerns we've heard.  we'll be posting an update talking about our experiences at auvsi soon, complete with pictures!
hey would love to hear how things are going in new orleans!  with just 50% funded and only 25 days to go you will need to get more publicity out there.  i have posted to the dji drone web forum - but you will need a lot more effort -- and maybe a few more lower-priced options.  sure like to see this make it!  steve on thursday 5 may 2016
just realized i had written "dgi" drone, of course it is the dji phantom 3 standard…  just under 4 weeks to go-- hope this makes it-- try to sign-up some supporters in new orleans!  best of success,  steve tuesday 3 may 2016.
this is so neat because about six weeks ago i built a similar pontoon type landing gear for my propel altitude 2.0 (a 5 ounce drone) using 9 inch diameter balloons. it actually worked but the balloons kept breaking. now that i have a dgi phantom 3 standard when i saw this i just didn't even hesitate a minute. i truly wish you a lot of success and keep us updated!  we live on a pond that is almost 2 acres in size and not far from the fox river — this would just be wonderful to have.  also should be great for landing on the snow — and we get a lot of that in wisconsin…!!
@brian habegger, great questions!  the weight is less than 0.3 kg.  the flight time question is a little trickier because it depends upon how you use it.  check out the faq we just posted which gives lab-type testing results, as well as our real-world experience.  thanks for reaching out!
do you have any specifications on the additional weight you're adding to the drone? that being taken into consideration… do you have any estimated loss of flight time based on that addition of weight?
@kris, we don't have an answer to the question quite yet.  we are actively working this question, but due to some of the new sensors on the drone there is a lot of extra validation work to be done. this validation may or may not be done by the end of the campaign, but we'll be posting updates that include this topic since many people are interested.  thanks!
@creator, is this compatible with phantom 4 too? the reason i back this project is because i want to use it with phantom 4. please kindly update. thank you.
hi @rich, we've updated our faq's to address your question.  the short answer is that yes, we would like to expand, but it has to make commercial sense.  send us a message and let us know what you'd like to see next!
@creator i need this for my inspire 1. is there any movement on a design for this model or other drone models / manufacturers ?
i didn't know i wanted or needed this, but here we are. i've been terrified to fly over water, but with this, no more fear!
