@caryn c. so far the july date is firm for the delivery so far. the april might have come from the first tier of the pledges where we'll go plant trees! @thomas s. usually when you harvest e.g tomatoes and they start growing new flowers then you still need to help it pollinate and take care of it. so it is definitely possible for those plants to give multiple harvests as well.
is the july 2017 date firm?  i ask because i could have sworn the anticipated delivery was april 2017 when i pledged late last year.  apologies if that information was in a prior update and i missed it.
i wanted to ask how it works when you have harvested some plants or fruits several times? i know that for herbs etc this is no problem they will just continue to grow but what about things like tomatoes, chilis or salad? for how long or how often will they grow and provide new fruits?
@gavin scharfe that survey will go out in may, to specify your plants.
wondering when i get to choose what pods i will receive with mine.
delivery still on track? any update?tks!
@abdul we have written you an update ;)
love to see this moths update!
when can i expect a reply for my message? it has been almost 2 weeks now...
got a very early bird so, unfortanately not offered ... unless for a very very steap premium.
@gary raymond bokobza hey! definitely drop a message to support@clickandgrow.com about this with the details. @marie-andree poisson depending on your pledge, you will be able to choose the parameters of your order. if anything should change, we'll let you know!
hi there. i have backed all your smart garden products so far. for this one, i pledged "the smart garden 9 + your desired plants". in the backer survey, will i get the chance to purchase another one just like that as an add-on. my mum really wants one... thanks!
more like imloring you than asking you ... :-)
well, the question mark should be at the end of the second phrase :-)
asking again since 9 capsules of the same plant is a lot? could we have some choices (by group of three) of different capsules.
@lisa definitely contact support@clickandgrow.com and they'll help you out! @abdul we'll contact you immediately!
hi, i haven't gotten a response for my message. it has been over a week since i sent the message. could you tell me whats going on??
one of your strawberry plants never sprouted. another from the same box is beginning to bear fruit now. will you replace nonsprouting pods?
hi, marie-andree! that's great to hear, keep us posted on how your plants grow!
just bought a smart herb garden to make the waiting time bearable. planted thaï basil, thyme, and basil. so far so good!
thanks, can't wait!!!
@max katzeff  the survey will be sent out in may, so keep an eye out!
was just wondering if surveys had been sent out yet.
@josh betz  hey! sorry to have kept you waiting. we heard that our support team got in contact with you ;)
your support is good, but slow. i have made 6 support emails over my period of ownership of the original smart herb garden and each time the same friendly person answers. maybe that's just coincidence, but if you only have 1 or 2 support staff, i recommend maybe 1 or 2 more. it takes a little too long. i think at most 48-72 hours is max wait. your automatic email says 5 days (i waited 6).
i contacted support for an issue i had exactly 1 week ago. what is this? i am very frustrated as it is a critical issue.
@mankitchan hey! the survey will be sent out around spring time, so we can make sure that everybody will be able to give us the final address where they would receive the package.
i didnt receive a survey to choose my choice of colour yet?....
@lisa mancuso hey! that's a bummer. drop a message to support@clickandgrow.com and they will help you out!
i bought a click n grow with three insets and put your wild strawberries in one. nada after weeks. i have basil and tomatoes in other insets that are doing well. do you offer replacement seeds for ones that don't sprout?  i also backed this ks as well for the bigger set. thanks
@jaiden that was the initial goal but unfortunately, we didn't hit the mark.
@john prathap benard we wrote you a message! we can definitely arrange it.
hi when i asked about stretch goals was because i saw the update " also, many of you have asked for stretch goals, so we've decided that if we hit the goal of at least 200 000$ in the next week (by the 30th of november), we'll present something special for stretch goals " so i was wondering thats all=)
can i cancel my pledge?
@jonatan bengtsson a refill is basically the smart soil. there are of course seeds included but there is the option to order the experimental refill which allows you to plant your own seeds. the refills have a shelf life of at least 2 years in dark and cool conditions. the system won't make any noise. @dmitriy yevseyev we are definitely going to stock up and offer our full selection of plants to the customers. @teng sii niang the plants can last about 3-4 months, or even 8 months with proper care. we will stock up so we will be able to offer everybody the full selection they wish. the refills have a shelf life of at least 2 years in dark and cool conditions. the nutrients won't be lost. after the plant's life cycle has ended and you wish to start a new plant then you need to enter a new refill. you can definitely transfer the plants, we even have a guide on our homepage. the plants like a warmer environment (so about 21-26 degrees celsius), the relative humidity should be around 40-60%.
1. how long can the soil last for the plants? a month? three month? or? 2. i hope there is enough stock of custom plant capsule for all the backers. 3. the soil got expired date or not? means longer it store, it loss some nutrients.? 4. after i used all the capsule, do i need to refill the soil or not?  5. the seeds are fresh and guarantee to grow healthier in the soil? can i transfer the herbs into other soil (may be in the garden) without damage the roots and herbs when it grows larger? 6. what suitable temp and room humidity for the plants? can i put outside the house to get more light?
here is what i see currently available on the official website: 9 pack is $49.99 (sold out) -- (refill combo, 3 pre-arranged plants limited choices) 18 pack $59.99 (sold out) -- (single plant type) 3 pack is $20.00 (some available) can you ensure stock and better selection at reasonable costs?
oh! i forgot my most important question: will it make constant/periodic noise, and how much?
@jaiden: i think c&g answered your questions four comments ago.  "this being our second kickstarter we wanted to keep things plain and simple. campaigns that offer stretch goals, more often than not, cannot fulfill their shipments and goals on time. by not doing stretch goals we hope to provide the best experience with the smart garden 9."
1. a "refill" counts as smart soil + plant seed, or just smart soil, or both? 2. if i buy a big refill pack that lasts for a year, will they stay fresh if stored, or do they lose their effect? as a side note, i messaged c&g earlier and asked if the smart soil could be replaced by normal soil. got the answer:  "you can technically use normal soil, but we can't really guarantee the same results. you are of course always welcome to try!"
what are the stretch goals?:)
@dmitriy yevseyev i went with replacing all 18 pods every 3 months in my estimates too, both for cost and how many gardens i need.  i now believe that doesn't allow much time for sprouting and growth to maturity which i assume is why c&g says 3-4 months below. regardless, those of us with we 2+ gardens should probably purchase the 18-pod packages at $60 as c&g suggests.  the shelf life as stated on their site is "about two years". @click and grow i wonder if it would help new users or potential buyers if you listed something similar to the what is found on the pod boxes on this page. 1-2 week sprouting time, 1-2 months maturity... ... or maybe even on the detailed page for each plant?  just sayin' :) http://support.clickandgrow.com/hc/en-us/articles/216827388-what-is-the-life-cycle-of-plants-in-the-smart-herb-garden-c
@saroosh shabbir most plants in the smart garden grow for 3-4 months, chili peppers and some blooming plants up to 8 months. the lifetime of a plant also depends on the light available, your room temperature and the way you look after the plant. so after a life cycle of a plant ends, and you wish to start a new plant then you can replace the refill with a new one.
will the soil pods need to be replaced? how often?
@dmitriy yevseyev that's a maximum of 179.85 and several plants can be harvested multiple times when growing and trimming them correctly.
@janice macconnell that is definitely the correct way! @mohammad ba jaafar hey! it does have a time cycle; 16 hours on and 8 hours off. @dmitriy yevseyev hey! your numbers seem interesting, this is what we came up with our current prices. with 18 refills you can fill 2 smart garden 9's for 2-3 months (that's 18 slots). so let's say 4 months with 18 refills is $59.95. multiply by 3 (12 months) is $179.85.
$480 a year for the 18 refills..
i pledged for the $249 package my calculations say add +$120 every 3 months for the refills that's $20 for 3 pack of most refills so.. $20*6 = $120 are there any discounts for volume ordering? this seems a bit excessive.. are there alternatives to the smart soil?
does the smart garden 9 have a light cycle or the light is on all the time? please give me more information about that. thank you
@click and grow i want to get 2 gardens with lettuce and 2 gardens with my choice.  i selected the $249 option and added $189 for a total of $448 (includes $10 shipping to canada).  is that the correct way to do it?
@mamtu mirchandani welcome! glad to have you. you can drop a message to support@clickandgrow.com and they will help you out! @mark @tracy boyette this being our second kickstarter we wanted to keep things plain and simple. campaigns that offer stretch goals, more often than not, cannot fulfill their shipments and goals on time. by not doing stretch goals we hope to provide the best experience with the smart garden 9.
i think it is quite clear that they are not interested in doing stretch goals, since we are in the last 69 hours and they have yet to do one. i think we need to stop pestering them about it...
with just 3 days to go, it would be perfect timing to add some final stretch goals!
i am a new member of the click and grow community and over excitedly purchased 3 smart herb garden and even bought two smart garden from kickstarter - but i am disappointed there are no stretch goals also - i have just started using the first smart herb garden with basil, catnip and sweet asylum. my sweet asylum just won't grow. do you have some return policies?
@peter bansuk gi as janice wrote up a really nice summary, it really depends on how much you will consume and how often. if you start the plants at different intervals then depending on the amount of people, it should hold up quite well with the tempo. @janice macconnell that was a very nice write-up and was well thought out :) thank you very much!
@click and grow.  i wrote my last comment up quickly.  i hope i made sense snd didn't misrepresent anything.   (i should use the term capsules.)
hi peter... i am a vegetarian and was wondering the same.  a mini farm has 38 pods, costs $400 and doesn't include any pods.  four smart gardens have 36 (4x9) pods, will cost $380 and come with 32 pods.  the mini farms comes with a subscription program that will save money in the long run (20 pods a month for the cost of 18), but i am hoping to see access to the subscription program for smart garden owners too.  for me space is an issue. so i am opting in for smart gardens.  i can put them in different rooms and expand as needed. i doubt even a mini farm will be enough for us, but i'll supplement my super healthy smart garden produce with store bought until i've had time to experiment.  gotta run.
hello, i am interested in this product, but at the same time, i'm not sure. i say this because i am a pescatarian and really wonder if this will be suffice enough to feed me. it seems like i can devour the whole garden in 1-2 meals and thus i would have to wait another 3-4 weeks for another 2 meals. maybe it would make more sense for me to buy a wall farm mini??
@duncan hey duncan! the capsules wouldn't be empty, they are called experimental refills and they just don't include seeds. you can always add your own seeds and plants, to try out your own ideas! @janice macconnell they will come in 3's at least. by february we will have more plants out and after that, we'll have more - in continuous flow. so by the time the shipping starts we should have enough options for the lettuces to have more variety.
i think i'm going to drop out of this kickstarter... but will likely order one of the wall farm minis from you guys.
@janice snow tires for sure, particularly with the snow storm in ontario and québec today
capsule add-ons would be a great option. (traction... snow tires in canada). one last detail on the lettuce option, please?  all green?  or maybe 3 green, 3 frilly, 3 red or 3 kale?
@creator that's what doesn't make sense to me... why do i need to pay $60 more (for the double pledge) for empty pods when it includes pods with lettuce seeds?  my understanding was that the higher pledge was for a selection of pods with miscellaneous seeds (more work for you thus a higher price - i understand that).
@janice macconnell hey! the smallest quantity of the same plant would be a 3-pack, so 6x3.  so awesome to hear about your gardens! @marie-andree poisson but hey, that's definitely a worthwhile idea and we'll see what traction it gets ;) @diana *chants with you* @duncan for a bit higher pledge, you can totally do that! @lucy at this time, we don't have it in black.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
i would love the option to trade the lettuce pods for just empty experimental pods.
*chants....stretch goals, stretch goals.. :p
getting a $159 pledge (over a $99 one) just to get custom plant capsules, is quite a high price to pay (and that doesn't even include expensive exchange rate). that is why offering capsule add-ons would be quite nice.
will the "18 x custom plant capsules of your own choice" be 6 x 3 packs or 18 individual choices.  i am just wondering because i would love to try a few of the flowers and would probably try one of each.  $20 for a 3-pack later is a lot just to try things out. btw, i ordered a few herb gardens during your black friday event.  i received them amazingly quickly!  i was delayed in setting them up and still i have cute little green shoots already!  am i looking at them obsessively every morning and evening? ... ...noooooo... ... ... ok.  yes.  yes i am  :)
@lars haendler we're so glad it got sorted out! thank you!
okay ... trust completely restored ... thank you answering all my questions within minutes!
atm i have real trust issues with you guys. while your product is great your customer support is terrible. support@clickandgrow.com is just a black hole with weeks of silence. how do you think you will be able to support this new product?
@justin burson hey! the subscription packages (at least the first ones) will have a quantity of 9, with the same price range as the current 9-packs (about $39.95).
hi! can you describe the subscription packages more?  there is only a little information on your website about the 20 per month for the larger growing walls.  what kind of size / price will be available for these smaller systems?
thanks for the reply, i was wondering because some kickstartert campaign takes care of the customs fee.
@marie-andree poisson for a bit higher pledge there is the opportunity to choose your own preference of plants. @joshua midgette there are over 30 different plant types available, including our experimental refill which allows you to plant your own seeds. @jiajun additional country-based customs fees can apply as with most regular shipments.
hi! does norwegian pledgers have to pay additional tax/vat(custom fees) when the product comes into the country? thanks in advance!
i would be interested in the add on plugs if they become available. i want to use the new garden for idiot proof seed starting.
so lettuce or nothing? a bit weird for an enterprise that offer nearly 40 different plants capsules.
@jan d.b. *whisper* ...streeetching... *end whisper mode* @mark that's definitely a noteworthy idea ;) @marie-andree poisson at the moment there aren't any other offers/pledges for them besides the ones that are already in the pledges.
will we be able to add plant capsules as add-on (at good/better price than retail)?
another idea for a stretch goal would be offer an additional set of extenders for growing very tall plants! but maybe that would make it an extender goal and not a stretch goal? ;-)
*whisper mode* ...stretch ... goals ...*end whisper mode* might put an extra led in it as a stretch goal :d
@insu jeon hey! when the smart garden 9 comes out to retail we will do everything we can to expand our product to other areas as well!
i'm so sad that you guys don't deliver it to the south korea. my mom and sister definitely want this. so, i was about to order 2 of them, but i couldn't. anyway, keep it up! i think this is a really good project.
@mark @anders aagaard nielsen we are definitely thinking about that! after all, there is the holiday season coming up!
hey click and grow! congrats on making it past 200k! i look forward to receiving my smart garden! i was just wondering if there will be any stretch goals now that you have surpassed your original goal by quite a bit?
congrats on pushing past $200k! i realize it took a few days more than expected, but hopefully you guys are still considering adding some stretch goals. i think it would bring lots of added excitement to the final weeks of the campaign. thanks!
@mario malnar sorry for the delayed response! you can find our products here: https://www.clickandgrow.com/collections/products and we can definitely ship from the eu as well. @george mack hey! if you are having troubles with the product at the moment then definitely drop a message to our support. and if you are interested in the app then we have that going as well! @josh betz that means that it will be either a 9-pack of a certain plant (e.g lettuce) or you can choose 3 plant types which will come in 3-packs, so 9 plants altogether.
it says i can pick 9 capsules. does that mean i pick 3 plant types (with 3 of each) or can i pick 9 different plants wth 1 of each.
@mario: what do you expect? it's the weekend. i'm sure they'll answer tomorrow.
hopefully. im more used to authors responding fast to such questions. i backed double non salad
@mario they have warehouse in eu, so my bet is they will ship eu orders from within eu. the website link is clickandgrow.com @click&grow: will we be able to add additional capsules through backerkit? i would like to get more then just 9 capsules and regular letuce. wanna mix it up a bit. so i'm thinking if to buy that later separately, or i can just specify it through backerkit at the end of a campaign.
i backed the original click and grow and have mold in it now. it's not uncommon and i've had to remove it several times. also during my original kickstarter my thyme seeds were missing and was told "oh well" by support. the tomatoes i got from it look nothing like advertised. they were tiny, the size of bb's there was no app offered even though the original kickstarter said there would be. that said i will offer a fair review. the unit holds up. even with the ultra bright leds always on it did not alter the coloring of the plastic and the heat did not warp the plastic. also i get bored and check in to old kickstarters from time to time and can tell you their support stayed more responsive longer than any of the 30+ kickstarters i have backed.
are u selling from estonia, eu? that way we avoid extra tax!
im trying to find link to producers homepage and company page - nothing comes out???
why dont u make online ordering of capsules with plans which plant next to which? some maybe dont work well together? i backed highest backing. good luck! ps i am away whole summer, how can i get it delivered later???
i'm also backing from portugal, and it's a deal breaker for me that it is shipped from the eu, as the taxes would make it cost almost double. i've seen that you have answered positively to another portuguese backer and would just like to note that myself. thanks! have been waiting too long for something like this!
@jessica/joe r, @nicolas martino, thank you for your feedbacks.  as for the aerogarden bounty, i only have mold problem when i plant herbs but not pepper or tomato plants. i am backing click & grow so i can grow herbs again, hopefully :)
@jessica/joe r you can always write to our support at support@clickandgrow.com and they will do their best to figure out what might have been the problem.
@jessica, i bought two of the first model for my family and i never heard about anything like this. no mold on my side.
@k. garcia i had the original smart garden and it grew mold. i stopped using it and it's now in a cabinet wasting space. i did not overfill the water reservoir either. i even cleaned everything out and used new seeds/plugs and it happened again. i don't believe the creators when they say that mold is rare.
@typicalgold the soil is completely biodegradable and also we encourage people to replant to regular soil if they have the opportunity (where the smart soil degrades and plants can continue growing). this means it's definitely not "environmentally unfriendly". the system is the way it is so users wouldn't have to start adding fertilisers, nutrients or anything else. we're all about clean food and simple, effortless solutions.
@typicalgold it's an economical model like nespresso...
what risk of damage are you talking about exactly?
in your experiments, have you experienced plant diseases and found plant insects? thanks.
i'm disappointed.  not a very environment friendly idea then.
@typicalgold hey! our product works best with the designed system in mind. you can try other means to grow but it holds some degree of risk of damaging the product.
do you have to buy refills to keep using this? can't i just use soil i buy or have already? if i have to keep buy refills i think it is just a waste. let me know please.
@amy harless yes, you can! we have created seedless experimental refills for all of you who want to grow their own seeds.
can you use your own seeds too? it's not a deal breaker, but me and my family use a lot of rosemary and it would be nice to grow it at home
@sam sio pan hey! during this kickstarter campaign we won't be shipping to macau, unfortunately.
no ship to macau !?
@tracy boyette the best idea would be to choose the 2 x smart garden 9 + your desired plants pledge. this helps you to save $39, in comparison to 2 separate pledges (1 smart garden 9 lettuce and 1 smart garden 9 your desired plants).
how can i go about ordering 1 select your own plants garden and 1 lettuce one?
@nishith patel we would recommend 22-24 degrees celsius. definitely should not be too cold. @roy ahn we actually have an app right now that, although not about real-time plants, it gives rough estimates on the life cycles. thanks for the suggestion, though! @kyle g. that depends on the plant. most plants last about 2-4 months depending on the environment and care. you can trim the basil (that way it becomes bushier and also gives more leaves) for multiple harvests or cut it down for one big harvest. chilis take a longer time to grow and the harvest depends on pollinating.
how long are each plant expected to last? just one harvest or multiple?
just wondering, would it be possible to have an app that can tell the user the status of our plants? considering its going to be taking a good amount of time to grow, i think it would be great to be able to help our plants before it's too late. thank you for your time, great job on the product so far.
if i keep this in the house, what temperature would i need to keep the house for optimal growth?
thank you :)
@k. garcia that's pretty rare. only when there has been too much water added to the reservoir but that's usually easy to monitor.
i am using aerogarden bounty right now, it is doing its job fine with tomato plants and pepper plants. lettuce and herbs are not so great since they always have mold on them at some point, i stopped growing them. reading user's reviews at amazon shows that i am not the only alone. please don't take this in the wrong way, i have high hopes with click & grow that's why i backed it, do you have any mold issue with click & grow?
@jan d.b. who knows what the future holds! thanks for the feedback ;)
aha, i misread that. i really thought these refills contained experimental seeds :d i missed the line "doesn't contain seeds". thanks for pointing that out. but still, if you could lower or discount the price of those "empty" refills even more, it'll probably have more success. since i'm already an organic gardener, i mostly use the sg to bridge the hungry gap (winter, early spring).
@jan d.b. it can be placed in a darker part of the room, we have the lights to take care of the plants. we actually already have experimental refills which have no seeds so people can put their own ideas to grow: https://www.clickandgrow.com/products/experimental-refill-for-smart-herb-garden our product and smart soil allow for fast growth and with our refills you can be sure where the plants, that you consume, come from and that they are natural - because you'll be growing them yourself!
does it need to be on or close to a windowsill or can it be placed in a darker part of a room. why aren't you releasing refills that people can fill themselves with seed? adding just a multipurpose fertilizer could do the trick, imho. given the taxes that are added when buying refills (in the shop), i find them quite expensive and i hope that the price will lower (for +-20 dollar i can buy at least 6 organic and fully grown basil plants, instead of only 3 refills - and i'm leaving out shipping costs, for which i can have 2 more plants). i know that larger orders get a discount, but i can't even imagine myself buying refills for the current wallfarm. i still love the product, but the price of the refills should be a lot more competitive.
@ethan illfelder for the tea, we have some options available already, such as lemon balm, stevia or peppermint! https://www.clickandgrow.com/collections/products
@leong agneta we'll definitely keep you updated! @kyle g. that's awesome! if you want to choose your own plants then we have that pledge option available for you. later on, you can order additional refills of your choosing. @ethan illfelder hey! the smart garden 9 measurements are: 23in x 5.5in x 11in / 59cm x 14cm x 28cm; weight: 5,3 lb / 2,4kg. when you plug in the lights, they will start a cycle of 16 hours on and then 8 hours off. so you can start the cycle yourself by plugging it in! our smart soil is specifically designed to ensure the best growth for the plants. you can read about it more here: https://www.clickandgrow.com/pages/technology regarding the tea plant, that's an awesome idea and we'll pass it along to the gardeners! @robyn peel some refills are still being tested and released continuously. you can browse the current selection here: https://www.clickandgrow.com/collections/products with the tomato being here: https://www.clickandgrow.com/products/mini-tomato-refill-for-smart-herb-garden
there are several refill options you listed on this page that are not on your website as available for purchase. where can i find these (ex tomato)?
one more question, have you guys explored the possibility of growing a tea plant out of one of those cartridges. not sure about the feasibility there but would love to hear some thoughts on it. also maybe jasmine and bergamot.
some questions: 1) what are the dimensions of the unit? 2) what hours are the lights on? 3) what is the soil made from/ the fertilizers thanks!
just joined in. as asked earlier, will we be able to add additional capsules to our pledges to get other plants than the lettuce ones. i would love to have spinach and other veg as well (or even instead of)
any stretch goals coming up?  :)
thank you! you're awesome.
@k. garcia we know they're not the same, just thought we'd let you know we're working on it!
i prefer green onion over chives, they are not the same.
@k. garcia we are already offering chives! and always working on new and new plants to test and make available for our gardens!
thank you! i would love to have green onion too, please :)
hi, @k.garcia! we're testing the cilantro plant at the moment, we're pretty sure we'll have it ready to launch by april-may 2017!
do you have cilantro capsule? at your website, i saw parsley but i did not see cilantro.
@julian thank you, we're super excited!
@mark boardman thanks, that's exactly why we decided to redesign the lamp for this one- so you'll be able to grow any plant and make the lamp go as high as the plant needs. 4 extensions will be added with the garden in the starter kit package (2 for each side) and we'll be offering additional extensions through our website as well for those who need them. so the maximum height can be however high you need it to be!
congratulations on achieving the goal!!!
i really like the idea to include light extenders as one of the issues i've had in the past is that plants tend to quickly grow up to the light. how many sets of extenders do you get with a smart garden 9? also, what is the maximum light height with all extenders in place? thanks!
@chris peluso they will work in both us and eu. you might need an adapter for the plug, though, if you are moving (just to be safe).
will units work with both us and eu voltage (100-240v)? i ask because i live in germany now, but will move to the us late 2017. i'm hoping it will work in both countries. thanks!
@si yuan yeung these refills will be released later, continuously, as we are testing them to be just perfect. @jeffery burgin that's so great to hear! @nick m that is definitely under consideration and we will post updates when it does happen! @philipp do you mean the capsules in addition to the lettuce ones? @gorm reventlow they do use the same ones.
yes the same capsule
will they use the same capsules as the herb garden?
i have pledged for the early bird with lettuce capsules. can i update the pledge (adding more money) to be able to also get other capsules without changing the pledge?
seems like a well designed product, well done guys.  are there any plans for offering a subscription for the refills like you did with the wall farms? that would definitely help considering that a 9 pod refill at current pricing will come out at 40 dollars per refill and with my shg i noticed that refills are needed more frequently than i expected with certain types of plants.
the original smart herb garden was the first and most exciting project that i backed; i am so excited for this!!
i see that there are quite a few fruits, herbs, and salad greens that are not available on your website currently. why is that? will they be released later, or are they only for the smart farms?
@pedro according to our current plan, we will ship european supporter's items from europe.
will it be shipped from which country? (because of customs). i am from portugal
@mark boardman thank you! you can absolutely use the existing refills with the smart garden 9.
great new product! just was wondering if the refills for the smart garden 9 are the same as the refills for the smart herb garden? if so, can i use refills that i already have for the smart herb garden in this new product when it arrives? thanks in advance for the help.
@kiyotaka kannbara hey! unfortunately, we don't ship to japan. @nicolas martino  before we ship the garden, we need to collect enough support through pledges. we will send out updates as we go along. and you're always welcome to write to our support at support@clickandgrow.com .
sorry i just saw your release date. but not the planning.
i mean do you have a release date and a planning for the different steps? i maybe missed it in the presentation.
hi.  can you ship to japan? thank  you.
i am from portugal. i spend about 30 usd of energy monthly, so for me, 20 - 25 usd a year is a little on the high side.. but in this casa we have to consider the benefits too of course thanks
@pedro it comes to about 20-25usd a year.
@pedro  that actually depends on the location of the supporter.
thanks for the answer.. seems very energy demanding for led lightning.. one more question: will it be shipped from which country? (because of customs)
@nicolas martino thank you for the kind words! sorry, nicolas, what do you mean? @pedro thank you! the power source is to plug it in the power outlet. it will follow a 16h on and 8h off period. it'll consume about 30w per hour.
good luck with this project cg team! what is the power source for the led lights and how many hours it will be on? how much energy it will spend each day? thank you
good luck with this project! i'm following you since quite the beginning and you guys are in the right direction! do you have a planning for this project?
@joan lazazzera the refills can indeed be bought from us, from our homepage https://www.clickandgrow.com/collections/products we are constantly updating our site with new products!
can the refills be bought from you.
@kimberly hammond that's great to hear!
i love my click and grow. it's convenient and i love the refills. i just wish i could keep them in their longer without transplanting them.
@grant brennecke thank you so much!
thanks for the info, very appreciated! great to see the project and funding are off to a strong start. :)
@grant brennecke the lettuce is the same type of lettuce for everyone, green leaf lettuce. the lights have been designed in such a way that it best imitates the photosynthesis in nature. this was done through testing and found to be the best solution that maximized growth and yield from the plants.
happy backer of this and your past project checking in - best of luck to you guys with this! after watching the video and reading through the campaign page, i had a couple questions: - i understand you're using special leds that are particularly photosynthesis-friendly, but could you explain in a bit more detail the decision to use both white and red leds? this is solely out of curiosity, i've never seen a plant lighting solution like this before and it looks really interesting. - the cheaper pledges include 'lettuce' refills. are these all the same type of lettuce, or are they a mix of lettuce types? do you have any idea what types of lettuce are being considered for inclusion?
@janardan nathan wohoo, first reply comment!
woohoo first comment! xd
