hi, i did not receive a code yet for part 1. since you are planning part 2, i guess something went wrong. can you please check? thanks!
hurray for a sequel!!!
put me on the list for notification when & where i can get vol 2 [3, 4, etc]. there is no real comic book stores anywhere within a 4.5 hr drive from me. love to follow the next phase of the story! cheers!
anyway i can put myself down for notification when the graphic novel is available for order?
while i was ready to support another book, i think dark horse is a great publisher for this and am really excited and happy for you guys. it will suck having to wait for monthly issues instead of getting the story all at once but if it leads to a deeper story the trade-off is worth it. i can't wait to see what the hell could ever get people to go back once they've escaped. and i anxious get some more clues as to just what caused all this to begin with as what's been laid out so far is quite intriguing.
vol.2  please?
oh hai! so when will volume 2 get started!??!?  loved the first one!  met jim and gail at a con last year and they were both beaming with the positive response.  so when oh when will a sequel start being funded??
just figured i'd stop by here and see what was going on. @geoffrey sproule: i know this reply is really late, but in case you still haven't gotten your book i'd contact the creators directly.
i'm in the uk and still have not received my hard copy of the book. i checked my address details and everything is correct. is there any way i can track the package or do i need to directly contact gail/jim?
jason, the hardcovers came out months ago. if you haven't got one yet, you should be contacting them directly rather than posting here.
hello, when are we receiving our hardcover copies? i saw it solicited in previews this month. while that's great (and i'm excited for you that dark horse is distributing it broadly), i'm more than a little perplexed as to why we're waiting for our hard copies and yet it's being widely offered to the public?!?!?
you know, never mind, i'll ask comixology themselves. love the book, by the way!
hi! i know i should have asked about this way sooner, but i've been trying to activate the comixology code on the site and it's not working. would either of you happen to know what could be happening?
can i get a pdf copy link sent to me?  i was a $15 backer.  thanks!
i have a quick question: is the book going to be available as a pdf or just as a comicxology book?  i'd like a format i can read on my computer without having to be on line...
i got my code. but the book comes up as unavailabe in the library. any tips?
this is gail here, we are very sorry for the delay but the digital codes are going out today! and i have to say, i think it looks fantastic on my nook and ipad, haven't checked it on a kindle yet.  again, we are new to this and it just turns out everything takes longer than we thought, but comixology did a beautiful job, there are cool extras in the back of the digital edition, and we can't wait for you guys to finally get to see it. thank you for everything!
soo when the pdf comes out could i use it to find my name in the gloriously ridiculous thank you pages in the book?  that is an awful lot of backers!
another month passes and still no digital version. anyone have an idea when we'll get our comixology codes for this?
yeah it's pretty disappointing how shoddy the digital only backers have been treated, still waiting on mine too
james, gail said in an update a few months ago that it would be a few months after the printed book shipped and after the comixology version. wish this info was available up front that it could be half a year or more before the digital version would be available. well, the legal version anyways since the book is in stores. i wouldn't have backed if i knew this would be the case.
any word on the digital version? at this point, i don't care about the extras, i just want to read the story.
was about to say i hadn't gotten mine yet but noticed at least one person just got theirs 5 days ago, cant wait to read this, im sure it will be well worth the wait ^_^
got mine today, cheers jim
any news on the digital version yet?
its been 2 months since the paper version was sent out. when will the pdf version for backers be sent out? do we have to wait for it to appear on the news stands?
got my copy of the book in australia, loved it!
did i miss the pdf?
just got mine!! thanks!
it arrived today....... yay!
read the book tonight, just... damn. this is why i love kickstarter! please keep us updated when book 2 comes out, i will be there with bells on.
just arrived in australia. can't wait to get home from work to read it.
just received my copy.  it's sooooo good.  excellent work gail & jim!
got mine today. yay! @juan carlos: i don't think there was a reward tier with a signed book, just a signed bookplate. make sure that the bookplate (if you chose that option) is really not included. maybe it ended up between the pages somewhere. if it is missing, there's a 'contact me' link to the right. i'm sure gail and jim will send it to you if you contact them.
got mine in canada today.  the book looks awesome and the bubble wrap it came in is great too! =p  thanks so much!
just wanted to say that mine arrived today in germany :). looking forward to actually reading it!
just got mine today in cancún méxico but it is not signed. what should i do ?
not had mine yet, in the uk :(
yay mine just arrived here in austria!! thank you!
got mine today here in az. can't wait to read it.
just received mine today in lisbon, portugal. thanks
arrived this week in germany.  just awesome. thank you very much.
still eagerly awaiting arrival here in arizona.
package arrived here in holland . awesome work guys, cant wait for no. 2 (of the book that is)
just arrived today in moncton, nb, canada.  loved it!  when can i give you more of my money for the second installment?  will it be a kickstarter as well?  thanks to all your hard work.  it definitely shows in the final product.
just got mine today! awesome to see! my ocd-like tendancies really hates what you did with the thank you page ;-) but at least i might actually read through the othernames as a result ;-) what's the deal with a lack of title page? so bizarre! misprint? or special edition? a little of both? story is intact, so not really concerned :) it just made me paranoid that it was a misprint! :p
my book arrived here in germany today. and it looks amazing. complete with a double signed bookplate, a bookmark and a postcard. i'm so glad i was part of this kickstarter, and i'm looking forward to what else is coming from you fine folks in the future! :d
book received today (ontario, canada). i haven't been paying real close attention to the updates, so the fact that the book is: 1. hardcover 2. longer and more text-dense than expected 3. so beautifully illustrated, and 4. printed on such high quality stock are very nice surprises indeed! great value for my money, looking forward to getting the comixology version, too.
got it yesterday.  thanks
brilliant, i want more :)
got it, read it, enjoyed it. thanks!
@dablue: it's crazy how time flies, but it'll be worth it.
forgot to mention but i got mine late last week :)
got mine today! (norway). looking forward to it =)
i got mine yesterday!  awesome book!  i'm ready for more!
great work gail and jim! got my copy a week or so ago, and it was fantastic. looking forward to #2!
read my copy last night.  great job, gail and jim.  i loved the layers of mystery.
mine arrived yesterday and was read immediately. much darker than i expected, but very good. a beautiful book!
got mine today in the uk. cannot wait to delve into it.
book came today, and it is awesome!!!
still don't have mine.  at least i have an awesome nightcrawler sketch.
i got my book today and it looks great. thanks so much!
fear not friends across the pond!  i live in atlanta, ga and i haven't received my copy yet either so you're not the only ones still anxiously waiting.  the anticipation will make the reward that much sweeter!
@scott: europe seems to be batch 2 after domestic. holland here and havent received anything either, patience is all we can have :)
has anyone from uk got theirs yet? i'm still waiting.
got my copy today! apparently the post office dropped it in a puddle or something. thought the package was distressed as part of the whole apocalyptic vibe at first. fortunately, it was sealed up tight and the book was fine. and what a book! great stuff, well worth the pledge and the wait! i got impatient a week or so ago and messaged, and they were very prompt to respond, so i want to thank them for that too.
@coniah: hèhè i know! ive been waiting for this for over a year.. so a few more weeks wont spoil the deal.
@dablue: not intended that way at all, of course. ;-) i'm sure you'll love it.
still waiting for mine here in eastern canada.  :(
got it yesterday and decided to just read the first couple pages.  devoured the entire thing instead!  i can't wait for more!  when does volume 2 come out?  will you be kickstarting that one as well?
just got the book yesterday, finished it today. it...was...awesome! one question though; is this a one-shot, or will there be something connected to it, like a continuation or something?
my book arrived today!  looks great!  thank you.
got mine today and swallowed it whole in minutes. love it. thanks
just got the book tuesday and read it today. some of  the best work ever done by both of you. gail's writing was great and jim's art at its zenith. i absolutely loved the book. i hope you guys do a follow up. i can't say enough good things about it. thanks jim
got mine on monday. beautiful book. intense story. gives a whole new what if on supers.
got mine in the mail today...well considering its 1 in the morning i guess it was yesterday. have only flipped through it, but will be reading this weekend. congrats!
than you for rubbing in the fact i dont have it yet ;)
wow! i just finished reading it and it's pretty intense. it's also gorgeous, relentless, and sobering. job well-done. phew!
oh.. slow overseas postal service... andale!
jim k  & chris z fear not! jim and gail are protected. when you get to the end of the main story you will see a title page with the names of those creative geniuses proudly displayed. after that is the double page spread of the thank yous. but don't stop there intrepid reader you must continue on to jim's bonus story (with one of the most surprising opening lines i ever saw in comics). i got my copies recently, and read them with delight. the stories were awesome, the packaging great and the value unsurpassed. i cannot wait for volume two. ps. the alternate cover, postcard and bookmark are all wonderful extras.
just got mine in the mail and have only flipped through it but boy do those colors and facial expressions stand out!
i also found it strange that there is no title page, copyright info, etc. i am also wondering what happened to the thank-you pages.....was there something i missed??
got mine in the mail yesterday...read it last night. soooo pretty and really enjoyed the whole story. the back-up feature was *thumbs up*.
got my copy in the mail today in central ne.  but i am a little concerned - there's no title page or indicia or anything claiming copyright, etc.  is that unique to the kickstarter book? the version sent through diamond, etc. will have a proper title page, right?  i know this probably sounds odd, but i teach research writing and citation, so i pay attention to things like title pages.
got mine in the mail today. it looks great. i can't wait to read it.
got the book today.. awesome! can't wait to read it. thank you gail and jim.
just got mine and read it.  i was very disappointed. it was too damn good and  i wanted more.  hopefully the "1" on the spine means there will be more coming or a "0" book that happens before to show how everything happened.
got it.  awesome.  when's the sequel coming out?  :)
i'm happy so many are getting their books. mine is yet to arrive....:(
i got my book last week but have  been with out internet for a month. thanks.
got mine today- it looks great!  i can't wait to read it this weekend.
got mine!! i thoroughly enjoyed the story and the artwork was awesome!! the most intriguing aspect of the book? the number 1 on the spine! is there already a continuation in mind or in the works?
got mine on wednesday. thanks !
is there a point at which we (i) should panic if i haven't received my copy?  i'm in pennsylvania... thanks!
ack, we are so excited people are getting their books. i signed a bunch at nc comicon and was asked roughly a million times where people could get copies and i had to say, sorry, backers only for a while! thank you again, everyone. you are amazing!
the story and art are fantastic! everyone involved did a wonderful job.
i got mine today.  corner of book was crushed :( the book looks good, but i am sorry to say i was a bit disappointed.  i enjoyed gail's work on secret six, but this story seemed all over the place and pretty shallow.  more like an idea for a story than a story. maybe i'll get to like it more after a few re-reads…..
got it ! read it !! loved it !!! happy to see the "1" on the binding.  looking forward to the second volume!!!
i got mine today. not sure if i want more or if i should explore the possibilities in my own brain.
oh my god, i went to my mailbox today and......bubble wrap! oh! my! god! also, this comic book thingy. bubble wrap!
i got my copy today. thanks.
i gots mine! yes! :) it's looks awesomely awful or maybe it's awesomely horrific lol...not sure which yet...maybe both :)
the majority of the books were just suppose to start going out last week.  i haven't gotten mine yet either and i don't think we have anything to worry about.  also, yesterday was veteran's day in the us.  so it was a postal holiday.
i still haven't received my book. :( was i supposed to get a shipping notice? i have with other kickstarters, but i don't know if that's a standard thing.
checking my mail every day. no book in houston texas yet.
at what point does someone get worried about not getting their book yet?
anyone in the uk got their copy yet?
can't wait for this to show up. a long time coming but will be well worth it
havent gotten my book either, am curious how long it will take to reach the old world.
my book arrived yesterday but i didn't get to read it until today. i don't have any words to describe the awesome. i wish there was more!!!!!!!!
my book arrived yesterday, and it is so good! more please!
i received my book yesterday.  my expectations were exceeded. superbly done!
i have checked the mail more this week than any other in hopes for a lovely bit of reading material. i need another excuse to procrastinate, looking forward to the story.
just finished the book. fantastic,  really.  will there be more? i am sure i am not the only one that wants more.
i just wanted to congratulate you on a job well done.  i really enjoyed the story, the art is amazing, and the production value is excellent. great work!
@angkarn - i haven't received mine yet either.  however, update #76 said they were having a mass envelope stuffing party on november 2nd.  so i would assume the majority of the books should have started going out this week with only a few before that.
i did my survey on 10-17-13 should i have received it yet?  i'm concerned.  or maybe impatient.  any way to check or track package?
shannon and cliff - if you look in the right hand column under the level you pledged, you should see under the estimated delivery date 1) the date the survey was sent and 2) a link to your response, if you filled it out. that's only if they've sent the survey.
i recently moved as well. i don't recall filling out a survey but that doesn't mean i didn't. any way to tell what address you'll be shipping to?
i've been so busy this past month that i don't remember if i filled out the survey! any way to check? was it in an email?
still waiting for the book. anyone else not receive it yet?
i'm in the process of moving, is there a way to see if its too late to change my shipping address?
i take that back.  apparently i did get it and just filled it out a while ago.  stupid forgetful me.
yeah no survey yet.  no email and no kickstarter message as far as i can tell
to those waiting on surveys, did you just not get the emails?  if you didn't get the email, there should still be a banner at the top of this page and/or highlighted your pledge level.  otherwise, there is a deeper issue.
hi for those of you getting only the digital version of the book: we are dealing with mailing the physical version of the book right now. as stated before, the digital won't go out until after the physical has shipped, so you won't be receiving a survey until then.
no survey here either chief.
hi. we've had a few people saying they haven't received their survey. we've had over 4000 responses, so it seems like only a few. for anyone who did not receive a survey, don't worry. shipping labels are being collated this week. any non-responses will be getting a message either this week or next to follow up.
i'm still waiting for my survey just like everyone else!
what survey?????
hello g & j! hope all is is well! as we near the finish line & this "great project" comes to it's mighty conclusion, just wanted you to know that i too, have not received my survey. hopefully, this project is open-ended with the potential for a "super-sequel." everyone is waiting patiently for lm because we know it's definitely going to be quite the ultimate roller coaster ride! thanks for the blood, sweat & striving for perfection!
hi gail / jim. you mention in your last update that you'd had good response to the survey.  i don't seem to have received one. is that right? if you can let me know. many thanks
count me in the almond milk category.
almond milk, please!
implied ;)
and 2% or whole all the way 1% if i have to anything else is just gross. what's wrong with you people? (other than the lactose intolerant of coarse because that's not your fault)
that last survey question=awesome
survey complete! should have the book with me tomorrow. right...
also not a fan of milk or soy.  occasional rice milk in cereal.  very disappointed i was not properly represented ;). can't wait for the book!
i have a nit to pick regarding the survey-- i'm both lactose and soy intolerant. where is my oat milk?!
i was so excited when i saw that survey!  soy milk ftw!
woooo hoooo survey completed!  can not wait to get this treasure in the mail!!!!!
just answered survey!!! please ship on wings of angels to speed delivery. gail and jim - i am truly excited to read this. thanks, & go skim milk!!!!
i just filled out my survey.  very exciting.
i just received the survey. the milk question neglected to include almond milk ;)
wooooooooo
i don't see this answered on here - i've moved in the time since i backed. can i update my shipping address somewhere to make sure i get this?
you guys said this will not be a christmas release... please repeat that.  and calculate, that international packages take a few weeks on top to arrive... ;)
so glad this project kept biggering and biggering!  patiently looking forward to hold it in my hands and reading some crazy hero antics!
you are  pushing a year...this had best be...oh...no sorry. the voices say that technically as  kickstarter presages the actual print dates then declarations of  intent are over a year in the works. you must have  quite a story to tell gail. what  do you want  to say to the world? collen doran? is that her spelling? because google  is  not. oh collen d...hmm.....
@john grant: nope, no surveys sent for our shipping address. they will be sent once gail and jim have an estimate on when they'll receive the books and other rewards to be shipped. @royzig: the pdf will be emailed once the book as been shipped as to not spoil things so that people can read the book, well, as an actual book. those that pledged for a digital only tier will get the pdf soon as well.
i don't remember, but was a survey already sent out for our address or will that be sent out closer to the ship date?
is there a pdf available yet?
i see that several people have noted that books have went to the printers.  do you have any dates on when you will have books and when you might begin shipping?  thank you.
365 days ago this project was funded!  congrats again jim and gail.  glad to hear it is off to the printer!
can we get a sneek peek at the alternate cover? :)
below are the tweets from gail. i can't believe how exciting it is to see leaving megalopolis finished and sent to the printer. it looks gorgeous. we are very, very sorry for the delay, the project kept growing! but it looks absolutely stunning, best work by jim calafiore ever! it's going to the printer then shipping should follow immediately!
gail tweeted that it's off to the printers.
jim and gail, how about a teeny-weeny progress report? just to cool our jets a little bit longer?
this wait for this project reminds me of a poem by alexander pope. "blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed." yes, a little over the top, but it has been a long wait.
so since we are almost one full year since this was funded, how about an anniversary update jim and gail?  these puppies getting shipped anytime soon?  my clammy nerd hands are waiting in deep anticipation.  whats the scoop?
will they be at the nycc?
@brad - maybe some of the confusion comes from the use of the word "con".  in comic terms, it's used to mean convention and not conference.  so they're not exactly going and setting in seminars.  some of their appearances may even be required by their publishers.  conventions are vital to a creator to meet fans and talk to other industry professionals.  in fact, a project like this would likely not have been possible if not the following gail and jim have from con appearances.  most comic pros continue to work while at cons too.  i've even seen creators working at the their tables.  i understand your frustration but their convention schedule isn't quite as avoidable as it may seem.
i've waited up to a year for other projects to get delivered, so i'm not losing sleep over this. but i also agree... a commitment is a commitment. a bit of polite prodding is fair enough.
sorry to be a hard a... dablue, but that should have been taken into account.  117k ain't bad either, they don't make that in one conference.  it's just a comic, so i don't really care, but lots of bad planners on kickstarter.  i can wait as well antonio, but doesnt mean i can't push as well, ain't no big thing.
considering we're getting a huge hardcover at a very low price, i can wait for a delay here and tehre.
@brad: it is when it is a huge chunk of their regular income ;)
appreciate all the conferences, but that's not a great reason for delays.
looking forward to this.. still. thanks for all of the effort, here is to hoping for a grade a finish.
thanks for the update!
hey everyone things have been hectic with sdcc, followed by boston, and now wizard world chicago. so just a quickie. art was finished before sdcc; colors and letters are in, and corrections in progress. hopefully to the printer very soon. longer update post when i'm back from wizchicago. thanks jim
i just sent a note to the contact me link. fingers crossed for a prompt response.
ditto to rob's comment below.  not out of frusteration, but just impatience and wanting the awesomeness now. has anyone done the contact me link to see if that can prompt jim and/or gail for a response to the backer community?  if no one chimes in the affirmative, i will ping them to see what the poop is.
hi gail and jim - i look forward to hearing from you about the new timeline for this project.  you guys rock.
i've been waiting two full years for another comic ks project that still has no fulfillment in sight. so i have no problems with this one. this comment is directed towards other backers below who seem a bit impatient.
any updates? it's gone a bit quiet recently.
i know there was a lot of extra content, but we're 5 months beyond estimated delivery. yes, i understand what estimated means. i also know that if this weren't being independently published and there was an editor/publisher involved things would be different. i kind of feel like this project is being put on the back burner because editors/publishers of the creative team are pushing them for their other projects. i'm very much looking forward to this book and i hope it gets the focus and attention that it deserves soon. i'm hoping that maybe the creators can step up as self editors/publishers and push themselves to make this a priority again. if i'm wrong, let me know, but this is how it looks to me.
survey time yet?
hey guys, i've had to move since the survey asking for my delivery address was sent out... how can i amend it?
been about a month since an update...what is the timeline looking like now?  i realize sdcc is this week so nothing will probably be responded to, but i guess many of us are just anxious.
i'm wondering that too.
jim/gail its been a couple weeks, was wondering if you could throw us another update, even if its just to say "nothing's changed".  just hearing from you guys every couple of weeks keeps us in good spirits.
i think some surveys might have gone out for the art print tiers. i haven't gotten one.
@christina - i am on the same tier and have not received a survey yet.  i think they are waiting until the have the books from the publisher to avoid address changes as much as possible.  even if you do delete the email, there should be a bar near the top of the kickstarter page when you log in to alert you to fill out a survey.
i'm on the $15 tier, anyone else get a survey yet? just making sure i hadn't accidentally deleted the notice.
@jack - did you fill out a survey?  i don't think they have went out for the majority of pledge levels yet.  i haven't gotten one yet anyway.  if you haven't received one, you will be able to put your new address on the survey when it is sent out.  if you have, i would send them a private message by hitting "contact me" under their name/location to the right.
i moved recently, so how would i go about changing the address i gave you for sending the comic?
@eric: gailsimone ‏@gailsimone 8 jun @opinionatedpup yes, we have an update coming shortly!
any chance of an update?   gail - on 5/20 you stated "from now until shipping, i promise that jim or i will keep everyone updated."  18 days later and nothing new.  i think that everyone understands that this is a large project and quality takes time, but the lack of periodic communication is frustrating.  please keep in that this project exceed the stated goal 3 times over and we, the supporters, deserve to be kept in the loop.  a delay to shipping is totally acceptable, as long as we know what is going on.
has it been printed yet?
i hope you're shipping soon, i'm excited to have this!
hi gail and jim, hope all continues going well.  any chance of an update on the book?
quick question since this is my first kickstarter: i pledged $30, hoping to get the book with signature plates. in the project's kickstarter page, however, it showed that i selected the $1 pledge. is this because the survey hasn't come out or did i select the wrong pledge due to my inexperience? thank you in advance.
thanks for the update gail.  i am pleased to be patient for this book.  you added so many things, this project is going to be a winner. thanks for the #bonerses  oh wait, that is the other place, not here.
hi gail and jim! any update on the printer?
we hope to have the book to the printer in may; we're somewhat at the mercy of the printer at that point, but we're hoping to start shipping in june. dablue-- the mercenary hamster looks cool. alex (and others)-- when the book is ready to ship, we'll be sending around the surveys to collect info, for just this reason of people moving.
any idea of when we can expect a ship date?
(peeks in)
just to be sure - you're planning on sending out a survey to get mailing addresses sometime close to when you have the book ready to ship, yes? i'm going to be moving soon, and i want all my bases covered :)
xmas present, i think.
feb. has come and gone. with all the extra's we got via stretchgoals, i am not surprised you guys missed that date. but what is the new date to shoot for?
also, your work on exiles was exemplary! i need to speak with you post l.m. (as soon as you're well rested!)(^_^) i'd like to commission you for some artwork! by the way, the 10 page preview is the bomb! look out y'all because it's going to blow up! (^_^)
jim, you've been one of my top 10 artists ever since your stint on deadpool. your work has only improved with time. gail & you are now the new "dynamic duo." it's so wonderful to know that the two of you took the initiative & made this dream a reality! your saw the "big picture" as well as "risk vs reward." everyone that backed this project will be overjoyed with the final results & will be looking forward to even bigger & better things in the near future! thank you, you both put plenty of love in this project & both deserve to reap many rewards thereafter!
all i can say after that preview... is wow !
awsome 10 page preview ;))
just want to say thanks for the incredible 11x17 print that arrived a couple of weeks ago. anticipation for the book itself has risen to new levels. :d
just received my limited edition 11x17 print (signed) cheers!
if you feel overwhelmed...if you feel the claws of ks dragging you project to project. know that you are not alone.... kickstarter anonymous is here to help (not really) https://www.facebook.com/groups/231972546936646
still looking forward to this.
hello - just checking in to see if everything is on track.  i am very excited to get the novel.  :d
trying to find an update of expected delivery?
if you feel overwhelmed...if you feel the claws of ks dragging you project to project.  know that you are not alone.... kickstarter anonymous is here to help (not really) https://www.facebook.com/groups/231972546936646/
@chuck: looks great!
max, not maz
just got my commission in the mail.  it is for my son maz and he loves it.  here's a link to a photo of it: pic.twitter.com/9o8b218q.
i just got my commission in the mail. it is beautiful! thank you so much jim!
hi jim, i'm replying a little late - just wanted to let you know i received my commissioned piece - it's awesome! thanks much!
thanks jim!!!!!!  the wonder woman portrait is way beyond my expectation, now i'm more excited for what you and gail have in store.
that's awesome.  thanks for the quick response.  really appreciate all the hard work you guys are putting into this.  just know it's going to be amazing.
hey matt the art  for the print is done; i'm setting up with the printer to have them to me by mid-this month. i plan to send a message soon for mailing addresses. thanks
hey the rewards say the 11x17 prints are shipping out in november, just wondering if they're on their way. i haven't heard anything about that and honestly forgot about it. thanks.
have to admit i'm pretty excited to see what you've done with an amazing premise and what looks to be very interesting artwork.
re: update #46 so glad you decided to stick with the cooler palette. it seems like it will be little starker and suit the story a little better. not that there was anything wrong with the warmer tones...   :)
i am happy you guys survived sandy. i survived a girl named sandy once, she was a force of nature as well.. anyhoe.. nice update!
hey, just wondering how the project is coming along. when will there be another update?
thanks for the heads up; i just checked it out. my little 15 minutes. i met him and his twin brother at the phoenix comicon two years ago (his brother plays for the suns). his brother came up to the table. i'm 6 foot 3, and when i have to look up at someone to talk, i know something's up. they're both very cool, and i happen to be a nets fan.
congratulations jim on the reference in the wall street journal today! they published an article on brook lopez, nba player, who also happens to be a major comic book fan and his attending nyc comic con. though i wish i could afford to go there (big trip from california!) it made me happy to know that soon i will have a commission from such a great artist adorning my wall - just like an nba player! cheers, ed
@gail/jim - you're still eating and sleeping right?  can't you cut out those?  hahaha.  just joking of course.  take your time and make a comic you're proud to put your name on.
we are here; working away. will post a couple updates soon; just trying to fit in the time.
soo.... gail..... jim.... friends... brother and sister.... whats new?
i've found the next project we can all back! http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1812253609/doug-tennapel-sketchbook-archives personally i would love to see that project explode so we can get an expanded hc. if leavemin megalopolis has taught me something, is that more pages is always great!
ah man, and here i thought we were getting bane writing the book with ragdoll on art.
@kenderkim - secret six was the name of the dc book that they worked on together.
we were referring to the creative team, writer (gail), artist (jim) and colorist (jason).
(and good evening!)
"  we've been hoping to reunite the secret six team, and bring the excellent colorist jason wright on board. ... " that 6
six?
did we get enough to get all 6 of you back together? i hope so! i'm soooo looking forward to this.
well deserved funding!! cannot wait to have this at the front of my comic collection! :d
this and the cyberforce one were the two i look forward to the most and also some of the few i actually put money towards. though i did give a lot more money here since you didn't ask for a ridiculous amount of money for a hardcover ($50 for cyberforce hardcover? why?) $15 was a huge deal. and having it signed with a face plate for just $10 more is the icing on the cake. i can't wait. i'm so glad this was as successful as it was. congratulations on everything!
now to start impatiently waiting for a good read.
congratulations!  not only did you more than triple your original goal - and meet all but 2 of the last minute stretch goals - and beat cyberforce.... you are one of (at this point) only 10 kickstarter projects in the comic catagory to break $100k in the history of the world! kickstarter is continuing the thread that started with itunes - and that is taking the power away from the labels and giving it to the creators and the fans.  rock on, creative people.  glad to be a part of this.
@luke: may 2013 sounds about right.
congratulations guys. what an incredible achievement. so, when's funding for leaving megalopolis 2 start... lol.
great that the postcard is added!! this comic is going to be awesome!
congrats! nice gesture with adding the postcard too! ..... so is jim going to shave half of his head?
$2,390 short of the second story, but still a great total. congratulations to gail and jim for running a great kickstarter campaign from start to finish. and now, the wait begins!
congrats!
wow, a last backer crept in, in the last few seconds !!!! so cool !
blam!!
congratulations !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
congrats!!!
1
10
10....
60 seconds.....
4192 backers ...wow...
90 seconds to go!!!
seconds left....
3 minutes left.....
cool.  the money keeps creeping up, but the backer number stays the same...  people expressing their support like this is amazing.  i know i added another $10 for the signed bookplate.
as a small thank to gail and jim, i've upped my pledge by $5. everyone do the same, and we've got an extra story!
beat cyberforce !!!!
kickstarter does not  implode above 1000%
you did it !!!!!!!
28
kickstarter does not  implode above 1000%
$59
kickstarter does not  implode above 1000%
just $223 and we are there !!
15 minutes to go. if anyone is making the $4,000 pledge, now is the time!
kickstarter does not  implode above 1000%
man, 21 minutes to go and we still need another $223,503 to hit $340k. and here i was totally hoping we could see if kickstarter implodes when you hit 1000% funded!
ok, i just kicked in an extra $10 for the signed front plate, and because $15 was too little money for so much awesome.
@ronnie, i was looking at backer number sorry....not monetary figures.... but whatever way we look at it, this is an incredible achievement
just bumped up my pledge.
@monty: it would currently be the 8th most funded comic project.  it will have to beat $197,512 to be third. http://www.kickstarter.com/discover/categories/comics/most-funded#p1
i remain surprised no-one has picked up the $4k one-of-a-kind book. it's such a cool reward. shame i'm about $3900 light...
*in comic section
over 4000 backers... what an incredible achievement... that makes this (if i am not mistaken) the third highest in ks with backers... wow.... congrats.
a new story by the creative team of secret six and a signed bookplate, i can't wait!  i really miss new secret six.
just upped my pledge $5, not even going to get anything out of it. just to get that last possible stretch goal of 120k. i know 150k won't be possible, but 120k actually is. i want that postcard and extra pdf pages!
there are 104 alternate cover books still available. just $35 more. that's $3640, more if you didn't even go for a signed bookplate or physical copy.
does the baldness include eyebrows? lol
stretch goal one has been achieved. on to the second one to bring us one step closer to a bald jim!
nice bump in the last couple of hours!
111k is in reach! maybe 120k is possible after all? let's do this!
i see my empty slot is already filled. i hope you whoever s/he is happy! :d
es.... i am tempted to pledge 42k to be known from here on out as the man behind jim's chrome dome, the man who caused calafiore to lose his hair, the man.... a bit too obsessed with his own maniacal idea. good luck!!
nice! we'll probably even reach the $111k stretch goal. :)
great! ok everyone, time to up your pledges!
and here's the last stretch goals: $111k - a new 6-8 page supplemental story that will be pdf/digital delivery only; every backer $9-pdf level and above will receive this exclusively. and everyone receiving a physical copy of the book gets a full color leaving megalopolis bookmark. $120k - either a second 6-8 page supplemental story, or the first supplement will be expanded to 12-16 pages. pdf/digital delivery only; every backer $9-pdf level and above will receive this exclusively. and everyone receiving a physical copy of the book will get a full color leaving megalopolis postcard and a full color leaving megalopolis bookmark. $150k - jim will shave his head. (pretty sure we're not making this one, --i hope-- but if we do, it will be filmed and put up for viewing.) (ps: there's no allowance here for back-outs and denied credit cards; if my hair is going, it's at 150k for real)
congratulations on getting past $105...looking forward to the book, and a bookmark or postcard would be awesome...
postcard is awesome idea, map would be amazing but postcard is cool!
that postcard idea is awesome!
bookmarks or postcards, either one sounds good!!
a nice stretch goal reward i've seen in some comic kickstarters is a video of part of the creation process.
digital stretch reward would be good, especially if it were the map !!!! extra funds to shipping all that extra content.....
congrats on getting well funded. i can't wait to get the book.
shave my head?! more like 150k for that one. i've had this out-of-fashion ponytail for a while. i (jim) was out most of the night yesterday; it was great to see us go over 105k tracking on my ipad. we are trying to figure out some small final stretch goals. we won't be adding to the book itself; the cost would be prohibitive, and a stretch goal we'd never hit in 24hrs. we think 112 is the right size. (btw- books go in page count increments of 16 pages generally; a single issue is 32 pgs, etc.) we are definitely looking at bookmarks, and maybe a "wish you were/weren't here" postcard from megalopolis. the folding map was an interesting idea. would be kind of neat to make a fake map of the city. but there's no time to even figure that out, let alone get a quote in. we've gotten some great suggestions, and we're considering some extra pdf/digital-only content for a stretch goal. it's tough co-ordinating with a 3 hour time difference, but hopefully a definitive update very soon.
@milán: no worries. i can understand that sometimes money is tight and unexpected circumstances change everything. i'm sure someone will gladly step up and grab that $150 one, since they went fast last time. and a stretch goal should be in the works right now. just bump your pledge by $10 for the signed plate if you haven't, or bump it by $1-5 just to be nice to gail and jim who have given us a lot of content for only $15, and we'll be set. in a world where 32 page comics (which are really 24 pages +ads) are $3.99, a 112 page hardcover for only $15 is amazing.
congratulations on hitting the stretch goal.
i know it's only 24 hours left but due to lack of money i have to drop out from the $150 sketch zone to the signed physical one. ;-( i hope some lucky guy who missed out will fill the space as it would be a shame to let that slot waste! sorry!
at this point.......i'm just hoping we get another update???
so...... another stretchgoal? $106k.. just sayin'
(if not please advise)
i think with the extra pages, all extra will go towards shipping... i added $10 to the $300 tier. i hope that is sufficient...
heyho, maybe they can use the extramoney to size the book up...i loooove oversized hardcovers.
wow.. went to bed and woke up to extra pages..... keep the original guys for yourselves.. keep it for posterity...whooohoooo !!
went ahead and bumped up my pledge for the name plate :)
my body is ready.
how about more extreme. more balls to the walls.
how about a fold-able map of megalopolis?
108k..... jim shaves his head bare. ;)
i second the bookmark idea.
bookmarks!  love bookmarks.
@tanner: nope. going higher would mean greatly increasing print and shipping costs. i'm sure jim and gail are working on something.
new goal... $112k for another 12 pages?  make it 124 total pages?
@christopher: hi! thanks for your pledge since it helps all of us. indeed, as long as you're in the continental us, $15 now gets you a 112 page hardcover graphic novel! if you can somehow manage to add $10 to that (for a total of $25) you will get a signed plated (signed by both jim and gail) added to your hardcover, and you would help them work on even more projects for us. they've shown us they can deliver great quality work, and they're doing it at a very low price considering most ks ask for $25 or more for a hardcover.
hello all! just threw in on a 15 dollar pledge. kickstarter has been eating too much of my bank account to go higher. so, just to make sure, at the 15 level i get the hardcover, 120 page graphic novel? thanks!
see? told you! still plenty of time to throw another stretch goal before it is over!
count 'em, 105k!
40 hrs left......plenty of time for a mini stretch goal???
105k passed! wow triple the original goal.
$105!!!
congrats! :)
we did it! $105k!
congrats on reaching the final stretch goal!
next stretch goal!
yyeeeeeaaaaahhhh
so..what's next? ;) do you have a mini-stretch goal?
there we go.  i figured i could use a bookplate.
bam! exactly 105k!! :d
a tender? cummn; let's be having the next stretch goal already....
$10 to go!
lovely little bit of recycling on ebay the last couple of days, and i can jump in on this and  turn old stuff into gold to look forward to. a hardcover with signed book plate for the uk will be a real treat for next year. easily the nicest $40 i've spent in a while, congratulations gail and jim.
just upped my pledge...come on 112 pages!
this is so exciting! come on 112pgs!
just $900 more!!!
see? we'll get to $105,000 today. lets not forget that some people star projects so they can pledge during the last 48 hours, for one reason or another, and that is why we're seeing a jump in pledges right now.
under $2000....
i cannot believe the comic has not been snapped up yet !!
@antonio... i know.. i wish i had half their talent, and then i could afford more of their comics ... lol.. there is so much talent... i cannot stop watching this page.. really want that extra content..... (i normally read novels... so content =excellent)
@monty: you missed out on tokyo wonderland, fairy quest, sidekick and retrovirus. start saving, because comic book projects at kickstarter have been awesome so far. only $2.5 to go with 48 hours. i say we'll make it in the next 24 hours, and we should aim higher with one more goal before it is over.
almost there! :)
lol@dablue.. i am having fun, i have not read a comic since i was a child, came on ks for a beloved game, and discovered a wealth of talent, including these incredible talents gail and jim, and am loving the opportunity to access all this talent.... i love good story telling and the art is incredible.. so must be a winner !!  oh and the last 24 hours have been wonderful for this project, and if it continues in this vein we are a shoe in for those extra pages of story telling....
monty.. my australian outback friend.. you got a lot of intresting graphical novels in your pledge list.. i will check them out =)
*insert - and someone will swoop...
you wait.. .a few seconds left to go, (after we have hit the 105k) and swoop up that fantastic original....if only i had the money.... (oh and lived in the right hemisphere... continent...)...
but seriously guys.. were tredning towards $107k  so the $105k should be doable if we keep this uplift of the last couple of days going. cheer it from the rooftops (wait till all your neighbours are awake first tho) and blackmail your relatives into pledging.. the dreamversion of the book is around the corner.
@chad: lol thought the same thing.. would be kind of cool tho.. having a book with inlaid diamonds probably.. golden name plates.. the works =)
62 hours to go vs $3,600. promote this as much as you can and everybody wins!
thank you gail and jim for bringing us such an exciting project.  i can hardly wait to read/enjoy it!
what?  1100k? when did they get over 1.1 million dollars? that said - i'm hoping we can get those last $4k in in the next 2 days so we can have the 112 pages!
woot 1100k that's is amazing.
i just added $5 to my token $15 pledge just to let you know that you and your team of creators are appreciated. met dave sim in toronto when cerebus was about 25 issues old. i like his (and your) approach...
congrats guys. $100k is an amazing milestone!
how about some nice bookmarks? can't have enough of them.
105k will definitely happen! :) have you already planned anything for beyond 105k?
/cheer !!!!
$100,000 congratulations... now for that $105,000
so close... and now we are up to hours...
somebody contact a comicbook news site and spread the news we 6k
took me a while, but i've backed the project. stretch goal is close!
just upped mine to $25. want the extra pages and a signed copy! always lovedthis team. never hated to see a series end like i did secret six.
come on, let's spread the word as far as possible. we need just over $5,600.
you lucky guys. internationals have to pay for two and just get one... ;)
@matthew: great point!!  i added another book to my pledge.  i figured an unsigned version to read and a signed bookplate version to "put away"!!  ($40 for 2 hardcover books, one of which containing autographs, with shipping being included - still a great deal!!) none of us want to think that we received a condensed version of the story!!
hope we can hit 105k. would love those extra pages, if we don't i'll always wonder how the story was originally meant to turn out.
so how about this.  if everybody at the $15 or above level added $3 to their pledge, we'd get the extra pages.  $18 for a hardback 112 page book (with a corresponding expanded and improved story) is not a bad deal.  you might want to send out an update pointing that out when it comes to the last 24 hours or so.  heck, an extra $2.50 per person would be enough.
the perfect choice for the plate...
only gail and jim will be signing the bookplate. and, yes, just add $10 to your pledge.
@alan: hehe.. you know.. just because you look like rupert grint i will take that challange =)
@dablue   riddle me this. what is 3 x 3 + 1? give up? the amount i just upped my pledge. now it's $25. you have the guts to up yours just 1 x 3? (harmless intended teasing)
waiting for that last surge at the end of a ks.....
will the whole creative team be signing the face plate? and all i have to do to get it is add 10 more dollars to my pledge? so it is $25 for the book + faceplate?
looking forward to this book first and foremost. a review from gail and jim of my writing is just the gravy! though that does imply that the book is mashed potatoes. i do like mashed potatoes though. which part of this deal is the butter?
it looks like the $105k stretch goal might be feasible, after all! we're already over $97k with 4 days still to go :d
if i am not mistaken isnt leaving megalopolis coming close to be the second most funded comic on kickstarter?
if everyone cancels their pledge we have no project at all.. (thus saying that even tho that is a nice portait of math.... its not usable.)
if everyone donates 3 more dollars, we'll have the stretch goal.
i'm trying to get a like-minded comic book-liking friend of mine in on this too.  he won't help us reach the stretch goal alone, but its one person closer!
i hope you are right! :) the extra pages would be sweet!
there's still just over week left. that's plenty of time to get $11k+. http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/2069222802/leaving-megalopolis/#chart-daily shows 3 days already during this project of over $10k in contributions, and a number of days of over $2k. many projects have big upswings in pledges during the final few days of the drive, especially within the last 48 hours. i have no doubt we'll see that here too. we're really only now hitting the homestretch.
oh this is going to be great. anybody know a millionaire who can kick in that 12k?
i have to agree 105k is far too much. maybe because i dont have a clue what all the things cost, but its the feeling that it's just kinda wrong...
@daryl: well according to kicktraq its still trending towards $117k.. so who knows.. the gods might be in our favor.
i think we all can do this! during the last hours more people tend to pledge. at least according to my observations. so i really hope this will work out as 112 pages would be just freaking great!
i really hope i am wrong, but it seems that $105k is overshooting it. the way its going now with pledges is that $100k is still a real valid option.. buit $105k .. no so much.. hope alot of late minute pledgers come out of the woodwork.
alright, i'm in!  $15 is a steal for a deal like this!
hang on where is the torso and penguins???
$105k.... (notice the 'k' dablue..lol)... here we come !!!!
@creators: thanks for accommodating us international backers. now let's press on toward the $105k!
i love you guys.. seriously... i do
woke up to a nice surprise. we crested 92k overnight, so didn't see it. woo hoo, jason. answers to a few questions: - the book will be standard hardcover comicbook size, around 10.5 x 7 inches. - i understand about taxes for shipments outside the us. the value of the book will be listed at $15, including the alternate cover. for the higher rewards, (print, sketch, commissions, etc.), those backers will be asked for a preference.  - been meaning to get more art up here, but honestly i (jim) have been busy completing a bunch of painting commissions for delivery at baltimore comic con this weekend. (and anyone going to the show, stop by and say "hi".) try and get something up next week; been mulling over a design for the bookplate. simple; not crazy. - 112 page stretch goal (this will also be posted in updates and on the main page): $105k we think we have a legitimate chance of making that; fingers crossed.
good god, yes!!! freaking awesome. welcome to the team jason! =) this is just getting better and better! i wonder what's in for us at 100k?
happy to see jason is on board........ next stop.....
@jim and gail: now.. let us know how many coins to scrounge up for the 112 page edition stretchgoal?
@all $92k!!!!!!!!!... welcome about jason.. hope you had a decent shower first!
@wojtek: to be honest, i didnt look at it from that angle. taxes are indeed our worst enemy when it comes to shipping.
@dablue: that's exactly what us europeans are paying extra for: shipping and taxes. but according to german law at least these don't influence the value of the goods and should be stated explicitly. these are separate costs that don't count into the amount you have to pay import sales tax for. otherwise you would pay higher taxes for something worth less if the shipping costs were higher. cheap goods + expensive shipping =  expensive goods + cheap shipping = the same amount of taxes? now, where would be the logic in that?
@gail and jim: so close to the $92k goal. can allmost smell jason ;p. (time for him to get a shower probably)
@wojtek: i dont understand your logic. you pay more since you need shipment from the us to germany. that is more expensive then from us to us. you dont have to pay extra shipping costs.
i hope i can scrounge up another 10 dollars for that faceplate. and i hope to hear more about the 112 page thing as well. also will you put up any sample pictures of the book and face plate? you can write "work in progress" under the picture, just to give people an idea of what everything will look like. even just writing the dimensions of the book (i.e. 8"x12") would be nice.
since we are obviously going to reach the $92k mark with more than a week left to go - can we get a solid number for the "112 pages" stretch goal?
i'm living in germany, too. the shipping costs are in no way part of the value of the book. otherwise, it would make no sense, why should paper suddenly cost double the price in europe that it does in the us? so the declared value should stay at $15 no matter where the books get shipped to. this is how it's usually done with the kickstarter pledges (e.g. wasteland).
a question in the name of all international backers:  when shipping starts, do you mark the value of the package on 15$ (like for us backers), oder 30$? and maybe as "gift"? just asking, because i would like to order that piece of art to germany and if the value is marked below ~26$ it would be taxfree. i think you would do the international backers a great favor if you consider this at shipping. best regards.
love the fact that you're both putting so much work in to make this a top quality product. can't wait to get to get this. loving the fact there's gonna prose story and short in the book too!!
*gotcha
got ha.  thanks for the quick response!
hi the book is standard hardcover comic book size. though a pledge may be limited in number, only the ones listed as "limited edition" will be signed and numbered. the bookplate will be signed, but not limited.
two quick questions to either gail or jim (or both): 1) do you know what the dimensions of the book are going to be yet?  standard graphic novel size or closer to comic book size? 2) would it be possible to get the "alternate cover" edition of the book numbered like the 11x17 prints at the same pledge level since it looks like there will be a limited run of them?  or i guess if we throw in the additional $10 for the signed book plate, would numbering be included? i'm planning on getting 2 copies of this book, 1 to read and 1 to display!  to say i can't wait to read the story your incredible minds created is an understatement!
lol
monty ! we passes $92 ages ago ;) (love that typo)
92k is getting interesting, jason on board, daryl naked (torso) and an invasion from penguins.. come on $92 !!!
and dablue is right dennis, i was referring to jason wright being on board. ;)
fo sho. nude pics coming up. but first, let's make the 92k happen!
@dennis: but in all seriousnes, our semi naked friend daryl was most likely talking about this "$92k will allow us to bring the jason wright on board as well as a letterer/pre-press person."
@dennis: hahaha.. you read my mind =)
@dablue upper half, always the upper half
@dennis: daryl will post a half-nude picture of himself.. i let you decide which half is nude.
@daryl what happens then, again? i hope not an invasion from penguins
@michael: yeah it annoys me.. because lets face it.. who doesnt want a vibrant and talking community.. guess the comic book followers are all reading their books more then the forums hehe
my first adventure outside of the games section and i'm already spending money.  curses!
@dablue: the comment sections in non-game kickstarters are really quiet, aren't they?
4k more..we can do this!!!
*watches a tumbleweed roll by*
*does a silly dance on "dabop!"  (wtf!) , because he is happy that we are slowly creeping towards $92k*
@tanner it was just a guess and chad's comment was the inspiration for it. ;-) of course it can be higher than 95k. in the end it comes down to this: we all want more pages and are happy to pledge more for it. :)
i want to see us over $100k.. would love jason and the pages....
tanner, i believe they might be getting the $95k from my comment on the update where i suggested it as the 112-page goal level.  or maybe we just all came to the same guestimate, i'm not sure.  either way, the front page now says the 112-page level would be over $100k somewhere, so the $95k is out it seems. i am confident we will make it, whatever the goal is, because people recognize that this is an amazing project and will continue to get the word out.
not sure where people are getting the 112 pages at 95k goal, but i totally understand if it'll need to be higher.  say at 100k or like 105k.  whatever will safely get us more story.
86k! on to 92k, which, now that i know what it is, i'm a lot more excited for. 14k in 16 days, that's just under 1k per day. here's looking at you!
jep, like daryl said
what tanner said. get jason on the team, the extra letterer and bump the book to 112 pages when we reach 95k. i don't need a bookmark, stickers or something like that. however, now that i've changed my pledge to the "alternate cover version", i'd be really cool to have a slip cover with the original artwork.
informal poll in all, i'd much prefer a bigger page count over other things when it comes to these stretch goals.  loved the bookplate, hardcover and boost to 96 pages.  i completely agree, rather than getting "extras" in the form of stuff, put the money back into the book and make it bigger and better.  i'd love to bump it to 112 or even 120 pages if possible.  the longer the book, the more we can enjoy your talents.
thanks ondrea.  :)
@chad you are awesome! great idea man
i agree with junik.  more money, more pages indeed. would you kindly consider maybe including a side story about a lone man - separate from the main group of normal humans - who single-handedly bests a group of insane superpowered former heroes.... and maybe he's an everyman, a kind of dorky fellow, with glasses, and bit too much weight, and maybe even a goatee - and maybe he somehow snaps one of the super-heroines out of before she actually even kills anyone, and they live happily ever after.  and maybe he's modeled after a random backer of your kickstarter campaign.  and maybe his name could be something down-to-earth, common - but not too common, and monosyllabic - like clark, or bruce, or... idon'tknow,  chad or something. and his last name could emphasize his everyman-ness, by being one of the most common names in the english speaking world, and also monosyllabic like jones or brown or ... idon'tknow, smith or something. or, you know, whatever.  just throwing ideas around.
yay for the hardcover. @gail: thanks for doing the interview with jamal igle about molly danger on cbr.
so what's the next goal... we've got a whole 18 more days to break it!
awesome! we did it! it finally went over $81k! congrats to gail and jim and all the other backers! :)
more money, more pages!
woohoo!
hardcover!!
yay, over 81k!
glad i saw mention of this in the "grumpy old fan" column at cbr.  i've been a fan of gail's since "killer princesses" and "you'll all be sorry." but i've been a fan of jim calafiore even longer - buying "progeny" from the caliber comics booth at a chicago comicon when it was one of caliber's first ever releases.  i've loved his distinctive style ever since. glad to see you guys able to go the self-publishing route.
do we have a goal after $81k?
wow.  went past 80k excellent.  look forward to seeing the hardcover.
we're definitely going to be getting the hardcover, less than $400 to go. congrats on shooting past 200%.
the goal of $34,000 seems so minuscule in comparison to what the pledged amount is now, and there's still 19 days to go!
tiny bit over $1,500 for the hard cover target!! sooo close!!!!!!!
@dennis: berlin :)
argh! another kickstarter that wants my money. but with the hc almost certain now, i couldn't resist any longer.
@dennis, we go to hard cover... i am confident and have already donated the extra $5 for shipping (not a requirement, but it will aid their costs).....
@daryl nice to hear :) where are you from? what happens when we reach 81k?
you're not alone dennis! ;-) we almost reached $81,000!!
sure, thank you for the quick answer, i raised the pledge, still a interesting projekt *thumb up*
matt you got it thanks
dennis don't think you're the first from germany. shipping is included, though we won't refuse anything extra you'd like to contribute to help the project along..   :) thanks
one question, if i stock up to the 50$ pledge, how much do i have to add for shipping to germany?
am i the first one from germany? :)
just over $2.5k from the stretch goal!!  we can do it!!
so i selected the $50 reward, but pledged $60.  that's right for the signed plate, right?
i would really like to increase my pledge, but without seeing a single finished pages from the comic that is really hard.  why dont you release an absolute tiny prewiev? just that peoply get an impression what they expect. best regards.
@dablue, i know... was teasing back...
or maybe you were just seeing leaving megalopolis supporters on the remind project?
you only see us remind supporters on the best projects. :op
it's interesting seeing the same people from the remind kickstarter project over on other projects :)
was just teasing you monty ;)
@dablue.... guy????????????
i'm sure there are plans for stretch goals in place beyond the hardcover upgrade, but i was curious as to the possibility of seeing a comixology download offered? i know you're offering a .pdf download, but it'd be nice to see it unified with the rest of my digital comics collection.
well.. word is around the net that there is this guy calling himself.. monty.... ;p
who minds updates????
proudly increased my pledge by $10 to help towards a hardcover and get signatures to boot!
@gail/jim: the more updates the merrier. makes my morning when i see another update of the talented duo (tm)
it's going to be the alternate cover. if you don't mind the updates, i'll be posting the image as i create it, from sketch to finished piece.
hiya,  just curious - any ideas on what the 11x17 print is gonna be?
i got it all squared away through pledge manager. i just put it at 80, 50 for alt cover, 10 for signed plate, 15 for the standard gn and threw in 5 more just because you guys rock weather the hardcover goal hits or not!
opps had to go back and add the extra $10 for the signature plate.  should have made it it $11 to make the total 76k!
all right.  i moved up to the $50 level for the book and print.  i like stuff to hang on the wall.
thank you for your quick reply, it is very late here, was in bed and just checked... so thank you...shall add $5 - i am sure the $81,000 shall be surpassed......
i added $10 for the 'name plate' and to help contribute a little more for the hardcover. i'd love to help out more but for the moment that's all i can manage.
@gail/jim: aaaww.. now you are just showing off ;p
nothing more is required, monty. we'd appreciate $5 if you could spare it, but the hc upgrade is free (if we reach the 81k goal).
@gail/jim: kudo's for having the fastest reply button in the west...
hi monty  international shipping is included in the higher pledges. if you wanted to pledge more, we would not complain; everything helps. but it is no way required. thanks for the support
(read that back, sorry not well and tired.. hence it came out as gibberish.....)  really just want to know how much i will need to increase my pledge with hc (or even if it is required at sc due to international shipping (i know you said on the home page that it was included unless specificially excluded.. it is just that i am aware of the costs involved....)
hi, i have just added $10 for the plate, and i have chosen the $50 tier with print, but am concerned that this does include postage to international (aussie land).  i know how much it is to mail overseas, so want to make sure that i do not have to add more if it goes to hc, which at this rate i am sure it will....if so, could you pls advise how much... sorry to be a hassle....
just added $10 for the book plate.  very excited about the hardcover goal.  have no doubt in my mind we'll reach it.  excited to hear what the future goals past that might be.  maybe a mini print or poster of megalopolis, something small enough it could be packed into the graphic novel.  or maybe a small map of the city?
finally got time to read the darkest house. bought it back when it came out in jan i think but just had time to read it a month ago. all i can say to you both  is bravo!! also batgirl is now one of my favorites. hopefully this won't be your only kickstarter project!
just want to say that being an avid comic fan, i love how you are on top of answering our questions despite how busy you must be. thanks for the hard work and time! look forward to this book!
hahaha, sorry i just have a cheesy sense of humor when it comes to screen names. ok so i can just up my pledge at the end of the drive by 15.00 and get a standard editon as well. thank you.
kickstartmyheart -- (and that's not a little weird addressing somebody that way)-- there are two options: 1) start a second account and pledge from there.  2) up your pledge for the second book and after the drive is over, we coordinate the upgrade.  (this does not work on getting a limited for the additional pledge; those have to stay limited.)
i'm more interested in the content. dust jacket or no...either s fine with me.
question since this is only the 2nd project i've backed. so far i selected the alternate cover as my reward. can i also back it a second time for the regular edition? thought i would ask before i try so i don't mess up my current pledge. also i vote for the dust jacket if goal is met.
dust jacket is my vote. i also had a question regarding my pledge. i pledged at the $75 level and was wondering if we get to choose what/who our head sketch will be? please say yes!
got your email question.  i'd prefer the dust jacket but i'm easy to please.  hope you guys are having fun....that should be what it's all about (as opposed to the hokie pokie).
yes james; just add 10 for the signed plate. that pays for us shipping it across the us and such; it gets inserted in the book and shipped with it. and if you'd like to up a little extra to help us to the hardcover goal, we won't protest.  :-)
two questions i am pledged at the 50 dollar level with the 11 by 17 print and was wondering being from the uk do i need to add anything to my pledge for shipping, also do i just need to add 10 dollars for the book plate? thanks james
i wouldn't mind bumping my pledge up to one of the $50 levels but i'm from canada.  are those available for non usa pledgers or can we pick and add an amount for shipping?
@ondrea: and how are you going to pay for that? you are just a baby! ;p
+1 any word on hardcover stretch goal ?
yes i am very interested in the hardcover as well. i am willing to up my pledge for a hardcover edition
i agree with tanner and chad. please elborate on the hardcover stretchgoal.
hardcover option please!
just wondering what the status of the potential hardback version was.  do you have a stretch goal amount in mind?  is it even feasible?
i'm excited about this project, glad to backer, good luck and can't wait!
maybe make levels for multiple books.  two, and three books this way people who want one for a friend not on kickstarter can just up their pledges.
great idea... can't wait to find out the story!
please make a hardcover available! would be more than happy to up my pledge to make it happen.
congrats for the doubling! :) well deserved!
congratulations on doubling your goal!  here's to crossing the $100k threshold.
i have backed this and i'm getting a copy of the book - can i sign up a friend fir their birthday or is that not possible? x
just a quick message to let you know france is backing you up on this project throught scarce, his long running mag about us comics!  i (xavier lancel, its editor in chief) made a small 2$ donation only because, it's not your fault at all,  but as mch as i want to support the project by prepaying for it to help make it into print, i'll be frank: i would never pay 30$ for it (it sucks being in europe when you want to support us projects and do not like reading comics on a screen). so, only a 2$ donation, to be follow of course by my purchase of the book, throught other channels (i bet/hope there will be some). hope you understand.  congrats, i hope this will be followed by others projects by you two! :)
thank you for adding the additional background / supporting character pledge.
got the plate! if the hardcover comes out it will be perfect!
and i hope this means that gail can start her own publishing line with jim. let's have more secret six (just not called that so you don't have get sued)
i finally decided to back this!  i can't wait because i absolutely loved your work on batgirl!  :)
added $10 for the bookplate. i can't wait for the harcover :)
this looks great.  i added the $10 for the book plate.  if you get a chance to increase the amount of backers for the $300 or $500 pledge ( to include yourself being drawn in the novel) that would be awesome.
upped my pledge by $10 for the signed bookplate. now let us all hope that we'll reach the hardcover stretch goal. probably again before it gets posted ;)
otimo projeto.. estou torcendo para que de tudo certo.
i'm a big fan of the secret six and as soon as i read simone and calafiore i was sold. this will be beyond epic and i can't wait to have the book in my hands! i've added $10 as well to my order. a hard cover version would be really neat though! by the way, other artists sell their hard cover books on kickstarter for around $45-$50. just to give you a hint. ;-)
looks like we are going to easily double (and probably more) your goal - is upping the page count by 50% (to 120) too much to hope for? (you know, without dragging out the story unnecessarily - but more gruesome superhero on human violence is always necessary!) make it a crazy number - like $100k or something that you don't think we'll reach, and then we'll reach it.  :)
thanx dave, yep, that $10 works jim
ive been backing the $150.00 option and even though it dosent say anything about a bookplate ive added the extra $10 hopeing it still counts.  still mulling over in my head what character id want jim to sketch....  love your work on batgirl gail, huge fan of the direction youve taken her in! ^_^
+$10 to my original pledge. happy to support!!
add me as another who''l up my pledge for a hard cover version.
i would say option #2 makes the most sense in this case.
i'd vote for option 2 after hearing about "rubbed off signatures."
even though i haven't read secret six (since i can't get it here in backwater croatia), the concept behind leaving megalopolis is brilliant, and i'm proud as hell to support you guys! i'm also one of the people who have gotten wind of this kickstarter a bit too late for the 75+ dollar tier rewards, but would be absolutely stoked for a hard cover of the graphic novel and would throw in a few dollars more to if you make it a viable option.
woohoo! just something to note, just  in case... :p do read the latest update and leave your comment there for either option 1 or 2. this is getting better day-by-day!
count me as one of the many that miss secret six, and happily would back this just as a way to say thanks for making it.  at the end of the run, the only dc book that sold more than secret six in my store was the batman family of books.  it had an incredible following in my parts.
i do miss secret six making this a very easy decision to pledge.
add one more backer to the list who would up his pledge to upgrade the book from sc to hc.
@dan. i am trying to be positive and posting the link isnt trying to bash then, but recently i read and hear alot of news about dc that makes me cringe. perhaps gail and jim could start a secret six kickstarter after this one... assuming the ip rights are not in safe somewhere at dc hq.
i'm not trying to bash on dc.  i buy a lot of dc comics.  they're a business, and eventually it will be about the money.  i'm just hoping they see the kickstarter support and realize maybe there's more money in secret six than they thought (both in individual book sales and tpbs), if only they were to market it a little better.  of course, they did give it 36 issues, which is more than many series get.  anywho, i'm trying to remain positive about the possibility.
well as long as dc is being dicks about the crediting bill finger as a known batman co-creator http://www.ign.com/articles/2012/07/21/hero-worship-batmans-unsung-hero i am positive they wont think "oh golly, we should relaunch secret six".  /sigh
i wonder whether this is the sort of data point dc looks at and thinks, 'damn, we should relaunch secret six.' (well, probably not.  but here's hoping.)
yeah i understand.
sorry, drew, but i had to limit some of the drawing and commission incentives; if it was unlimited, i might never get time to draw the actual book.
would love to see something like the $75 pledge.  bummer that there were only 30, so i am at the $50 tier.
awesome!!! now, crossing my fingers for an option for hardcover version which i don't mind topping up! congratulations with 31 days left! let's blow this!
bring on the stretch goals!
oh and even tho its frowned upon (and i am sorry ;p) but also take a look at super!. its a series of superheroes that has alot of potential.  http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/101667246/super
@milan: tbh id like to know if there is a stretchgoal planned for a hardcover. at the moment there is no hardcover planned. and seeing how jim is off doing whatever it is jims do these days we wont hear from them untill later this week. i really am intrested in this project, but tbh id like it more if it was hardcover.
how much money should be pledged to make it a hc?!
so nice to meet you at geekgirlcon, gail! thanks for the ww comic, and as promised i did indeed back your kickstarter!
is the comic book going to be in full color?
hi jim, i met you at boston comicon in april, and bought secret six #32 page 4 (http://bit.ly/npwcbk) from you for an *extremely* reasonable price, as well as a couple of your x-men painting prints :-) you were a very cool, down to earth artist and i'm happy to back your kickstarter project. i can't believe i missed most of the limited edition pledge goals... but it looks like you should have no problem coming up with the remaining $2700 with more than a month left. any stretch goals yet? hardcover would be a very nice start...
simone/calafiore is a great team! this was my first ks pledge too, and i'm very excited to get a copy of the book. thanks for doing this project!
jim after my friend convinced me to stop at your booth at chicago con today to look at your latest prints (he bought your captain american art on lay a way while i bought a flash, batman and robin prints) you and i got to talking about this kickstarter.  your pitch worked and now i'm backing the project.  after talking to you about it i'm excited to see where the project goes!  can't wait for it to become fully funded and then see what types of goodies we might get for backing it.  good luck and thanks again for informing me of the project!
i've been waiting for this to hit kickstarter since i heard jim's interview on the comic geek speak podcast. the book sounds great. i'm heading down to wizard world chicago. hope i can stop by the booth and say hello!
this is oly my second pledge ever but i was definitely more then happy to donate to this project.
i'm really looking forward to this. i purchased the entire run of secret six just recently and i'm a fan of gail for life now.
hmm, i so often think im done with 'dark' in comics ('dark' can be fun but so many titles are heading for 'dreary'). but between gail's work on wonder woman, jim's work on exiles and the bfs love of secret six i'm in.
will we get our names in the book in a thank you section if we pledge $25 or more, or is it a virtual pat on the back? either way i'm glad to be backing this!
i joined kickstarter for this and excited to be a part of it!
i missed out on the script :( still happy to back it though!
michael ivey-- i just added a faq for that. answer is unless stated otherwise in the pledge, international shipping is included.
looking forward to this! sad to say i didn't read secret six until the comixology sale (upon which i went "holy crap i missed out on something awesome when it was running!"), but i'm definitely getting in on the ground floor here. a question for us international customers though - if we're pledging to a higher level incentive than the $30 one, do we need to pledge an additional amount to cover any shipping difference?
this was a no-brainer. giving back to the team that provided non-stop entertainment with their secret six run? hell, yes! stoked! this is the future of comics!
this is my first kickstarter pledge and it couldn't go to a more deserving project. kudos!!!
i didn't even have to think twice before contributing to this.  i can't wait to read it!!
glad to see both of you together again! awesome! the sky's the limit! and totally, will blow this out of the water! btw, just a quick question...  • i love my books in hardcovers and hoping there will be a hardcover version :d and • will the book be packed securely upon shipping? afraid it will be dinged and dented... amazon packed the worst. the best i seen packed, is books from http://www.instocktrades.com/  the foam is shaped the way it is packed with the book. please consider this. thank you and all the best! cheers
fantastic that you two are teaming up again! best of luck!
