hey steve, i live in prague, czech republic, and am sitting in a gay bar and they just played all american boy.
hey tom, no video is planned as of yet, but i will let you know next time one is with as much notice as possible! bob wiles, i'm sending you a message, check your inbox. thanks all, - steve
still waiting for an update on when a video is being shot so i can be an extra. the only notice i saw of one was a last minute post for on in chicago a while back.
did i miss something?   are we still getting our smelly marker drawings?     mine has not arrived.  hope all is well.
hey mani, i am going to message you directly about the drawings since i cannot respond directly to comments on here.
am i the only one who hasn't gotten their smelly marker drawing?
as one of your many kickstarter supporters , i just wanted to say thank you. i was never more proud of be you supporter when i saw that you accepted us marines tanner whites request to  accompany him to the marine singer. you are not only a great role model, but a great human being. thank you. please keep me on the list to support your next project
hey, i know its a bit late but i haven't got my cd yet. is there a way to find out where it is? thanks from advance, ariel
hi there what going on with the vital records
got my stinky marker drawing yesterday - in fact saw it in steve's video yesterday too - now to find a frame for such a masterpiece.  think i'll call the louvre and see if they can loan me one of leonardo's for the next 40 years.
hey steve, how are you doing....just wanted to make sure you received my correct address - for my reward of the smelly markers drawing. hope to get that from you soon, i figured it would be in your next last or so batch of them being mailed out could you let me know when you get a chance for me please? your music is wonderful - looking forward to a new album down the line from you in the future! love all american boy!  so cool! thanks again... aaron pacentine
hey backers! as i said in my latest update, you will get the fastest answer from me if you message me directly on here. it's much easier to reply to you directly that way. (that doesn't mean it will always be in 24 hours. when i am traveling i often don't even look at it because i don't have all the materials at my disposal to help you). the only physical rewards that have not been sent out are a handful of smelly marker drawings (they take a good 40 minutes each), and vinyl. vinyl is being manufactured as we speak but they have not gotten back to me will a delivery date. as soon as they let me know, i will let you know! they just began production last week. some of the artwork needed reformatting so it didn't get in as soon as i had hoped. it can take several weeks, but i am keeping my fingers crossed it will be sooner than that! so outside of those instances, if you have not received a reward that you should have, please message me and let me know what you think you should have received. i am the only one who manages this page and responds to you guys. there is only one other person involved with this operation, and that is the person responsible for most of the shipping. i have already worked with a lot of you who have had issues with shipping. believe it or not, when shipping things all around the world, a few things are bound to give us some trouble. please remember that i am dealing with thousands of orders all over the world. i am not a corporation with a big shipping department, but i promise you i will do all i can to help make sure you get your rewards! that doesn't mean it will always go smoothly or as quickly as may be ideal, but i am doing my best with the resources i have available. thank you so much! - steve
greetings steve! happy to see you are doing well with you first album--you deserve it! this is in response to you kickstarter email about if i received the autograph print; i have not received anything in the mail as of yet. take care!  tony vines
i just received the update about the vinyl albums. my address has changed since the survey went out. what is the best way to send you an updated address?
i still haven't received my reward but you know what? i don't fucking care anymore, you've been a big waste of time and money. thanks a lot for stealing my money
hey steve, i love the album and can't stop listening to it. i was just wondering if there are any updates on the vinyl? i'm itching to listen to it on my record player and cannot wait!
hey man... any word on the vinyl? love the record, can't wait to get my vinyl of it.
hey steve i am still waiting your answer about my rewards. it's been a week since i sent you the last message without answer and you told me you would contact your shipment person and would go back to me and you haven't. obviously i haven't received any of my rewards yet and it's been a while now. could you sort this out asap and go back to me please? thanks
hello steve. i'm from brazil, and i wonder if the album has already been sent. i have no information about it. grateful. thank you.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
hey, shouldn't i have received my autographed picture by now?????
anyone still having trouble with the download, refer to my most recent update. i included a general link there. if there are still issues, please message me on here. thanks! :)
i have never received a download code. can it be resent?
hey i've sent an email and checked both spam and junk folders, searched every keyword possible and still no email/download code. i'm desperate to hear the album!
i just wanted to say thank you i love the new album!  you was also my 1st backer and i say my 25 dollars was well worth it and the wait!.
i've sent multiple messages. still no code.
twitter i'd str8talk2   i've sent a few msgs steve... no joy still yet:(
if anyone is having trouble with the download of the album, after you have checked your spam and junk folders (because they often end up there) and read the instructions on bandcamp.com, please email help@grandnation.com the email was sent out at 12:00 am et february 27, so it may still be from the emails you received on february 26 for some of you. thank you for all your support! - steve
the album was worth the wait. great stuff. thanks steve.
it showed in my promotions email tab instead of main.  so just search for steve grand
still haven't received the e-mail and yep i check the spam folder. thanks
this was the first project i backed on kickstarter.  now that i have the digital album in my hands i can honestly say it was well worth the pledge and the wait to receive the final product.  a truly exceptional effort and i hope just the first of many albums to be released in what is sure to be a very successful career!
so good, well worth the wait loving the positive vibes i get when listening. i just love that acoustic version of aab you did, will that be available to download at any point? thanks.
just downloaded the digital album :) lucky americans who can attend steve's concerts ! the wait was worth it :)
i got my shirt a while back, and now i have my digital download! hooray! now i'm just waiting for my copy on physical media (how quaint!) with a personalized thank-you note. i'm a pretty happy customer. :d
i'm so excited to get this download earlier than most of america. (suck it be-aches!!) really though, i'm so honored & proud to have been a kickstarter from the beginning & from what i've encountered from your postings via emails, youtubes, etc., this is gonna be a kick-ass record, & i'm so extremely happy to have been in on the ground floor. you are such a talented artist & continue to impress me. kudos for perservering early on. see? fans flocked to you & supported you when you doubted. best wishes for your bright & exciting future! btw, i'm 63 years old & i think you're one of the hottest performer/artist/singer/songwriters i've ever experienced in my lifetime. bestest wishes for your awesome career future! love you!!
hey brian logan, can you message me on here, or at stevekick@grandnation.com and let me know which reward you selected so i can help sort this out. i can't respond to comments on here, nor can i send a message unless a message has been sent to me, so i hope that you see this! for everyone else, if there are any issues regarding your rewards or address changes, please message me here or at stevekick@grandnation.com thank you all! - steve
i see 2 people say they received the shirt in august. i haven't received mine. i filled out the survey in april and the address has been valid the entire time. how can i get the shirt i pledged for?
where is the album ? still nothing. the elton john cover song is worse than nothing in fact
hey everyone! i just created a new update (update #12) for 11-26-14. in the update i: - give a run down of the status of the fulfillment of each reward. - provide instruction on how to change your address if you have moved since the beginning of this campaign. - provide instruction on how to download the 2 new tracks i sent out a few weeks back if you missed that announcement, or have still had trouble with the download. announcement regarding the album release date will come in the next update (which will be within the next few weeks). hope this update answers your questions!  remember, if you missed any of the other updates, you can always go back and view them in the "updates" section of the campaign. thanks for your continued support and patience! many exciting things coming over the next few months :) - steve
i never got a digital download.  are they coming?
i never got my item. i missed the survey, but updated it in september, and asked if they still plan to send the photo, but have not heard a thing.
i recently moved, how do i update my address?
great new tracks, steve! it was worth the wait! congrats.
when did shirts get sent out?
steve i moved does anyone know how to get u my new address ? thanks
hey guys, i want to make another post here, as i still am getting asked the same questions on facebook, twitter, instagram, email and on here... so many places! :) for those of you who haven't seen it, here is my most recent video update: http://www.youtube.com/watch… i want to do another one very soon, but these last few months i have been going almost non-stop trying to meet the deadline my team, my distributor, and myself decided on to have the finished record (artwork, audio and all).  that date is november 1st, so very soon after that, i should have another update regarding the remainder of the rewards that have not been sent out, as well as how the album turned out... but now that i am on the homestretch, i can say i couldn't be happier with how it has turned out! :) sorry for the delays and thank you for you patience! i promise i have been working non-stop, at least 6 days a week trying to complete the record.  pulling off this giant project was a much more ambitious than i thought, and so naturally it has taken more time.  in addition to the album taking longer, the fulfilling all the kickstarter rewards has also taken longer due to the sheer volume of items i have my personal hand in. but i assure you i am working on them and you, and everyone else, will get everything they were promised. i will be releasing 3 tracks in the next 2 weeks, so you should be receiving that in your email! :) the full album release will be early next year, even though the finished product will be in by november. this is because i got on sony red to distribute my record, which i am so happy about as it will maximize exposure, and as an independent artist, i can use all the help i can get! since the final product has to be in to my distributor by november, i have been working very hard, and quickly, to get everything finalized. as soon as all of the music and artwork is in, i will be finishing up the remainder of the rewards. again, i'm sorry it has taken longer than my initial estimated delivery date.  i've been working very hard and doing my best to balance the expecations of my fans with making sure i am putting out my best work for you guys... also in the most timely manner possible.  it has been quite a ride with its fair share of bumps along the way!  but the record is shaping up so nicely, i can't wait to share it with you, and everyone else who has been so generous and kind in supporting me in this project. more updates to come soon regarding exactly when each reward can be expected. thank you for your continued love, support, and patience! trust me, no one wants this record out more than me. it has truly been my lifelong dream, and i jut want to make sure its everything you guys deserve. all my best, -steve
thanks for the update video take your time and keep up the amazing work. xoxoxo
come on guys, chill out... it's his very first record and he only has 300k do you guys understand what goes into making a record? most people don't, i barely know but i also understand that people need patience... this isn't amazon, it is supporting a cause, if you don't want to support a cause and would rather go shopping then visit amazon.com.  release dates when you create art stupid, i wish steve would have just put "when it's done" instead of a definite date because people don't understand you can't rush recreativity.  so chill out, grab a xanax, beer, wine, cigarette, go get laid, whatever floats your boat to relax.  you all supported steve for a reason, because you like his art, now wait for it...he is a genuine midwestern guy that keeps his promises...how can you not trust those big brown puppy eyes?  even if he didn't get you what you think you "deserve" he deserves your your patience, i can't imagine how much work he is putting into this so love him for his awkward updates and beautiful voice and face. :)
i see im not the only one annoyed at the lack of updates ... i understand the business is hard so as long as i get what i pledged for ill be happy, but someone needs to keep us updated good or bad news.
it's disappointing not to have had any recent updates on how the album is progressing.  five months have passed since the project was funded & no word about the album release date.
here's your answer everyone i asked him on instagram until i got a response he said signing thank you notes is "not quite as interesting". i encourage you all to make contact via social media and kickstarter.
i haven't gotten anything yet. no tshirt, no wristband, no digital download. i love steve grand and still support this cd, but i'm honestly pissed that none of the deadlines he set were met.
i'm really annoyed .. haven't received anything !! still waiting on my picture !! no update at all
i got a thank you note but still no album. i've been told he's too busy doing pride events to release the album. so, this sure seems like he has reneged on this kickstarter project
i have received my shirt as well, and i still have a vinyl record pending. i have faith he's working hard and will not let his fans down. i think his team was not equipped for the level of support he got and the amount of effort needed to distribute all the perks.
i just received my thank you not as well today. :d :d i can't wait for the album! :d
i was told that he was too busy doing pride events to release the album ? i' not sure of this means that he used the funds from this project to finance the pride events or what ? it's rally aggravating that no information is being provided. it seems like we've been scammed !
i've just received today the thank you note and i live abroad (france) !  can't wait to get the digital record :)
does anyone know how to report this project to the kickstarter staff? i've searched around but came up empty handed. while i can understand the delay in the creation of the album, the lack of updates is frustrating =/
this is ludicrous. it has been months since we made our pledges. we received nothing.
i got my shirt today, and i love it! it's gorgeous!! now i'm waiting for my digital download and my physical copy of the cd with the thank-you note.
haven't received anything to date for my pledge. a current update would be respectful.
yeah an update would be nice; it's been about a month since we've heard anything. i would like to know at least a tentative date rather than "later"
although i had never tried to help fund anything i took a chance because i am gay and a country music fan...and it seems a sucker...no album seems to be forthcoming...just excuses
when and how will we get digital download ?
from his may 16 email : "album progress: regarding the release date of the album, its going to be a little later than i initially anticipated (looking at late summer? but at this point it is still hard to say. i will keep you all updated as often as i can) " "late summer" so it could be july / august / beginning september.
any update ?
what is going on ? why is there no way to download the album we supposedly backed ??
how do we download the album ?
how do we download the digital album?
hi steve i've sent some messages but i need a medium for the shirt instead of a large. i haven't received any reply even through your website so i'm hoping that someone sees this and corrects it.
hey steve how are things coming along?
steve,  as a radio announcer, i have had the honor of interviewing the biggies... garth, reba, willie, etc., but i must honestly say i have never been more thrilled to meet someone than i was in finally meeting you at your concert. your humility, honesty and sense of humor are so refreshing. stay true to yourself, and use any obstacles that come your way during the crazy ride of celebrity as catalysts to make yourself a stronger individual. god has blessed you with many gifts, get out there and use them to the best of your ability... that's all anyone can ask. to use your own words... "thank you, thank you, thank you"... for letting us be a part of it!
steve , thank you for sharing this incredible human adventure with us !
i've never backed/funded something before. i'm really excited to see what you can do steve. i'm counting on you! ^.^
steve, great job!!!! the love is boiling over. keep the heat on!  jt
united we can all bring about change to others who are close to us through music!
steve, i hope you play the lottery with this end total numbers.  although it looks like you already won the lottery!
i am so pleased to be a very small part of a very big happy ending. well done steve, and i hope one day i will get to see you on tour in the uk. thanks for the humbling updates and to all fellow contributors who help forge dreams we can all share in. good luck for what will be a great album i am sure.
i was amazed last night as i was following the last few hours of the campaign (on fb and ks).  there was so much love and support from so many for both steve and each other.  as we build on this momentum the results will be "grand". :-)
wow steve.. 4 x the  amount needed!   i'm so happy for you, and so excited to be a part of this project!  can't wait the hear your songs on the radio !
so happy that this was successful and that i was able to contribute to help you fulfill a dream.  we love you steve. love rocks.
unbelievable!  so excited to be part of this movement!  now---go change the world, one song at a time!
way to go. we did our part. now be true to yourself that's all we ask. that is the steve grand we all fell in love with. you have changed the world with your bravery you speak for many of us your voice is our voice. your an american icon on you way to become an american treasure mark my words you have arrived in a "grand" way, your way on your terms. the best way to do it. you are a "rock star" much love & respect ks
congratulations on the third most successful kickstarter music campaign! i've been a huge fan since first hearing all-american boy last july, and i am so proud to be a backer of this project. you're an inspiration to us all. keep up the great work!
congrats steve! i am so proud to be one of the 4,905 supporters and i can't wait to hear the album!
congrats steve! can't wait to hear and see the album
what a great day! i'm proud of you and everyone who supported you! if cartwheels weren't so dangerous at my age i would do one for sure
my partner of 34 years (and legal husband of six weeks) and i together supported your kickstarter fund raiser for your first album.  we look forward to its release and acceptance by the general public.  here's to many more future recordings, steve.  congrats on an incredible first effort!
i am sure this album will be successful and i can't wait for the next one to come!!! with all my love
hi steve!  only discovered this campaign two days ago but i am so so so glad that i did!! me and my roommate listen to your songs over and over again, they are just so catchy and wonderful and my heart grows everytime i listen to them and watch the videos. i feel so happy because of what you are doing and what you are creating. i am so excited that your dream is coming true! hopefully i can make it over to america and can see you perform live! lots of love xo  claudia
congratulations steve!  keep being true to yourself and don't let success change you.  can you include the all american boy video on the album as a bonus track?  please!  looking forward to hearing it
congratulations steve and everyone in this grandfam! we made a big impact here and there is a ton more coming for the lgbt community because of what this album project is becoming. i cannot wait! =]
this was always yours. art is love. i am so glad you trusted in both.
congratulations to steve, and everyone involved with the album. i hope the successes just keep on coming. :)
thank you ask much steve. for wanting to be true to yourself and sing what u want to sing. u are a true inspiration, i look up to you a lot! keep it up and i can't wait for the album!
congrats, steve...fully funded & more !!
you did it steve!!! i am so glad to be part of this! wishing you much success in getting your new album together and out there for the world to listen and enjoy as we have!
congratulations! can't wait!
awesome!!
almost $20 "grand" in the final 3 hours.  congrats, steve, and the whole grandfam!
congratulations on a successful campaign, steve!
i saw the last 25 seconds and it was amazing!!!! wow!!!
congratulations!!!!!!
so proud of you steve, and so glad i remembered to get on here before it ended! you rock and enjoy every minute! xox
united we can accomplish just about anything and do our best to make the world a better place!
united we are stronger.  united we are one voice.  it is an honor having you speak in our behalf.  you have created a family, we are happy to be your kin.
i never imagined i would make a pledge for a country album.  a friend of mine directed me toward you when your single hit youtube, and i wasn't particularly enthused (before i heard you), regardless of your orientation.  i appreciate several country artists, but it's never been my soul's music.  but then...i ended up replaying your video countless times!  and i wish i could pledge more now than i have.  i'm just echoing everyone else's sentiments, i know, but you were born to change lives with your music.  i'm supremely honored to be a part of this.
steve grand we are helping you because we believe in you, we love you, we see something special in you. whether it is ourselves or our lives, we support you because you music encourages us and brings peace and joy. i personally love how i can connect to your beautiful lyrics and hope to someday meet you and give you a big hug. your grandfam loves you but i live you more lol xd.
united we can help change the minds of bigots one person at a time.
just sitting hear crying man, you and the #grandfam just amaze me in every way!!! you are going to go far young man, nothing can stop you now!!!!!! love you steve grand :-)
this is what we want, this is what america needs! we need a voice (and the good looks don't hurt either) that will sing how we feel! thank you for making music i don't have to change the lyrics of while i sing it! i can sing a song about the guy i like and a man who my heart is drawn to! thank you steve, we might not know each other, but i call you a friend!
this not only a trip of a life time for you but all of us.  thanks to your courage for standing out of the crowd and standing proud even if you have to ask for help. i mean that's what family is for to help.  now rock your heart out with love.
thank you for allowing me to be a part of your personal history and a part of history as a whole... the courage that it took for you to tell your story and without knowing it, my story and the story of millions more is truly an inspiration... steve, you will go down in our (lgbt) history as one of the front runners of the lgbt community with the likes of ellen, elton, those of stonewall and many others too numerous to list here, as a champion of our community... i can only hope that i speak for all of us when i say, you have our love and support... now go kick some ass...
united we can do anything!  steve you've done so much more than just make music.  good luck with everything...i don't know anyone who deserves it more!
steve you are new star to the world, but to me you are a hero and an inspiration. i will always support you, your music and your career! you are brave and inspire youth gay and straight to go for their dreams, i want to thank you for all you do and inspiring me to go for my dreams as well =)
congrats, steve. this is historic.., and so glad to be a small part of it... you're a hero.., and obviously loved by many. can't wait to see the harvest from all these seeds!!
as a gay man in the military i think i can say for sure, that you are my hero. everything you stand for is the reason i do what i do. i pledged and i'm so happy for you and all your dreams coming true. and it makes me so happy to know the impact your music will have. i wish you nothing but the best. -ben
i just wanted to say how proud i am to be able to support you. i heard all-american boy and saw the video the day after it came out and bought the song from your page. it's now the top played song on my ipod. keeping making music, and i'll help support you! and if you're ever in connecticut for a concert - or new england for that matter - i'll be there!
i just watched your video on facebook, i'm so glad to be a part of such a wonderful project, and i'm glad we reached your goal and surpassed it! you are such a wonderful guy! seeing you in tears of joy warmed my heart! you so deserve this!!! i can't wait to see you in concert! do well my friend!!!
united we can end bigotry and hate.
excited to see where he takes us in this new album and hopefully a show someday in iowa ;)
i can't speak for everyone else, but i can speak for myself. you have inspired me to be myself and follow my dreams. i enjoy writing music, just don't let me sing. maybe i can get you to sing one.. lol thank you for the push i needed..
so happy to see a project like this take flight.  best of luck in making your dreams come true and in spreading a message of love.
i first heard "all american boy" just a couple months right after i came out. to hear an artist who is breaking all boundaries of music and spoke to me personally in this difficult time is beyond refreshing. thank you steve for showing me through your music that being who i am is all i need.
united we can make the world know love is love.
united we can do anything.
united we can let the world know that we will no longer be invisible.
united we can spread our message of love and equality through the vehicle of your music.
i look forward to hearing about your journey as you complete the first of what i hope will be many albums.   congratulations on your success.
i backed just $1 for now but will raise it. just have a question first. for $5 you can get a personalized thank you note and for $15 an autographed 8x10. was wondering if there's any way to get an 8x10 personalized? there should have definitely been an amount to pledge for that. :)
united we can let the world know we are not second class citizens.
united we can show the world that we are all the same.
big thanks to the behind the scenes folks helping to fulfill all these requests! what a task!
united we are strong!
united we can open hearts, minds, and souls.
this album is going to be amazing!
united we can do anything when we help out are friends and loved ones . cant wait to see the album here is some more to keep the pledge going
united we can change the world, one mind at a time.........   so happy to be able to be a backer for this great project!
united we can achieve equality. we can show how great we are, how much we are worth, and the love we can bring to this world.
united we can overcome any obstacles on our way to freedom and equality.
united, we can help the lonely feel less alone.
you are awesome! it takes courage (and talent, of course) to take on such a project, and i am happy to support you. love your song and video. keep up the amazing work and know that it is very much appreciated.
i'm very glad to help support you and your project.  thank you for all that you do!
had to wait to get paid, but glad i could catch the tail end of this. ganbatte, sweetie!
united, there is no limit. every penny of my donation was worth it.  worth supporting a good singer with a huge heart, who clearly has no fear of new territory!  god bless!
united we can overcome the prejudices, stereotypes and misunderstandings of who we are and show that we are not that different from anyone else.  we want to live happy lives and have people in our lives who we can love and we can love in return.
united we can climb to a better future with egality and freedom. hope so much that people all over the world will see that we are all equal and that boys and girls, men and women don't have a reason to hide but rather be brave and proud to show the world who they are. love your songs and especially all american boy inspires me and makes me proud - again and again. best regards and hugs from germany.
upped my pledge. united we can have a voice which can inspire hope, unity and freedom for all...thru your incredibly real music, voice and message steve. thank you & best wishes for your continued success!
united we can have peace and a better future for our lgbt youth.
united we can help shape the future. a level of equality where you're judged on what you do, not who or what you are.
united we can make a better tomorrow for the lgbt youths who have yet to find themselves and hope that their struggles are lessened by the paths forged by those who have dealt with the injustices of the past.
united we can bring hope to those who are struggling, light to those whose minds and lives are shadowed, and comfort to those who feel alone.
united we can create a better future for lgbtiq youth.
i really enjoy your music, love all-american boy the single. i am so excited to disco et the album and so proud to get an old-school copy. big fan, all my love and support !
i loved your song and video "all-american boy".  i'm happy to support your effort to produce and publish an entire album.  i've been proudly and loudly pro-lgbt since my teen years in the mid seventies.
united we can hope to help bigotry minded people realize that homosexual, bisexual, and transgendered people are no "wrong"
united we can prove that we matter, that we mean more then anyone ever realized!
united we can so the world that music is amazing and can bring everyone together!
united we are #3 all-time best funded music project in kickstrater's history! congratulations to all and, especially, steve and his team!
united we cannot be beaten ! hopefully this extra 'kick' gives you an even better 'start'.
united we all stand with you steve. u r a amazing guy . love all your video's great to be part of this thanks for making it . no matter witch country we r.  we r with u always....
i upped my pledge too, because $10 more dollars is well worth it! shared the link on my facebook too :) "united we can be free"
upped my pledge united we can do anything we please!
united we can, and united we will. not even the sky is the limit to our success. raised pledge, because what is another $10 when it is for something dear to my heart and the hearts of many others. proud to be part of the grandfam!
i've never supported any artistic project like this, but i feel such a personal connection to your music that i am proud to be a part of helping fund your dream. i can't wait receive the album and know that i helped make it happen.
"united we can...lay the foundation for change for we can no longer afford to be silent.  we have the ability to have our voices heard, promote tolerance, and have a positive impact upon an artist and talent like steven grand.  this cause, allowing him the creative freedom to pursue his musical vision with honesty and integrity, is something we can all stand behind with pride.  he makes a positive difference in this world, and by supporting him, so do we...the grandfam."
united we can... beat records and prove that we love and accept everyone for who they are, regardless of gender, race, or sexual preference!
“united we can…instill tolerance in those who are too blind to see the good in everyone"
hey grandfam... only $3,463 away from being the third highest funded music project in kickstarter history... with 38 hours to go! forward to your friends and let's be heard loud and proud!! go steve go!
united we can show the world that love and inclusion conquers.
united we can change the world.
this is such and exciting time.    finally, we have a young, good-looking, talented man who is open and proud and is singing it all out loud.   i love it.  steve grand is the true roll model we need to all look up to.. especially the gay youth.   times are truly changing and the day will come (sooner rather than later) when a man can truly sing out loud about his love for another man... thank you steve for having the courage to stand up and be yourself.   you represent everything a gay man in this country should be... i cant wait to watch your life and career soar....
united we can be whatever we want, whoever we want, freely without all the hatred. #grandfam
united we can change the world with the power of music and love
upped my pledge. united we can educate the world.
united we can achieve whatever it is we ned to achieve
united we can make love rule the world! steve's project is within a bit over $6k away from ranking #3 of all music projects in kickstarter's history. all it would take is an additional $2 from everyone who already pledged to get this amazing effort to that goal. let's pitch in!
raised my pledge! united, we can grow wings to those who haven't got !
united we can stand together
upped my pledge united we can make our world a better place not only for its lgbt citizens but for all of mankind, including any minorities who have felt the pain of being "less than" as we have.
united we can we can do anything. we can change the world, help and assist each other. divided nothing really can be accomplished. i think that with out being united we will only repeat the mistakes we have made.
upped my pledge :) united we can show the world that embracing who you are should not include having to cower in fear and shame. #pridematters #noh8 #grandfam
united we can be unafraid, and be proud of who we are.
hope the extra 10 helps :) united, we can teach the world that love knows no boundaries. distance, time, age, gender, mean nothing when your heart is filled with the joy of sharing it with another.
upped my pledge by $10. united we can show that love will win out in the end because it is stronger than fear and hatred. <3
raised my pledge by $10. united we can spread peace and love!  i hope you're ready for you to skyrocket to fame!!
united we can shoot for the stars!
united we can move mountains!!
united we can make our voices heard all over the world!! :)!!
united we can be much stronger than we are standing alone.
united we can show that love is all that matters
oh well what the heck what's $25 dollars more . welcome to houston. when you can
3/22/2014 well couldn't resist . so increased my pledge $25. good luck steve . will look forward to concert maybe for pride houston . you will really know i believe some great supporters for your music and welcome you like we would love to .
united we can accomplish the impossible and make a difference.
united we can conquer ignorance and hate.
happy to add those extra $10 to my pledge. i'm so impressed with what everyone has pledged for steve.  it's amazing to see what can be done for people pushing the limits and doing things their own way. i can't wait! best of luck, steve x
united we can show the world that love is love, and that we also have beautiful stories to tell.
united we can rescue some values, like love, respect and faith in ourselves. also raised m pledge by 10,00. thank you steve for all the great work and inspiration ;) 3 days to go... uhuuuuu
i was thinking of increasing my pledge anyway and your update decided it for me.
united we can show the world that love has no boundaries.
united we can prove love knows no gender.
pledged today, so i put my 2 cents worth well $222.22 (guess my 2 key is repeating itself) and asking my list of friends to stand together with me, united we can propel forward positive change for all.
united we can do anything with family and friends  allways love
i raised my pledge. united we can create a positive change.
hey steve i just pledge a hundered more for you . you will be all over the radio soon can't wait . hope you come to alberta
united we can show others that love is love. raised my pledge $10. thank you, steve, for your inspiration and hope you have given us. you've helped me with your words and music more than you'll ever know. hope to see you in buffalo, ny soon!
raised pledge by $20. united we can make a major breakthrough in the way our story finally gets heard in the music business!
raised my pledge!  united we can celebrate the production of a record rooted in honest and heartfelt emotions that uplift us all
pledge raised!  i can't wait to hear this album!  united, we can be happy!  thanks steve!
steve, i started out pledging $50 on here, then went up to $70, now i am up to $80!!!! lets get this record made, i want to hear it!!!!!! :-)
raised my pledge!  united we all succeed in life!
steve, i am so excited to hear this album/cd. remember, mostly that you writing for alot of people but this is going to be grand for you. i know that these songs come the heart and the very essence of you.  congratulations on a very successful kickstarter campaign.  my hat is off to you and the best is yet to come.
raised my pledge by $10. steve i believe in you. love your music and love what you're doing to stay true to your message. and i'm celebrating because after 34 years together, i was finally able to legally marry my husband a couple of weeks ago. life is good!
united we can show the world what human rights truly mean. all human beings are equal and we all deserve a certain set of rights. its not who you love just that you do love.
as i said you will make triple your said amount. feels good to be right.
raised my pledge by $10. united we can show the world that is not important who you love, but the important thing is who you are and what you can do with your life.
raised my pledge by $10.  united we can tell people that they're not alone, that they are loved, and that they are wanted.
raised my pledge by $10. united we can tell people that they're not alone, that they are loved, and that they are wanted.
raised my pledge by $10. united we can show the world that good things come to those who go out and fu#king earn it and not wait for the good things to come to them. united we can show the world that we will not hide in shame anymore. united we can show the world that opening their eyes may be the most painful thing they will ever have to do but they can no longer live in the dark.
united we can change heats and make ourselves heard!
united we can make equality happen! i am honored to be able to support you in this project!! keep up the great work!!
raised my pledge by $10 because united we can, show the world that we are all one. and that love is love ! " and in the end, the love you take, is equal to the love you make! "
raised my pledge by $10   united we can live in a world where a guy isn't a "youtube sensation" just because he's singing to another guy.  thanks for all you're doing steve. i'm so pleased to be able to help. can't wait to hear the album and to see my smelly marker pic
united we can live free.
united we can change the world one song at a time especially steve grand songs :) upped 10 because i believe in you steve.
united we can spread the practices of love, acceptance, and tolerance.  united we can make sure that everyone is treated equally and is respected.  united we can!
up'd my plede by $10.00 as well.  i can't think of any better way to spend money than support someone like you steve. "united we can change hearts and minds even if its only one at a time!"
just raised my pledge $10. and i don't think there is anything to finish "united we can..."  i believe it is just best left "united we can".  and thanks to your wonderful grandfam, we have already shown the world that "united we did."  good luck, steve. we are all so proud to be a part of this.  keep telling our story.
united, we can.
united we can change the world. one in which everyone can be loved and accepted.
united we show that we are an economic force that will support each others dreams and well being.
united we can show each other that dreams can become reality!
united we can show others that they are not alone.
united, we can all agree, charges too much for baggage handling fees. (but seriously ladies and germs... we are only $10,000 away from pushing this album to the #4 most funded music project in kickstarter history!) with 4 days to go, let's do this! go steve, go!
united we can spread the message that with unity, and positive thinking that anything is possible, and that everyone deserves to live their dream no matter who they are.
united we can empower others to live their dreams
united we can make a difference
united we can make a difference and help our fellows on their way to equality!
united we stand in love and understanding!!!!
united we can tear down the walls of adversity and show the world the equality is a right for everyone!!
united we can overcome any challenge and unite for equal rights across the world!!
united we can spread the word faster and faster and push for equality for everyone everywhere in the world !
united we can build bridges to equality and acceptance. best of luck steve.
united we can make a difference, even in the face of adversity!!
united we can change the world.  nothing is impossible!
words cannot express how much this album and your songs mean to me. as a country girl that grew up in west tennessee, and later became an out & proud queer woman in miami, florida, these songs strike a chord that i just can't put into words. thank you. i'm a country-girl at heart, but i always felt a little left out when listening to my favorite artists like garth brooks, shania twain, or chris ledoux... but you're giving me back my love for country. i don't feel so out of place anymore. thank you.
okay, so apparently you can't ask for multiple rewards with one account :( so, i made a 2nd one...because i love getting drawings from other people, and getting a drawing from you would be amazing, and i love posters. i also realized that the kickstarter has my full name already and you probably don't look at payment information, so that works out. sorry if you're mad about the 2 accounts so i can get the 2 rewards...i just funded another band, though, and got a poster from them, so i wanted to continue that, especially since it's limited edition and you've been such a huge part in my journey, and art is one of the things that really makes me happy, and a drawing from you would just be amazing, no matter if it does look like a 4th grader's drawing or not. i had never thought of the concept of a gay male singer singing songs with different pronouns (he instead of she) until i saw stay for the first time. you blew my mind and seeing who you are as a person has blown it up even more, so i really wanted both of these rewards since you've been such a huge part of this journey. thank you, and keep making music, man.
hey steve, i used my dad's credit card to pay $100 for the poster deal, and $25 for the magic-marker drawing deal. i just hope you read this so you can address or sign the poster/note to nicholas (or nick) beck and not tyler beck!!!! and i'm assuming for the picture, i just e-mail you or tweet you a picture of me later, so i'll do that and hopefully you'll get it!
congratulations, steve, on a successful kickstarter campaign! looking forward to hearing all the awesome new music! and howdy neighbor, from a fan in plainfield, illinois!
ok, now i am a backer of this incredible project. i really appreciate steve's music and history. not only because i am also gay, but because i think there is a bigger role steve can play in the world. starting in usa. just pledge the 150 buck amount, expecting the best from him! hopefully i will be able to watch a show from steve grand here in brazil ^^ :d
despite what others may claim... i am your number 1 fan...lol. i stumbled across aab looking for some patriotic music on youtube search when it was around 20,000 views, and so glad i did. (imagine my surprise when a few days later, i'm getting ready for work and i see you on good morning, america) i pledged the $150 simply so i can have my name on the cd booklet so i can look back years from now when you are a megastar and prove to people..."see, i was there at the beginning of something wonderful! been there, done that and literally got the t-shirt(s)!" you, steve, are an inspiration to more people than you will ever know. looking forward to meeting you this saturday at acadiana pride. may god continue to bless you and all you do as you change lives of the lgbt community and the minds of those who are not.
hey steve way to go!!  can't wait to hear your new songs!!  best of luck!!   peter
just pledged $25  steve and so looking forward to your finished album.with already 3 great songs this is going to be no 1.:)
just pledged :) can't wait for the album and can't wait to see you in toronto for pride.
just up-ticked my pledge again, because you are dang sure worth it :)
how exciting to watch someone's dream become reality.  steve, never lose sight of why you did things this way and your music will always be exactly as you want it to be.  nothing will make those of us who truly enjoy it happier.  you're an incredible young man with incredible talent.  the sky is the limit!
thanks steve for coming out and telling ur story. pls come to atlanta,ga on ur tour? i met u at atl pride 2013 and had my pic made w u . u have a great story and a strong person.thank u.   much love :))))))
you are such an inspiration...can't wait to get to see you whenever you make it to new england!!! you shouldn't be surprised by this out pouring of support. when the music is meaningful, people want to hear more of it. $235k+ for the first album, $1 million for the next!
seems like i feel compelled to increase my pledge every time you make an update video. i guess it's because i am reminded what an amazing person you are, and what an awesome thing you are doing. all best wishes, and thank you, steve.
just increased my pledge to help lock you into that #5 slot.  looking forward to the album and seeing you live at milwaukee pridefest.
i absolutely love your current music you have out and can't wait for the album, personally i'm gay and it's just great to know that there are great, real love songs out there for me and they are things our community faces everyday especially all american boy, thank you steve
i absolutely love your current music you have out and can't wait for the album, personally i'm gay and it's just great to know that there are great, real love songs out there for me and they are things our community faces everyday especially all american boy, thank you steve
steve, i'm so proud to be a part of this album, and the movement it's become. i just want to say that if you are planning on touring, ohio would love to see you. especially columbus! can't wait to see what you have in store for us! you are an amazing young man and i can't wait to see how far we can take this project, and the projects in the future! much love from cambridge, oh! xoxo
this project will soon be funded triple. it's the talent we've all seen of course.  and now pressure in the extreme !  best wishes.
number 3333.....luckiest number! best wishes to ya!
i wish you would open up a pelage of $225.00 .. to get credit on the album and the poster. it's so hard for us queens to decide what we want, so let us get both. i will upgrade in a heart beat.
i'm so proud of you steve!!! keep up the good work brother.  keep reaching kids. keep loving.
it feels good to hear you especially with so much humility and gratitude. this is the key to the continued support you. please keep up the beautiful soul you have !     amazing (oulala) 209,055$. you so deserve all what's happening.      your very first fan from france
i am so proud to be a backer of steve grand! he is quickly becoming a role model for gay youths thru out the world. he is proving that they can do anything the want. i predict steve will top a quarter of a million dollars to produce and promote his first album.
it's great to be part of this kickstarter campaign and see how passionate people are about music.  traditional radio plays music from the big players and its incredibly difficult to hear smaller artits/indie artists.   word of mouth and hype will do wonders to spread your music. people should look to smaller radio stations near where they live that are more open to playing music from other artists that aren't backed by a major label.   in addition, people need to be open to transcending genre limitations and give music a chance before dismissing it because its pegged in a genre they typically don't like.  that i am taking to heart as i usually don't enjoy listening to country music. however, when i read an article about up and coming country music stars and the song all-american boy was mentioned, i went out to give it a listen because i wanted to support a brave artist fighting on two fronts; 1) trying to break into the music scene through non-traditional routes as well as 2) supporting an openly gay artists trying to break into a music scene that is seen as traditionally non-equality minded.   i've shared the youtube link to all-american boy with a number of friends and they have all liked the song a great deal.  i'm going to continue to spread the word as much as i can to let people hear your songs when they might otherwise miss out.
hi steve, this is a super inspiring project! i am a fellow kickstarter creator and just had to support this way of bringing not only art, but art with true meaning into the world in a big way! i came to kickstarter so that i would not have to compromise on my designs. it is personally inspiring to see you coming to kickstarter so that you do not have to compromise on your message or your values! this is the true american dream!! thank you!
hi do you plan to release your music through the pono music store so we can hear all of your music at top quality instead of itunes compressed sound files?
steve just stay grounded and be that handsome midwest guy . you amaze me with your songs . you're doing a great job with the human rights campaign . to relax i listen to back to california which i love by the way. stay and all american boy. keep up the good work and i watched you on larry king awesome ! i like you had a great relation ship with my grand mother . can't wait to you come to nyc  your number one fan from new york ! safe trip back to california. :)
we have raised $177,000, double the goal, and the only one update?  would love to see more shared back with the backers.  hope some surprises are in store.  some extra rewards would be great to continue building on the momentum.  and please give us some more updates!!!!!
any chance of you doing add ons for extra cds tshirts photos etc.  i think i might need an extra cd for someone. and if you sell those naughty pics of yourself you will clean up. do this reply in a update so you don't have to repeat yourself.  if you even see this.
steve, superb music videos on youtube. i'm looking forward to your first album. best greetings from poland and good luck.
way to go steve, make your dreams come true and our lives better with your amazing talent and music.. you are an inspiration to us all
steve, your music has truly touched me and i am so happy to help you get your message out! your stories are shared by many in the lgbt community. i know you don't like to put a genre on your music, but i  grew up with and love country music. if you ever sing at the grand ol opry, i will be in the crowd cheering for you! god bless!
i love your music and  am glad i could use my birthday money to help you out.
have really enjoyed what you've been doing since last summer, so happy and proud to be able to contribute to this next step. good luck with everything, and don't forget you have fans in the uk if time and money come together for an appearance over here.
good luck!
steve you're so adorable, genuine, lovable, alive... you're younger than i am but i still look up to you. upper michigan guy to a midwest guy, i fully support you, we need more people like you in the community to show others it's okay to be gay, who you are.  it makes my eyes well with tears knowing that there will be young people like you and i once were who will be saved from suicide or worse because of your music.  wish i could meet you in person someday, you're an inspirational man.  looking forward to my smelly marker drawing, going to frame it so i can look back and say yeah i helped in a small way this amazing guy move a mountain.
oups !  sory  "you're a gift for us"
i've told you, you get enough to make a double album !  you're a gift for you ! so proud.
wow steve... super happy that this is going so well! maybe you might even step outside the usa... i have cooked for a few presidents... but cooking for you might just overshadow any of that... i cook, you play... or no wait... maybe when the album is out you will need a holiday! so i cook. xo
i am most honored to join the ranks of so many who are supporting you in your pursuit to fulfill your dream of producing your first album. you are an amazing young man that is so talented and a wonderful role model to so many.....you are a beautiful person and this is just the beginning of an incredible journey for you.....i wish you well....
good luck steve . i will look forward to hearing the amazing songs that you will do the album with . i watches the interview with larry king . you were so well spoken and articulate . kudos to you . maybe raise enough to do a second album and give the record labels a run for thier money .
be safe damien! congrats on a great response steve!
hey laura! if this is like all the other kickstarter campaigns that i have backed they will most likely give us that information once the campaign has ended! i think steve's hand is going to be cramped by all that drawing!
hey  this is amazing!  proud of you steve. love all your music.  :)  donated $25 for the smelly marker pic but where do i send it to him?? its a gift for my best friend. i wanted to add a picture of him.
thank you.  every once in a while it's nice to listen to music or watch a music video i can relate to.  best of luck to you!
150% of the goal in just 3 days. wow! im so excited for this.
out here in afghanistan fighting this war and listening to your music helps me get through the days!!!
come do a show in nashville, tn!
thank you steve for being an equal with something that i have always and continue to have a mental issue with.......being gay. life isn't easy when you don't fit society idea of "normal", when i get into one of my darker moments i tend to listen to your music to remind myself that i can be me and it is alright to be. i hope i get a good tax return so i can make a higher pledge to meet you.....kind of one of my major wishes of 2014. keep pushing on and making music bro, you keep a lot of us going. -erik
you're the real deal, steve, a very talented singer/ songwriter that i'm thrilled to support in this way!  it's very exciting what you are doing and the positive affirming message you are sending through your music and videos and the light you're giving to the world.  this is a fantastic idea to keep your artistic integrity, big congrats!
thanks for taking an amazing stand. i like that you also have not designated yourself as a country singer, since clearly you are just a singer and sound nothing like country. i hope that your goal of $81,000 (which you reached in less than 17 hours) sextuplets (see what i did there) by march 30th! congratulations!
steve, in view of speed of the counter, you could make a second album ! " all french girls and boys" are waiting for you in france. congrats !
i am so proud of the clear gay message you are sending through your music and happy to support your kickstarter effort on your first (of many) album.
it is great from our perspective as well to be a part of your success.
soooo excited to be apart of such an amazing journey for you.  love & respect to you !!
i am happy to contribute to your album, wish you great success! hope to see you some day on tour in toronto! greetings from an "all swisscanadian boy"
really pleased to help from the uk. good luck with the project!
happy to help you, steve!
half of million dollars, here we come!!!
i will certainly help you promote any tour you do in the uk. being a pro-photographer i can offer you my services for free if in the uk or europe. (www.thomashaywood.com) i am so happy you got to your goal so quick. let's help you get further than you ever dreamed!
so happy you have surpassed your goal in less than a day. hopefully with the extra money it will help you promote in the uk as well. i relate a lot to what you sing and i will always be a fan, so when you're big and successful, i expect a tour in the uk! can't wait to see where the future is headed for you
congrats steve! on passing the goal! i saw your video be4 it went on the news and omg i was astonished on your music and lyrics.. :3  it does relate to me in a way and to others and it broke me to tear.. :3 i hope your success sky rockets even more as of now :3
since your youtube video all american boy, i am hooked !! there are so few singers "out" in music industry that i had to back you ! keep it up ;)
steve, the first time i saw your video on youtube, i immediately went and purchased your all american boy song. what you are doing for out culture, has not been done. push forward. know we have your back, and that you are making this world a better place to raise our children.  this hetro mom and her entire family are one of millions that will help push you forward. ❤️
steve, just love the 3 tracks so far. certainly hope you get coverage in the uk where i am sure we will all take you to our hearts as a few of us already have. wish you all the best. colin.
steve....my boyfriend and i love your music!!! so happy to see you getting your album together and off the ground. wish you the best of luck!...any way we can select a 2nd option for donating money if we have already donated in another pledge option? thanks.
damn it for not having five grand to give away! oh well, i found my all american boy at your age and married him this year after fifteen years, so i'm already rich. i wish you the best and we hope to meet you someday. keep it real!! #davendavid
also...very proud of you. love you to the moon and stars and back...as my 3 year old charlie tell me ;-)
steve...how would i go about making another pledge of $25 ? i want your drawing of me and a hard copy cd.  is there a way i can do this?
i'm glad to see that you met your goal, and i'm curious to see how much you'll actually manage to raise within the next 30 days.   never doubt that there is indeed a market for the kind of music that you make (the fact that you reached your goal in less than a day should attest to that.)   i wish you a long and successful career.
i absolutely love your music and think its shattering stereotypes. i even have my straight fraternity brothers listening to some of your songs. keep up the amazing work, can't wait to hear this album!!!
cant wait to hear the album. happy to be a backer:)
steve i've been following you since you first released your video on youtube! coming from texas you have no idea how powerful your message is! it meant so much to me that i actually cried as everything came back to me of growing up there and how i had to hide myself. i am so glad you're being true to yourself and for us. hopefully you will tour europe soon if you do please let me know as i will definitely buy tickets for myself and all my friends for your show!
i had to pledge some money as your songs have real meaning for me and i love then. i hope this reaches more than just the states! all the best, 'will hope from scotland'
i had to contribute. i owe you way more than the $2 from itunes. cannot wait for the full album and new great videos.
i love your music and you are an inspiration. i admire everything you've accomplished and all that is ahead of you. god bless, steve!
so amazing! we got your back!  looks like you are quite loved! one day and the goal is met!!!!
wow! great job #grandfam! amazing how it was set for a month and in a day you reached your goal, great man, just great!
i've watched this all day! over $85,000 in one day and still going! that's amazing!
i knew with all of the #grandfam at your side, that we would get you to your goal before the day ended!!! we love you so much man, here is to an awesome cd, and more great music and videos along the way!!!! :-)
woohoo!!!  we did it. been watching all day!  congrats steve!  can't wait. #grandfamunited
congratulations steve !  i'm so happy and excited for you.  i've been watching the funding all day and it was thrilling watching you meet your goal in less than 24 hours.   can't wait for the album.
well done steve... and thanks to everybody who made this happen... roll on may. now get some rest ok! xo
my friend and i are in complete shock! we have been watching this like a football game. so excited for you steve!!!
you were hoping to accomplish this in 1 month... less then 24 hours! this is amazing man. so happy for you and for the world who will now be privileged enough to hear so much more of your music. this has been incredibly exciting and i am so happy i was able to contribute.
that was a crazy donation moment. it went from 79,000-84,000 in a matter of seconds. that's awesome! congrats steve!
that's so cool! congratulations and best wishes!
wow we did it!!!!!!!! i'm so glad!!!!!
i have never been a fan of ones music the way i am a fan of  steve grand. the minute i heard this guys voice, it was pure magic. it's people like him that makes living for people like me become better and better as the days go by. please continue to do what you're doing and you will go far.
i an so happy to help get this album funded and distributed. i have played melissa ethridge, elton john, adam lambert and kd lang on the radio now i want to be able to play steve grand!
i've followed your music since all-american boy and hell i'll follow you til you decide to retire. your music means so much to me as a man who is in love with another man and as a human being which we all are. thank you for all that you've done and thank you for being strong for everyone that has needed your music!
steve, this culture needs you and your music. what you are doing goes so far beyond your awe-some voice. your work helps everyone view lgbtq people as normal rather than what they have thought for decades past.  thank you. thank you. thank you. i wish i could afford to contribute more.
great interview steve. can't wait to see grandma k on your next cd cover art. all the best. you deserve it.
steve, i wish you all the best on this new album!  being independent means you can record the music you believe in.  i look forward to your work.  i do love the song "it will rain".  the words are beautiful!
i wonder how artistic he is drawing in smelly markers? haha  ... that option made me laugh so hard i might switch my pledge just to find out!
congratulations.  a wonderful interview on larry king and an amazing amount of progress with this campaign.  many blessings and stay true to your work and your beliefs!  i can only wait to see how successful you are in years ahead!
hi, steve.  all i can say is that with people like you in the world, the future certainly looks brighter.  your music has touched so many people.  thank you for sharing that special, beautiful part of yourself with us.  and you are definitely in my prayers for continued success, much happiness, and days filled with love.
i'm happy and proud to support you, steve. you're not only a talented singer and songwriter, but you're kind and thoughtful. stay true to yourself and you will go far.
it's pretty evident we like you, young man.  make us proud, spend it wisely and  i don't think anyone would mine if you bought a new pair of shoes. you earned it.
such and amazing talent. i love the heart and soul you put into your songs. i am happy to donate and help you give your gift to the world. we need more music with heart.
i'm so happy to have given money to your kickstarter, steve. i've been a fan since day 1 when my friend sent me a link to the all-american boy youtube video, and it's been amazing to see you become more famous. your songs really speak to me, and in addition to that your music is amazing, as is your voice. i can't wait to get your new album- i'm sure it's going to be amazing! i'm so happy to have contributed to something so great. best of luck, and remember your number one fan (me) will always support you. <3
absolutely fantastic work, steve. it really speaks to me, and i look forward to hearing your new album! i'm so glad i could be a part of making your dreams come true as well as contributing to an amazing artist. keep up the good work, and your fans will always be here to have your back.
steve - i bet your sitting there trying to comprehend what has happened for you in just one day.  this just shows you how much you mean to all of us and you are worth every penny that is donated....85% complete and still counting...looking forward to the full album.
you are so talented. i wanted to let you know if you do not know already that you are featured on the news website huffingtonpost.com. i found you on there while reading articles. i am so glad that i was able to contribute to this campaign. can't wait to hear more! -alex
steve, you are one amazing talent. you have the power to touch people's heart and i find it challenging not to connect. you have my support and love.
i keep listening to you new song steve and it's amazing! i immediately got a hold of my best friend from high school, whom i'm still great friends. it made me cry a little because we had not talked in a while. i feel so proud to be part of this movement to get you your first album out there! it's amazing that in only a day, you may just get the money for it! love from kansas!
so proud of you.  btw...thanks for flying southwest...i'm a flight attendant based in chicago and hope to see you on one if my flights. i live in milwaukee with my husband and our two beautiful kids. get that direction...give us a shout...lol. again...really proud and excited for you slugger.
keep putting your positivity and warm spirit out there for all of us. things are getting better and i believe your music is a part of it. way to go, steve. thank you!
i can't believe it's so close in just one day. i'm so proud to be apart of this!!! and i'm excited for the album steve :))
we are almost there. we will get this!
absolutely fantastic progress thus far. a true testament to your talent, passion, drive, and rare ability to truly touch people at their core. kudos! i look forward to a fantastic ride of you doing what you love, and feel privileged to be a part of something remarkable.
i can't believe it's already so close to the goal in just one day... way to go everyone! can't wait for the album!
look! look! almost there in one day!
so excited for this album!! pleasure to have met you in chicago!! can't wait
so proud to have someone from lemont do something so huge! i don't know you personally, but keep up the good work, steve! i can't wait to hear the album :)
so glad i was able to help such a talented guy realize his dream.  on the selfish side, we will all benefit from the finished product.  you will have this funded by morning!
you are incredibly talented - and, ok, incredibly adorable, and i wish i could do more.  keep on doing your thing - you are a joy, an inspiration and role model for so many.  you are an overwhelming success just being you.  go get em!
wish i could have donated more, but being a medical student doesn't pay very well unfortunately haha. love your music, and it's helped me in more ways than you know. thanks again.
i am  glad to be just a small part of it. thank you  for  being you.
happy to support! can't wait to attend a concert!
going up towards 60,000 don't think there's any doubt that album is going to be made...and on your terms and by your vision.  very proud of what you are doing and the example you give young people everywhere!
wish i could have afforded to give more. my 11 year-old son insisted that we contribute at the $15  level because he wants your picture -- he thinks we should put your picture on our mantle -- next to edie windsor. (i hope you realize what a big compliment that is from my little guy.)
you absolutely have my support. i wish i could give more...good luck with the album!!
of course you get my support! you must have an lp to play from when you go on world tour to stockholm! ;-)
so proud of you, buddy!  the sky is the limit!!!
wow steve. i'm sure you will get $81,000 by the end of the day!!!!!
i'm not surprised how well your doing . it's a great birthday eve 4 you . i'm so happy your doing it your way 31000 to go :)
you're well over halfway there on your first day. i have a suspicion you might meet your goal. that should say something to you and i suspect you know that already. best of luck steve.
can't wait to hear the whole album!!!
loving you and your music from the uk xx
listening to your music has really changed my life. your music has helped me gather to courage to finally come out to my family and friends. and now, everyone around me enjoys listen to your music. thank you very much, and i can't wait to listen to the full album.
new goal: get the project completed funded by the end of the day. i believe we can do it!
love your music :)
very glad to be a part of this steve. i am excited for you to get your songs out there and excited for us fans to hear it.
i've really enjoyed your work and can't wait until the album comes out. i have a feeling you'll reach your goal very quickly. all the best and keep up the wonderful great work that you do.
55% funded.  can you believe it?  in less than a day.
i really hope you make it and glad i'm one of the people that help it halfway mark! you're almost there man and i know you will make it! good luck with the album!
keep moving forward!  best from ga.
over half way there!!!!
you're gonna make it!! great job!!
your voice is amazing!!! backer from stockholm sweden
i am glad i could help make your dream come true. looking forward to the album. you are so talented. glad to be a part of this from the start.
love your music. was going to stop at 50 but decided to empty my bank account and give 150. look forward to your future success! #collegekidproblems
this will fund!!!!  steve, i am here to help make sure it happens.  when it gets close to 2:00 am, march 30th, we will all be cheering.  your music is awesome, i always follow your tweets, and i want to see this album come to fruition.  $46,239 left as i type this.  i am confident there will be no problem.  will continue to increase my backing for the next month until we get to the $81k.  we are all doing this for you. michael
you're a great inspiration steve.  your voice is amazing, and your passion is unwavering.  keep up the great work!  it's an honor to support you in keeping the message true.  looking forward to the album.  we're all taking to social media to spread the word!  #grandfam
respect steve. well on your way there. we are coming atya from all over. as always, my hopes for you are what my hopes are for all. to enjoy love wherever you may find it without the judgement from any other. your passion is infectious and i am humbled by your commitment. as it has been said before, it is a true honour to support you and i am grateful in the manner you have chosen to include us in your adventure. and yes it is true that many find you a fine looking man... but it is your bright spirit within that draws us near! here is to you!
i can't wait!! huge fan!!
it will be a honor to back you can't wit for the cd
it will be a honor to back you can't wit for the cd
i'll spread the word here in brazil to help you...hope to see a concert of yours here in my city (sp)
can not wait for this album.  congrats and love from nc!
lets do this! - love from ak
steve. it is great to see all the backing coming in already.  i have been a huge fan since i first saw the video played at charlie's in chicago.  then seeing you perform at pride was amazing. keep up the wonderful work. looking forward to having a full collection of your works.
half an hour ago it was just $21,000 and now it's $26,000. it's rising so fast, i'm so excited
this is awesome steve, not conforming to the normal record labels.  i am proud to say that i am a backer from indiana...  i am glad to say that you are our "all-american boy" and we are proud of you for it.  keep up the good work as you go further in your career.  i hope to get to see you in concert sometime soon.  you are going to hit your goal quickly...  love ya sir.
dearest steve, first of all, many thanks for reaching out to us! like all the other #grandfam, i'm very proud to be a part of your campaign despite the fact that i can't pledge too much still.. apologies for that.. but trust me when i say this, i'll support you the best i could! :) you've truly touched our hearts, so we're forever grateful to you too! i do hope that 1 day will come when you'll tour to my country as well or somewhere nearby where i could afford to attend.. ;-) anyways, all the best with your campaign which i'm sure you'll succeed in no time considering you're already 1/4 way there now in just mere hours! :d cheers & much <3 from indonesia!
go, steve! now it's our turn to show you who our "all-american boy" is! i can't begin to thank you for how much you've helped me since july 2, 2013. meeting you at atlanta pride on october 12, 2013, confirmed that you are who you say you are. as i sit here typing this, i see you're closing in on $23,000 in pledges. we've got you, mista! love you!!!
backed ya from the uk! looks like you'll have your goal smashed soon! but please, no more drawings of men in bunny suits on instagram! #thingsofnightmares x
hey steve, how do i send you a picture to draw of me? (lol)
25% woot! hey steve... do you think it would be possible to get the tabs for your songs? i am learning to play the 4 string  bass and would love to be able to play along with your songs!  =)
love and respect from taiwan. thanks for making these great songs and music videos, and there is no doubt that you will have a bright future! you are always the best. ;) really looking forward to those new songs!!
love you, and love what you said about believing that expressions of love in art can't be trumped by a damn pronoun. amen! to tasia hooper: if you see this, know i am so very sorry for your devastating loss. it sounds like you're doing a beautiful job of keeping your child's spirit alive by sharing her courageous story.
hooray! steve, i gave at a higher level, but all i want is the smelly marker picture. that sounds awesome!
congratulation steve!!! i can't wait to listen the album... greetings from dominican republic :)!. you're awesome
let's go for it and raise this money all on day one for steve!
you got this dude!
great job steve!  i look forward to the album in may.  i am excited to see you perform it live once completed. glad i could help.
hi, go for it steve!  love the music, love the message and am *really* looking forward to the album! respect! adam
hi steve, i wanted to express to you how much i respect you and what you are doing. i have pledged something and hope you will reach you goal. thank you and btw loved all the videos.  miguel
hi steve! i already knew i was going to back this project without needing to see your video, but i watched it anyway! as i watched it, you went from 86 backers to now 120 within a matter of a few minutes. it's still increasing as i type this. way to go
steve, love your music and your message.  thank you for being true to yourself and wonderful role model for the glbt*q community. i lost my "son"  in november 2013 to a drunk driver.  he, rather, she was just coming into who she really was - struggled with coming out to their real parents then accepting that they were a transgender individual.  she was able to see you live in concert during atlanta pride 2013 and loved the performance.  her mantra after coming out, fighting for acceptance in the south, and becoming the beautiful woman she was is "forward ever". my prayer is she will be your guardian angel for this project and it will take off like a rocket!!!!!  steve grand - forward ever!!! much love member of the glbt*q community mom to all who need one #starsonmyheart #forwardever
well, of course :-)
