till now there is no one replying my email
hello iblazr² team, i have yet to receive my reward (3 x iblazr2). is there a way to check and confirm this. i definitely have the two charging cables and the dslr mount i purchased after the campaign ended but never received the 3 lights from the campaign itself. just the other day i was thinking dang i can't get the shot, its too dark.. and remembered that i never received these tools. thank you,  ryan
my iblazr2 is not working, unable to turn on  can anyone help me out?
hello iblazr team, months after months! promises after promises! i still have not receive an email or the pledge from you guys! wtf! at this moment, i just want my money back!
hi guys, apologies for a late response. you can always reach us immediately at support@concepter.co @marcus woysch   please check your email.  @ kurniawan  may we kindly ask you to shoot a small video regarding your issue - attempts to charge, turn on pressing the button at least for 6 sec-in a min after plugging the charger, and use your iblazr. please upload to https://sendvid.com/ and share the link. please answer this message (with the link on the video) on support@concepter.co.
hi iblazr team, i kind of had the same issues as ker. never received my reward and was wandering what happened?! could you please clarify? thanks!
hi iblazr  my iblazr 2 won't charge... so how i claim warranty
@ker please check your emailbox. @len chen @victor chan guys, apologies for an inconveniences. please expect soon, the parcels is already on the way.
hello. i was having major issues with logging into kickstarter.  as a result i never received any mailings or notices.
hello there! i still haven't received the email you promise to send me, not to say the tracking code or the iblazr. what is going on?
hi @iblazr lab, one month passed since you told me still need wait for one or two weeks. are there any problem still need to solve ?  can you provide the tracking no for now ? i had wrote many mail but still got no response. :(
@zhi apologies again for taking to long with your issue, please let us know when you`ll receive your replacement answering on our message feed on support@concepter.co @dash please contact us via support@concepter.co and clarify the problem (steps, and what is not working), this way we`ll receive your message instantly.
dear iblazr team, my iblazr wont charge... please help.
i sent the upload video on march 1st to support@concepter.co, today is march 11, i m still waiting for the respond.
@milk chung please check your emailbox.
to whom it may concern, i have placed my pledge via kickstarer,and still did not receive my iblazr,please kindly email me at maxchiu.mc@gmail.com or canischeung12@yahoo.com.hk thank you for your your kind attention. best regards,  ms.chung
@suky so, @jackson: we are happy to hear that! and we do apologies for the late delivery. @ richard robertson: we are sorry for bad communication in your case. we constantly working on improving our support issues, and hope that you will never get a negative experience with our products.
hello, today i receive my iblazr2 .i like it. thank you very much.
received my package this morning, very nice, i like it, thanks!
i just received my iblazrs.  i don't mind waiting, but the poor communication was unacceptable.  i had begun to feel ripped off.  anyway, other than the lack of responses for an extended time, i'm quite happy that they've arrived.  the production team did a fine job.
@xiaofeng tang, victor chan, jacson du   please expect a direct message within 12 hours. @eric bergman you have already contacted us via support@concepter.co, we have answered you ( jan 09 02:00), but never received an answer from you. please check your email, we created a follow-up on our previous message.
please reply my message or email! i don't have my tracking number and i can't access your tracking system.
please provide me the tracking number as i didn't receive my package so far, thanks.
i did not receive my pledge either. i tried contacting. the delivery company but never got a response. please resend.
i have not received my iblazr yet. can you provide the tracking number asap?
@david, returned from overseas means you didn't pickup your reward while it had been stored at the local post facility. regarding the mentioning in the usps system, singapore post packages are not traceable there.  we will help you by sending the package once again. contact us at support@concepter.co @formmaker, we are now gathering information regarding those backers who didn't receive the package with the iblazr 2, so please, contact us at support@concepter.co
package "returned from overseas" and my tracking number never showed up in the usps system. what gives?
i have also checked my post office, nothing there i'm afraid.
if possible, i can try giving you another address to send it to. thanks for your response.
hi i still haven't received my order. please check.
@zhi, hi, please hard-reset the unit by pressing the button for 6 sec, then turn on and try again. in case of any issue/question/problem please contact support@concepter.co - this way we will receive your message instantly.
hi, the iblazr 2 broke after the first time use. only two led light up. what should i do?
where is my tracking no !? where is my tracking no !? where is my tracking no !? where is my tracking no !? i have send many email to your service mailbox and just get the info: pls wait !! 1 month i had been waited. and, when can i get my tracking no ?! pls !!! i have been asked so many times, do not ignore my question please !!!
@yung-yi tsou, according to a kickstarter backer info, you filled the survey in the 29 of december when all the backer parcels was already shipped month ago from that date (we asked to fill the survey till 15 of september), so you even weren't in the list of shipping. we will send a parcel from day to day. confirm your address and provide a telephone number : phone: name:  country:  province:  city:  street:  zip: to answer this message please use support@iblazr.com thanks
still not receive my package, and could not check my tracking number, please assist, thanks.
still not receive my package, and could not check my tracking number, please assist, thanks.
why do not you answer my question? why do not you answer my question? why do not you answer my question? why do not you answer my question? why do not you answer my question? where is my iblazr? where is my iblazr? where is my iblazr? where is my iblazr? where is my iblazr?
hi jeff, your refund is issued, you will see it in the bank account in 2-3 business days. oleg
oleg, vlad there is nothing at the post offic or anywhere. issue my refund or i will start a class action lawsuit.
who would be interested in a class action lawsuit? i have never received this product, and as most of us know our requests go unanswered. issue a refund.
i want my refund for the product that was never received.
may i ask you to look up my backer status as i've not received the product as of yet.
jeff, calm down please. 98% of our backers have already received their order. and we have answered your messages, so don`t blame us in no answering. furthermore, we left an email for such issues almost a ten times or more in different updates - we asked please contact support@iblazr.com , this way your messages will reach us first. but you never did. i will let myself duplicate the message we sent you - `according to your tracking number (rf358284689sg http://www.singpost.comt/) the parcel was already in us at 11-21-2015. may we ask you to check the availability of your parcel at your local postal service office? probably the parcel has stucked in the customs or your local service experiencing problems to deliver your parcel to you personally (rarely, but this happens). please let us know the result. if the parcel is not there - we will send a new one.`       --- unfortunately, yes, this happens and no one can check it for you. again, as i said, if there is no parcel for you - we will send a new one or provide a refund as you asked for. unfortunately, now we cannot change the fact that the parcel could be lost or stolen, but we kindly ask you to check the availability on your local postal service and let us know (again - it would be very kind of you, if you would use support@iblazr.com so i will notice your message instantly).thank you. sasha (support team) ps: iblazr 2 obviously works with iphone 6,6plus, 6s. how could you know if you never received a flash? if something is not working, not pairing, ect - guys, again, please! contact support@iblazr.com , we`ll provide a detailed instructions to get things well. in case if unit is defective - we always provide a replacement or refund. the same if you didn`t received a flash.
vlad - oleg - where is my refund or reply to my many messages requesting a refund! what a scam. kickstarter - please do something about this fraudulent company. i have never received what i paid for nor have i ever received a 'tracking' number. i want my money back.
hello, i didn't receive my iblazr for a long long long time! and i have sent twice email to ask my tracking number. the first you said it already sent in china. and second time you didn't reply my email. now ,where my iblazr? what is my tracking number?  my kickstarter :spooktak@hotmail.com
attention anyone thinking about this product: do not buy it. most likely you will not receive your order (like me) and then they will ignore your repeated requests for a refund of a product you did not received. (and from what i understand it does not work with the new iphone 6s or 6splus.  do not buy!!!!!!! refund my money oleg!
oleg,  i don't mind delays, but i haven't heard anything back from my messages here, or emails.  please, let me know that i will get my iblazrs or a refund.  thanks.
where is my tracking no !? i have send many email to your service mailbox and just get the info: pls wait !! 1 month i had been waited. and, when can i get my tracking no ?! pls !!!
where is my   iblazr?
why won't you refund my money!?!? i have never received anything and these do not work with iphone 6s .  refund my money.
hey guys. i would like to start off by saying well done and congratulations on a fantastic product. i have been using mine on and off for a few weeks now and really enjoy the ease of use and novelty of the unit. i was at a t20 cricket match at the sydney cricket ground on the weekend and took a few photos of my son with some international cricketers. one questioned what it was. when i told him it was a flash unit linked via bluetooth to my phone, he said "genius!". i look forward to seeing your next product!
@jack, jia fan, hsdresden please check your private messages. @bruno - it means that the package was keeping by your local post for a month, and it had never been picked up by the customer and returned back to the shipper. @bryan, here is your tracking code - rf358484053sg, as far as we see, the shipping company tried for a couple of times to deliver the parcel to your address, and both failed. then it was kept by a local hk post for about a month and sent back.
hope you respect your promise, even if your product is great, but your customer service is really bad!it will lose all interest in you!
希望你尊重你的承诺，就算你的产品很棒，但你们客服真的很烂！这将失去所有人对你们的兴趣！
i also  couldn't find my package tracking number? where is my iblazr?
returned from overseas. whats going on?! i want my iblazr
tracking number: rf358291631sg
where's my iblazr... ¿? i need a tracking number
may i please get a refund? this was suppose to by a xmas present...
this is ridiculous! there is no trace of my order, and there are no replies to my last two emails from one month ago. so just find my order, or give my money back!!!
i need you to give me the answer!very angry! i have never received your formal reply. your request (1614) has been received and is being reviewed by our support staff. to add additional comments, reply to this email. your request (1821) has been received and is being reviewed by our support staff. to add additional comments, reply to this email.
hi jeff, we are receiving your requests, please be patient, we will get back to you as soon as possible. we were fully booked at xmas, so needed to take more time to answer all of you.  we again apologize for the inconveniences! oleg
oleg reply to the customers that you have cheated.
why don't you reply? did you steal our money?
i want my money back, i have sent many messages and you do not reply. i want my money back.
can anyone know that the battery level shows in the apps can reach 100%? i hv tried few rounds of charging, each time it reachs 90% and the charging seems to be stopped alr.
will i ever receive any help finding this supposing item that shipped in november or does your team plan to just keep my money and steal from other people. 2 months i been asking you people to send the product and nothing. absolutely nothing has been done to find out whether it shipped.
hey guys, sorry for being late with the answers, will be ready to close all questions within the next week. so much request into support mailbox. thanks for understanding! oleg
my unit cannot be fully charged even after 6 hours of charging. please advise. thank you.
i received my replacement unit. the packaging is very good now. just like it was bought at the shops. for others still waiting i highly recommend that you get in touch with the owners directly instead of i'm the comments section. great product!
i never got my iblazr, need help
still didn't get my iblazr2, and i can't find my tracking number on your website.
i didn't get my package, and i don't know my tracking number
i still didn't get my iblazr.  and i've already sent email to your support email, and didn't get a replay. so can somebody tell me what's going on?
i have not received my reward.  i've contacted you through ks (dec. 1) and email (dec 25).  i received an automated response:  "your request (1779) has been received and is being reviewed by our support staff. to add additional comments, reply to this email." but no response from a human, yet.  your last direct communication stated it should have been shipped in september.  i hope there will be a response, and my reward, now that the holidays are over.
the way you kept people waiting without following information is disappointing and somehow desperate. it is an new year and i hope the messing up is over.
i understand that you may have a holiday, but my first response was issued on dec 17th, for i am very dissatisfied with your attitude.has your website mail tracking function does not work!
i have never received your formal reply. your request (1614) has been received and is being reviewed by our support staff. to add additional comments, reply to this email. your request (1821) has been received and is being reviewed by our support staff. to add additional comments, reply to this email.
got it! thank you.
i received, thank you and a peaceful new year to your all !!!!!
still waiting for my package...
still didn't get my iblazr2, and i can't find my tracking number on your website too. you said that you would sent chinese orders in december!
cannot connect to the spotlight apps.
@ryan, we'll send them asap. guys, yes you are right - some company have run the project that totally infringes our patents and trademarks, moreover, it breaks kickstarter rules. we are going to claim a dispute to remove this company from kickstarter. thanks for the note. @asura, yes - we shipped all of our website preorders already.
there is someone being naughty..... https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/xeccon/monic-smartest-and-stylish-led-flash-to-enlighten/…
still didn't get my iblazr2, and i can't find my tracking number on your website. :(
you got a copycat! https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/xeccon/monic-smartest-and-stylish-led-flash-to-enlighten/description
any updates on the tracking page? eagerly awaiting my iblazr 2.   :）
hello there, theres a problem with my shipping. how can i contact you?
@iblazr lab when will people who ordered more iblazrs from your website have theirs shipped out?
of coz i did double check my package , all ten diffuser is missing track no. : 351123967962 please reply me and send me back those  diffuser cover  ryanyiu@me.com
@chad, thanks for the comment! we glad you have finally receive the unit. share your emotions using #iblazr and #iblazr 2 hashtags. @wesley, will get back to you shortly via email. @darren, just responded to your query. thanks for the patience.  @desmond, just replied to your email using our support tool.  @kaoru - let us check the issue with your delivery.  @galshahaf - please drop us a line to support@concepter.co and we will find a soliton how to resolve your issue. @stevewaito, @lai hok leung, @milo yung, @alexander lai thanks for warm inspiring words guys! please use support@concepter.co email address, we would be able to reply to your query more quickly than on kickstarter.
i received mine today!!! so happy! one doesn't have battery and one is now working perfectly... playing around with it now... everything works well. i'm using htc one m7... thank you!! its such a great product! doubles as a flashlight too! :p
will not pair with my iphone 6s+.  your emails tell me to do the same thing over again.  no reply from you on the last one sent.
you did not respond to my email! why did you lie in response?! i would like my units fixed/replaced!!
anybody using htc one m8?  it seems iblazr 2 doesn't take a picture with the native camera app after double tapping.  the shotlight app works though.
anyway to check for my tracking number?
anyway to check for my tracking number?
ok, i received it today, it works great, but my phone (note 5) recognizes it as a keyboard, so as long as it stays connected, i can't use the keyboard.. what can i do?
i still haven't received my product.  i'm live in japan.
hi iblazr team, i had received my iblazr yesterday. it's so smaller than i through. it's also more powerful light and multi-functional. the iblazr 2 is my favorite christmas gift this years! great job, guys!
finally receive it...it was said it has been dispatched in hong kong 1 month ago....you definitely have to reconsider to replace singpost from now on in order to save the credibility, creator.
hi, i still haven't received my product. can you please check for me.
my email：jack13636336667@gmail.com was told that is not correct, can tell me the latest progress?
hi concepter team, i ordered another iblazr2 unit during the blackfriday / cyber monday sale and was wondering around what time those orders will be shipped out? :-)
just received mine yesterday, functional test looks good. will be pretty amazing if it can also be triggered by the dslr to shoot photos, may be version 3.
i recently received mine, and i'm very excited. there's just one thing. i'm a windows phone user, and i'm afraid that it won't work with my phone. during the campaign i was concerned, and ii know feel like i should've backed out. is there anyone else on here that's a windows phone user? i'm hoping that'll it work. i'd appreciate any feedback. thanks in advance.
finally got the reward this morning in hk. tested a little bit seems no problem with me. will test it more later on. thanks
well-received the two units of iblazr flash 2 this morning.  very good as a little christmas gift for myself. my comments? they work instantly out of the box, easy to setup, easy to use, beautifully designed and assembled, light in weight, powerful as light source, soft as professional lighting. quick setup guide is very informative, very good enough for me to get into light. my favorite features: as instant and convenient light source for photo and *cough* ... hiking, remote shutter and light source at the same time and temperature adjustment on-the-go.
me too. i wait for my mail from you, and it would be around 3 weeks, then how could i know... ? what a disappoint.
@alfonso - here is your tracking number (rf358264636sg.) the package had arrived to the us on november 24th. please contact your local usps department to check. thanks. @alan - your order number is rf358279162sg, and it is mentioned, that the item is collected. apologies for delays with answers, we are experiencing an extremely high volume of emails since the campaign is ended. could you check with your local post regarding this number? @stevewaito - as we see right now, your item is just arrived to hk, please check it on singapore post website - rf358484711sg. @asura - thanks for a feedback. yes you can set up the color temperature within the shotlight app, or using the sensor on the back panel. @carlos - thanks, we guess you didn't finish a tutorial. did you pass all the steps? @alfred - we apologize for the delay and due to short-ship, we will include the 3rd device into a new order.  @ryan, it should be included. can you double check please. if not, we would be able to send it thru. @desmond, just replied to your email.  @jan & terri - it was the estimated price - 70 usd, but our production team did their best to decrease the cost, and that's why we were able to make a little shift in pricing. but there is a good moment for the company that sell and product products we believe, isn't it? @darren, replied to your email.  @ stephen, we glad you received your items finally! share your emotions :)
i am also a backer from hong kong and still have received the item. sent several follow up messages and got absolutely no response from the iblazr team. disappointing... alan
hi iblazr team, i'm from hong kong backer. i'm waiting my iblazr for a few week. i'm a backer of the first batch. please let me know how long can i get one?
hi guys, fedex tried to deliver a package to me while i was away and sent the item back because they couldn't get a signature. could only say that it was photography/ camera equipment shipped from hong kong, so i'm guessing it was my iblazr's. is it possible to re-ship so no signature is required, or at least give me a tracking number so i can make sure i'm there to pick it up? thanks.
does anyone know if it's possible to adjust the color temp of the flash mode and not just video mode? i really hope to be able to use the flash with the warmest color temp setting! the full lighted flash is a little too cold for my taste. awesome light overall! sometimes it acts up and the video light died a lot quicker than the listed "25 minutes" on high beams (more like 10 minutes) but i'm gonna fully recharge it again and see if that's the case. thanks concepter team!
i just got two pieces, i really liked, but, i can not use the app on iphone 6s. it is locked in the start tutorial. please help
so many questions not responded promptly..... and xmas is coming soon.....just perfect!!!
i finally receive the 10 iblazr 2 , but i don't see the silicon diffuser that comes with ?  does it come separately ?
any updates yet? my item was sent on 13 nov to australia while my shipping address is in singapore. almost a month now still no news from creator?!
i just received today my iblazr2 units (in brazil). i didn't have time to test them yet. wheni return home i'll charge them up and get them properly tested throughout the weekend. cheers!
i haven't gotten my blazer ether. any updates? and what's with the 30% off promise on retail pricing?
i paid $49 and now it's on your website for $59!!?? i thought it was 30% off retail?? great deal on kickstarter!
hi iblazr, i'm one of the iblazr backer, and i havn't got my tracking no via http://iblazr.com/tracking_kickstarter . while i input my emily address, the web shows "it seems your entered an incorrect kickstarter email address".  please help to slove it. thanks!
dear sir, i still have not received the item. the tracking no is rf358279162sg and according to singpost.com the status of item has already been collected but in fact has not. please help. regs, alan
please respond to my msg i sent you. my units keep less than a 20 minute charge. 1 unit the bluetooth light doesn't work. my white unit intermittenly stops working.
my iblazrs was short-shipped! ordered 3 and only received 2 - didn't receive the 'black' iblazr2. please help me oleg!!!
@dario yes is it normal. lol i saw it only now!  btw i can't use anymore the ios app with this last update :(
luckily i did get mine delivered from singpost in hong kong after more than 2 weeks stuck with the nov.16 date. it did update after it was sent out on delivery and received by my office mailroom.
@circleplus,  same situation here and i am getting annoyed!!!
hey guys.. just receveid it few minutes ago! is it normale the different lights (seems more yellow) in 2/4 light? here the pic to describe: http://imgur.com/jd44xlq
hi creator, seems backers from hong kong have problem to receive the product. up to today, i have not received anything yet. while the checking system of singpost only showed dispatched in hong kong on 16 nov and then no more extra information is available. would you please help to check what happened? i recommend you not to use singpost to deliver your product anymore. you have been working hard to catch up the schedule while all effort is in vain due to the incapability of singpost.
hi i ordered 2 iblazrs and recieve it yesterdey. it's amazing, i love it, but one of them is not working properly, in fact i thinked it did not work, but i realized that works only if its plugged to a usb power source. how can you help me or change it?
dear backers, thank you for your warm comments, we are glad that most of you are happy with the product. right now we are getting to much messages and our support couldn't answer each question right away. few points regarding your questions: 1. if you have any issues with iblazr, please doable check the user manual and if something works not like it intended to work - contact us via support form in shotlight app or at support@concepter.co 2. if you still didn't get your reward - please double check your shipping info at http://iblazr.com/tracking . if it is in your country - you can contact your local forwarder. if you still have any questions - you can always contact us via support form in shotlight app or at support@concepter.co our goal is to satisfy each and every backer and we will definitely help you, but knowing the big number of pre-orders we've got, it might take a bit longer than usual. thank you for understanding. vlad
i have received mine and overall i'm impressed with the product. it would be nice if additional development was done in the app, but overall it seems like a good product, thank you.
i've got my blazer today but the flexible chargers were missing. i have sent you a message about it.
hello!  following up on as i have not received a response to my email so leaving a full comment here.  my iblazr2 does not hold a charge....a replacement is needed.    please respond. thank you
mine was sent to au (i'm im sg). received an acknowledgement from creator on 24 nov and till now there is no remedy yet!!! i'm flying off next monday. :(
i've still not received mine in hk, dispatched since the 16th :'( item no: rf358486448sg dispatch no: 4288 please help ...
i got mine. i love how small and light it is.
i am still having trouble and have not received a response. please help.
i received mine and it's great! a few points to consider if you're doing this again: the frame for the flash actually covers the front view lens on iphones as there isn't enough space on either side to accommodate the holder without blocking the lens. i love being able to control the temp of the light, maybe consider controlling the brightness because the silicone sleeve doesn't make that much of a difference. i love how small and powerful it is even with these points! thank you for delivering a good product!
got my iblazors 2 over one week in hong kong.  i tried to take shot with them by clasping all on my iphone 6 plus and the effects looked good but has not fully tested their functionality outdoors up to now.
still not receive in hk. it is dispatched on 16nov. i still not receive till now. what can i do?
hi iblazr2 team, i have sent an issue to your inbox...please respond when possible. thank you
i just got flashes today.  i tried for 1/2 hour and it works as it indicates on the campaign.  i do noticed there is a lag between shot and flash on the shotlight app.  because of the lag, sometime the phones are out of focus or the photos is too dark.  in addition, the app doesn't know how to tell if the photos are horizontal and vertical.  it have to go back to photo app and turn the photos around. overall the product does what it promise but i think there is a lot of room for improvement.
i am in canada,  item no:	rf358268522sg despatch no.:	4516 i keep checking the singpost site and there is just no update.  any idea how long it takes? thx
i just received mine.  neat little device, but there is no working light on the back in the "lightning bolt" area.  the holders have little rubberized pieces that came off first time i put the iblazer in the holder and then removed it.  when i charge it, the iblazer keeps coming on.  i turn it off and then it comes back on automatically.  is there a way to make the iblazer only be on when the photo is being taken, like the native flash on the iphone?  adam schmidt
still haven't received in hk. the status said it despatched on 16 nov and no update status ever since. please help to check.
@creator. finally i found my package which was stuck in customs. thanks for your support..
thanks guys! just got mine. loving it! great work! can probably improve on the parts, saw some exposed glue areas. but hey, kickstarter, and you guys delivered! keep up the great job and keep us posted on future development.
just emailed you could you please check for me too? i haven't received my order, and it's pretty fishy that the "attempted/failed delivery" and "product delivered" were recorded on the same day.
just got mine.. love it.. but there is a black object on one of the led..
mine got into us on the 21st and is still stuck at 'arrival at destination post (country: us)'. would love to actually get it!
i received mine works well, still amazed that we have to pay extra for charger! that's like any electronics you buy and them saying if you want too use it you have to buy charger or you just have a brick... door stop! but oh well power too them.. lol kind of chicken s.h.i.t
@creator still i didnt received mine...when i check the tracking number...it says.."attempted/failed delivery (country code: ae)"..whereas my address is correct. my tracking no:	rf358491933sg despatch no.:	4279 can you please check
i have created a ticket through the app hope you fix this soon otherwise you can have it back and give me a refund as it is sat being useless for me
@iblazr did you mention on your package that the content is a gift or did you mention any other price info?  mine got blocked by the customs and now they are asking for more details before they deliver.  any idea what should be done?
received mine the other day.  works well, thank you!
amazing product, did a test run on it and it works well with dslr and iphone! bluetooth was a bit dodgy while calibrating though. hope i did not get a lemon.
yesterday,my two iblazers . both work well, incredible amount of light for such a small, light box. very nice!!
got mine yesterday and it works perfectly standalone or with the native app/spotlight app (via bluetooth). it's very bright for a such small led flash (300 lux). i'm quite impressed. for now, i'm happy using iblazr 2 and will test it more. here's my unboxing of iblazr 2 for those willing to see how it looks like : https://youtu.be/ip8h5wq0w0e. enjoy ! thanks iblazr team ! :)
got all 3 of mine today and love them so far. one of my black ones the bluetooth light doesn't light up. i've tried doing the 5 second reboot but there's no change. i'd like to replace this one please.
@creator, i have tried both the app and my native application.
my two iblazers arrived 2 days ago. both work well, incredible amount of light for such a small, light box. well done dev team!
support programs need to playmemories mobili
guys thanks for your feedback! @ dennis we will get back to you shortly, apologies for the delay. we are working 24/7 and handling all the tickets accordingly. some of them might have a quick answer, another take a bit more time. @daniel, please report us at support@concepter.co, so that we can help to resolve the issue. @ian do you run shotlight app, or using a native app application? @joseph, yes we already aware of this issue (with the clip), will do some improvements in future production runs. thanks for the feedback. @woofer - well noticed. working on that already.  @david, please create a ticket thru the app, so that we can analyse the issue and what went wrong with the app. the clip issue is mentioned above. thanks. @igor, thanks for the comparison, we used crafted envelopes, because we had about 110 variations of orders, and this case the packaging is not working. will use another envelopes next time. @ken, yes, we received your ticket, will get back to you asap. apologies for any inconveniences caused. @edda we will contact you shortly.  @stuart, it should be sf express. try it. @eugene - thanks, working on that! @liz please press the button for 5-6 seconds until it goes off and then turn it on again. the issue should be fixed.
i have emailed you thru the app 4 times since tuesday when i received mine... either help me or refund me but i'm loosing business right now!!! the problem is it won't stay on/lit unless i have it connected to a wall charge... please help me!
all understood. the device works well. and here the appendix still to finish and finish.
received mine but the app didn't work crash every time ;( iphone 6 ios 9.1
mine doesn't seem to work. it connects to my phone via bluetooth but that's it. i can't get it to flash i can't get it to respond to the buttons.
received mine. feedback so far: rubber fillers on cold shoe and phone mounts falls off. lost one already. shotlight app can do with a bit of improvement. otherwise, lights seems to be ok.
today i received iblazr. still to understand as to use.... there is no instruction in russian...
just received mine today - works well
correction *shotlight'
the 'spotlight' apps sucks.!  buggy...! - it doesn't auto-connect to the iblazr2, - have to +add iblazr from flash menu every time  you use the app. (it should auto-connect from previous used blazer just like other bluetooth device) - rotating the phone from portrait to landscape vice-versa is lagging too much and it won't work sometimes.
recieved i blazer 2 today function but as stated previously rudder pieces of smartphone clip had come off too easily very poorly made. also connects through to my galaxy note 4 as a keyboard and doesn't link through with the shotlight app so very disapointed
i just today received iblazr 2. i check only one. it works, but guys.... package ridiculous. they was pack in paper bag... when i took if to it look like from the ass. can you make normal package?first iblazr was in better packege box
received mine in australia. unfortunately it's not working and only turns on when it's plug into the usb. doesn't connect to the phone though. if disconnected from usb, nothing works :( i've sent an email anyway to tech support.
this is absolutely ridiculous!, this just doesn't work! please reply as soon as possible.
i'm also in hong kong and there is no sign of the iblazer - what's going on? - does anyone know which carrier is delivering the product - hk post doesn't recognize the tracking number
i just received my iblazer2 today and it's not working. followed all instructions, charged it through my computer and it constantly turned itself off and had to press the button on again for it to complete charging . when it charged and i proceeded with the instructions it didn't turn on, tried many times with no luck. the only way it turns on it's by connecting it to the computer only to turn itself off again after disconnecting it from the computer. i'm very disappointed and i wanted to buy more.
recived it, love it, will post a video about it
received 3 of my iblazr2. works great. would've been better if the flashes can be sync perfectly in time. as of now there's a tad bit of delay when they flashes together. it's off by a few milliseconds so it's not really a big of a deal and i can accept that. hopefully in the future there's an update that can adjust the sync speed.
hi. i got my iblazr2 today and am encountering a small problem with it. as the manual states, the iblazr2 is supposed to switch off automatically after being inactive for 4 minutes. however, mine has been inactive for hours, having ensured that my phone is no longer connected to it via bluetooth, but the led "flash" sign keeps blinking. there is no way that i can switch it off of manually turn it off completely. can you please update me on this.
i got iblazr2 today, but rudder pieces of smartphone clip had come off too easily. they were fixed with adhesive and very weak. any solution for this problem?
hooray... i received my package today...... blazring away already........ ka-ching!!!
i received mine today and they are great, was just wondering if it's possible to: a) set a timer for the flash b) use multiple iblazr units simultaneously if not do you see these features coming in future software updates thanks for your time and a great product
i sent an email to 'support@iblazr.com' about the delivery problem i am having in hong kong, could you please check and reply to me.  thank you!
received my iblazr 2 here in nyc today. very impressed! great job. thanks for being so dedicated to producing a quality product.
@ yun ki lee me 2
i love this the app is way better than it was before and when you get this you'll be surprised how small it is!
still not received mine yet -- and i'm in hk :( disapatched on the 16th but still nothing :(
skypax - step 2 of getting started says "push the mode button to turn on charging indication." it is fully charged when all four lights are lit without blinking. as the manual plainly states under video mode; "press the button two times for low light output and three times for high light output." also, as the manual states, the iblazr2 turns itself off after 4 minutes of inactivity. that tiny blue led isn't using very much power during that 4 minutes.
i received mine yesterday morning. it works perfectly with my iphone 6+. i love the shotlight app! it works great. it's more compact than i imagined. now if i could quickly get my instamic backed on indiegogo i will be all set for iphone videos!
@iblazr lab how are you supposed to know when it is fully charged? do you need to have it on whilst charging to see the statudes of all four leds? also the button if you press it successive times it seems there is like different modes. what are they exactly the manual doesn't say? when you change the colour temperature how to you turn back on all four leds? finally how do you turn it off? do you have to wait the 4 mins and have it waste battery in the process? its's a bit confusing. maybe a quick video tutorial would be helpful to explain some basic functionality, manual aside.
i have received mine today! it is amazing! i haven't tried the shotlight app yet but it works great with the native ios camera app. thank you and all the best
@ thanks for inspiring comments! @james if you are able to describe problems that you faced with, we would appreciate your comments at support@concepter.co @andrei, give it a time, it will be delivered soon we believe. @thomas, appreciate your comments, already have taken them into account. if you are in trouble with something, just feel free to send us a message via email to support@concepter.co, it will be easier to us to communicate with you. thanks.
got my iblazer2. very disappointed, the shotlight application does not work on my iphone 6s just shows a splash screen. not happy
received mine fairly quick in singapore. nice product, its smaller and more compact than i thought. works and looks great! thanks man!
can you please check my order got the tracking rf358495864sg but i didn't receive it yet.
received my iblazer 2 today in india! it's an amazing product well thought off in all respects and works really well. i am glad i backed this product.
got my today.
just got my iblazr2 here in serbia... works and looks great! thanks!
hi creator, tks for the reply, it looks like i have to have more patience on sing post.
received my iblazr2 and it works great! good job on a successful product :)
oh ok it has to be turned on when charging in order to see the charge state. :-d
is there any indication when charging and when charging is completed?
i received my iblazr2 yesterday here in denmark. the flash is a beautiful little piece of art, but yes the android app does indeed need a lot of work! - when you delete a picture in the gallery the app does does not return to the thumbnail overview but just displays the "empty place" where the picture was. - there are no long-press actions on the thumbnails in the gallery. picture deletion becomes a extremely tedious task. - the app forgets settings when closed - is the app supposed to be able to take pictures using both the iblazr and the built-in flash? i can't make that happen. - the app starts up in "auto" mode but the white balance is incandescent. blue pictures! - when in manual mode you can't tell the app where to focus. tapping on the screen toggles settings popups. - there is no way to tell the app to use the external sd card instead of the device memory. has anyone else noticed something?
i just received my iblazr2. but power does not turn on. why is this? it does not display when charging led? there is no reaction.
got mine just now. can't wait to try it later. thanks again!
posted a photo on my instagram of it in use. i'm loving it so far. android app does need some work though. https://www.instagram.com/p/-dj78ymsw5/ @nick malliaras i do agree with you. it does drain rather quickly but i think that's due to bluetooth connectivity.
disregard previous comment found the tracking number. can't wait to use this for holiday pictures
i have not received my email for shipping the iblazr
@ vincent liu i've tried using both iblazr versions with shotlight app. it works fine but it takes up a lot of phone space to leave the iblazr version 1 plugged into audio jack with iblazr 2 mounted on top. a good workaround to making your iblazr version 1 "wireless" is my connecting it with an ad2p bluetooth adapter.
meant to say losing battery life quickly
attn @creators. i'm  having an issue with my iblazr 2loaing  battery life quickly even after having charged it twice to full battery cycle. i might have a defective unit, battery shouldn't die after about 40 shots. this never happened with my iblazr version 1. can someone from tech support please contact me to assist?
just received my three iblazr 2's along with the flexible charging stands. looks awesome so far. haven't tested them out yet but as soon as i get them fully charged, i'll post pictures on my instagram. i'll hashstag #iblazr #iblazr2 so you'll know which photos i've used iblazr 2 on. if anyone is interested in following my instagram it's https://instagram.com/only1jreal
my tracking code still doesn't pull up any tracking information and doesn't show my iblazr as having been shipped...
just got mines today, thanks iblazr team, wish could've added 2 more before it was ship. hopefully u guys will have that 10%-20% discount again in the future like at the halloween special.
anyone try using iblazr 1 and 2 together?
guys thanks for your comments! please give sing post 2-3 weeks from the date the order is sent. sometimes united states can receive their orders faster than hk. you will for sure get your iblazr 2. @desmond, will check your issue.
received mine today :) love it! thanks iblazr team! backer #1479 from malaysia
sent a private message but didn't get any reply. posting my message here instead. please help to check my order. i'm residing in singapore, while the tracking on the website says "despatched to overseas (country code: au)" a few days ago. now it says "arrival at destination post (country code: au)"
me2, my parcel still showing 16 nov "despatched to overseas (country code: hk), is it something wrong with the shipments to hk?
iblazr team just want to follow up my order for this project still havent received mine thank you and more power
same as @fung. singpost...i was afraid of them. i guess i'll wait 3 weeks for my package 'in-transit' again. it's just across the border!
how come my parcel still showing 19 nov "despatched to overseas (country code: hk)" and keep me waiting... this courier company is very disappointing...
i received my two iblazer 2's yesterday, very easy to pair. what i didn't know is that you can pair two iblazer 2's at the same time and get twice the light output when using both flashes together. each one can be individually adjusted to light output and color. very cool. i imagine many more can be synced to get amazing lighting effects. i'm very happy with the product, many thanks. btw, i have the original iblazer and used it extensively, this iblazer  2 puts this concept over the top. the bluetooth connectivity lets you place the iblazer 2 off camera to get professional results.
got it! thank you iblazr for the good work! it's working perfectly!
i got mine here in california, looks good haven't try yet. just waiting for more updates. now i have a full set with @beastgrippro and my rode. i'll use it more.
received mine (thailand). work great!! i love it!! :)
i just got mine and i love it. as soon as i have a chance i will be posting pics on instagram. you guys did a great job it was worth the wait.
@mitchell p. ramos : we will double check your order and will send it next week. we hope you and your family are safe now! @to all backers  :  our team is so happy to read that iblazr flash is working well and even exceeded expectations of many people. anyway, if you will have any issues or questions, don't hesitate to reach us at support@concepter.co or in priva and don't forget to put #iblazr and #iblazr2 hashtags with your iblazr 2 pictures, we will feature them in upcoming updates and our social networks!
filled out survey
sorry for the late reply.  we've been hit hard by category 4 typhoon.  wiped out most power poles. knocked out internet connection for almost 3 months. hope you can still mail out my rewards. president obama declared this place state of disaster. very much appreciate it. thanks.
received my i blazer here in tokyo, working well. happy with the flexible cord as the first gen was too flimsy...overall happy with the product.
received mine!!! that is led what i looking for to use with my iphone when traveling!! !!!thanks!!!
some has receive it in the us. still waiting, not even the email confirmation. please those who have it please post your pic. please!
some has receive it in the us. still waiting, not even the email confirmation. please those who have it please post your pic. please!
@ creators i'm very pleased with the new iblazr that i just received. greater and stronger light output and customizations, i'm totally diggin the wireless capabilities and color temp options. great job overall!!!
has anyone gotten theirs in the us.
looks awesome can't wait to use it thank you for running another great project
got mine today (uk). looks really good, thanks guys!
wonder how to run the strobe mode.  unable to produce what step steps says..
received my 2 pack today. singularly they work perfectly with the native camera app. however, when using the shotlight app i have yet to take a picture that fires them correctly. most of the time they don't fire, even in a pitch black room, if they do it'll usually be one that fires, not both. i also have the iblazr 1st gen, and the performance of that with the app is also not great. i'm using the oneplus one. glad that i can use one with the native app, little disappointed i can't use them combined for more creative shots. hopefully app updates can sort the issues.
received today ! all looks great ! :-)
hi iblazr team! first of all, you guys are great! i've received iblazr2 today (hong kong) and did some tests, it is amazing! i didn't expect that it would be that outstanding (i mean over outstanding :) ) and i am gna get an extra one for multi lighting uses on my filming works(i am working at the media industry and i definitely will recommend for my colleague)
got my iblazr2 as well....i notice the shotlight app seem to be having issue with my nexus 6p running on android m... when i try to snap photo with iblazr...for first shot is fine..the 2nd shot...the iblazr seem to be hanged and need to press the reset function in order to recover iblazr back to normal state :( or i am getting lemon unit :(
here's mine. https://instagram.com/p/-sw_mxdnx-/ will post some more photos using it when i get the time.
received my unit today! awesome product and works perfectly well even with native handphone camera.
received my three units today! they work so well together with the shotlight app! and the flexible usb cables are the bomb! :)
just received mine and it is awesome. works perfectly as its supposed to..
easiest usage is to use the flexible usb cable as a phone stand. open the stock phone app (samsung s6). then hold the iblazr2 aim and double tap the back to take a photo...
just received mine (uk), thank you!. sad to see that the android app still doesn't auto focus though...
thanks just received mine in london , uk. look forward to trying it out later
those who already got it please post pictures or videos please.
havent receive the tracking number
for the people that already received it, can y'all make a video or something. i want to see it in action!
got my iblazr 2 :-)
yay! i'm from singapore, got it yesterday. quite happy with it, still exploring how to use it properly. one disappointment is the diffuser, with the keychain idea of carrying it around, it doesn't give me the security as it feels easy to pop out of the cover, a small extension at the 4 corners will ensure it stays in place. overall, loving it!
thanks for comments guys! as we are shipping from china, asian countries will be receiving their rewards first, but no worries, everybody will receive iblazr 2. @daniel - we already send you the tracking code, see pm @zubair - cold shoe has been tested well on dozens of cameras, but yes, there is a possibility it will not fit a few of them.  @ron, you should to test it more. and please, send your updates to support@concepter.co
no tracking number received
got mine. the product works well enough. however the hotshoe mount is a very tight fit. its really tight on my nikon dslrs and can't fit even a bit on my x100s and x-t1 mount.
perfect. mine arrived today and i'm very happy with it. well done!
hi there i just received my iblazr,  i notice that the whole iblazr turn very hot after a few shot  is it normal?
hi there i just received my iblazr,  i notice that the whole turn very hot after a few shot is it normal?
very well made product.
got mine today as well, singpost did not update the status.
mine stated: 12/11 information received  18/11 delivery in progress 18/11 delivered (not yet updated in singpost system)
i just received mine stephen.. singpost not even mention it is in delivery... lol. well made products.. this is another product i satisfied with.
agree @henry tan. don't know how cohen got his iblazrs so fast yet some of us seem to have their shipments stuck or not arrived at singpost. maybe perhaps we're not the super early birds batch?
got mine today! nice! thanks. :)
singpost is the lousiest of updating the system. until now, my tracking only shows 'information received (this is not an acknowledgment of the physical receipt of the stated registered article)'  seems like they have not received the item from @creator
got mine today and i'm loving it. it's so light in weight but still feels sturdy enough. great job!
please read my message regarding new shipping regulation in my country. thanks
@cohen, which country are you in? i don't think we got any update on how to track our shipment yet right?
@cohen
got mine 10 pcs today. all works well. very nice finish i must say, great work and already put in to use in the field today for some commercial work. everyone in the crew loves it! thanks very much.
today is monday.. yeah.. have all the iblazr2 shipped?
@creator/vlad - haha wasn't expecting you to deliver by hand. good luck and awaiting patiently to receive my iblazr 2's.
is there anyway i can change my shipping address?
@stephen chiu - nice to see here again. but, unfortunately we will not be able to ship to hong kong personally this time :) we will publish another update regarding the shipment and tracking on our website today.
@bintang - you must be new to kickstarter because if you can successfully get a backed project item in less than 6 months of estimated delivery, you should consider that project to be very successful from prototype stage to mass produced product. some really great products i've received by backing on ks took as long as a year and a half overdue. it doesn't matter if it's manufactured in china or in the us, there will be delays. any hiccups heading towards final approval and then mass production may means weeks if not months of delay depending on the type of product or part they are waiting for. if you like holding people to their delivery dates then don't back crowdfunding projects because this is not the product you're looking for. so far i'd say 10% of my backed projects are within 1-2 month estimated delivery date, 10% pretty much scams or failed projects and the rest were 6+ months to under 2 year past estimated delivery, but at least they delivered and final product quality may vary. similiar to nick malliaras, i too backed version 1 of iblazr, which was also a months behind scheduled delivery but they were quite transparent of their manufacturing situation. they were at the factory during production and were even nice enough to travel on their last day at the factory down from china to hong kong to deliver my iblazrs, even though it was close to midnight by the time we met up.
hi iblazr， can you help to check my shipment date? i hope to receive my package before dec, since my trip to japan is in early dec. please please please help!
@bokhary. by default, cold shoe is not included and thats why is not in the manual. but our rewards comes with it. so dun worry
hello isn't the coldshoe adapter included in the package? i didn't see it in the user manual
in my experience with supporting iblazr version 1, the creators have always been supportive and proactive on providing updates and resolving customer issues. plus, i would agree they are much quicker on getting to a production status than other kickstarter products.  keep up the good work @ creators!!!!
@kris chan thank you for a good words! we`ll try to make updates more often! please read the new one - https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/iblazr/iblazr-2-the-most-versatile-led-flash-for-ios-andr/updates @bintang ariesto well, basically we did a whole new product from the start, and the quality is our key intention. you can read all our updates from the start of the production here - https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/iblazr/iblazr-2-the-most-versatile-led-flash-for-ios-andr/updates @man ho lorl lee please read the new update - https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/iblazr/iblazr-2-the-most-versatile-led-flash-for-ios-andr/updates
estimated delivery:sep 2015... any new update?
so, how long is the enough time for you guys to complete this thing? don't talk about fund & partner if you guys can't manage production system well. you guys asking backer to be patient and act as partner, but what you did as a partner to the backers?
hi, i have recently changed address so need to make sure my iblazr is delivered to the right place, how can i check m details are correct?
agree with kris
yikes- my last comment was not directed to i blazr2- so sorry- it was supposed to be directed to natsu minimalist rfid blocking wallet.
i have not received my two wallets. the tracking number ( ra678186525sg) does not track in the usa. has anyone else in the usa not received their shipment?
@danny lo - totally agree your points! @iblazr team - maybe you could make it as regular updates, let's say biweekly? i think most of the backers, no matter how they position themselves as a customers or partners, we feel more comfortable to regularly engaged with your team. even if there is no big update, it is always nice to say hello. cheers and keep it up! :d
@danny lo - thank you very much for your patience and understanding! to be honest, we could sent the product in the end of september, but you would be disappointed on the product quality. that's why we took our time to upgrade the production process to insure the highest quality of every unit we ship...
just want to share my experience in participating over 10 items in ks (and another 2 in indiegogo) since april this year, only 2 items were sent to me met the estimated timeline pledge set by those creators while i'm still awaiting for other creators in complying with their out-of-time schedules, delaying in fulfilling pledge due to different reasons, to send me my booking products. the worst one is that the delivery date of goods would be re-scheduled to over 9-10 months from the original estimated delivery date which has not yet been complied with up to today.  as far as sophisticated backers well aware in such kinds of fund-rasing projects that a prontotype product with complicated features bring into an existence is not a easy thing especially for a size of home or soho businesses with few or no manufacturing experience & most of the creators have to come across & resolve some unexpected difference difficulties or circumstances that will unevitably drag on the delivery date to a uncertain reasonable (or you may think that it's unreasonable) period, backers here should, not just a customer but play a minor role like a partner to them, stand firm with patience & confidence to all creators rather than only condemnation or else i think you're not suitable for such kinds of fund-rasing projects. certainly, an effective, active & better way of communications offered by creator is pre-requisite. to me, i think that iblazr team have already been above standard all along.
dears, read our new update - https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/iblazr/iblazr-2-the-most-versatile-led-flash-for-ios-andr/posts/1398132 please understand that this a crowdfunding campaign, not a shop of the finished products which you need only to ship - we are developing a totally new product, and unfortunately not everything depends on the team, however we are striving to make a premium product and do our best to make it happened. also want to remind you, that, unfortunately, far not every product is shipping in time due a specific of the crowd-funding campaigns - developers need to create a product not just sell. we're trying our best and will start a quality product shipping by november 10. @viral chopra we always answer on all message, email, ect. what we received. also we have answered to all of your numerous messages with no feedback instead. so please don't blame us in no answering.  @nino flueck we will refund in a couple of days. @zubair hamed exactly, iblazr 2 works in a constant light mode using cold shoe mount. @julia fairchild @john anthony mariquit  you have already filled the survey, thank you!
agree with george. no added value for backers, and this delivery issue showing that this company is not manage by professional.
hi iblazr team, i already shoot you an email via kickstarter, unfortunately, i received no feedback until today. i would like to ask for a refund, i don't need the iblazr anymore. please provide me an refund or contact me directly via email. kind regards,  nino
haha...is it a trick? a promotion instead of an update!! where is my shipment?!?!?!?
this is one of the most rip off campaigns on ks. really surprised by the brazenness of team iblazer. have requested atleast 10 times for my payment refund but they just dont response. its wayyyy past their commitment deadlines! really surprising!!
seriously, let's get this show on the road
why did i even back this project i could have just pre ordered it apparently and got the same price
still no update, october will past. i'm amazed, while my packages hasn't being send you guys made halloween promotion.
still no update, october will past. i'm amazed, while my packages hasn't being send you guys made halloween promotion.
the newsletter without the product.. this is hilarious!
treat yourself without the iblazr2.!!! have a scary halloween...!!!  wooohhhhhoooohooohhh!
a simple regular update helps a lot... maybe you could hire me to be your pr lol
i guess you guys are working very hard to fulfill our shipment, a quick short update would greatly help to calm people down who have been waiting and supporting your project.
hey guys, any update!
so now 9 weeks since sergey has been in china working hard. what news? an update with shipping dates please
hi iblazr team, i already shoot you an email via kickstarter, unfortunately, i received no feedback until today. i would like to ask for a refund, i don't need the iblazr anymore. please provide me an refund or contact me directly via email. kind regards, nino
it has been another 3 weeks of waiting. any update on the shipping arrangement? i hope to catch up my trip to japan.
when our oder will be shipped?
any chance of an update on production and delivery schedules? in september you were quoting delivery around mid-october. the last update mentioned only that mass production was starting. how is this progressing? what is the current estimated shipping dates?
hi, its towards end of oct, do you guys have a firm ship date yet?
oh wait a minute. maybe i misunderstood. so how does the dslr trigger the flash? or is the flash then supposed to work as continuous light when using on the cold shoe?
hey guys, have you tested with wireless triggers? i have a couple of wireless triggers and one of them is the flashq indiegogo trigger which is really small. i was thinking that + the iblazr, if works, might make one helluva small setup for off-camera flash/strobist stuff.
hi iblazr, i too want to check if i have already filled out the survey or not.  perhaps you can publish a list (using the backer # is ok if privacy is an issue)?
how do i check if i have filled out survey already- is that possible on kickstarter or just by searching my email, which i am loathed to start combing though...? thanks!
@muhammad khairizal  hi muhammad, you have also filled the survey at aug 21 2015, but if  something has changed - please let us know as soon as possible.
hi iblazr, i might have missed out in the survey, could you help me check it out?
haha, im sorry! i've forgotten completely that i already filled the survey. thanks for the fast answer and keep up the good work!
@hi sven, according to our info - you have already filled the survey on 13 of september. if something has changes - please let us know as soon as possible!
hi there, didnt get the survey yet. could you please send it again? thank you!
@erwin, see the below comment again. concepter and lunecase are not same companies. concepter had stopped working with lunecase in august 2014. concepter created iblazr/iblazr 2 and shotlight. if you make an analysis you would find that the iblazr campaign that was finished in 2013 had been fulfilled according to the schedule.
you say concepter and lunecase has nothing in common since august 2014 but on you're latest update#12 it seems the mass production and shotlight app is with concepter team. how do you explain that ?.
@erwin, concepter and lunecase have nothing common since august 2014, where concepter helped lunecase in terms of marketing and pr. according to the last update you can see that the mass-production has been started and very soon all the backers will receive their rewards. we aware of the situation behind the lunecase project and we strongly believe this team will shipped all the devices too within 2015 year. thanks.
i notice that concepter is teaming up with iblazr2 project, as much a i trust you guys, concepter has already fooled us with the lunecase project and still it hasn't delivered for over a year now?. so how do we know where not getting scam by concepter again.
@david thanks for your words! that's true! appreciate this.  guys, all the devices will be shipped in october. any shifts more.
does it means we are expecting the shipment start early november instead?
these developers aren't even in the us and english is not their native language and yet they are doing a much better job of communicating than many us-based developers whose projects i have backed in the past. and at this point they are barely one month behind the proposed schedule for production offered in the campaign. this is investing in the process of bringing a new product to market, not online ordering from ebay or amazon. there are always glitches in the process that get things behind schedule. please be patient and offer encouragement, stop the whining!
hello, blazer 2 operates without the application? best regards
hi, the product only fuction with the app the ios the apple?. best regards
so, i'm guessing i won't get my iblazr 2 before the end of this week? i go on vacation starting sunday - had really hoped to take it with me :/
so based on your last msg here, shipping should start in another 7 days or so and that we should get a shipping email within 5 days after that. cool.  you want to pass me my iblazr 2 in hong kong in person again? lol!
i am also deeply disappointed by the delay and the lack of communication. how about providing a status update?
how is the progress so far? was hoping for a more regular update from you guys, like at least once a week. but so far we have been left hanging for a least 2 weeks at a time.
hey guys, will i be getting my iblazrs by november at least? i've been patiently waiting for it and am really excited for it but the delay is really, really disappointing...
so i can expect my iblazrs to be shipped by october end atleast?  i am so excited to get them. but the delay is quite disappointing.
so in your last official update on the manufacturing process it was said that you are awaiting shipment of materials.  and now i come to know in the comments that the shipping date is mid october. won't it be better if we get an update on the manufacturing process?? maybe a start of production dairy part 2??
@viral thanks for a patience, we've changed your color to a white one. the shipping window will be opened approx. in 12 days. once the shipment is sent, in a few days (up to 5 days) every backer will receive the tracking number. we will create a page on our website where you can track the parcel. @sebastien & kris see above comment.
dying to get the product... when will it be shipped?
what is the shipping fate ?
https://deals.idownloadblog.com/sales/iblazr-2-bundle <-- i guess you can get you extra ones here..
ok so guys whats the new shipping date?  and if possible please change my color pref to white. its black right now.
@andrew that's true and we appreciate every contribution to our project that has been made since july and within the first campaign for original iblazr. about a few hundred people asked us how to make a pledge after the campaign is ended, so we've decided to give an access to an ig part of early adopters community. andrew - you, and 3420 of those who pledged for iblazr 2 campaign made the project a reality and become a part of our team, and this is real benefit. very soon you will see iblazr 2 available in big retail chains around the globe. and we believe, it's awesome to see the project you supported there.
@maxi you are right.  i saw it too b$5 cheaper and free shipping? i bought another one let's see which arrives first.
@creator - in all due respect and fairness the indiegogo pricing is exactly the same (us$59) for the full kickstarter pack. okay so you may ship it a month later than ks - but you have had the benefit of my and thousands of others money since july. think many of us backed you at this price thinking there was some net benefit for doing so.
@maxi see below comments. shipping window will be opened in the mid of october. all other deals / pre-orders (non-kickstarter) will be shipped later.
@andrew j fry, consider this as pre-orders from our website, the indiegogo price is $5 above than the kickstarter was at the beginning and also the shipping would fulfilled in november with web-site pre-orders. all kickstarter rewards will be sent according to our schedule in the mid of october as we mentioned within previous updates. @viral it's sad to hear that you were having intentions to use the iblazr 2 in your sep trip, but from the very beginning of the ks campaign we have been mentioning the end of september as a shipping date, and in september we announced a new shipping date.
hey guys, what is the deal now? https://stacksocial.com/sales/iblazr-2-bundle are you guys ready to ship?
just had this flash up from indiegogo - https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/iblazr-2-wireless-led-flash-for-ios-and-android--2/x/9345282#/ seems that could have got the exactly same price there - without having been committed months ago. so much for supporting and valuing kickstarter backers and yet no updates on delivery . . . . .
team iblazer, my entire purpose of buying this flash is defeated. i had to use it for trips planned in sept. and now its already oct. with no signs of shipment. i want a full refund on this order. please just cancel my order and process the refund.
thanks!
@bruce were you sending an additional cable via paypal? if yes, we've got your payment. @thomas, yes, according to our confirmed schedule. @cheng refund had been processed on the day we have sent you the message. now add 5-7 days to the bank operations. you will see your funds back to your account shortly.
team iblazr is so unreliable
iblazr team , no respond again, you guys said you will refund within 24 hour and till now it's been pass 3 days already ??
iblazr team, yes you guys did pm me after weeks of silents and did request me for more information from me after which no news from you guys for another weeks. if i did not post here i don't think you guys even bother to reply and you guys find excuses not to do refund . if you guys really into refunding me the money why not expedite the process and not let your customer wait for month and no news ?
i increased my pledge to cover the cost of a charging cable but have not received any confirmation of that addition. is there any way i can receive that confirmation that a cable will be included with my 2 light order? thank you.
shipping address confirmed. you may send the flash. ;-)
cheng, we have a conversation in pm, where we asked you to provide an additional information, please, do not post duplicate comments to our main page, because there are people who may face difficulties to find an answer for the own question. your request will be resolved as soon as possible. thanks again.
guys again you guys delay the refund process been a month already !!
guys again you guys delay the refund process been a month already !!
guys again you guys delay the refund process been a month already !!
guys again you guys delay the refund process been a month already !!
@creator  what is the shipping method? what will ship in time around?
hope to get it by the end of this month
guys again you guys delay the refund process been a month already !!
as i was changing the shipping address last night i discovered the other details are now locked in. is it too late to change colours in my order? many thanks!
:)   :p
guys you been delaying the refund process
i would like to add 2 more iblazr2. how should i go about to get more ?.
@victor chan you don`t need to buy an additional cold shoe mount - it goes by default in every backer-package :) @jaybeom ng, @leandro tempra please read our last update - we plan to ship in the mid october. @edward lo exactly, each item goes with full pack of accessories.  @marsha tyszler we will contact you personally :) @cheng chang heng please don`t worry, we will refund the money as we promised to. @henry tan, @joshykyll , @ch liew  thank you for understanding and support!
before people get crazy here is a reminder and read carefully, this is from the terms of use when you create the account in kickstarter. so read and i believe they have been informing dilegently what is happening, and yes september is ending, but if they haven't being informing us, they are not making their part, and many creators don't get that. when they submit their product to almost everyone is that they are saving their ass supporting that they have done the agreement. but if you need to shout "show me my money" (yes, not "show me the money") you can request only if they haven't inform, and really i'm not defending them, i t has happen that many creators only give you crap instead of the projects they ask and as many times they don't show anything and your money has being given to stupid people. if you need your money what not sending an email and try to do it that way. but anyway you decided, good luck. here is the extract form the terms of use: 4 how it works. most of our terms of use explain your relationship with kickstarter. this section is different — it explains the relationship between creators and backers of kickstarter projects, and who’s responsible for what. this is what you’re agreeing to when you create or back a kickstarter project. when a project is successfully funded, the creator must complete the project and fulfill each reward. once a creator has done so, they’ve satisfied their obligation to their backers. throughout the process, creators owe their backers a high standard of effort, honest communication, and a dedication to bringing the project to life. at the same time, backers must understand that when they back a project, they’re helping to create something new — not ordering something that already exists. there may be changes or delays, and there’s a chance something could happen that prevents the creator from being able to finish the project as promised. if a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they’ve failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. to right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers. a creator in this position has only remedied the situation and met their obligations to backers if: they post an update that explains what work has been done, how funds were used, and what prevents them from finishing the project as planned; they work diligently and in good faith to bring the project to the best possible conclusion in a timeframe that’s communicated to backers; they’re able to demonstrate that they’ve used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised; they’ve been honest, and have made no material misrepresentations in their communication to backers; and they offer to return any remaining funds to backers who have not received their reward (in proportion to the amounts pledged), or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form. the creator is solely responsible for fulfilling the promises made in their project. if they’re unable to satisfy the terms of this agreement, they may be subject to legal action by backers. 6. stuff we don’t do and aren’t responsible for we don’t oversee projects’ performance, and we don’t mediate disputes between users. kickstarter isn’t liable for any damages or losses related to your use of the services. we don’t become involved in disputes between users, or between users and any third party relating to the use of the services. we don’t oversee the performance or punctuality of projects, and we don’t endorse any content users submit to the site. when you use the services, you release kickstarter from claims, damages, and demands of every kind — known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosed — arising out of or in any way related to such disputes and the services. all content you access through the services is at your own risk. you’re solely responsible for any resulting damage or loss to any party.
it's still september month guys. pls only complain after 30th sep.
@henry tan total amount : usd $239
@henry tan dear iblazr, i would still want a full refund instead. and will not receive any package from you guys. due to last min delay. i'm cool at backing when it's not delay. and "no" i was not inform when i back it. please refund asap. please keep me inform. thanks
@cheng chang heng in the first place, i already mention it will be delay in some how. be cool in backing ok. you are not the 1st time backing in ks.
@edward lo. it come with micro-usb cable, mount clip, cold shoe mount, diffuser, key clasp as default for us in each set.
if people read carefully it's not a shopping page, it's not amazon it's a crowdfunding page where you invest and what you do when invest it could also lose money, and if you don't like it don't try it the projects that are here and on indiegogo have delays always, if you don't like that don't take a risk. it's better to wait. if by any chance you still need your money. the creators are not required to give back your money, good people have return money but it's difficult, this is even in the politics of kikstarter. if you go to curt it could happen to give your money back, but it will take time, but it is also difficult because you have to blame kick starter because of their politics. but talk to them and send an email. they will understand. but you also have to comprehend that this is not a page taut you buy products.
and by the way, expected delivery was september, and we are only sept 5! your expectations were a bit off, don't you think?
@cheng chan wen kickstarter doesn't really work like that!
i would want to get a full refund on my 5 unit of iblazr 2 and 3 unit of cable total: usd$239 as i expected it to be use for my september trip , but due to delay of shipment i'm not able to use it . kindly revert
hi there.  just want to confirm, i order 3 units.  i believe each unit will get 1 mount, 1 cold shoe mount, 1 charger and 1 key chain right? th
@iblazr, any chance that someone can try re-sending the e-mail to me? or maybe you could send the information to my kickstarter inbox? pretty please?! i'd hate to miss out -- i'm arguably your #1 fan, after all! :-d
i quote what iblzr team says "please stay tuned on our next update in a couple of days. the shipping is planned on october." so let's wait for the update and pray they make it on september.
its sept iblazr team.. is there any estimated date for me to get the flash? thanks
when will we be receiving our stuff?
dear iblazr team, i am a backer and i pledged the option with 1 iblazr + flexible changer.  i plan to use to the iblazr with dslr, do i need to purchase a cold shoe in addition to my option? if so, can i buy it here along with my pledge?
@ignacio garcia, jr.      shotlight app works on  ios and android, no windows phone yet. but you can always use iblazr2 in a constant light mode - no synchronization required.    @dilon lee     of course, you can adjust the iblazr's brightness and temperature separately for each unit. @kenneth ong     we have received your additional 10$ for a flexible charger, thank you. @djerk geurts     nearly 20 min as a video light. it`s not water-resistant so you should be careful. @kelvin hii       of course, we will save your info.  @mobilebomb     it`s not spotlight, it`s shotlight, please try again. @marsha tyszler     we have sent all the required emails, so don't even know what`s the problem in :( thank you for the ideas, we are working on it! @joshykyll       please stay tuned on our next update in a couple of days. the shipping is planned on october.
@josh: scroll down a little, and it seems the creator mentioned the items will be shipped in the end of the september-early october.
we are getting closer to september or we are on september, how everything is doing?
we are getting closer to september or we are on september, how everything is doing?
@iblazr, when i filled out my kickstarter survey last week, there was a space to add my e-mail if i want to get additional products at the kickstarter price . . . but i still haven't received any such e-mail yet (and i checked my spam folder). has the information been sent out yet? i don't want to miss it! @iblazr and everyone, i suggested that iblazr should join forces with moment months ago! it seems like a logical marriage of products! even if the current cliip is tight now, maybe iblazr could release one that will fit the moment case perfectly at a later date. i also hope that iblazr functionality will be integrated in moment's ios app, and that moment will do the same for iblazr's app. i'd also love to see them work with the following companies/campaigns: the dash by bragi, zano drone, micro drone 3.0, and lumenati cs1 cinematic smartcase. i'm sure i'll think of more, but these are suggestions i've suggested to iblazr in the past. wink, wink -- make it happen!! ;-d
cannot find spotlight app on thailand ios app store. does the app only available in the usa?
can i choose multiple color ? i just answer the survey and wish to change my choice of color. hi can i choose to have 2 pearl grey, 2 white and 1 black color?  total 5 thanks
survey not very clear about the additional flexible chargers added to the pledge
if i have more than 2iblazrs, can shotlight adjust the iblazr's brightness and temperature separately? if not, will it plan to add in the future? it's very useful for advanced user.
hi, i have pledged 5 iblazr 2. based on recent survey i can't choose multiple color. i need 2 pearl grey, 2 white and 1 black. please advise. thanks
just wondering. how long will the battery last if used as a video light? how careful should one be with water? i'm assuming it won't be water proof...
am i wrong to think i shouldn't have any issues using the iblazr2 with my windows phone? can someone please confirm that? i'd appreciate it. thanks.
@jeff zirker that`s right, jeff, thank you! @nghia dam yes, cold shoe, mount goes by default in every backer-package. @john vanderlans we will understand that this additional 30$ is for 3 flexible chargers.  @ken chan cold shoe mount goes by default in every backer-package, so you will receive it undoubtedly.  @ch liew :) @sandra clips will be colored too.  @andrew j fry the items will be shipped in the end of the september-early october.
maybe i've missed this somewhere: are all clips black? or will the white iblazr come with a white mounting clip?
i increased my pledge a number of weeks ago based on the promotion.  i'm assuming that's all i need to do?
i was left with the impression that cold shoe mount comes included with my pledge (early bird 45$). can you confirm if this is still true?
i just completed the survey. where do we respond for the flexible charges? i increased my pledge by $30 for 3.
if you are only ordering long-lead items now. this implies that you will not be shipping in september. i assume long lead items have a linder than 5 week delivery time. (in my industrial sector a long-lead item is usually a 6 month or longer order item)
can i get a cold shoe for iblazr2 shipped with my pledge? dont want to pay extra shipping cost to hong kong.
i have received the survey. thanks again
+1 regarding the integration with the moment case. normally, the iblazr should fit the case.  tightly but it should work. let's hope this will be confirmed :-)
@joshy/henry it's our second iblazr campaign and we are not intended to delay the production (the same within the first campaign when we have shipped all devices in time). pictures from the factory will be posted soon.
@joshykyll  just speaking from my experience in backing ks projects
@joshykyll always be prepare to have 1-6 mths delayed. there will be always a delayed in circuitry, custom, design problem and etc.
so following the idea so far, we will expect ibiza on september, but there is no delay? no problem at all, i still don't believe it, always is something. but if that's true, how about an update or maybe some pictures of the process.
i've joined as a beta user and installed the free version of the app but i haven't seen anything about the beta version update. is this because the email address i use for my kickstarter account is not the same as the one i use on my android phone?
integration with the moment case would make this undeniably epic, fwiw.
@iblazr team, please work together with moment lens/case kickstarter project... it would be great to be able to take greater pics with the help of ur led flash device
i did join the beta group and hit the link there before sending the comment. not doing anything for me. maybe i should try again later.
as i posted in the comments on the update, my note 4 did download the app. just need to join the beta program before you can hit the link to download the app. thing is the app is constantly focusing, never stops.
@laura, no, it works with samsung too of course. let us check this issue.
google play is telling me that the shotlight app is not compatible with my samsung note, and would not allow me to install at all. does this mean only nexus phones could download and use shotlight?
@fahad, please contact support@iblazr.com or just send us a message via kickstarter's pm. @cc218826, the final survey would be sent out right before the shipping.
how can i submit my deliver address？
i want to add 3 flexible chargers for iblazr 2 in my existing pledge and want to change delivery address. please let me know how to do it.
@mark - you can use iblazr 2 with beastgrip pro using the cold shoe mount that goes with every kickstarter shipment. @fahad - we will use singapore post / hk post to deliver goods (ordinary mail).  @henry yes, you are absolutely right. @roy - shipping is scheduled as mentioned before.  @dilon - yes, we will release the api to sync the iblazr 2 with 3rd party apps, as within the original iblazr. @fahad, just send us the message to support@iblazr.com, we will guide you how to add a charger to pledge. @albert, your payment was successfully collected, so you don't need to worry about that. it's a one time payment. @michael - thanks a lot for a feedback, we are resolving this issue. @tuan - the most brightest mode when all the leds are setup cold.
@iblazr lab i'm not sure if you've answered this question earlier, but can you tell me how the iblazr 2 will attach to the beastgrip pro. will i need to buy an attachment to make the attachment?
we do not have direct delivery at home by our local postal service in uae. are you guys sending the hub through courier service or normal postal service. in case it is normal postal service then i need to remove my address and have to add po box number for delivery. please reply in both cases.
@dilonlee if i'm not wrong, the only way to sync multi iblazr is using shotlight app.  and also using as a flash, you need shotlight app. but if you use it as a constant flood light, you can use any app. constant flood light is activate on the device itself.
sory to ask,is it already deliver yet..?
except native camera app and shotlight, can iblazr 2 work full functions with 3rd party camera apps? thank you...
how can i add flexible charger in my existing pledge? i can not find a way to pm you guys.
a little concerned. the charge on my credit card shows: recurring payment kickstarter iblazr 2 why does this show as a recurring payment?
@terry: this new version uses a micro usb connector, whilst the previous version used a standard stereo plug. with that said it is safe to say that the charging cable for last version won't work with the new one.
will the charger from first iblazr work for this one?
shotlight does not work with first generation iblazr. shutter won't stop making photos. have to kill app to stop it. original iblazr app works fine. i have iphone 6 in japan.
congrats! just wondering if the flash is brightest when it's the warmer or cooler colour or the middle spot ...
@karen thank you very much! your support is highly appreciated! @vincent yes, it is possible, just send us a pm. @marsha thanks again for your infinite support! we have just launched our new webstore, so there is an option to pre-order the iblazr 2 in all colors and also accessories. check it out: http://shop.iblazr.com @david, if you have any questions, ping us at pm. @desmond, unfortunately its too late to adjust pledges, but anyway you can also pre-order a flexible arm, just send us a message to pm. @fredrick - thanks! yes it depends on the smartphone, will it survive or not :) but we didn't have any issues on that! @roy, to turn it to the charging - yes, you should connect it into a usb port, if you want to use it standalone, it will work great too. @dzianis yes! thanks for that!
congratulations on your wildly successful campaign!  i'm very excited and look forward to getting my iblazr2 when it's done!  karen
hello, is it still possible to get the flexible charger? unfortunately i didn't see the update email until now. i would like to get 2 of them. thanks
hi, i updated my pledge by 55$ for another iblazer and a flexible charger, thank you!
@fredrik baberg, thanks for confirming that iblazr2 will work with a windows phone, and let me know if i can help you develop an app for windows 10. although i'm not a developer myself, i'm sure there something that i can lend a hand with. you can reach me at igjr@live.com
@iblazer: awaiting your reply to my query pl. !
woohoo! congrats to the iblazr team on getting the green kickstarter light! all systems go! :-d by the way, are you using backerkit? i fell asleep before deciding if i wanted to add another to my order. hopefully, you'll have a way for us to revise our decisions!
hey! i am backer #1! cool, loved my first one, till the headphone jack broke :( happy this one is happening!
i need to withdraw my pledge at this time please. thank you. david greditzer,  greditzer@gmail.com
tried to add $10 to my $45 pledge but failed. any advise?
just decided to switch from the kickstarter pledge to the double iblazr pack (slightly more shipping, otherwise same price i think?) and added the flexible charger while i'm at it, hoping that it is as good as you say :) you say the flexible charger should be able to hold a (heavy?) smartphone also, will the smartphone connector survive this? @ignacio garcia, jr., regarding windows phone app i haven't read about any current plans (i'm currently a lumia 1520 user). however there was a windows phone app for first iblazr (i wrote one, iblazr later published a much better one :) ). if i have time i expect to write a camera app for windows 10 supporting iblazr2 (perhaps also iblazr1), but i can't guarantee it to be beautiful or when it could be ready, but i expect the required hardware to be there.
how does the flexible charger stand? does it have to be plugged into a usb port or can it be clipped to a desk or has it a weighted freestanding base?
i just added $10 to my pledge to include the flexible charger.
i'm a windows phone user (nokia lumia 925) running 8.1 (soon to be 10). taking a closer look, i'm concerned about compatibility. i'm hoping i don't have to back out of my pledge.
just wanted to chime in on the silicone clip with the request that it be made a smudge bigger. the case for my phone also connects lenses, would hate to have to choose lenses or flash.
i bought the iblazr last year and it help me a lot on my vacation. i'm lucky that someone back out the early bird special $45, also i added $10 for the flexible charger. altogether $55.
i'm excited to back this project, and looking forward to using iblazr along with the flexible charger. it's a perfect match for beastgrip pro.
double tapping back of iblazr flashes it, and takes photo if bt connected with smartphone. what about the constant on video light mode, how is that activated? suggestion: to turn on video mode, double tap + hold to turn it on, same again to turn off. and for the touch sensor on back, make horizontal swipe change color temperature, while vertical swipe change light intensity (for video mode only, photo flash should always use highest lux).
updated my pledge by $30 for 3 flexible chargers. can't wait to get the products in-hand! thanks!
hi, guys! i pledged $69. will you identify it as a flash + 2 chargers? thanks!
i've add $10 for the flexible charger.  any chance to see support for windows 10 mobile?
@gary it's additional accessory that can help your transform the iblazr to a table lamp or a keybord lightener, other people use it to have better lighted macro shots and etc.
i am not clear about the function of the flexible charger. is this to "charge" or power the iblazr. if i don't add the additional $10, i will not be able to use the flash?
i just added $30 to my order for adding three flexible chargers to my order! pretty excited
@greatlich yes, they are! you can order one by adding additional $10 to your pledge or by choosing a reward with the flexible charger ($59 tier).
what is the price of the flexible charger ?  the video footage shows two flash during food shooting, are those the flexible chargers?
@greatlich absolutely. flash should be paired with a phone.  @ronald we tested it with s6 edge and it performs very well.
@iblazr lab (creator) have you guys tested it using samsung's newest device (say s6 or s6 edge)? will it not cover/block the sensors in front of the devce in situations using the front camera? hope to hear from you. thanks and congrats for a successful project.
@iblazr - thanks. so the only way to trigger the flash is via bluetooth, correct ?
@greatlich - no, it doesn't need any physical connection (via mount) to be fired on. all goes thru wirelessly bluetooth.  if you are using more than 1 flash, all they can be paired within the shotlight app. @martin - triple thanks to you! if your tripod can hold the flash, why not? mounting shoe is designed especially for dslr cameras. @danny - 117 points go to your karma :) @jerel - our clip is only an addition to iblazr (just to have a better holding). you can use the flash in hands or mounting it somewhere else, i believe even your case is thicker than the mount range it will not be an issue for you, because the iblazr 2 device is really multifunctional. @richard thanks! @tom don't have such plans in the nearest future, but consider something in the latest. @bruce thanks goes to beast grip too :) sure it will be a full guide very soon and also you can use whether you want double flash (iblazr + native), just iblazr flash or just the native one.
if i am using more than 1 flash, does one of them need to be mounted on the iphone in order to trigger the others? or all of them can be separated from the iphone and still be triggered by the phone?
i'm getting 3 of these babies for food photography, question is can i mount them on mini tripods? does it require special mounting shoe?
@iblazr lab: pledged +117 (including $7 shipping charges) for two iblazr 2 pack with 2 flexible chargers.
ugh...after reading "sinerge's" comments, i realized my iphone 6+ with case is .44"! any chance you guys can make a mounting clip that's a little more forgiving for (the vast majority of us with) cased phones? really don't want to cancel my support, but having to purchase a new slimmer case or risk potential damage by going (phone) naked is so unappealing. help!
just realized my iphone case is just over 0.4" thick so i can't use the clip.  was hopping to use this more with a gopro but doesn't look that's going to work.  $45 early bird slot will open in 3...2...1... go!
looking forward to this. added $20 for two flexible chargers.
hi, do you plan also to make the app iwatch compatible, this would be very helpfull?
@iblazr lab: pledged +155 for triple iblazr pack with 3 flexible chargers. can't wait to get my hands on it!
@iblazr lab: pledged +110 for two iblazr 2 pack with 2 flexible chargers. excited to receive them soon!
hi, i pledged an addition $50 for the flexible charger.
@iblazr lab: thanks for the reply. already +110 pledge for an extra double iblazr pack with 2 flexible chargers. can't wait for it !  :d
hi, i pledged an addition $10 for the flexible charger.
except native camera app and shotlight, can iblazr 2 work full function with 3rd party camera apps? thank you
hello, i just added $ 10.00 to my pledge for the flexible charger
really looking forward to getting these. i added $20 to my pledge to get 2 charging cables. i assume the can be wrapped around a post to use as a mount for using off phone/camera. i signed on after another kickstarter i am part of, the beastgrip pro mentioned you guys. for the camera, will you be posting instructions on use anywhere? i have figured it out but it will be useful for those new to manual camera apps on their phones. also, can you have to on phone flash fire along with your led lights? i plan on doing some creative shooting and can't tell if your photo app will fire both. thanks again!
@gabriele rizzo: thanks for the info. @iblazr lab: i have added 10$ to my early bird pledge for the flexible charger. @leonard row: those are flexible chargers you can use it in various functions.
in the food photo, there are stands holding the back two lights, what are those? i was wondering how we could suspend our lights for shots like that?
@sujit 10$ for the flexible charger
hi,  i am a early bird backer, how much should i add fir the flexible charger?
@creator can you see if its possible to use a higher cri leds?
is it possible to connect with gopro to take photos?
what's the life hours of these leds ?
@john, yes, absolutely! @fred finally you are with us, the moment case exceeds our maximum range, but it anyway should work as we said before. thanks for a feedback! @kevin +1 to karma! @george the phone might have a case up to range we mentioned in tech specs on our page. 0.24" to 0.37" (6 mm to 9.5 mm) wide. but if you have a bigger case, you can always sync the iblazr 2 and use it not mounting to the smartphone. (i.e. holding it in hands). @sam thanks for such a big pledge! yes, you will get all the pack including accessories and in order to add 2 iblazr more (double pack), just add $90 to your pledge! @jerel - thanks! you will have a chance to choose whether color you prefer. this question will be in the survey that is going to be sent after the campaign. and don't think, take 3 chargers! @kate - even best friend :) @marsha - 1000 times thank you from all team of ours. you are helping us a lot! @maice thanks! we are thinking on this, and let the community know the updates first.
i just backed the double pack. is it true if i add $20 i can get two flexible chargers?
i just backed a kickstarter special + a flexible charger and very excited to be part of this. i have also backed the moment case for the iphone 6 and although there is a slight difference in max size (9,5mm for the iblazr versus 9,93mm for the moment case), i have been told that the iblazr should be able to be put on the case which combined, will make it a great camera!!! :-)
excited about this! added $20 for two flexible chargers.
so to mount the iblazr 2 the phone cannot have s case on correct?
i just backed an advanced iblazr pack and have two questions. q1. is this means i can get 5 sets of accessories (micro-usb charger, mount clip, cold shoe mount, key clasp, and silicon diffuser)? q2. if i want to back one more double iblazr pack, how should i do ?
brilliant product! just snagged a 3-pack and now i'm on the fence on how many $10 flexible stands to get. at the campaign's conclusion, will there be an opportunity to add them a la cart when we pick the color of the flashes? also, since i'm getting the 3-pack, can i pick any combination of colors (i.e. one space gray, two black ones), or am i limited to just choosing a single color for all three? thanks!
nevermind! ctrl+f is your friend lol. added $10.
hi! i just snagged the last early bird iblazr (lucky me!) but i'd also like to buy a kickstarter pack to get a flexible stand. how can i do that?
thank you for replying. that did provide the answer i was looking for. kinda fishy though, considering that the iphone is made of aluminium yet bluetooths just fine.
@vincent wong, i am a campaign backer who asked the team the same question, so i hope you don't mind my answering your question since i already was told. they explained that the iblazr 2 casings must all be plastic this time because of the new bluetooth feature that they integrated. they said an aluminum casing would not allow the signal to reliably pass through whereas there would be a solid signal with plastic. however, the team said they'll be using a strong, high-grade plastic so that it'll look nice and be strong. my original iblazr was the plastic, and to be honest, it has held up perfectly fine. i had wanted to buy the aluminum because the light could produce better results, but i figured they might upgrade at some point and ended up getting the plastic version to save some money. the plastic really was strong -- and i'd imagine that the iblazr 2's plastic will be even better than the first. i hope this answer helps you understand!
i apologise if this has been answered already: is the iblazr 2 made of plastic only? while i haven't been using it very much, i prefer the aluminium iblazr 1 to the plastic one.
i wish you should have to add gopro... connect to iblazr :(
i, too, would like to see you use led's with cri>90 like the nichia's. i have them in all my custom flashlights and love them.
the thickness of the smartphone there 11㎜. although that can be mounted thickness is up to 9.5㎜, or is mounted impossible? also, i think there is a possible method of attachment?
@albert lee miller iii  it`s a special designed for iblazr² plastic mold, however, without ability to screw on a tripod mount. pic is here - https://ksr-ugc.imgix.net/assets/003/985/317/c86654848e9925f93ce1b0728d270792_original.png… there is no hotshoe option since it`s totally different technology need to be used, iblazr² is not support it yet and there is no chance to simply `put` it in existing model idea. buy next generations of iblazr maybe. @stuart since we don`t have sony rx100 m4 for test, we can`t guarantee, but theoretically yes - but notice, that to take a photo you need to double tap on the back of the iblazr² housing, not the button in the sony rx100 m4 app. @midhun sreekumar menon we're trying to answer to all of the questions, please tell what have we missed.
@creator awesome. will be great if the light can be made to have an led with cri>90. it'll greatly amplify the quality of the photos. and would you please answer all queries and not just selected queries?
will it have sony rx100 m4 app?
@zhi september 2015, it's written in the campaign section
never mind, i found that you have to add $10 per cable - thx
question; i've backed the double iblazr pack, does it include the flexi charger & all mounts or just the iblazer flashes?
hi, i curious about when we will receive the product?
@keith already told by creator, only black
does the cold shoe mount and mount clip comes in white as well?
will this iblazer shoe mount have the ability to screw on to a standard tripod mount, or will it be a simple plastic mold like the last one. second, will the hotshoe mount have the hardware connection to sync with a camera flash like a full sized flash unit? the second question is really pushing it, but i was just curious.
@kai kee we don't use magnets in iblazr², so there is no possibility to mount iblazr²s to a metal surface @mohammad jamaluddin thanks again for your awesome support and kind words:)  function you`re requested will be available also! @jacques lavallee thank you for your support! @marsha tyszler thanks again for your kind and catch words, we really appreciate it and totally agreed with your thoughts! :) also thanks for your offer, we will definitely take it on mind!
@iblazr, just thanking you for taking the time to answer me! when i really like a product, i take the time to consider what would really be useful to me in the next hardware/software update. that's why i love kickstsrter -- backers can share ideas, and many of them end up being added to the product! i appreciate your explanations and look forward to seeing some of my wish list in the final iblazr 2! if i think of anything else, i'll be in touch. also, if you ever need an experienced hardware/software beta tester, a consumer to write an honest review, or anything else, i'd happily volunteer -- you can always send me a message through kickstarter. it's funny because iblazr 2 seems like a small, simple product on the surface, but it really is going to be packed with tons of useful features. this means it'll be perfect for casual users who simply want a simple point-and-shoot flash, but it's also perfect for power users like me who are passionate about mobile photography/videography and will benefit from its robust features. products like iblazr 2 make me feel confident that peripheral hardware will someday enable mobile phones to capture equally crisp results as dslr's and hd video cams. i also backed the moment lens and gazer campaigns, which both are amazing. there are lots of cheap, gimmicky iphone lenses and other gadgets, which might be fine for some people. however, i applaud companies like yours that seek to develop top-quality hardware and software that are affordable and yield amazing results. so keep working hard and know that your backers appreciate your efforts! i love my iblazr, and i can't wait to use it together with my iblazr 2! :-)
hi iblazr team,  i've read the comments. and it's now my turn to add $30 to my pledge. i'm please to wait three flexible cables in addition to my initial order.  thanks!
would stay updated on the clips! =) else it's gonna be pointless getting it =(
hi iblazr team, this is instagram user jyn13th. i have requested for color temperature control for the iblazr, which you're delivering with this iblazr2, which is excellent! my next request is the ability to control the power or flash duratiom of each iblazr2 connected via the app, as how photographers control their off camera flashes (eg 1/8 power for flash a, 1/1 for flash b & 1/6 power for flash c). for creative lighting purposes. and it is how i intend to use iblazr2 as well. and i also got myself 2 original iblazrs, cause i couldn't wait.
hi, are you able to make the back of iblazr 2, magnetic, so that i can mount it to a metal surface?
@peter thanks, now you will for sure receive those chargers also. as for additional options, check out our new updates! @nick thanks for the awesome feedback! unfortunately iblazr can't work as the external trigger for canon flashes, because of different design principles.  the flash speed is 0.3 seconds, while it needs about a few seconds to recharge that makes impossible to take fast burst photos. in this case, you will be able to shoot in a constant light mode alternatively. @rafael thanks for your question - we didn't decide but still think about adding additional clips later - check out iblazr's updates.
an important question. since most of us here are using phone cases, is the mount able to support a wide variety of phone cases? all the pics shown are mounted on a naked phone.
hello, great job to the new iblazr version and features!! can you please comment if this iblazr can trigger external camera flashes like canon speedlites? also, what is the flash sync speed per photo? can this iblazr keep up with multiple flash exposures when using fast shutter option (when taking burst photos)?
hi, i just added $20 to the pledge amount to get two flexible cables for my double pack. have you considered adding something to the pledge options that spells that out? i found it in these comments. thanks!
@kao pao-tang thank you for the support! just add 10 usd for each additional flexible charger to your pledge amount.
hi, i am backer of the triple pack.  it is possible to buy the flexible charger arm on top of that?
@bakky at the moment we do have black only color for mounts as within previous versions.
iblazr 2 has 3 color option, is mount same?
@gabriele rizzo, @matthew cooper: you will be able to check the battery on iblazr itself, by pushing the button for three seconds and it will show the battery level by the number of leds (e.x. 4led’s = fully charged, 1led's = discharged). the same goes to the charging process, iblazr is showing the leds while charging.  another and a more accurate way to check the battery level is to open the shotlight app and check it there. @ kaoru nakamura: thanks for the suggestion! we provide cold shoe mount with every iblazr. it works as a stand to use iblazr in constant light mode. dxo might work only the case they will use our sdk in their app. we will contact them for the potential co-op. regarding the stretch goals: at the beginning we were thinking about adding some new stuff for our backers as: - free silicon diffuser  - free cold shoue mount  - new flexible charger but then we thought that it would be better to present all our accessories from the start and make a higher goal of $70k. we still working and have some new features to incorporate before the start of mass production. @darren ang it will! @daren han the flexible stands are different in the 1st and 2nd generation, so you can't use the charger from the first version, because it has a different charging port. the charger costs additional $10 that can be added to the pledge. @tuan actually not, the case color will not affect the light output. and as for a burst mode, the device itself has this mode and you can easily active it by pressing the button for 3 seconds (when the leds are turned on) @kaoru if you sync all iblazr devices in the shotlight app they will.
@gabriele rizzo no reason they could not do both :) on body for rough visual indication in app for accurate dod percentage win win
no stretch goals?
cool, as a suggestion what if the leds could change colors like blue and red with a press of the button to give cool effects!
it does can be taken with double tap if you have two sets?
the tall charging stand for iblazer 1 can be used for version 2 of iblazer ? how much does the stand cost if it cannot be used??
forgot to ask ... will color of iblazrs have any effect at all on the light output?
hello just wondering if the shotlight app will support burst mode? i tend to do macro photos and use burst in hopes to capture that one sharp image. wishing you guys the best (just pledged for 2 iblazrs with flexible stands)
thanks for answering my question!  anyway, will this work well with the beast grip pro?! :)
@creator awesome. will be great if the light can be made to have an led with cri>90. it'll greatly amplify the quality of the photos.
@matthew cooper i honestly think that using the light on the back, that one of the little thunder could be the deal: - blinking light means charging - solid light means fully charged so it should gradually turn from flashing to solid. a "breathing animation" showing how much time it needs to be fully charged would be also really appreciated. my question though was wether we can actually know the charging state or not, @creator, take this comment right here as a suggestion.
great question about a charge indicator, on body might be a little tough but in app would be great
@creator will we be able to see if the battery of the iblazr2 is fully charged? can i understand whether it is fully charged or not by the light behind the flash?
do you also compatible with external mounting of the camera for the iphone, such as, for example, 『d × o one』？
@alexander blackwell sorry for skipping your questions, we had to take a bit more time to provide you with more detailed answer. yes, iblazr 2 will work with power banks and you will not fry it :) there is a hardware protection inside, it will take the necessary amount automatically. usb is located on the bottom of the the device and  it's one of the design features, believe, it is complex inside :) @jackson hiew, @kenneth ong, @juan carlos santana, @edward lo during our first campaign we declared only iblazr flash and during our campaign gradually added stretch goals. this time we decided to analyse what additional accessories and functions can we add and have provided you with all iblazr possibilities from the very beginning. for more accessories and features we are a bit limited with the resources right now. but we still work and think on the improvements. stay with us and we will not disappoint you :) @midhun sreekumar menon the cri rating of the led is 80. @darren ang there is only option to get an additional 15.75 inches (400 mm) long flexible cable with any reward, just add 10 usd to your pledge and let us know about this in questionary, that will be sent after campaign is finished. thanks for your support!
@marsha thanks a lot marsha for getting back to us with such a detailed feedback. 1. the flexible charger, diffusers, a cold shoe mount and other accessories are different, because the new iblazr 2 has a different shape and a form-factor, that’s why our team was designed the each accessory from scratch. 2. by the way the native ios app has the ability to zoom video while shooting it, we’ve just tried, and of course in future updates this ability will appear in a shotlight companion app.  regarding the horizontal shooting and other new features we will post a survey with awaited features and incorporate the most useful from the list. 3) our spotlight app is designed specially for photographers and videographers. it is planned to be launched in upcoming weeks.  also we’ll waiting for your top picks at info@iblazr.com 4) due to some technical limitations - this time there won’t be an aluminum one. but as you see we made a plastic space gray. 5) with help of our new spotlight app spotlight you will be able to use the original iblazr and iblazr 2 simultaneously, the new software will identify the older and newer versions. it’s already working feature. moreover, you can activate the native flash to have a triple power. 6) the mount clip or a cold shoe can be carried with you on a key-chain, but we recommend to use them together carefully, because they are made of plastic parts. 7) that’s the important question we were thinking about for a long time, and have decided to provide more clear touch-sensor using experience instead of a big logo on the back covering the sensor. will promote the “flash sign” as our short version of logo :) 8) it’s again a great question and we discussed this before the ks campaign inside the team. the iblazr 2 is able to receive a signal from the app and give the needed amount of light based on what’s camera seeing. but there are some issue inside the software - we will keep our community updated on this. it’s realizable. we are always happy to answer any question or receive a feedback related to the product and a team. just drop us a line.
or extend the mount to 1.1cm bigger case
order 3! stretch goal to upgrade the mount to allow angel movement!
+1 on the bike light mount
what about a mount that can turn this into a bike light
how much for the cable alone? or how much more do i add to my pledge for the cable?
@marsha: 1. the cables aren't compatible, original blazer had 3.5mm jack as charger, iblazr 2 has a micro usb charger. 3. their api is open, so other app developers can take advantage of iblazr, some have already for iblazr 1. 4. casings are plastic.
@creator a suggestion for stretch goal is to use leds with higher cri rating. itll be an awesome addition..
@creator what is the cri rating of the led?
would there be any stretched goals?
thanks for your reply to my questions, but you skipped all of them.
i'm so glad to see a new iblazr with so many cool features!! if you don't mind, i have some q's and feedback . . . 1) is the flex charger from my first iblazr compatible with iblazr 2? maybe you could add this to the faq's on your ks page because many people who own the first flex may be wondering the same thing. same question for the diffusers from the first iblazr: will they fit on the iblazr 2? 2) when you make your app, is there any chance you can incorporate the ability to zoom when shooting vids? (the native ios cam doesn't have it, but i've seen other developers add this feature to their own apps.) i'd also like the ability to capture horizontal videos/photos from any orientation (like the horizon camera app for ios) because it's often easier to hold the camera in portrait or awkward positions, and then the shot gets messed up because it's not horizontal. i know it takes a lot of work to make a spectacular app, but adding some features like this will make it more useful and the results even more spectacular. 3) it's awesome that iblazr 2 will now work seamlessly with the native ios camera app! but why stop there?! i'm sure you've heard of moment lenses, another successful company from its kickstarter campaigns. they have their own camera app. there are also many other very popular photography and videography apps out there too that would benefit from iblazr integration -- and i'm talking about quality apps that yield gorgeous results (well, when a flash isn't needed, lol). i'd love to be able to use iblazr 2 with as many of them as possible, and i'd even make a list of my top picks if you're interested in hearing my requests! i hope you'll work with many other developers to make using iblazr as easy as using your app and the native ios camera app! 4) are the casings plastic or metal this time? i didn't notice it mentioned. 5) if i plug my original iblazr into my iphone, will i be able to "pair" it with my new one? of course it won't work via bluetooth, but i figure that maybe you can program iblazr 2 to recognize when an iblazr 1 is plugged in and then they can be used simultaneously. if you haven't thought of this, please look into the feasibility of this possibility because it'll keep iblazr 1 selling and make people like me who already own one happy that we can still get use from the old one. 6) even the key-chain is a plus! it's just too bad both the mobile phone and cold shoe mounts can't attach to the key-chain as well so they won't get lost and are always on hand. same goes for any future colored diffusers, which i assume you will make available as you did for the first iblazr. any chance you can make that happen? each part would just need a hole added, and it would be best if they'd nest nice and neatly (but even if they can't next, i'd still like the hole!). 7) is your logo going to be prominently seen? the photo you posted of the key-chain attached by a woman's back pocket makes me realize that you need something more obvious. i'm assuming you'll have your logo on the device itself, but the diffuser clearly blocks the product. even though your logo is engraved on the back of the product, it's hardly visible when the iblazr isn't lit, your name isn't on there, and you can't ensure that the back side will always be seen on a key-chain that swivels around. as a simple solution, just add a lightweight tag of some kind to your key-chain that has your logo and website on both sides -- maybe a white soft plastic with black writing/logo would be most noticeable from afar (or you could to black background, white writing/logo). this way other people will see it and ask, "say, what's that iblazr thing hanging on your bag/pocket/etc.?!" if there's no obvious branding visible at all times, that conversation won't ever happen! ;-p 8) can iblazr 2 auto detect the best light setting for each photo/video by analyzing data from what the iphone camera is "seeing," and then suggest light/diffusers settings to the user and/or employ an auto mode? that would be cool! i apologize for such a long post, but i hope my feedback will be useful to making improvements. i'll be back if i think of anything else, lol. i'm so thrilled with the changes between v. 1 and 2. way to go! :-d
thanks for your feedback on the battery i am happy with a 10 year life span. super happy to have backed this :d
we are so happy to announce, that you, our backers, achieved the kickstarter goal only in three days! wow, that's impressive! we will make an update about that shortly.
@nick martin, @ivan: thanks a lot for your support! you will love the new flexible charger! @bernard cooper: thanks for the suggestion. the new flexible charger is long enough to function as a gorilla tripod for the iblazr 2. you can even wind it around the tree! @welshman, tom mayor, benajmin samson, circleplus: to be honest, there is no reason to be worried. 500 cycle battery is a typical li-pol battery you can find in most of your portable gadgets - wearables, smart watches, power banks and many other gadgets you will have to charge more frequently than iblazr 2. just think, how many pictures you take and how long are your videos? iblazr 2 should easily take 300 pictures per charge- that is enough for a week of active usage. multiply that by 500 charges and you will get 500 weeks= 125 months = 10 years. that are rough numbers, but you really should not worry about the number of cycles of the battery. moreover, the iblazr 2 will be bounded by ultrasound that makes it really tough to break and that makes impossible to change the battery... @alexander blackwell: you can charge the iblazr 2 from power bank and don’t worry about the amperes, the iblazr 2 has a charger controller for that... @jerrill camarillo: thanks for the suggestion! looks like cool feature, but it will take a significant time for our team to implement that, maybe in the next generations...
hey creators, here's an idea, how about a optical sensor that will turn these iblazr's into slave flashes so you could trigger it with a proper flash gun. that way, i could also use my dslr to take photos with.
xenon flash in the middle as a stretch goal would be nice ;)
congrats. that was quick! time to start to think about stretch goals :^d
congratulations guys, we just hit the pledge target!
creator, i saw many backers like me are worrying about the battery life. is there any solution the increase the numbers of recharging cycle? or can you make a replaceable battery pack?
hi guys :) will it be working while connected to power bank for example when the battery is dead? how much amperes it requires? how long does it take to charge and what's the limit? 1a/2.4a? don't want to fry it and even if i will don't mind having cable to make it work. btw, if i got the design right, it's quite possible to have usb port at top of the unit, so holder won't cover it? :) Слава Украине))
just added $30 for the flexi cable. guys, if you want to take full advantage of this device, i advise you to add this on. i have it for the original iblazr and it makes the device a lot more functional and it tends to add to the cool factor as well! that being said, +1 to replaceable rechargeable battery option. i haven't charged my iblazr that many times yet, but then again, being able to use 3 iblazr 2 simultaneously, just brought the usability factor ten folds. will be using this a lot more, and would need to be recharging a lot more. would hate to dispose of all three after only 500 recharges.
that does seem really low life span for a battery in this day and age....is this really the case?!
not sure about this now with the whole device being useless after 500 charges. your looking like a certainty to go over your initial funding goal. couldn't you consider a swappable battery? then once the battery dies your not gong to be looking at having to buy an entire new device.
if you're looking for ideas for accesories / stretch goals -  i like the idea of a flexible mount for the iblazr but don't need another charging cable.  any chance of developing a non-charging version of the cable for use as a mount or, better yet, something similar to a gorillapod?.i could imagine some rather elaborate lighting scenarios with something like this. looking forward to using this with my beastgrip pro.
just added $10 for the flexible charger too. thanks!
hey guys, another great project - proud to back you second time round! - i've also just added $10. cheers!
@abdul halim mat ali  А new mounting system for iblazr² is a clip with a silicon coating that works with any mobile device that is 0.24" to 0.37" (6 mm to 9.5 mm) wide. as it says on htc site - your htc one m8 has 70.6 x 9.35 mm, so there is a place for a thin transparent cover (case). if you mean transparent elastic cover-protector film - it will not affect iblazr² work in any kind.
@creator.  does iblazr 2 works with htc one m8 with transparent cover?
@hewson,  thank you for your support and kind wishes! :)
@creator yes if you could add that feature to the app that would be super cool:d also as others have said, adding the ability to change the battery would be great, and give the units longevity rather than being disposable upon the 500 cycles
i second swappable battery. once the battery dies, it would be a waste since the rest should work just fine.
@creator why not make it a user replaceable rechargeable battery
original iblazr backer, and once again a backer for the triple iblazr2 with 3 flexi cables.  good luck vlad, oleg and the wonderful team!
@matthew cooper  1. battery life span is nearly 500 recharges.   2. not plan yet, but it's not a problem, you can always hold the flash in hand. furthermore, holding that way you can choose the shooting angle by yourself.  3. shotlight app doesn`t have such feature yet, but we could implement it... special for you :) please let us know should we.  beastgrip has a cold shoe mount adapter, and  iblazr² has a cold shoe mount that goes by default in the package, so you could easily use them together!
@1. if you get a resco sampler pack (which is free), or acquire a resco gel kit for dedicated flash, you could cut them to fit inside the white diffuser and through those color gels get the light from iblazr2 the color you so desire...
@creator- i was going over all the details on the campaign page, i think it would be so cool to have colored diffusers so i could give my macro images a dynamic feel and give them more life... you have to do this no doubt! all the basic colors red, blue, green, orange and purple.  please make ths happen as an upgrade/addon!!!
thanks for your reply, sorry i will rephrase my questions 1. all batteries have a life span, after time their capacity diminishes, i was wondering what is the cycle life of the batteries, ie how many recharges until the battery fails. 2. i understand that my case is too thick for the standard clip, i was wondering what alternative i would have for attaching it 3. with the app i was wondering if there would be an option to inverse or mirror the image (not so much rotate portrait / landscape) this is feature that most people would not use so no worries, i was just thinking out loud (if interested here are the links: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/depth-of-field_adapter and for the beast grip to put it in context of what i plan on using it for https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/107650693/beastgrip-pro-the-worlds-best-camera-rig-for-smart/description )
@matthew cooper 1. battery can`t be replaced, but the charger goes by default in the package. battery capacity: 130 mah (approx. equal to 300 flashes) constant light mode: 1st power mode – up to 3 hours 2nd power mode ­– up to 30 minutes 2. А new mounting system for iblazr² is a clip with a silicon coating that works with any mobile device that is 0.24" to 0.37" (6 mm to 9.5 mm) wide. it clips to both the lower edge of an ipad air 2 and the upper edge of an iphone 4. about such fatties as your case - i`m afraid you need to merge it by yourself to know if it would fit. 3. please clarify your question. if you mean to shoot in horizontal\vertical position - the answer is yes, you just mount your iblazr² on your smart device, and device into beastgrip and shoot.
@stephen chiu thank you so much, stephen! :)
@kenneth ong thank you for your support! except shotlight app (and 3rd party apps supporting shotlight sdk) you can control brightness manually by pressing the button on the housing.
@midhun sreekumar menon  your math is correct, thank you for your support :)
@gary fung  1. correct 2. only if this trigger is using shotlight sdk, besides we are always open to share it. 3. thanks! `....will it be automatically controlled by software, ie. with iblazr's own camera app or by other 3rd party apps supporting your sdk?`--- correct
another q, with the app will it have a flip footage feature? i will need that if i am to use it with the dof adapter on the beastgrip (heard about this campaign from them ;)
@mapashito_bcn  thank you for your support and positive feedback regarding our new features and design :)
i have a pretty sturdy case https://www.lunatik.com/products/iphone-5s/taktik-extreme… will there be a clip option for fatties ;)
looks like fun :) what is the life of the battery? can it be replaced?
@djayawarman alamprabu will be in our next update, stay tuned!
@chris vandeventer  thank you for your support! :)
added $10 for the flexible cable
original iblazer back as well and my pic with vlad is in the video too. lol! backed two iblazer2 and added $10 for the flexible cable.  good luck vlad and iblazer2 team!
a dimmer without the need to access the app would be great
@creator i have added 10 to my existing early bird backer level, making it a total 60(usd45+10 flex cable+5 shipping)...please confirm if my math is correct
i have, sorry predictive text-messaging
i hace two iblazr from first campaign and i will follow you again now! i like the new design and touch panel and so bright 300lumen. i'm one backer of your project now! i wish you the best!
windows phone support please!
any picture comparison blazr1vs blazr2 ?
so from what you said about adding $10 for a flex charge cable, i am adding that to the early bird price. i'm just confirming, so $55 instead of $59. too bad usb 3.1 type c cable is not the norm now, i think the battery will charge faster, and micro usb will most likely not be used after type c takes over.
also, on colour temperature. besides manual control with swiping back of the iblazr (great feature!), will it be automatically controlled by software, ie. with iblazr's own camera app or by other 3rd party apps supporting your sdk? in other words, is there auto white balance with iblazr besides manual swiping control.
questions for how it works while bluetooth paired with an iphone. 1/ double tapping the iblazr would snap a photo. from what i can tell, the iblazr flashes first before picture is taken? if so, if the native ios camera app has its own flash turned on too, double tapping the iblazr would mean both iblazr and iphone's own flash will flash with the right exposure controlled by ios's camera app? 2/ can iblazr be turned on via other triggers? say, triggered by the shutter button on the native ios app, by apple watch's remote camera app, another bluetooth device's trigger, etc. or this iblazr activation by software can only happen on iblazr's own camera app?
just pledged for the double pack plus 1 charging cable/stand. i was an early iblazr backer and can't wait to add these to my iphoneography kit.
@juan carlos santana unfortunately, it`s totally different technology need to be used,  iblazr² is not support it yet. next version maybe…:)
would it be possible to make a camera hotshoe that could connect with the camera and sync the iblazr with a dslr for photos (even if it was sold separately)
@benajmin samson  thank you for your support, benajmin! you need to add 10 for each, thus 30 generally.
@juan carlos santana А new mounting system for iblazr² is a clip with a silicon coating that works with any mobile device that is 0.24" to 0.37" (6 mm to 9.5 mm) wide. it clips to both the lower edge of an ipad air 2 and the upper edge of an iphone 4, so to iphone 6 with a very slim case should supposedly also.
@xzaviar b. thank you for your support :) all the accessories, as the iblazr² itself, will be available at the same time -  in september. with dslrs iblazr² will work in a constant light mode with a special cold shoe mount which comes free with each iblazr² unit pack. you will be able to adjust the light color temperature from 3200k to 5600k using the sensor panel in the back of the housing.
@adrian rogers hopefully, but for now we plan ios and android first. however you will always be able to use iblazr² in constant light mode with native camera app+ every other photo app. you even will be able to adjust the light color temperature from 3200k to 5600k using the sensor panel in the back of the housing, without using the shotlight app.
original iblazr backer and pledged for the triple iblazr2. i want the flexible stand for all of them. so, the question is, how much do i add for each?
@baback shahriari  iblazr² will work with apple camera app + almost every other photo app without synchronisation with shotlight app (iblazr app). you even will be able to adjust the light color temperature from 3200k to 5600k using the sensor panel in the back of the housing, without using the shotlight app. however you will not be able to use several iblazr² at the same  time (the array of units to enlarge the total amount of light) -  this feature is available only with synchronisation with shotlight app.
will the mount work on an iphone 6 with a very slim case?
@baback: based in what i saw in the video, you can change the temperature by sliding your finger through the back of iblazr (i think that there are arrows going up and down on the back) without accessing the shotlite app.
+1 for windows phone support!
will accessories for dslr mounting be available for purchase before september? and will it support native flash for the canon mark 2 5d? thanks super excited. bought the original iblazr
@ juan c.  thank you.  i just noticed that in an email i got.  i guess the next question i have is, if i can change the temp settings and use the built in camera app after the temp settings have been made in shotlite.
@baback: they said that it worked with the native camera app, you double tap the iblazr and it shots the picture on the native camera app in sync with the flash... not sure about the procam. but they do source the codes for iblazr sync, so that other app developers can add support to their own photo apps, i have a couple that have support for the first iblazr
will windows phone be supported at all like the previous version?
will the flash work with all of it's features without the need for your app ?  i would like to use it with programs like procam or the built in apple camera app.  what features will i loose if i use it with those two apps ?
@jauvane oliveira , thank you, jauvane! :)
i was either 1st or 2nd to pledge :)  good luck with the campaign.
