@mick karnaghan - send us a note at hello@wintersmiths.com and we will get you sorted out.
hello guys. my insert has also cracked. feeling real bummed as i was making my first spheres in preparation for grand final day and a long weekend here in australia. how can i get another? cheers mick
@nathan garnett - we are very sorry to hear this! send us a note at hello@wintersmiths.com and we will get you sorted out.
my insert has also cracked.
@david- we are sorry to hear this! we will contact you about a replacement asap.
@hiepnotiq we now have a storage tube that features one open end with a stronger cap and one closed end that we think performs better. you can find it on our website at wintersmiths.com.
my 2nd insert cracked after just 3 uses and i followed your directions and only kept in in the freezer for 24 hours. after removing the icecubes i would allow time to let the rest of the ice in the insert thaw and not try to make new ice until the insert was ready to go. really bummed.
has the ice storage tube issues been addressed?  twist on cap or silicone?  i don't even bother with mines, the ice easily falls out and its not well sealed so the ice gets cloudy if you store it for longer then a week.
@aaron myers - absolutely, we will send you a direct message.
my insert has cracked at the stanchions of the insert. is there any way i can get another?
@sanchay kumar - no problem, we will ship it out to you right away!
my insert just cracked!  please send me a replacement.  thank you.
i've had mine a long time now and the liner recently failed and they replaced it no problem no charge. i love the results every time. with the cubes i find tipping it back and forth gets rid of the bubbles. they never stay long kids friends etc love the look. a friend got a version at a kitchen place but it's so filled with bubbles its melts really fast. there is no comparison to this product. it works as designed and is great.
@laura tsuk   i have just been using the back side of a dinner knife in a swift chopping motion. the posts are small enough that the pop clean off
@pedro  http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b00gfew6es/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o02_s00…
sorry meant @zpaintball
@zpainball: what silicone bands did you use? where can i get them from? thanks.
so i have been trying to mess with the chest to improve the ice result.  silicone bands holding down the insert help with clarity and bubbles as well as to make sure that the insert doesnt rise and create flat spots.  i also drilled hole into the square molde at the high point corners and inserted small tubes(cocktail straws) so that the air can escape and the mold fills completely.  they arent perfect but work great.
what have wintersmith's replace the liner with? is it a liner of a superior material? or just another of the same?
for the nubs i use a serrated knife and a gentle sawing motion to remove them.  happy with the cubes now that i know it's not more than 36 hours in our freezer.  had one inner liner crack but wintersmiths replaced it and now all is well.
has anyone tried drilling small holes in the square mold at the high points to release the trapped air, i am still having the problem with the trapped air causing the cube to come out with a missing corner.
does anyone have any good suggestions for ice storage? someone said pringles containers, someone said tennis ball tubes, do these work for you guys? also, any great tips for removing the nubs on the end of the spheres/cubes or for getting rid of the mold seam line?  i've been just hitting the nub lightly with a large knife until it comes off,  and i usually use my fingers to rub the seam lines for a few seconds but it doesn't actually do much so i end up serving them with the lines still fairly visible.  anyone else find a system that works?
my inner part cracked too. i just sent an email to wintersmiths, hopefully a replacement is forthcoming. i am bummed, no more nice ice until then!
@jeffrey shouldn't be required to glue one of the ends together, if they had just made it less flimsy with a bit of silicone on the caps or even screw caps there wouldn't be a problem.  it shouldn't have to be the customers job to fix a new product, i just hope the tubes are not still being sent to people.
love this product!  after adjusting my freezer temperature down a bit, 28 hours is the magic number for me.  perfectly clear perfect balls with most of the bottom reservoir not frozen on the storage tube issue, yes, i almost lost a few from loose caps.  the fix?  i used crazy glue (or super glue) on the bottom cap.  no more problems..........
@luke i had the same issue with missing corners. the cube moulds seem to trap more air than the spheres. i found knocking the chest on the work top a few times and gently tilting side to side got rid of most of it.
@stephen yikes!  pics? in other news, i'm just chill in' tonight http://i.imgur.com/0ale6p6.jpg
love my ice balls clear every time. bad news though my tray cracked in the middle and now i can no longer make any :( who can i contact to get this fixed
love my ice balls clear every time. bad news though my tray cracked in the middle and now i can no longer make any :( who can i contact to get this fixed
@hiepnotiq hahah indeed! well hopefully i'm not in the minority, but i'm happily making ice.  and that's with very hard water here (albeit it is clean water otherwise).
@jared shoulda taken my own advice, ill definitely let the ice balls chill out in the glass a bit before pouring on them.
@luke read through some of the older comments luke, this has been touched on a couple times already, i've even posted my own personal "recipe."  the type of water and even temperature of the water could be the reason for streaks and or bubbles.  the main issue i myself have now is when i pour any drink on or around the ice it cracks from the temp change no matter what.  also, just pour water into the top holes to top them off, there is a groove on the top.  i usually pour enough to fill up that reservoir as well.
have tried multiple batches of cubes, with times varying between 18 and 48 hours, and they have all had cracked corners, and bubbles in the cubes :( to me that's the whole point of wintersmiths, flawless ice. anyone have any suggestions as to what i'm doing wrong? i've been bringing water to bottom of fill line, with water just barely overflowing into the overflow "grooves"... after many flawless spheres from the original, this is disappointing.
also, all freezers are not the same.  you do have to find out what your "sweet spot" and timing are.  they vary based on your model, your interior space (i know a few of you have packed freezers), your exterior conditions, and your set temperature (and the actual temperature (and time that your freezer delivers that temperature).
got mine!  worked great!  much easier than the single version and i now have several batches ready of clear spheres and cubes -- love the cubes. just a few thoughts as i've skimmed a few recent comments here: 1)my container is just fine and the silicone doesn't shed on me.  fwiw, the creator did say its food-grade silicone so you should be safe. i do have several "big block" ice cubes from the bottom that i've stored trying to envision a use for. 2) you should let your iceball/cube temper a few minutes after pulling them from the freezer before pouring anything over them.  this allows them to adjust to room temperature (and your less than freezing temperature liquid).  drastic changes in temperature make them crack (this is true of any ice, really, unless its a fairly large piece of ice).  also true of cheap glass/"new pyrex". 3) seams and nubs do happen.  that said, the new design is leagues above the last and is much easier to remove -- i mean a lot easier.  hey, still better than other solutions that are either clouded balls (that still have seams) or buying "perfect ice" and putting it into a weighted mold (see macallan).  of course, technically, you could always use the ice chest, then develop a weighted mold that pressures away the nubs/seams, but thats at additional cost.  to be very fair, the designers really listened to the public and the nubs are really a lot less to deal with than the previous model.  which brings me to... 4) they took some of our advice making the tube double sided.  this really mattered before when we were making one ball at a time (ice baller) and most of us wanted a first-in, first-out solution.  i'd imagine it actually means less now that we are making 4 (the capacity of the tube) at a time with the ice chest.  so you win some and lose some there.  again, listening, but in this case, maybe not necessary...it is nice for the legacy folks though. i know, i know, i forgot about the double cap and lost a cube the first batch, too haha. 5) keep in mind that the new tubes (because of the size of the cubes) are larger than before.  not sure if that means much to anyone, but just in case. all in all though, very happy with the product.  i don't mind the igloo exterior that some take issue with -- esp since there is a bit of a function to it.  but i imagine we all have our reasons.
as others have reported, 24 hours is the time i also leave mine in the freezer and it produces crystal clear spheres with out freezing over the bottom.  thank you wintersmiths for a great product and for running a great campaign.
mine just cracked as well. email to wintersmith's forthcoming. bummer...
@eliah c - sorry to hear that, it definitely improved for me after the first couple of batches.
i'am totally satisfied with the end results. between 20 till 24 hrs does the trick for me and my freezer. the spheres and cubes come all out in a perfect crystal way. after getting the desired result there must be still a certain amount of unfrozen water left underneath in the box. so no cracked box over here. the lesson learned here is do'nt keep the box longer than 24 hrs in the freezer. the residue water underneath the moulds must most certainly stay in a more or less fluid condition. otherwise cracks are the result.
@stuart - i am having the same problem with rubber, i have tried several batches. i thought it would go away by now. but now they seem to be on the surface. i can't really see them when i take them out. but as i freeze them and have them in the container, i see them after they get frosted all along the seams. since they are actually inside, i been washing the iceballs before using them, taking off a slight layer off. its a lot of hassle looking for small specks of rubber. the bottom of the water is very strong on the rubber smell. makes me wonder if its any safe.
and guess what, the miracle did happen ! after 24 hrs in the freezer 4 crystal clear spheres. and they last at least half an hour each in room temperature condition.  this is perfect. i threw out all my former bought useless moulds. a well deserved thanks to you guys from wintersmiths !
@michael wan i am wondering if your freezer isn't cold enough?  i have taken the ice balls out plenty of times without the ice below the molds being frozen over so that shouldn't really be an issue.
got it yesterday in the netherlands. unfortunately had to pay an extra unexpected 25 $ for customs clearing here. lucky though that you guys from wintersmiths declared the value as to  50 $, otherwise i had to pay over 40 $ for customs clearing. anyway the set is in the freezer now, waiting for that miracle to happen ;-)
@michael wan i find this happens when i've taken them out too early. as you lift the mould out, the unfrozen water pours out of the bottom of the mould into the insert underneath leaving them not fully formed. you need the water underneath the moulds to have fully frozen over, if its still liquid then you've taken them out too soon. if the water is overflowing out the top of the fill holes then you definitely have enough water in there. it sounds like your freezer might not be cold enough so if possible turn it up, otherwise try 30 hours.
i'm having some problems getting the ice balls to form correctly. i've tried two batches so far with bo success. the first time i left it in the freezer for 24 hours and the balls weren't fully formed so i thought i would leave them in longer next time. i just finished leaving them the freezer for 28 hours and they are still not fully formed. it is almost like there isn't enough water since the bottome of the balls are the parts that aren't formed. but i'm filling up to the fill line. the water in the bottom part is still there, but i tried to  test the water depth by just placing half of the mold in so i could see how high the leftover water was reaching. turns out, the water level leftover doesn't even reach the bottom of mold. i dint understand what i am doing wrong. i'm filling up the water  to the fill line and making sure water overflows out of the fill holes. please help!
@nullstarter  i like where your head is at! @josh i am digging the mints idea!
@nullstarter i was planning on a couple of rivets. i'm surprised that wintersmiths doesn't mention freezing things inside of the spheres. i made a batch of spheres with mint frozen in them and they look awesome!
i found a solution to the issue of the plastic iceball holder tubes coming apart from the weight of ice balls. take a substantial piece of duct tape, and tape one end's lid to the tube... ;d
my plastic case has not cracked yet but i think it is a matter of time. emptying the tray before the lower part fully freezes is no solution because we are bound eventually to forget and leave it in the freezer several days. i hope you will send replacement trays once you have fixed this problem. otherwise, it works great.  i've made ice faster than i can possibly use it.
i have not read /all/ the comments, but both here and in the backershub facebook group i'm hearing about issues of the case cracking.  since i have a suggestion, i thought i'd share immediately.  if the portion of the case below the insert had more angle to the walls, it should push upward if frozen too long.  the down-side is the possibility of it moving too soon, before the molds are finished.  i see two ways to add such an angle, either redesign the case with an angle change below where the mold goes, or (the one i personally like better) ... design a four-wedge-shaped silicone insert to go into the bottom.  as long as the mold has frozen first, it could "eject" it the first quarter inch or so.
let your ice temper for a few minutes - meaning, let it sit at room temperature for a little, ice cracks when you warm it up to quickly.
@hiepnotiq try pouring slowly down the side of the glass rather than directly onto the ice.
anyone have a secret to not having your ice crack after pouring your drink of choice onto it?
just did my second batch, this time with the square moulds and using warm tap water but still at -18c. the square moulds seem to need another half pint of water and with it being warm i did it for a bit longer,  26 hours 20 mins. this timing worked really well, crystal clear cubes and with barely and freezing of the water underneath the moulds.  funny thing i have noticed is that while the ice has no taste, even when it's melted, the unfrozen water from the bottom of the insert tastes really strongly of the rubber moulds. the freezing process must kill the rubbery taste/smell. i've also found both the cubes and balls have tiny flecks of black rubber just under the surface, but hopefully this is just the result of being unused and will stop after further use. so far really happy with the results. would echo the need for a plastic outer shell for the foam insulation but certainly does what it's supposed to. looking forward to some new mould shapes, especially 1" cubes if they happen.
and....crack! i'll  email wintersmith tomorrow, sounds like they are responding fast.
i have not revived the product yet. can you look into this? thanks,
i have not revived the product yet. can you look into this? thanks,
i have not revived the product yet. can you look into this? thanks,
so just used the chest for the first time. i did bottled water, room temperature in a freezer set to -18c (just over 0f) in the ball moulds, having thoroughly washed them first.  i took them out after 25 hours and they were absolutely perfect, best i've made so far (i also have the ice baller). the water underneath had frozen to a depth of about 1cm but below this the water was still liquid. this is probably key to the insert cracking issue as obviously the more that freezes, the more it will expand. timing is going to be important).  i then chipped holes in the ice and drained out the water before running the insert under the tap, with water cold at first before moving it to tepid and finally warm. after about a minute the remaining ice came loose.  i know there was also issues about residue being left in the drink as the ice balks melt but these haven't shown any sign of that. they also haven't left a plastics/rubbery taste, which i was quite surprised about as the moulds still smell quite strongly.  i am now attempting the critical second freeze, this time with the square moulds and warm tap water. will let you know how i get on.
i have used the mold twice and luckily no cracking issues but boy did i look like an idiot when i was trying to show off my first "batch" and then the bottom of the tube fell out and i dropped all of them on the floor. seems like the cap could have been riveted to the tube on the bottom so this doesn't happen.
i had my plastic insert cracked on first use as well. i messaged wintersmith and they very quickly replaced it.  must say kudos to chris and his customer service.  i'm looking forward to v.2 !
unfortunately the inner plastic insert cracked after using the ice mold twice.  also the ends pop off the end of the ice storage tube easily. really bummed.
after looking through the box, i found the cube mold. missing chest.
i also only received 5 sphere chests without 1 cube chest. can you please look into this? sigh. =/
i just got my reward and one of them doesn't even have plastic insert. is there a v2 coming? how would i get a replacement? :( i agree with sang. and with all the comments, doesn't look like its going to be a long lasting project.
will we be able to benefit from these improvements?  not expecting it for free, but would be nice to see some reduced pricing or what the plan is for a way to replace what we have.
i'm on my second run. first time was great, about 28 hours, almost flawless. warm to hot tap water came out crystal clear. got the molds out before the bottom well was frozen solid, but it was frozen over.  the ease of removal was awesome, such an improvement over the single ice baller.  it took a little finagling to get the forms to lineup, but it saw that and figured it out before the first time.   very happy with the product and glad i purchased a second as a gift. no hesitation in giving it.
the storage tubes are not a good design as they do not stay securely sealed at the endcaps and i would return for refund if given the chance.  lost 3 of 4 of my initial set of ice balls shattering to the floor as an endcap (which was fit snug) quickly gave way.  would be a better design to just have a cap on a single end and have the other end sealed. if an outer shell is made to protect the foam surround, will that be sent out to original backers or will we have to purchase it?   i don't have a lot of confidence of the outer foam casing holding up well over time and repeated use of moving/sliding in and out of freezer shelves that are metal and next to other cardboard boxes of food in the freezer. first set of spheres came out partially cloudy after but had left them in for about 32 hours in the freezer.  trying a second run.
mine has worked perfectly for about six runs so far, spheres and cubes.  i gather i'm lucky. i've also run warm water in the plastic to free the ice formed in the lower tray, but now i'm guessing that is risking cracking the plastic.   as to the tube containers, i wrote to wintersmith after wintersmith 1.0 explaining the problem. not only does the lower end pop off, but the plastic gets so brittle when frozen that it cracks apart. there really is no excuse that they continue selling these. i'm guessing they printed so many they want to make their money back before discontinuing. or at least i hope they stop selling them.  pringles potato chip tubes work perfectly to hold 4 spheres. and they survive freezing quite well.
i want to mention that wintersmiths is replacing my busted ice chest, with no prodding at all. i am hoping (and all evidence suggests) my busted ice chest was a sample defect.
disappointed with the foam casing and overall product.  my plastic insert cracked as well.  email with photos forthcoming to hello@wintersmiths.com.
@zpaintball - i don't think that's the case. the reservoir in the prototype video is molded silicone that has quite bit of thickness to it and no rim at the top edge, the final product used a hard molded plastic rather than silicone and the new foam cover to insulate it, so as to accomplish directional freezing. the problem with that is the plastic becomes brittle at low temperatures and i would expect that this is the reason we are now beginning to hear about the cracking issues. i expect we will be hearing about this from more people in the future. product development is hard business and missteps are common, we basically paid to be beta testers and as it turns out this product was not , (is not)  yet ready for market. i just tell myself to remember that this was a reward for backing/funding someone's idea, not a purchase. but i learned my lesson and would be wary of kickstarter projects in the future. live and learn as they say... but still kind of sad.
used the same recipe as last time, but left my mold in for about 28 hours, the results were pretty much the clearest defect free ice balls to date.  almost fell out of the tube and lost all that though 0_~
@kevin christmas: we are sorry to hear this! we have sent you a direct message and will ship you a replacement right away.
@nullstarter you will want the bottom to be liquid before you do another run. the best case scenario is to time it so that the ice balls are frozen completely and there is mostly water in the bottom of the plastic insert. this will vary depending on your specific freezer conditions.
not sure if anyone else had this issue, but mine cracked after the first use. i now just have some black rubber ball holders and a cracked plastic container...
something i'm not sure about - once i make 4 balls with the chest, do i need to remove and clean all the frozen water out of the bottom before i start another set? running hot water over it does the trick, but it does take a while to melt it. or can i just pour new water over the top?
hi everyone- thanks for all of the great feedback, please keep it coming! we are definitely listening and working on ways to improve the ice chest and other accessories. best, chris & pat
i hate to say it, but the quality of my ice chest, is crap. mold pieces don't stay close enough to prevent huge seams in the ice, and a black on black fill line (really?) were all bad enough, but acceptable. but on the 2nd use, running cool water over the liner, it cracked, big time. see pic here: https://www.flickr.com/photos/116100864@n04/16260179100/ it had been in the 'fridge for about 30 hours, same as the first time (25 hours yielded just over half ice balls). for all that are happy with theirs, that's great, i am happy for you (really). i'll have to keep using the pita original ice baller, for my clear spheres.
guys... i love the chest, it's amazing, the molds are great too... but those storage tubes... $10 for a bit of flimsy plastic is kinda lame, the ends come off from the weight of the iceballs... you really gotta do better with that next time.
hi guys - i tried sending you a pm but got no response.   i received a package that contained my extras (extra ice chest, tube, and square molds), but my original ice chest was not shipped.  can you please provide me an update?
im gonna agree with all the storage tube comments, i also fully regret purchasing it.  it is flimsy and unless you hold both ends you are very likely to drop all your ice out of either end.
ice chest = amazing.  storage tube = absolute garbage.  i regret purchasing 2 extra storage tubes, just had four balls fall on the ground.
roughly 16 hours at 0f. cool filtered tap water. there's a little cloudiness at the bottom of 1-2 balls but otherwise perfectly clear. going to do another batch, warmer water with a longer freeze.
storage tube is cheap and even a little tap and the end caps come off. some type of locking or screw on caps would be better.
once the ice melts it has a plastic / silicone like flavor.
hey guys and gals, just finished another batch. ------18hrs----- ------softened tap water instead of my reverse osmosis water-------- ------i used water which was warmer then room temperature------- ------pull out freezer drawer set to 0⁰f----- results were clearest ice balls yet, no streaks or cloudiness, sadly though during the freeze process, the silicon on the right side came up a bit and left me a couple of ice domes.   clear ice domes though!
i got my ice chest late last week and it works great! i have not yet tried the square ice molds yet but the spheres work great! i still get a slight "cloudy" state of ice and not 100% clear but overall the design is great! thanks for a great kickstarter campaign!
received my ice chest and have made three sets of clear ice spheres and have to say this is a great product thank you wintersmiths for a great campaign... @sean doyle: i too was looking for the fill line and if you look at the ice chest, on the inside, there is a line in the center of the plastic wall on the side of the wintersmiths logo, i believe that to be the fill line.
just got my ice chest today! packaging was so nice, this is such a nice product guys. great work!
well a temp solution for the film on the ice balls is to rinse them under cold water and it take the film off... i have tried really hot water, cooler water, boiled water, filtered water.. still has the film on the balls.  crazy
@sean it's right behind the front on the inside wall, it's just an indentation in the middle.  i just fill water to the bottom of the line and top off the top after i place it in the freezer
can you send a photo of the fill line i can not find it.
the ice ball on one end of mine gets a thick crease, because the liner does not hold the mold together tight enough on one end, which allows a gap between the mold parts at that end, and a misshapen ice ball. anybody else?
hi, i still haven't received my shipping information to my email, or my ice chest. melbourne, australia.
curious to hear plans to protect the styrofoam. otherwise it's an awesome product.
i could not wait, and had to inspect at the 23 hour mark, even though i knew it would ruin my first batch.  the balls were a little more than half formed, and i put them in a ziplock in the freezer to inspect more thoroughly later, but the formed portions looked very good.  now i know it needs two days in my freezer.  perhaps more, when i start testing the cubes.  but so far, so good. the fill line is still pretty much invisible even now that i know exactly where it is.  this really needs revision for future models.  also it dripped into the freezer below, so maybe a catch tray. also i'll be watching for an outer shell accessory to protect my foam.  other things have to co-exist in my freezer, what those are changes all the time, and some might rub a foam object roughly. i can't devote an entire freezer shelf to the ice chest, that's just a fact of (my) life. another option might be a sort of "garage" like box, into which the chest slides, so that the box can take up the appropriate amount of freezer space even when the chest is not there, and allow things to be stacked on top.  if i build one, i'll show it off and share the plan.
i noticed a few white spots in the mold when i first got it a few days ago and i washed it out to make sure.  but everyone that is getting it, please inspect it and post if you see spots on the mold itself.  also if you have the white residue and clouding.
@edward wilcox i once got the large cube moulds from tovolo and had the exact same issue but no matter what water i used, tap, bottled or distiller it always left a really thick white sludge floating on the drink. no one else seemed to mention the problem on amazon reviews but in the end i had to bin them as it must have been the silicone.   really hope this doesn't become an issue with the ice chest, please let us know if the issue resolves itself.
@edward your whiskey must be non chill filtered.
@edward w. heya edward, maybe its hard water?  could just be a bunch of minerals from the tap.
hi, i used hot tap water and i had some of the same issues, such as divots in the top and i am sure i just need to add a bit more water. but one issue i had last night, was that as the ball melted it made the scotch turn cloudy and left a white residue?
reverse osmosis water, the streaks are thin clear air bubbles it looks like, it's not huge or anything.  the ice is crystal clear besides that :). it's definitely something i can live with, i've been using room temp water only so far.
@hiep hinh: what type of water are you using? distilled water will cause streaking in the ice. if you are seeing bubbles at the bottom of the balls then you should start the freeze with warmer water.
got mines a couple days ago and have made three batches so far.  the balls have been pretty clear but i am getting thin streaks of bubbles frozen in which if anyone else is getting and has found a fix for let me know pls. i am going to agree with the other commenters about the foam outer portion, it is squishy and makes me extremely nervous about dinging, dropping or even just holding it too tightly.  the videos showed a very durable looking beta product which almost seems to be more of an alpha.
@wintersmiths "we understand that you would like an even more refined and durable outer shell for the ice chest and we are looking into that to see what might be feasible. we will definitely keep you posted on what come up with." good to hear.
sigh...fedex surepost....a sure sign i will get mine in about 3 weeks.  1st class is actually faster.
mine was delivered a short time ago.  i have washed the components and i am trying to find the "fill line" without any success.  is there a picture?
pulled the first round of ice balls out of the freezer when i got home... right around 23-24hr mark... the bottoms weren't completely done yet so i cranked up the freezer and reset the chest again. i am using the balls now and must say they look promising and i feel encouraged! loving this rig so far!
@donovan looking at the video again i think where the issue was is that the foam was never show in the main video on the kickstarter website, just the shell and the mold.
@tom, @karl, @tim ayres, @derek k & @donovan: first off, thank you all for taking the time to give your feedback- we truly see it as a very important part of the product development process. @derek k & @donovan: material selection can be a very complicated process and i can assure you that we had been planning to use that material from the beginning and we did not "cheap out at the 11th hour." we looked at a number of materials and evaluated them for durability, insulating properties, required width to achieve the correct insulation, weight, and of course aesthetics and cost. we have been conducting our testing with the epe foam outer box for a few months now and have not seen any durability or other issues with it. that being said, we understand that you would like an even more refined and durable outer shell for the ice chest and we are looking into that to see what might be feasible. we will definitely keep you posted on what come up with. also- we can confirm that we used fda-approved food grade silicone that is free of phthalates. please keep the feedback coming! best, chris & pat
when i watched the resetting video i was wondering that, omg "is that a whiskey tumbler made of ice?!"
@donovan "looks like someone decided to cheap out at the 11th hour by not skinning the exterior & leaving exposed bead foam as a finish, (not the sexy silicone finish of the prototypes)... cheap looking and not at all durable, which is really a shame considering the quality of the other components." quoted for truth. wintersmiths, any comments on the finish here?
i got mine and love it!
sorry if the last post seemed a bit pissy... just to be clear this is still one of the best ice making pieces of equipment i own. much easier than the home brew, labor intensive, clear ice methods i have been using for several years. just some critiques of shortcomings of this effort, all in all a nice addition to my clear ice obsession arsenal.  (also after increasing the freeze time a few hours i'm confident the balls will be fine).
got the product, and must concur with derek. looks like someone decided to cheap out at the 11th hour by not skinning the exterior & leaving exposed bead foam as a finish, (not the sexy silicone finish of the prototypes)... cheap looking and not at all durable, which is really a shame considering the quality of the other components. also please expound on the silicone used, (platinum cured?) and how we might know if the silicone is free of phthalates contained in fillers/extenders commonly used with silicones, as nondestructive testing methods for home use are not available, (if push comes to shove i may just sacrifice a mold to be sure, if phthalates are found i'll be sure to update all concerned). btw first freeze had divots, (unfrozen spots) at the bottom of the center 2 spheres after 24 hjour freeze time, but the outer 2 turned out pretty good.
received monday, opened tuesday, ice-balled a boss hog in a wintersmiths rocks glass wednesday. quad balling is glorious. plus, with about 26 hours of freezing and a few hours of thaw, the lower section of discarded ice popped out in pieces including two viable ice-formed drinking vessels. easter egg! thanks for another wicked product.
just got mine a few minutes ago, it's in the freezer now!
mine arrived yesterday and i just opened the first set of four ice balls.  it works perfectly and much easier to use than wintersmiths' one ball ice maker. the one ball one is often hard to remove if enough time has passed for the ice below the baller to freeze. with the new one it is easy.  slide the pastic case out of the styrofoam case, run a little hot water over the plastic case, slide the rubber pieces out et voilá. four perfect spheres. i'm testing the cube inserts now though there is no reason to believe they will work any less well. very nicely designed!
my shipping info says an delivery attempt for yesterday but that did not happen as no ticket was left at the door. i'm worried :-/
got the shipping info ! as you guys told me. thanks now it's waiting for the final destination !
the foam casing looks/feels cheap.  any reason that the entire chest was not wrapped in a higher quality material?  or would that affect your patent-pending directional-freezing?
i didn't receive any shipment email, but the product arrived in sydney australia yesterday. had it in the freezer around 13-14 hours and got perfect hemispheres. trying again for full spheres. it summer here, so maybe the freezer temp isn't low enough.?
got my ice chest and cube mold! they look so nice and i can tell the materials are high quality and will last a long time, especially the plastic insert which is incredibly hard and strong. i'm less confident about the foam's durability on the outside but it should be fine as long as it has the insert in it. thanks for delivering a great product almost on time! (one month delay is faster than most of the projects i've backed)
no shipment info yet :(
still possible to buy the square molds?
i received mine? thought they were going to be square?? had a lik again and you had to add 30, which i don't do, is there any way i can lay the extra 30 and get the square mild sent as well?? mandy oh and ℗.s amazing!!!
thank you wintersmiths - just received my ice chest over here in korea!  will try it out tonight, pretty excited. :d   from the initial look, everything looks top class. thanks again!
still no email confirmation regarding shipping confirmation
wow.. slowest.... shipping.... ever!  shipped last thursday, won't arrive until next wednesday in ca.  yikes!
i got my shipping notice last night.  due to arrive in atlanta, ga on thursday.  looking forward to my friday night cocktail hour with the new ice balls!  can't wait.  thank you!
thanks for the weather info. i understand and i'll wait wait with you for better conditions. here in the netherlands we don't have any winters anymore, the last couple of years, so i forgot about these blizzards and possible trouble it can cause. thanks for your quick response anyway !
came home from vaca and had my box waiting. really amazing quality stuff. very nice packaging, top notch all around. cleaned out one round mold with hot water and soap and have it in the freezer. can't wait to open it up in a day. thanks for the great product. was totally worth the wait.
@sjoerd groot: we had a few hundred orders ready to ship today that we packed and labeled over the weekend but there is major blizzard in the northeastern us that caused the mail service to shut down. at this point it looks like it will be shut down for two days so we won't be able to ship until wednesday. we can assure you that your order is prepared and sitting on a pallet in our warehouse. we are very sorry for this inconvenience, we would like nothing more than to have shipped all remaining orders today!
following your advice i let you know that today uptill 18.00 est no shipment notification was sent to me whatsoever ! please explain to me what went wrong. i don't like the idea of having spend 125 $ and not given anything in return. i trust you guys, so please send me these molds, round and square asap, don't let me be the only one empty handed.
still no shipment notification.  i am excited, but wondering where it is and when i'll be receiving mine.
love the packaging. you guys did an amazing job! love it!
got my shipment earlier in the week. opened my first 4 spheres too early. second batch is perfect drenched in some scotch. beautiful product end to end. one of the best i've backed on kickstarter. thanks!!
hey everyone- we got the majority of the orders out by friday but some pushed into the weekend so we got them labeled and ready yesterday and they will ship on monday. if you do not have an email from us with tracking information by the end of the day (est) on monday, please let us know!
no shipment notification whatsoever here in the netherlands uptill januari 25th !
revived my ice chest this morning. that package & unit itself looks amazing. very stylish & can't wait to use it tonight. great project!
hmmm still no shipment notification.
just popped out the second batch and poured a nice couple of fingers of ron zacapa 23. the ice balls are awesome. one of the rare kickstarter projects i won't relinquish to the circular file! ; )
got my shipping notification. it just says label created, which probably means that it won't go out until monday and i probably won't get it until wednesday. why this is funny is that i see lee, ma is the origin and that is only about 45 minutes from me. australians are on their third round of ice balls and i could have just driven over and picked it up. lol!
got my shipping notification very very excited
@rachel brazin: we are definitely as if not more impatient than you guys are! :)... as of now it looks like we will have all rewards out today. shipping confirmation emails are sent in a batch in the evening so don't worry if you do not see one during the day. we will keep you posted!
did you mean thursday of this week or next? ha i haven't received a confirmation and am bursting at the seam! and how did someone in australia receive there's before i even get confirmation?! i'm not mad,  just being really impatient.
oops...i meant 6pm pst
man already 6pm est and no update on shipping yet.  hope to get it soon!
got my shipping notice. fedex claims it will take 7 days to go 130 miles. what the heck? happy that it was sent but annoyed that it will get there the day after i move.
just got my shipping confirmation! backer #458 you guys rock! way to go, i can't imagine how much work this must be!
i received my kit about 3 days ago (australia) and have already used it twice with perfect results, impressing my two houseguests no end. the only sadness is that the ice chest is so darn easy that my original ice baller will probably never get used again!
backer 239, and got email this afternoon that it is shipping.  thanks guys!  you guys have been great throughout in terms of communication.  thanks so much.  can't wait to make my first vieux carre with it!
backer 453 (for those to whom this matters) received my rewards yesterday - looking forward to trying them. thanks!
thanks, washed it up and let's see what it looks like in 24 hours!
hi everyone! we are definitely paying attention to the backer order but that needs to also be balanced with efficiency to get orders out quickly. sometimes that means we need to batch fulfill orders with the same components which could slightly alter the order. we are still on track to have all kickstarter rewards shipped by the end of the day tomorrow so nobody should see a significant delay in their rewards. thanks!
backer #7 and i still haven't gotten a tracking number yet so i dont think there is a rhyme or reason
@scott: we recommend washing with soap and warm water before first use
i made my first batch. it's going to pretty cool. what's the initial washing instructions for these? i ran just under cold water and well the first batch tastes kinda well rubbery...
#1921. sigh
you can see your exact backer number by clicking your account info button (little down arrow in the upper right corner of this web page) &, under "my stuff" click "backer history" then click the plus sign on the right of the ice chest project. right below where it says "by wintersmiths" you will see your backer number. not that it matters :^)
i'm number 458 and i'm a little jealous of sang ho yun. keep up the good work guys!
just got my shipping notice!  order number 5xx
mine just got delivered today!
thanks josh! i'm #5xx (off the top of my head). like eric, hoping to get it soon. oh well. will just have to wait :d
really hope that i get the shipping notice soon and that i can receive it by tomorrow/thursday. i'm having a moving party this weekend and would love to bust it outout for that. also since i'm moving would really like to get it before i move across the country.
not sure they're shipping by backer number order, i'm #496 and have not received a notice. i have the original ice baller and have plenty of ice balls in the freezer, so no big deal.
just got mine! woohoo!
charlie, i believe i was around #700 and i have yet to receive my notice. breck i've looked and can't find it but when i received my survey at the very end of it, it asked me to post on fb or twitter that i was happy to be the #7xx backer of this project. that's the only place i ever saw it. can't wait to get mine though! so excited the time is almost here!
how can i see what number i was on the backer list?
for those that had the product shipped, what # were you on the backer list?
third on a high level shipping timeline. i am around 1600 as a backer so i know it will be time before i get the product. i go to bed dreaming tomorrow will be the day and wake up a little sad not knowing.
can i second donovan's question. im international shipping and probably one of the last backers, do you think it'll be here by the end of feb? (i change address then) thanks guys, looking forward to it.
how long do you think it will take to get all the gear shipped? i have no idea where i stand as far as shipping order... so assuming i'm among the last to get shipped out what does that mean date wise, (best guess is fine).
looking forward to getting my notice!! yeow!
just got my notice!
@sang ho yun - yes, we will send tracking information when your order goes out :)
@zpaintball absolutely! we will have it up in the next few days.
will we get notice of shipping?
are we going to get a video to show operation?  i know the video of the ice baller helped me understand the best form to fill and remove the mold
wintersmiths, you guys have been doing a great job with keeping us up-to-date with the production and setbacks encountered during your build. keep up the great work and i'm sure once we receive the molds they'll be top notch. i have a brand new whiskey decanter and glass set that i'm ready to put to use too! can't wait!!!
hi everyone! we are still on track and will share a full update later this week but the mold modification has been completed and we are waiting on the final production parts to hit our warehouse so we can get your orders out. more photos and details on the way... :)
i'm not sure if you know this wintersmiths..... but i am completely hanging to get this! i've been buying bottles of spiced rum, gin and fee brothers chocolate bitters so i can get my cocktail on.... i'm licking my lips right now
well all, i am one for campaigns meeting their agreed timelines, with the understanding that unplanned issues can impact the timelines..  overall i am really impressed by this campaign
happy new year!  just wanted to check if you were still on track for the revised schedule, and if so, whether you had an expected ship date.  hoping to be enjoying a drink with your ice spheres soon. cheers, jake
kickstarter is not a store... so everyone please be not unlike the ice spheres you've helped fund to become a reality, and be chill. in time your goodies will arrive, just relax.
again we run into the problem of people not fully understanding that kickstarter is not a store. there are no "orders" and therefore, nothing to cancel. your pledge is not payment for a product. you are offering people money to try and make their project happen. kickstarter does organize it into reward levels, whereby you share in the success of the projects you back. of course, this is only after the project has become successful. estimated delivery dates on kickstarter are not the same as delivery dates for shipping from a store. that is when they think the project will conclude and they can start shipping. this will never mean you can count on getting it that same month. for a project going from concept to manufacturing in this amount of time is impressive. i am surprised they are only missing their estimate by a few weeks.  and as long as i am on a rant, you should never expect a project with an estimated completion date of december to be a christmas present. something always comes up. even if they do ship in december, it may not get to you by christmas. i backed projects that were estimated to end in september, which i hoped would be christmas presents. i didn't count on them though, and i'm glad i didn't because they didn't get here in time. that's the nature of the beast. you support projects and people you believe in. you benefit if/when they succeed.
hi when i filled out the survey initially i had ordered an ice tube along with the ice chest, now that it seems there is a delay in delivery i would like to cancel the ice tube order. how do i go about that? thanks.
@jeff sturgeon & @mark griswold: thanks for the support!!
backers must understand that kickstarter is not a store. when you back a project, you’re helping to create something new — not ordering something that already exists. there’s a chance something could happen that prevents the creator from being able to finish the project as promised. the estimated delivery date is the creator’s estimate. the date listed on each reward is the creator’s estimate of when they will provide the reward — not a guarantee to fulfill by that date. the schedule may change as the creator works on the project. i've backed several and only one delivered on schedule. most are delayed weeks or months. one i'm actually considering a refund because of horrible communication and too many delays. this group has been pretty alert to communicating and i haven't lost trust in them. would i like it next week - yes. sucks i won't but i'll just wait for a better product.
while i share sam's frustration, i appreciate your commitment to getting it right.  i'm sure you are not happy about losing that holiday buzz you would have had as we offered out friends the choice between round or square crystal clear cubes.  in the long run we will all be happy.
@sam meyer: thanks for your feedback, please know that we understand your frustration and sincerely apologize that you were not able to deliver the ice chest as a holiday gift. while we do build in extra contingency time there can be additional unknowns when developing new products and especially with managing multiple outside vendors that can cause unforeseen delays. even after two funded projects we are still learning new ways to manage the development and manufacturing process to improve our operations and minimize potential disruptions and promise to continue getting better at it. thanks again for your feedback and support throughout the process, we truly appreciate it.
wouldn't it be nice to have a kickstarter project that ships on time? i think i'm batting about .150 on that. it's annoying when companies -- especially companies who have already successfully completed a kickstarter project -- don't build extra contingency time into their schedules, and promise things like holiday delivery when they can't do it. the card's nice but no substitute for a gift. this is more of an expression of frustration at seemingly every kickstarter project out there than at your particular project. i appreciate your attention to detail, but it'd sure be nice if it didn't come at the expense of your time commitments.
thank you zoheir el-eita! i totally blanked about the chests  mechanics and didn't even think about the dripping into the well.
@b_watching  i think that would be a waste of the juice due to the fact that only a small portion of it would be in the mold and most would be in the reservoir underneath, i simple iceball mold would be better off as you wouldnt lose any
can fruit juices like martinelli apple, lemon aid and cranberry be used?   i know the frozen shape won't be clear depending on the juice, but will the use of fruit juice ruin the mold?  by making it to sticky to clean etc.?
nice! i assumed as much, but thanks for the quick reply.
@sidmonk: great question, yes it does come with the clear spheres mold. we updated the add-on description in backerkit to reflect this. thanks!
does the ice chest add-on come with the sphere mold?
@jeff broughton: hey jeff- it will actually go out this morning! :)
any eta on the survey?
just got some fee brothers aztec chocolate bitters...... to use in my spiced rum old fashions...... in a glass with my ice spheres........
so excited!
@breck dittman: we will provide an opportunity to add on to existing orders when our survey goes out. look for an email from us next week!
@wintersmiths, can i upgrade my order by chance?
@sean doyle: we will post another update this week with more details but we are still on-target for shipping in december and hope to be able to get you your order by christmas!
how are things going we are half way through november. i was really hoping to get this for christmas
@earl, if you read 4 comments below yours, "you will be able to add on more ice chests, clear cubes/clear spheres molds, and ice ball tubes in november." while you cannot change your pledge level, you will be offered the opportunity to purchase the additional mold when the surveys are sent to us later this month.
can i change my funding level to get both molds?
@wintersmiths  that's great news, and i look forward to the update.
@mark griswold - we hope to give a comprehensive update in early november, we will have two of the four parts in our hands in the next week or so and the other two will arrive in early november. we are still on track to ship in early december!
just wanted to see if the first samples looked good, and to serving you anticipate any delays at this point. cheers!
@nullstarter yes, you will be able to add on more ice chests, clear cubes/clear spheres molds, and ice ball tubes in november.
i have moved to puerto rico at the army's discretion. how should i get you my new mailing address?
https://www.youtube.com/watch… hehe..
@wintersmiths, so in november, we can still add-on more iceball containers/molds? i wanted to add on, but havent been able to yet.
@celeritas our survey will likely go out in november - thanks!
has there been a survey sent out already?
how's that update coming?
can i update my pledge to include the 'cube' option?
thanks everyone!! we will post an update this week to answer these questions and let you know where we are at in the manufacturing process.
i would also like to add some ice cube moulds to my original barkeep package.
congrats guys! can't wait to get my ice sphere mold. for fellow fans keep an eye out on www.kickstarter.reviews for a review of the ice chest.
how can i add the ice cube mold now?
congrats guys! looking forward!
great news that you're now fully funded. i can't wait - just one mizuwara a day is no good for anyone who wants to share!
will you be using backerkit for surveys? i may have forgotten to add some extra money for the cube mold
congratulations on a fully funded project. looking forward to receiving ice chest.
congrats on another successful campaign!
can you keep the ice in the molds while in the freezer for an extended period of time or do you need to remove them from the molds and store them elsewhere? wondering if they become a problem to remove if you keep them in the molds too long.
we love all of the new mold ideas and will definitely put a few in the design queue. keep an eye out for a survey from us soon to vote on which you would like to see next!
@jason you can also point them to our video instructions- http://video.wintersmiths.com
@matthew sanders - yeah i was hoping to have a shot glass mold in a cylinder where we could freeze, then add a flower or a sliced lime, cherry, engagement ring, and refreeze. but not sure if it will still make clear ice on top by doing that. i wanted to try it on the spheres but i don't think it will stay centered. hence i was hoping for 2 molds to first make the shot glass then to remove the top and change it out. i got the idea while looking at picture of the rose in beauty and the beast where the flower was incased. so i thought a cylinder shape would be cool. also i just remembered that i bought some half cylinders that fit into water bottles. it'd be cool to make a longer mold that you can put into water bottles and coke bottles and beer bottles etc.
@jason - chris sent a link in the comments in the old project for gen1, i hope its okay to reuse his link. just wanted to help. http://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0283/5184/t/3/assets/ice_baller_instructions.pdf
i've been thinking about backing this for the last few weeks and finally decided what the hell...lets do this!  decided these would make amazing gifts for clients as well so i'm went ahead and went the route of the barkeep!  super stoked and can't wait to try this!
i think a collins mold, cylinder mold, or a mold that makes one big block for chiseling would be useful, although that last one would be an easier diy one than the others.
gents - i just pledged to this ks, but i have one of your previous kickstarter products.  i am plannning on giving that ice baller to one of my friends, but i lost the instructions.  do you have something that i can point him to on how to work the gen 1?
i think an egg shaped mold would be fun, especially in terms of putting things inside prior to freezing.
i'd definitely be down for a clear ice shot glass! fill em with vodka and put em back in the freezer till serving time! bombed!!
a shot glass would be awesome as the cheap china mold are too thin on the top and break easily - i think you would make an awesome shot glass mold!
@matthew sanders thanks! we are very excited to see all of the support for the ice chest. luckily we have successfully navigated the hectic post-kickstarter fulfillment rush before and feel well-equipped ;)
@daniel we do plan on offering additional mold shapes following the campaign. we will absolutely do a survey to see what folks want to see next!
wow, doing some quick math (without add-ons), you are already at almost 2200 ice chests, almost 400 cube molds, and over 1400 tubes. you have your work cut out for you. especially considering fulfillment, you will have your hands full. i'm glad this seems to be a success for you. thanks for taking the time and effort to put out such a great product!
approximately when are the final pieces for review due to arrive?
so will new mold shapes be available on your site later or on another kickstarter?
@daniel everything is on track, we are really pleased with how the ice chest came together and know you will be too. we'll share photos and a video with the final design when we have the first parts from our manufacturing partners. stay tuned!
any updates, wintersmiths? you've been much less active than your last kickstarter.
@eliah good enough for soda anyway... ;)
williams sonoma has molds that do not make clear ice, but the shapes are good. there is a skull, an anchor, a mustache, and a bulldog. the dog is fun because it sits at the bottom of your glass and looks up at you. the skulls look creepy if you put a raspberry in there (looks like a brain). any of those would be fun to have here.
how about a whiskey barrel mold with a bung in it?
@jared nakayama - maybe that works for you, but i don't want ice stuck to the bottom thats unable to mix with the drink or able to take out. and i want the elegance of seeing my clear ice in a glass. second its not all clear ice on the bottom. its the ice that has all the bubbles.
will the cubes fit in the storage tube? the video only shows the spheres in it and doesn't mention dimensions of the tube to figure it out myself.
i was wondering what mail carrier was going to be used to ship to canada?
@eliah yes there is a cylinder created with the original if you froze the bottom half as well. you should check out another project called ice liner.  it's not exactly what you're asking for but it gives you a cylinder lining in a cup or martini glass.
oh btw on the lemon i meant lime. =/ @jeff , i also like the idea of the sports molds, would make watching the game fun. maybe chris can also get nba and other leagues to make molds with their logos or of their favorite schools even. i think a lot of people will buy into this.
@jared nakayama - actually it does not make cylinder clear ice nor does it add as a hollow cylinder(shot glass), which was along the line of what i was thinking. just i mentioned other use for it, like being able to put in fresh fruit or drinks aka alcohol. i was thinking more of the line of either as a full block cylinder or a hollow cylinder or a cup. so by having an optional middle mold that you can put inside and freeze depending on your application. then we would be able to make puck(disc), a shot glass, or a pure cylinder, was what i was thinking of. i don't know if that can happen but thats what i meant. also would like to try this but since my molds were thrown away by my caregiver i don't have any to try. i just thought it would be cool to be able to freeze a strawberry in the middle of the ice baller. lemon or kiwi etc. now if there was a way to make it stay in the middle =). the original the ice was always stuck at the bottom of the stainless steel cup.
can you keep the ice in the molds for an extended period of time or do you need to remove them and store them elsewhere? wondering if they become a problem to remove if you keep them in the molds too long.
@eliah chen the original iceballer made those as a side-benefit of the process.  seriously used it for large cups of soda. @mark thats a great idea (no idea on plausibility either as it seems like a difficult mold).  but something to that effect would be pretty nice. @jeff only one id be weary of is the hockey puck.  itd be cool if it stayed at the bottom, but if it floated up to the top of the cup, it'd make drinking annoying.
the sports mold package would be killer ... a golf ball a basketball a football a hockey puck or soccer ball
ooh a clear shot glass would be really cool, and being able to make four of those would be perfect for a party.
i don't know if it's possible, but it would be really fun to have a shot glass mold. fill it up and drink, or drop the shot into your mixer. definitely would be a head turner!
i think a cylinder shape would be super or one in a shape of a pill. you can just drop one into every cup. also a mold to make an optional hollow ice cylinder to put your favorite fruits or deserts or smoothie would be cool.
hahaha...then you need a video game style fireball (think street fighter ryu super hadouken) /nerdstuff
sorry for all the posts but i just keep thinking of things: 8-ball or set of billiard balls, set of sports balls (foot-, base-, basket-, tennis, bowling, soccer), set of fruits (apple, strawberry, anything round or round-ish, really).
i liked matthew's idea for a mold with four different shapes. maybe four polyhedrons: dodecahedron (d12),  d20, buckyball (32 sides), geodesic sphere (many tiny triangles). novelty shapes could be: golf ball, death star, gemstone, smiley face, egg, lego, heart (not an anatomical one). i'm not a fan of a skull, but i'm glad you're planning a survey for us to choose.
@all - thanks for the additional mold ideas, keep them coming! we will send out a survey soon with the top options so you can all vote on what comes next.
@patrick @braxton - in our testing the ice chest very reliably produces crystal clear ice balls every time. as braxton mentions there can be slight nipples and a light seam of ice but they are significantly reduced from the ice baller model and disappear immediately when you prepare your drink. the video shows take 2 so that is why the balls are oriented in a strange way- we will post another instructional video when we receive the first articles from our manufacturing partners. thanks!
@braxton howard i figured it was something like that, thank you very much for your response. mind now at ease ;-)
@patrick i have the original ice ball maker from these guys and every time it is a crystal clear ball.  there is a small nipple that will be at the bottom and maybe top that is fixed by a quick hit of warm water but other than that they are great every time. my guess on the split of the mold is either like you suggested, it was previously opened so the video would be more smooth or because the ice expanded as it froze.  not sure.
just watching the video again. in the beginning when the rubber part of the mold comes out there is a gap between the two halves before they are separated, is this normal? also it seems counter intuitive that the seam on the ball is perpendicular and nipple was 90 degrees from where it should be, according to the seams of the two mold halves. were the balls moved or set up just for the purposes of the video like that? i'm not trying to be antagonistic just curious as to whether every attempt will yeild ice balls just like the ones in the video, what the success rate is etc. i have an ice press and the lack of clarity in the ice press balls along with the cracks drives me crazy. i would be thrilled to hear that these 4 balls are a sure thing every time :-) still very excited about this project! thank you.
i'd back a d20 mold....
i'm going to back the earlier suggestion of skulls. however, it might also be fun to see a themed novelty set with one each of four different shapes in a single mold. i know none of these ideas will play into the kickstarter campaign, but i do think you will find a market for additional molds. i know it would add a ton of value to the ice chests we are buying. keep up the great work guys!
@daniel lol at d20.  deathstar would be cool too.  comical eyeball would be funny.
although i realized catering to geek culture isn't really your style so any many-sided polyhedron, like a buckyball, would be cool.
your description talks about future molds and shapes. are you working on others after the cube or have some planned to release on your site or as a mold-only ks? perhaps one final stretch goal/mold to finish up this project strong? a d20 mold would be cool.
@peter the clear cubes mold makes 2" square cubes
that is correct @jared. @christopher & @ofir, the molds are very expensive to manufacture and we are offering them at the lowest price possible to our backers.
what is the size of the ice cube from the mold?
@christopher to be fair, that is the functional and more expensive part of it.  you could put it in a plastic container full of water at that point.
completely agree with ofir.  the cubes are a great addition, but not $30 great. chop that by 50% and we'll be talking.
i like the idea of clear cubes but 30$ for an add-on its too much for me. love to see more stretch goals
congrats on blowing past the goal (again!).  any plans to add some stretch goals for the last two weeks?
we will post a detailed instructional video as soon as we can. it probably would make the most sense to wait until we have the first articles of the parts from our manufacturing partners so that you can see the final version in action. we can assure you that it is super simple to use. you fill the ice chest with water first, insert the mold, then pop it in the freezer - that's it! after ~24 hours you remove it from the freezer, peel the mold out of the ice chest using the side handles and separate the two mold haves to use your ice balls or cubes.
i would also like to see a video of filling the ice chest and removing the balls from the mold. that and i cannot wait to see what stretch goals you guys have to spring on us. thanks for the cube molds. i prefer the spheres for most things, but cubes are a nice option. plus it indicates that you can continue offering add-on mold shapes/sizes in the future. i have been looking long and hard for a product like this. thanks for putting in the time and effort. i hope it makes you a lot of money.
when you can it would be great if you could post a video of the ice cube, hard to tell from the picture. thanks!!
hi. what are the measurements of the chest in centimeters?
dear wintersmiths, is there a possibility to buy another ice-chest on top of the original pledge? warmest regards, jin
are you serious?  i gave up my early bird first 500 already.
hey everyone- our apologies for the confusion! if you would like to add only one clear cubes mold to your pledge, click the blue "manage my pledge" button on the right and increase your pledge by $30. if you would like to add two, increase your pledge by $60, etc. if you are an early bird "first 500" backer, you can add $30 to your pledge to get the clear cubes and clear spheres molds and you can also add $10 to get an ice ball tube for storage.
i am also curious if we can just add one cube mold. (i got the barkeep)
like another commenter below, i also was lucky enough to get the early bird price and was also wondering if you were going to offer add-ons so that we don't have to lose our spot if we want the storage tube and the new square cube option?
looking forward to this one.
i meant adding one "cube" mold in addition to the two sphere molds.
i have an odd request: if we're on the entertainer pledge but want to add only one ice cube mold can we just add the $30 or is it one entertainer package or the other?
hey guys any chance of the option to add the cubes to the barkeep?  or just throwing one in ; )
i sent a pm but haven't received a reply. i'm wondering if the project is able to offer lower shipping rates for canadians? most projects i've backed found that shipping rates to canada from the us are roughly half of international shipping rates. i remember such an offer being extended in the last project. thanks!
also since i am early bird, can i add extra to buy ice ball tube? if can, how much?
@creator, for early bird, if i want ice cubes mold, do i need to pay extra shipping fee if i am an international backer?
just noted now got ice cube too. :p
has there been any talk about what other molds might work well with the ice chest now that you have reached your goal? i personally would love to see a skull one
@marty mann the concerns mainly come from those that own the original ice baller which was a 1-ball system.  but think about if you only use one or two at a time.  still got leftovers that create an order, especially if you need to make another batch.
so i was thinking about this storage tube opening at both ends thing.  presumably this is for a "first in, first out" deal, no? but the tube holds 4 balls, and the ice chest makes 4 balls, so wont the 4 balls in the tube all be the same age? just curious if i missed something, i use pringle cans anyway.
18-24hrs, that seems very reasonable. certainly less time than freezing a large block of clear ice in an open cooler (more than 2days for a lunchbox sized one), melting or cleaving the cloudy section out, dividing it into ice press sized portions and then hoping the ball comes out decent without any flat spots. oh and at a mere fraction of the cost. consider me sold!
certainly not beyond reason, i figured it would take a while because of the process, and larger ice size than most ice cubes, but wasn't sure really.  thanks for the response, and +1 for the tubes being able to open on both sides.
@tyler von oy we love the idea of giving your dog a go at an ice ball! it will take roughly 18-24 hours to freeze the set of 4 ice balls depending on your specific freezer conditions. this is because to make them crystal clear we must make them freeze unidirectionally which will slow down the process.
+1 on the time to create the ice balls, just using them for beverages here though ;-)
don't mean to take away from the classiness and elegance of the ice balls being used for drinks... but i know a dog or 2 who will be thrilled to get their mouth around one of these instead of a regular ice cube... not to mention it would seem to be almost the perfect size for using as sling/tennis ball launcher ammunition.  one question though, how long does it typically take for a set of 4 to freeze?  8 hours? 24 hours?  i know it would depend slightly on the freezer temp, but... rough estimate?
@chiman choi we have found that the ice balls generally won't stick together in the ice ball tube and if they do it's easy to separate without damaging them. the difference between the ice chest and the magic ice orb press is that you simply fill the ice chest with water and freeze to achieve clear ice balls whereas the ice orb press requires you to already have a clear block of ice that you then form into a ball- so there are additional steps required with that device.
@keith wong unfortunately the ice chest must stand upright in your freezer
@daniel kodipelli yes, that was a typo but kickstarter wouldn't let us change so we created another pledge level.
first of all how does the ice ball tube storage work? won't the ice balls stick together? second, what's the difference between your ice shperes makers and the magic ice orb press?
can i check whether the ice chest can be laid on its side in the freezer after filling in the water? will it leak? my freezer might not be deep enough for it to stand upright.
whats the difference between the two connoisseur-pledges?  i presume dec 15 is a typo and it should be dec 14?
hey everyone! we are working on a stretch goal but want to make sure that it adds a ton of value and doesn't distract from the ultimate goal of bringing the ice chest to market. stay tuned for an update soon!   // chris & pat
thanks!!!
what about add a tiny balls thingy as a stretch goal;)?
ordinary tap water, mountain spring or bottled water will work best. we have found that although ice from distilled water comes out mostly clear, it tends to have some streaking in it.
as with the first ice ballet, you can usually just use tap water.
did the clarity question of using distilled or mountain spring water instead of tap water get answered yet?
very excited about this project! hope to see some stretch goals and ways to add the tubes/cases for early backers!
+1 for stretch goal. :p
will there be a stretch target like with your previous project ? best regards pelle
hi, would be cool if you would also release a product which creates smaller balls for cocktails.
thanks for all of the feedback! we have not heard of issues with the current ice ball tubes but can absolutely look into moving to a version that can be opened from either end and increase the durability. we feel the ice ball tube is a better solution than the ice ball case for most because it can fully lock out the air and there are more options to make space for it in your freezer. we are looking into the best way to allow early bird backers to add ice ball tubes to their pledge - stay tuned for more information on this!
this product is going to go 10x the initial project goal easily with so many more days to go however, to make things go even faster please consider the following (it was also mentioned by people earlier in the posts) 1. allow us to add on by manually adjusting the backing reward amount for additional tubes ($12/tube) or 4-ball ice ball case ($20/case).  these are the prices on your website so it should definitely be do-able.  we prefer to buy and ship together with our ice chest to save shipping costs so we'd rather not buy from the website separately. 2. please clarify if the problems do occur with the bottom breaking for the ice tubes.  if that's the case, please allow the add on of the 4 ball case instead.  i would definitely prefer the much classier looking case instead of the tube fore $8 bucks more. 3. i do agree that if we can only open on one side, then it will be difficult to use the ball that's right at the bottom (which is the oldest ball). please consider all these as a possibility, or maybe even include them as stretch goals.  though considering they are already available on your site, i don't see why they need to be stretch goals.  maybe have a stretch goal of a tube that can be opened from both ends. thank you
congratulation for reaching your initial goal!!!
@keith exactly why i swapped to the $150.  all the benefits and basically the earlybird500 x2 with free tubes.  figure i'll eventually need to get one for my father anyway, so works well for me.  looks like there were a while lot that followed suit as well. but i'd go back to the $75 if there were potential bonuses involved.
can we have the option to add on additional ice chest or ice tubes for the first 500? the $95 bundle for the ice chest + ice tube doesn't seems like a good deal considering that the ice tube is only $12 as indicated on your website. early backers who get the ice chest @ $75 who wants additional ice tubes have to choose your $95 option which doesn't make sense.
i'm in! i can't have a drink without an ice ball. i am hoping these disassemble a lot easier (particularly after freezing for longer than needed). the tubes? i just rinse out pringle cans with hot water, & let 'em dry. they hold 4 ice balls and keep them in good condition for (at least) a month, they don't stick together or melt during defrost cycles, and they don't crack ever (try 'em tom). i agree with  eli curtz  about leaving the logo off the inside of the mold, for the same reasons.
excellent to see you guys back, love my first one, but its too tall for my rubbish student fridge, this should solve that!
i'm an original ice ball owner and i love it. one improvement that i would love to see is something done to the extra water/ice waste that freezes at the bottom of the mold. maybe if there were some groves in it so we can smash it and make regular old cloudy ice cubes? i hope i'm making sense :) looking fwd to the new project!
so excited to be a part of this!!! i had heard of you only after your last project was over. my question is using tap water is great and economical.... but if i have a guest with a medical condition and they need to have distilled water in their diet, will distilled or mountain spring water work in your system and make clear ice?
@tom while i can totally relate to your 1) comment, i have not had the same issue with the plastic tubes.  i would say, though, that having a one-sided opening to the tube is a bit problematic as you are then forced to either empty out all the other balls or use the latest ice ball when drinking (ie, the last one stays in there and gets the ice buildup). looking forward to this as it takes a few days with two iceballers now to prep for a party.  but hey, i use it for daily drinks anyway. even used the bottom of the remains of the ice baller metal cup for soda/water.  slainte.
i like my ice baller and use it daily so i welcome this four ball model. a few comments:   1) on the current model, the extra ice often clings to the baller, is easily knocked off and cracked for additional clear ice. but sometimes it clings instead to the metal base and can only be melted out.  is there a trick to prevent that? 2) i find if i use a touch of salad oil around the inner white ball maker, the outer removes more easily. otherwise i have to run a lot of hot water to free the outer piece so as to get to the inner one. i hope the new design works more readily.  3) the plastic tube looks like it is just an overpriced tennis ball tube. (is it?) as soon as it drops, when frozen, the plastic cracks easily and the bottom drops out. i've only had my two tubes for several weeks and already they must be held together by tape. i hope you find a more freezer friendly plastic for these.
@zoheir el-eita we will send you a note with more information. thanks!
i love my ice baller and have always wished i had another one. this new product looks awesome! good luck guys!
@rob shipman good catch, we will try to fix that typo although ks might not let us know that folks have backed that tier!
@eli curtz we don't plan on having the logo on the ball for this model. thanks for the feedback!
@tim ayres & @grant schildhouse thanks for the support!
i've been getting more out of the ice baller than any of my other kickstarter products. i trust you will kill it with this higher volume version, as well. good luck!
please consider leaving off the logo this time. it doesn't survive long enough to be readable in the drink but it does make a little indent in the ball.
questions i have 1. how easy is it to bbreak the top mould from the base unit once the ice is frozen? 2. will you will have posts on the bottom and top? 3.with the original the bottom rubber base came apart when trying to remove from fridge what is the bottom going to be designed with this time 4. expected weight when full 5. what is the base made of?
brilliant!  love the new design. also, i believe there is a typo on the $95 tier description.  estimated delivery is dec 2015 - all other tiers are dec 2014.
oh yes, yes, yes! very much needed in the first and lexington offices!
