quick status update on my last comment from july last year. chris and i came to an agreement which will work out for both of us. i am thankful that he reached out to me and kept the contact alive. it sometimes took some time to get a reply but he still tries to keep his promises which i respect. regarding other kickstarter projects, chris definitely is someone who doesn’t give up.
benjamin, please forgive me for the delayed reply. i just saw your comment now. thank you for filling out the form. i have just sent you an email with a link to get your nori lights. thank you so much for your kind words. it means more to me than i can express. please enjoy your nori lights!
wow, can't believe i missed all of this news. don't guess i got an email from kickstarter notifying me of any updates to this campaign. just filled out the form. too late? no big deal if so, i wrote this one off long ago but i do appreciate how you have never backed down and have gone to great lengths to make this kickstarter a sterling example for other creators facing obstacles. i am certain that most creators would have given up by now, but you have not, and it is inspiring.
john moreno, you never accepted the upgrade offer. about a year and a half ago over 150 of our backers received their rewards. they each filled out the upgrade request form for the improved nori lights v.2. almost to the day, one year ago, you posted a comment on here, and in response i sent you a private message inviting you to review the last three updates for details regarding the upgrade offer and the link to the online form. i've gone to great lengths and paid thousands out of my own pocket to fulfill our rewards. please do not post defamatory comments. they are not appreciated. you have my direct personal cell phone number, and you have my email address. if you have any comments or concerns, you are welcome to contact me directly. thank you.
ha!  this is too funny.  today is january 18, 2016 and i have never received my nori lights. what a scam.
still nothing, chris. my lawyer advised me to remind you about the lights or the option, to send me my money back. please respond in 2 weeks time.
"all of the backers that have filled out that form have had their nori lights shipped out to them." haven't received anything yet. can you check into it please.
same boat as john. i'm pretty sure i filled out the form but still nothing received yet!
hello.  today is january 15, 2015 - not sure if i overlooked any messages.  i have never received my nori lights.  is there a problem i should be aware of?
i have yet to receive my nori lights.  might you know the status of my order?
hi adam, please check out the last 3 updates, starting with the one posted on june 18th. there is a link to an upgrade form in that update. all of the backers that have filled out that form have had their nori lights shipped out to them. let me know if you have any questions. you can email me at norilights@gmail.com. thank you.
chris, any update? i've basically given up hope. i know you've had some hardships but please take the time to let us know what's happening. if we aren't going to receive out rewards, at least let us know so we can purchase alternative lighting options.
hi chris, at last after waited for almost 2 years. finally got it today!!!!
still waiting.
i sent a message and e-mail.  please reply.
mark, fortunately, i do not need to "attempt to brand you as a malcontent and a liar". you continue to do a great job of that without my help. you say: "personally i only back arts things on kickstarter for a couple of bucks, because of this kickstarter." this is a blatant lie. and yet… http://ourpursuitoftruth.com/img/mark1-sm.jpg your own kickstarter profile shows that you’ve backed 10 projects since the time you backed the nori lights. out of those 10, zero of them were art projects. you received your nori lights a year ago, and now, ironically one day after i announce that the remaining backers waiting for their rewards will receive a new improved version, you decide to take photos of your nori lights and “complain”? in all of our discussions and messaging back and forth before you received your lights, you told me you were going to be drastically modifying them and installing them on this motorcycle… http://ourpursuitoftruth.com/img/r1200gs.jpg but now your pictures show your exaggerated and improper installation attempts on a bicycle? your photos are just a continuation of your misrepresentation of the truth. in these images…  http://ourpursuitoftruth.com/img/mark38.jpg and http://ourpursuitoftruth.com/img/mark19.jpg you can clearly see that not only have you managed to forcefully wedge the pod in between the wheel and the fork leaving it hanging without being held up by the band, but you actually have it placed directly in the path of the brake pad. if you had bothered to install it properly and placed it one inch lower along the black inner rim, you clearly would have enough room for the pods, as seen in these photos. http://ourpursuitoftruth.com/img/mark2.jpg and http://ourpursuitoftruth.com/img/mark3.jpg in this photo… (http://ourpursuitoftruth.com/img/mark5.jpg) it is painfully obvious that you are not even trying to install the pods correctly. i think it’s really sad that a grown man would mutilate the back of the pods only to post pictures of it online and try to claim that this was how he received it. http://ourpursuitoftruth.com/img/mark11.jpg this is a photo that i posted on our kickstarter project page in an update, prior to our project being funded. http://ourpursuitoftruth.com/img/mark16.jpg and you are saying you’re upset because you received this. http://ourpursuitoftruth.com/img/mark10.jpg regarding the glow stripes, they are not hand cut. the glow stripes are all cut by a machine. we feed the stripes leading end into the machine and the first 3-6 inches of length may be a bit uneven, but if you actually measure the length of stripes you get, you’ll notice that we provide more than enough length past the 6 inches of leader. the machine rolls this end up at the core of the roll, so we don’t bother to unroll it to cut off a few inches. instead we provide excess in overall length to more than make up for it. dozens of our other backers received the exact same design as you, but their feedback had quite a different tone... “use the lights now for some time and its brilliant, lots of ohhhh's, ahhhhh's and cool's from people i pass.” –lennart v. “my norilights arrived today! i couldn't be happier with them. they are a great product.” -joseph r. “i just wanted to say a massive thank you as i have received the nori light kit and have just finished fitting it to my biomega singlespeed bike. wow, what can i say but wow!  it truly is amazing in the flesh and when i tried the bike outside just now where it is really dark i felt light i was riding a light cycle straight out of tron. my brother saw it and was blown away, he wants a set now…  i can honestly say it has been worth the wait. i wish you all the very best for the future with norilights as it is an innovative, fantastic product and i will be more than likely making a repeat purchase for my brothers birthday.” -james c. your own screen capture shows that you have had my personal cell phone number for over a year and you’ve had your nori lights for almost just as long. but you chose to not to call me, instead you felt suddenly driven to post your concerns the day after i announced that our remaining backers are being offered a new improved version. http://ourpursuitoftruth.com/img/mark14.jpg several times over, you have violated everything written in the kickstarter community guidelines. http://ourpursuitoftruth.com/img/mark15.jpg the photos you have shared only tell me that you will go to great lengths to create the appearance of a problem. it is really unfortunate that you could not let yourself enjoy the nori lights. but it is completely unacceptable that you would post deceiving photos and blatant lies on our project page. your efforts serve no purpose. none. regardless, i wish you well. now please move on.
ok chris, i won't comment on the quality of your work, which i admit is just my opinion, but here's where i'm coming from:  i gave you $85 for this kickstarter, and i gave you $20 more for shipping when you said you needed it, but you didn't actually ship them. someone from the bay area went down and got them from you.  so i'm into this for $105 that i worked to earn, and here's what that $105 turned into: https://www.flickr.com/photos/8854387@n06/sets/72157644910523177/  yes, i am upset with you, and disappointed in this kickstarter.  you can attempt to brand me as a malcontent and a liar, but...  well, i think your responses to your frustrated backers speak for themselves.
a simple "no i will not be giving refunds" (making options clear) would have sufficed ..
i would like to be clear that i welcome and encourage honest feedback, positive and negative. but please understand the emphasis on the word "honest".
mark, i'd like to remind you that you insisted on not including the proper batteries in you kit, because you were intending to hack them to work on your motorcycle, even though i advised against it. it sounds like when you cut up your nori lights and re-wired or hacked it to run off of the battery on your bike, you may have also fried your leds. in reading your comments throughout this project, and you comments on other projects, i doubt there is anything anyone can do to please you.  in your own words you disclose your insatiable hunger for being a victim, in order to justify your desire to stay angry and blind to your potential to be happy. "...i wish i still had the right to be as angry as the other people..." the reality is that 96% of our backers have been very understanding. your claim "the product you produce costs pennies" is cute. "personally i only back arts things on kickstarter for a couple of bucks, because of this kickstarter."  i think someone must be hacking into your account again, since it says you've backed 10 projects since the nori lights project. none of which were "art" projects. i don't mean to bust your b@lls mark, well ok, i kinda do. but seriously, if you are over the nori lights project, then be over it and move on. nothing beneficial will come to you by trolling our comments and telling blatant lies. i wish you well, and thank you for having been a part of this project.
hi clare, i am planning to address those requests in the next update. as i said in the most recent one, "i have a lot more to share with all of you, and a few comments to address, so please keep an eye out for additional updates over the next couple days." but i'd be happy to address all of your recent comments right now for you. there will not be any refunds issued to any of our backers. i honestly feel that, with all things considered, requesting a refund is ridiculous, and i can think of only 3 reasons why a kind and intelligent individual such as yourself or mayoikondalnu or anyone else that backed this project would deem it appropriate to request a refund.  1) confusing "backing a project" with "buying a product"  2) misunderstanding the reasons and events that caused this project to be set back, or 3) a general distaste for the world and the need to seek out a role of victimization to the point that one can never be satisfied with anything and continuing to numb and blind one's self to the reality that they themselves are directly responsible for their own happiness. further clarification of reasons 1 and 2 will be included in the up coming update. your comment: “ if you had 'several thousand' dollars in paypal like you claim then you should have done the decent thing and payed me back ages ago” perhaps you didn’t read the comments to that post on facebook where on april 28th, i explained that in the last week of february, we received a relatively large order from a retailer in south africa…“which triggered some flags with paypals system (which i'm finding out is extremely common for any business to experience paypal freezing funds as a result of growth in sales). our funds were transferred out of paypal at the end of that week, and over the weekend i had initiated a transfer back to paypal to cover the cost of a large transaction with usps (for the cost of shipping all of the remaining kickstarter rewards”… “when i went to make the payment to usps, i found out paypal had already frozen all of the funds in our account, and had applied the rolling reserve.” we had access to those funds for less than 24 hours, and during that time, we were busy preparing to purchase shipping labels for all of our remaining backers.   in your next comment you mention that i failed to respond to your emails, messages, and comments. but after reviewing my inbox, i see that i’ve been quite prompt in replying to your emails.  in your comment you go on making outrageous claims suggesting that when my aunt posted a “thank you” her gesture of appreciation is an example of how i have wronged you. then, in the same sentence you claim that i lied when i said your nori lights had shipped.  the other false assumptions and accusations that you have used to decorate your comments leave me with little interest in entertaining them in a response.  instead, for the first time, i am not going to be apologetic for this project. i am not the cause of the delays or setbacks of this project. i am not the reason why you have not received your nori lights. the way i see it is that this project is a triumphant success, proven only by the fact that i did not give up or even considered calling it quits.  after all of the materials for the rewards had been purchased,  the unexpected legal expenses that this project encountered (which will be discussed in much more detail in the up-coming update) had wiped out the remaining funds.  in fact, i am still making payments on about $2500 in legal fees that the project budget did not cover. and on top of that, since the beginning of last year, i have been fully accepting of paying for the shipping of almost all of our backers rewards from my own pocket. the majority of our other backers that are also still waiting for their rewards have been and continue to be understanding and encouraging. it selfish and unreasonable for one person to seek a return on their pledge, knowing that it would directly cause even further delays to the other project backers that have been so patient and supportive while waiting for their rewards. despite the feelings that you have fabricated towards me, and the slanderous comments you have posted, i sincerely have no negative feelings towards you, clare. this project has been faced with many obstacles, and i have been fighting through them for you and all of our backers. i’m on your team. and i want you to be on my team. i thought you would have been thrilled with some of the added features the new nori lights v.2, as the offer a perfect solution for your intended use. in a message you sent me a while ago, you said “...i use various bikes and want to be able to loan then to my daughter & son too - they don't ride much but i want them safe when they do.” the previous design required the activating pods to be zip-tied to the bicycle frame. while they could be removed and re-installed, it would have likely become tedious over time. the new system is wireless and each pod is enclosed in a silicone housing that straps itself to the frame. installation, removal, and re-installation is as easy as it could possibly be. plus, to compensate for the additional cost of c-rings, i have offered to provide a voucher for an extra set of glow stripes. set up the stripes on each of your bikes, and just swap out the pods onto which ever bike you decide to use that day. i saw the new version in action last night. it’s absolutely stunning in person. if you have any questions, please let me know. my personal cell phone was posted in the most recent update, feel free to give me a call, or send me a message or email. i will try my best to help.
and nori lights continues to knowingly infringe on patents of lunasee. and surprised the new so called redesign is called "universal"... i'm guessing there are a lot of bikes with brake components or shocks where this light is not going to fit where it needs to be (brakes, shocks, etc could get in the way). refunds should have been provided a long time ago...
are you rebranding these?   http://www.amazon.com/sodial-tm-waterproof-silicone-bicycle/dp/b009vwf2ec/ref=sr_1_2…
could you please address the requests you have had for refunds? when will you be honouring these?
mayoikondainu - i just posted an update and offered to those that have not received their nori lights a chance to upgrade to the newest version, at no additional cost. this new version does not accommodate for the c-rings option. but that shouldn't matter to you because you didn't pledge for c-rings, and your bike does not require c-rings anyway. they style of rims that you have are a perfect fit for the adhesive glow stripes. i highly encourage you to follow the link in the update and fill out the form. if you do, your nori lights will ship before the end of the month.
i have not received the product yet.  update?  what are you saying?
you took my money in 2012 and never delivered the goods .. you failed to reply to emails/messages/comments and allow 6+months to go by without updates, all the while continuing to promote/post elsewhere, take & even sometimes deliver new orders (cant help but wonder if that's the real reason your paypal was frozen) .. from what i've read here you've also been sent extra money to facilitate immediate shipping from others but still did not ship to them .. at one point you said you would make sure the backers got their lights before family/friends, yet i've read a thank-you from an 'aunt', and you've told me twice that i would receive my lights in 1-3wks, but of course that never happened .. so no i am not frustrated chris, theft, lies, & lack of replies has taken me way beyond frustrated, and this since you don't get it, is how you've "wronged me"/us .. so once again i request an immediate refund of my $99+$15shipping, then i promise you'll never have to deal with me again!
"clare, it remains unclear to me where you animosity comes from." you seem to be struggling with that one a little, so i'll help you out here:  you took their money in good faith and didn't deliver anything.  from their perspective, well over a year later, they feel like they've been ripped off and frankly, rightly so. i'm actually a bit sore that i got mine, the quality is such crap that i wish i still had the right to be as angry as the other people that backed you that got nothing.  now i've got some poorly designed, low quality 3d prints, a few leds, some globs of hot glue, and a little wire.  oh, and the hand cut glow tape.  and rubber bands.  the "product" you produce costs pennies, and you charged $85. personally i only back arts things on kickstarter for a couple of bucks, because of this kickstarter.  i bet you lots of others feel as i do, but heck, i wagered $85 that you could produce a product, and i lost.  my fault, lesson learned.
still waiting. please contact me.
clare, it remains unclear to me where you animosity comes from. i do understand and share your frustration for you not having received your nori lights. but the attitude in your posts comes across as if i have wronged you in some way. if you are going to quote something that i said on may 4th, please read the comments i posted on may 5th and may 9th. the same goes for our facebook page. i assumed all of our backers kept up with our facebook page. and if you read the full post, then you also noticed that i said "the pending shipments will be sent out in the order we received them, including the remaining kickstarter rewards that i still owe to our original backers - who have been amazingly patient and supportive". perhaps you also noticed the most recent facebook post from may 27th that said  "after calling for a couple of months to get through to somebody at paypal, i found the president of paypal on linkedin and wrote him a message to his account. the following day, i received a phone call from a paypal executive that has been assigned to our account and working with us on this matter. i will post another update with our progress shortly. thanks everybody for being so patient." in regards to requesting a refund, i address this in the update i will be posting. i have been preparing this update for some time. i hope you read it and find its contents informative and helpful.
'this afternoon' -  riiight .. let me guess, paypal has frozen your account so you now can't ship out any orders, but you'll do it as soon as you can .. yeah i keep up with the nori lights facebook page even tho i refuse to 'like' it .. it's just same old same old now, and i'm really not interested in hearing more excuses .. i asked for my refund last year so if you had 'several thousand' dollars in paypal like you claim then you should have done the decent thing and payed me back ages ago!
hey. any news on the update?
this update contains a lot of information, some of which has changed in the last 5 days. i'm just trying to ensure the information is complete and accurate before posting it.
though you had to say, "i will be posting an update this afternoon." and in five days, do you still do not have an update?  you do you say can that why you can not?
hi ben. yes, i am still compiling the update. it's going to be a lengthy one, as there is a lot of information that i want to cover. i just found out that my grandmother has a dentist appointment in 30 minutes. so when i get back i will finish writing it and get it posted as soon as i can. thank you.
is there going to be an update?
i will be posting an update this afternoon. thanks everybody.
... i'm still waiting
it's also completely unacceptable that you took, and _fulfilled_, orders through your website before even fulfilling the majority of kickstarter backers: http://www.bentrideronline.com/messageboard/showthread.php…
what going on?
as a show of good faith, chris, you need to post a status update soon with details of your situation and what your plan to resolve this is. you can't continue to ignore this and hope it will go away.
any status or update?
how do i get my money back?! i'm so super disappointed! i'm a bike messenger from berlin, germany and we have all been waiting for this product to arrive!!! can we all riot up now at kickstarter?! i already asked my bank and they said it's impossible to withdraw the money, since it has been over a year ago. i guess chris is now just having a beautiful time with the 16,369 dollars and the trust of all the customers. i'm never purchasing anything again from kickstarter.
when i support it from japan, the collection of the fund is hopeless. is there not any means?
if wait any longer, please return the my money.
today is january 8, 2014 - i believe this was the first time that i was cheated out of my money from a kickstarter project and given blatant lies about a product for which i never recieved not even a refund.  i have no sympathy for those who make empty promises/commitments.
i'm not associated with these guys at all, but for those of you that never got your lights, and for those of us that received what is arguably a fairly pants product from this kickstarter, this might be an interesting option: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/radlicht/radlicht-first-functional-side-lighting-solution… they've actually designed this so it can use rechargeable batteries, unlike the nori lights design which cannot use anything but non rechargeable lithiums. good luck-
how do i get a refund? i think for the delay in the development of current, you ought to present a refund.
from the norilights websites faq: http://www.norilights.com/faq-ordership.html "depending on the amount of stock we have on hand when we receive your order, it may take anywhere from 4 days to 3 weeks." from the norilights facebook page: http://i43.tinypic.com/2r6fr75.png (=1 week turn-around) yet here we all are still waiting for you to honor your commitment, a year after payment .. i request an immediate refund, that's $99 + $15 for international postage, and i promise to update here if i ever get one so that others may know if this was resolved ..
hey mate, it has been more than one year that this project has been funded, we've all been really patient and considerate, but this lack of updates is just disrespectful for the people who backed you in this project.
how do i get a refund?  i don't expect this product to ever be delivered as promised.
chris, trying to be considerate.  original pledge of $85 was in october 2012, then contributed $20 in april to help with shipping. answered you request for info and expected follow-up. some folks have gotten deliver but can see from comments that a number of participants are disappointed and have not gotten an update. your website looks like it is taking orders. last update #16 on 5/30/2013 said 102 backers were still awaiting for their shipment. how about some consideration for the backers. please provide an update. if you are low on funds and can not deliver product at this time you should say so. dick
chris, any updates? i see through the facebook link below that you are continuing to advertise your products elsewhere even though most of the backers here have not received theirs. are you trying to sell in other places so that you can recoup expenses lost in the original kickstarter run? i'm trying to stay positive but the lack of updates is not encouraging. can you at least say something? it's been months. adam
still awaiting c ring systems as well...
i have not received yet.
updating facebook page.  https://www.facebook.com/norilights no update, no shipment, on this kickstarter project.  i've never received my nori lights. i was disappointed.
hey mate, haven't had a response for a while. have you been getting my messages?
really frustrating with the lack of updates over a year later now and nothing.
had a damn close call last night which naturally made me think about the lights i ordered a year ago, and how despite being told by chris that mine shipped 8weeks ago nothing has arrived .. i'm even more infuriated by the fact they're now advertising these lights in different colours and other models for wheel-chairs etc, either more people are being ripped-off or he really just doesn't give a toss about doing right by those who kickstarted his product, and either way it's un-acceptable!
chris any chance of a update, appreciate you've had issues with the fulfillment of the orders but this has dragged on somewhat now. can you advise of the status of my order please?
i have been communication with norilights@gmail.com for 6 plus months. i sent measurements for c-rings and pics back before may of 2013 as directed. no response to recent email inquiries and would like to know status?
status?
no nori lights yet...status?
i have not received yet.
hello chris, my nori lights arrived this morning via usps - very excited to get these installed, i'll write in with any questions. kind regards, - thomas
chris, where is my nori lights?
hi arthur, i just sent you a message regarding the status of your nori lights.
i've never received my nori lights and from all the false promises made, i doubt i ever will.  very tired of empty promises and nonsense excuses.  i think my money went to fund someone's personal needs.  please don't bother insulting anyone again.
hi chris, any updates on delivery? i'm in australia, probably left out last, but it's been a while since i send the survey. i know you've had set backs, but it's almost a year now...
william, i will be addressing your "comments" later today.
mark, i think that's a great idea, if people are willing. i'd love to hear other people's approach to the install. when you mention the "rear triangle", are you referring to the triangle-shaped part of the frame in the rear (i could be wrong in my labeling but i think it's made up of 3 bars called the chainstay, seatstay and seat tube)? i'm a little confused as to which part of the frame is presenting a challenge. i'd really like to understand and help you with a solution. feel free to email me some pictures of your frame, and when we get a solution i can post it on here in case anyone else has a similar situation.
hey, so would someone care to make a youtube video of their nori lights install, with video of how you attached the lights to your specific frame?  i have my lights now, and i've watched the install video from chris, but i'm curious about how others have mounted their lights.  my road bike looks as if it is going to be a little challenging since the rear triangle is actually quite close to the wheel.  if people would like i could make a video as well.  i've never done that before, however, so my production values may be rather amateurish.  :)
got my lights today, thanks greg for being awesome and getting them from chris for me! anyone that is still waiting for your "product":  wow are you in for a surprise.
@mark -  i would be happy to share more on this situation offline with you or any other backers (info@golunasee.com) - particularly if it can help resolve this situation. when i just happened to check on this project the other day and saw all the frustrated backers comments, i just felt like i needed to shed a bit more light on this situation, and i welcome chris to comment too. i am happy to work out a license for him to complete his project, and in fact i have offered this some time ago. i have had no response to any of my efforts in the last couple of months to resolve this. during this period, i was disappointed to see he has launched his own website to continue commercializing his product. overall, there are two problems here. first is the ip issue. and second is the fact he apparently does not have money to pay for shipping.  since chris seems to be ignoring this first issue altogether, it is really the money issue that is preventing delivery to his backers (at least according to his updates). so while i continue to seek a resolution on the ip, i am not sure it is really going to help any backer get their kit any quicker.  i'm open for all suggestions on how to resolve this unfortunate situation...
@william-  that's pretty much exactly what i figured happened, thanks for telling us what's what.  the timing is interesting, but none the less thank you.  big ups to chris for relentlessly (perhaps foolishly) following his dream.  the world needs dreamers.   bad boy for not being able to differentiate between "hurtle" and "very expensive (read: "insurmountable with $16,369") road block" and thus hitting the breaks.  i won't comment on the mechanics of your interactions as i was not privy to them, and can't ever really know the truth. all of that said:  do you have any thoughts on how we can come to some sort of arrangement that will make everyone...  happy...  ish...?  my hunch is it isn't about the money from ~200 units so much as about protecting your ip.  am i right in thinking you can't just "let this slide" because it basically opens your ip to being copied by others, and using this incident as a precedent for why they don't have to pay you licensing fees for your ip?  is there a way forward? personally i'll be buying your motorcycle kit for a second bike.  that thing looks really nice, and the wiring into the bike system looks straightforward, at least compared to having to install a voltage regulator and other stuff (current limiting resistors) to make chris' work on my bike.  alas, i have $85 + an extra $20 for shipping invested here, and can't do both at this time.  :(
hi fellow nori lights backers. i would like to share with you what i know about this project as it has contributed to this situation and may give you a better appreciation of what chris has been through on this project. i welcome chris to comment as well  (though he has not responded to my offline attempts to communicate).  1) my company, lunasee, has patents on this type of wheel lighting system - some going back to 2003 (feel free to search our company or our patents).  2) chris (& ultimately kickstarter) was notified of these patents and that his project infringed on these patents before his project was funded and he took his backers money, 3)  after reviewing the patents, chris agreed that his project infringed and indicated interest to license this so he could complete the kickstarter project--- (he did complete his funding and accepted his backers money). 4)  while we had some discussion about licensing our technology to complete his project, chris instead decided  to re-design his project to attempt to get around these patents (which you saw in his hub mounted light version in his update #10). 5) presumably due to the poor reception from backers on this changed design, chris decided to go back to the original design to deliver to his backers 6) lunasee directly and through our attorney has notified chris of infringment and offered on repeated occasions to license our technology to complete his project - with no response. chris has a great project to provide safety for cyclists and we share his enthusiasm and passion for this. however, my partner and i similarly developed and invested in intellectual property for this type of wheel lighting system several years ago and must protect our investment - which unfortunately has negatively impacted chris's project.  i welcome any further comments from chris, but thought this might help backers have a better appreciation for what chris has been through. if anyone would like to contact me direct offline, please feel free to email me at info@golunasee.com.
another cold and foggy morning with no nori lights to guide the way. as the days grow shorter i feel the darkness closing in. i hope and pray my nori lights are on their way.
another week had passed. chris, don't make empty promises. where is my nori light?!?!?!??? already gave u my shipping address!!!
hello chris, i can say that as an early backer, i haven't received anything just yet. it's been more than a month since your last update. any chance you could provide some insight as to what the new timeline/estimate is for delivery? kind regards - thomas
hello chris - you responded to me a few weeks back that you were sending my nori lights out, i have yet to receive anything. i've offered to reimburse any costs associated with tracking the delivery, however i haven't received a response from you -- i would appreciate an update. kind regards, thomas
chris- please give my order to greg for shipping to me.
thanks greg, i will send a message to the other backers that live in the san francisco area, in case they did not see your comment. that's very kind of you. thank you for your willingness to help. i appreciate it. mark, i'm glad we will be able to coordinate something with greg. just to clarify, i never said anything  suggesting that if i were not to get an investor, then the kickstarter funds are gone. i don't know how you interpreted that from my last comment. as i stated in a previous update, the kickstarter funds were spent on the materials and tools to make the product, and the portion that was allocated to shipping was depleted from unexpected legal expenses. also, mark, i had emailed you some time ago, inquiring about the required measurements of your nori lights, as you had indicated in the survey that you plan to use it on a motorcycle, and other than the survey, i have no record of us discussing this. i need to know some measurements of your motorcycle and will have your custom nori lights system ready for when i meet with greg. i'll message you the measurement inquiry via kickstarter.
email me at gtsang94086@yahoo.com and we will coordinate with chris in picking up our nori lights.  i work in san francisco and live in sunnyvale.
@greg tsang i am totally down with you picking up my lights when you're in san diego, i'm in the bay area.
what happens if you do not get an investor?  i gave you additional funds on apr 30, 2013 to ship my lights.  $20, which should have covered my shipping as well as multiple other people's.  on june 19 you said that those of us who gave you money for shipping would be receiving our lights in a few days.  let's ignore the additional shipping funds that seem to have vanished and just think about our initial purchases of ~$85:  if you do not get an investor are you saying that all of the money we gave you for lights is gone, and that we should not expect to receive any lights?
andrew, international orders actually cost between $35-$45 to ship, but even at an average cost of $15 per package, the $1530 may not seem like a "tall mountain to summit" to some. i was so sure the funding was coming in to ship according the schedule of update #15 that i chose to ship the first group of packages using a portion of our rent money for july. i felt confident that i could replace it with an equal portion of the funds that i was expecting. as you know, the funding didn't come and now my girlfriend and i are getting evicted from our home. this has been a very frustrating and disappointing ordeal for me as well as many of our backers. i am currently seeking an investor and i have written up a solid business plan that includes getting all of the remaining backers their nori lights immediately. thank you for your continued patience. i hope to post an update with good news soon.
greg, yes you can definitely pick up your nori lights while you are in town. as far as picking up anyone else's that live in you area, i would just need to receive a message from them giving me the "ok" to give them to you. thank you for offering. that's so kind and considerate of you. i'm sorry it has come down to this.
i will be in san diego the weekend of aug. 16th - 18th.  can i pick up my nori lights?  and, if there are any backers who live in the sf bay area, i can pick up theirs as well.  let me know.
"this means that about 102 of our backers are still waiting for their nori lights to ship." okay..let's assume it costs on average $15.00 to ship each package. that would be $1530 to ship the remaining packages.  that doesn't seem like such a tall mountain to summit.
@chris flynn:  i call shenanigans.
where is my nori light??
http://coastalpremierproperties.wordpress.com/2013/06/27/community-focal-point-nori-lights-2/ a few minutes of surfing and i came up with the post above.  read it and draw your own conclusions.
has anybody received their lights since the last update? i haven't. that makes 3 failed commitments of shipping to me. this may be a good product but i don't know due to lack of delivery and lack of meaningful communication. yes, there are occasional nicely worded updates full of gratitude and detail but so far these are lacking in follow through.
i didn't hear it i read about it on his facebook page, and you seem to be missing the point chris .. if you have time to be doing these things, and posting on fb, then you have the time to quickly update or reply to the people who backed your dream .. it's simply bad business practice no to, and like i said concerning ..
@tankgrlnz i have not been out promoting on radio shows. a week ago, i received a phone call from a radio producer that saw one of our backers riding their bike with their nori lights and i was invited to go on a local evening radio program at the end of the month.  during the last few days of may, a discounted rate was offered to orders placed on our website to help support national bicycle month. any new orders have been given a delivery time of at least 5 more weeks to allow me to ship the remaining kickstarter orders first. while there really hasn't been very many orders placed (most likely due to lack of promotion), 100% of the money coming in from the website is going directly to ship out the kickstarter rewards. an update was just posted with a new shipping schedule. thank you everybody. i'm sorry for having to spread myself so thin the past few weeks. we are almost there...
@tankgrinz - what radio shows have you heard him on?
this lack of updates and responses to backers is really concerning, especially when chris is out promoting the lights on radio shows and taking more 'special price' orders .. i've just left a comment on both his personal and business facebook pages asking him to resurface here and let us know what the hell is going on .. i can understand delays and shipping complications, but come on - reply to us at least!  :(
chris-  i sent you a donation of $20 which i expected to cover shipping my lights, and that was at the end of april...  what gives?
hey chris, been waiting and still no word from you! can you please give us a sign you still live, please. i just want my nori lights as i have stated to ride before sun up once again and would like to let the drivers of those cars sharing my road know i am here. near miss this morning made me nervous, looking forward to hearing from you! thanks, jake
no word from chris about the tracking number or status of shipment.
chris contacted me earlier today and assured me the package was previously sent on may 2nd and that he would check on it. he also said he would send me another package today. he explained that he has been occupied with urgent personal matters. i will post back here when i receive the lights and report on my impressions of the product (since no one has done so yet).
i have yet to hear from chris.
as an early backer and living only 10 hrs away in the same state, i expected to get my lights months ago.
hi chris and all. i'm in asia and i got my lights in well condition. i agree with chris that slotting the batteries in the holders makes it better for shipping as some parcel services do not allow "explosives" or flammable products to be delivered via flight.
i'm here to drop a message about my experience with nori lights. i have received mine about a month ago albeit a slight delay. mine was delivered with international shipping and there was a little complication with the delivery of batteries. it was resolved when chris made sure that it complied with international shipping rules. for those who are sceptical, i would advise you to request not to have the batteries shipped if you can get it at your place. i hope everybody gets theirs soon.
i have not received mine either.
i have not received my lights either.
i have not received my lights either and was told they were shipped a few weeks ago but have not. this seems suspicious to me. chris, please contact me today with your explanation.
has anyone received their nori lights yet? or am i the only one who hasn't?
hi gerry, i responded to the message you sent me. it should be in your inbox. i'm finding out that shipping lithium batteries can cause delays and complications, especially when shipping internationally. there are more details in the message i sent you. thanks.
hi chris, it's been about 2 weeks plus since you mentioned my package was sent out. is there a tracking number? the place i am staying is a little  hard to find. pease reply, thanks!
hi chris, was my nori light sent out? is there a tracking number? i hope the package isn't lost as the place i am currently staying is a little hard to find.
thank you for accommodating chris. i'll be looking out for it in the mail. ps: will you be continuing the creation of your new light system?
gerry gan, thank you so much for your patience. i packaged your nori lights today, and they will ship out tomorrow morning. thank you again. -chris
dear chris. seriously hope i'll be able to receive the nori lights by middle may. my family will be moving by then to a new house provided by our organisation and the new place has no address. as with rural areas in any asian country, new houses with new addresses may not be locatable for quite a while. i do not wish to lose the nori lights upon delivery. thanks.
hello chris please update date us. we are all very curious to know the latest news.
hi chris, just writing to see if there is any further news. cheers, ben
dear chris, i love the idea of your product and still am looking forward to having it. it's been 3 months since the project was successfully backed and money paid. your last update was on jan 22. may we please have an update at least we know when we might be getting the nori lights? thanks.
hi chris -  thanks.  my apologies for late response.  i have been traveling at the ims int'l. motorcycle show in new york and at the fietsvak bicycle trade show in the netherlands, and we have 2 big shows coming up in february.  so we have been incredibly busy.  look forward to hearing from you.
in response to the previous comment, searching for prior art and seeking to invalidate a patent in no way implies a lack of respect towards intellectual property. if the patent holder is the true originator of the invention, then searching for earlier examples of prior art or publications will simply reveal nothing. but if there is evidence of a previous inventor and the invention was revealed publicly (via a magazine or newspaper article, newsletter, or any publication, etc) prior to 12 months before the patent application was filed, then such a patent would legally and by definition be deemed invalid and the invention would be considered under public domain, and true credit of invention would be given to the originator. the only way of knowing if there was a previous inventor is to look for evidence. and the previous inventor may have intended for his/her device to be in the public domain so that it could be made available to protect the lives and safety of those who choose to use it, and not have it's use limited or restricted by an organization that claims the invention as their own. with the possibility that someone had invented the device well before the patent was filed, how can the act of seeking out evidence of the true originator be viewed as anything but respectful of intellectual property rights.  especially when the searchers motivation is to make available and equip the public with a means to be safer, that is otherwise currently restricted. william, i have sent you multiple emails recently regarding licensing the rights to produce and sell my nori lights. i have not received a single response other than the comment you posted last night on this page. i would like to discuss this with you. please respond to my emails.
just for transparency on the patent comments related to this project and existing ip, my company (lunasee) has intellectual property around this concept and we are not patent trolls.  my business partner came up with this concept over a decade ago (before kickstarter existed) and we filed and were issued several patents.  after developing numerous aftermarket prototypes, due to the complexities of an aftermarket solution in many areas, including price, ability to install on all bikes (not just certain types), integration, ease of installation, battery life, theft protection, etc we chose  to to commercialize this by selling directly to major bike companies (including giant)  where the system can be customized and neatly integrated into their specific bike lines.  these bikes are primarily available in europe, where bikes are commonly used as a means of transportation.  we would very much like for there to be more bikes available with our system, but it takes time with the oem bike companies - particularly in the economic climate of the past few years. we of course would like to see it on bikes in the us, but to date none of the oems have introduced bikes in the us (yet).   we continue to work on aftermarket solutions but have not yet finalized a design that meets our criteria, and what we feel the cycling community will demand and expect.  we do however offer an aftermarket solution for motorcycles - which also encounter the same lack of visibility on the road at night.   while we support all efforts to improve visibility for cyclists and applaud and encourage innovation, design and new ideas, we have also invested our lives and money (not kickstarter backers money) in our company and  intellectual property and trust that the kickstarter community, whether project creators or backers, will respect intellectual property rights - as opposed to seeking to invalidate it.
adam, thank you for your support and encouragement. it means a lot. i understand the concerns you have with fitting the newly proposed design on a hub motor. i have some other concepts for the nori lights that i am working on right now, as well as adaptations to the recently proposed design. the patent that we are trying to work around lists a fork mounted light in one of its claims. that's what had me interested in a hub mounted light. like i said above, i have a few other concepts that i'm working on. but one solution i've been looking into is to simply prove the existing patent as invalid by finding some kind of publication from before april 1st 2003 that describes using a mounted activator (light) that causes a glow material on a wheel to illuminate. there has to be an article out there that mentions this concept, like in an old popular science or popular mechanics magazine or something. if there is such an article that was published or made public at least one year prior to the patent application filing date (march 25 2004), then it would be legally in the public domain, and nori lights would be able to proceed as originally planned. if the nori lights backers could help me find an old article online, a blog, tv news story or print in a newspaper or in any publication, then we'd have a 200 people searching for it. that would be awesome. what do you think adam? anyone? for now, i'll be refining some of my other ideas so that i can share them with our backers. thanks for your comments.
chris, i appreciate your new designs and creativity. it shows that your are a great innovator. i like the new designs and feel like they will accommodate my desire to be visible. one problem i have however is that you assume the rear hub on all bikes to be the same size. i have an electric bike and therefore the led housing that you propose will not work on my rear tire. is there still a design that does not violate the patent where the lights can be housed on the rear fork or somewhere that is not the rear hub. thanks so much. adam
i will be posting an update in a few hours. thanks everyone for being so patient. a lot has been up in the air, but tonight i will have some great news to share with everyone. thanks!
chris - a status report would be appreciated.  thanks
in mid december i think you said majority of the nori lights will not be delivered by december 25th -  what percentage has been delivered so far?  10%, 20% 50% ?  also, i may have missed it, but what is the "information" that you expect to get and did you get it yet?
hi chris - i haven't heard from you in a while.  i am still waiting to see how your project has changed since our last conversation back in early november.  based on our last conversation, you said you had changed your design so as not to infringe on our patents at lunasee.com.   it has been a couple of months and i still have not seen any posts detailing any of the changes you are making.  i look forward to learning about your new design and trust it will not infringe on our patents at lunasee.  thanks and look forward to seeing the result.
john (& everyone) i hope to have an update posted tonight, depending on the information available to me, there may be a follow-up update tomorrow morning, or i may need to just wait and post a full update tomorrow. again, it all depends on some information that i will be getting tonight or tomorrow morning. thanks for inquiring.  check back soon! chris
hello chris. i have not seen an update since mid december - any chance we can get another update?
@ben maddox hi ben, i just sent you a message with information that i have available for your system. let me know if you have any other questions. thank you!
hi, i have an order placed for delivery to germany, do you have a vague idea when they'll arrive? thanks for your time, ben.
hi tim, mari, and all other nori lights project backers. yes, the nori lights are still expecting to be delivered by christmas. international orders are getting shipped out early this week, and orders from with in the us are getting shipped out at the end of this week and beginning of next week. i will post more details as to the current stages and updated shipping schedules in a project update later tonight. thanks for asking, both of you, as i know more people are wondering the same thing. hopefully tonight's update will answer any other questions you may have regarding status and progress of the project.
hi chris, had the same question tim had- still possibly arriving before christmas? thx!
hey all, just wanted to post and see if there is anyone who missed out and would like to get in on this awesome project! i pledged for multiple units, intending most to be for gifts, however i recently found out that 2 of the intended recipients no longer ride in the evening/dark. if you are interested in getting one of these (the removable c-ring type, which is compatible with all wheel/brake types) please drop an email to extranorilights@gmail.com or get in touch with chris.
hey chris just wondering if you're still on schedule to ship these before christmas; i was hoping to get them fitted to my lad's new bike as an extra surprise...
great, can't wait to put 'em on! btw, if you are looking for retailers i believe thinkgeek would be interested. they have lots of cool stuff. (but i got it before them! (general overdose of smugness))
clement & malin, the first shipment of nori lights will be delivered before the end of november. the second shipment (which includes you two) is scheduled to ship out friday december 7th and monday december 10th. so it should have about two weeks to get there before christmas. over the next week or two i will be sending out surveys to everyone to get some details (such as your addresses, etc) and will do my best to arrange it so that everyone will be riding green (bright green) well before christmas. there will be frequent updates posted starting at the end of this week. i want the team to see our progress and i have some exciting ideas for that as well. thanks again!
malin, i just checked your post and you did it perfectly. i'm so glad you stumbled on to the project page too! at just the right time. the nori lights team is lucky to have you on board. i appreciate your enthusiasm, you're probably almost as excited as i am to get it to you.  =)
any estimation on delivery date to europe?
will estimated delivery on dec 2012 come before christmas outside us?
i've wanted something like this for years now, i even attempted to make something kinda similar on my own and failed miserably. not suprising, since i used some kind of plastic-wire soelaces and a led-lamp. thus it was the most luck i've had in a long time when i stumbled upon this page with less than two hours left! now i will be broke for the rest of the month, but i can't stop feeling really smug that i will have the coolest bike in town! people will drool with awe when they see the awesomeness! right, to the question. i live in sweden, and it said to add $15 for international shipping. i was supposed to pledge $15 extra, right? not pay any other way or something? i just realised i'm not really sure i did right.
wahooo!!!
10 seconds!!
20 seconds to go!!
wow. thank you clement. but i have to say i'm just one of 196 people that believe in this project and want to see it get out there for people to use.
and it's all thanks to you.. without you, this wonderful product won't be possible.. thanks for bringing safety and joy to the 192 backers in the world :)
can't wait to show it off the streets in my country. 10 hours to go! :d
wow!  chris ypu will revolutionize  the biking  experience.  keep going!  can't wait to  see this invention on the trails, roads and paths of the nation.  you will make cycling so much safer for all.
impressive.  great update.
hey, chris. looks like you made your goal. cool! time for an update!
wow--you are getting closer and closer, chris. this is so exciting!
awesome idea chris. i can't afford a full system right now, nor do i have a bike, but i was just curious what you would sell a simple bike kit for once this is fully funded. are you going to continue making these on a regular basis? i'd love to have something like this in the future. so tron-like! :d
hi, chris--wow. you have passed the $7,200 mark .keep up the good work! i feel safer already!
marilyn, thank you for your endless support. it means so much to me. and thank you for raising such a beautiful, sweet, intelligent daughter. she means the world to me.
martin, at the moment, i am not able to offer a nori light system customized for 3 wheels. however, if more people mention or request something like this, i would be happy to consider it. keep in mind, after november 3rd, nori lights will be available thru www.norilights.com, but at a little higher cost. but feel free to contact me in december thru the website if you are still interested in a 3 wheels system. until then, i am going to be fully dedicated to getting our kickstarter backers rewards fulfilled. thanks for your interest. great question.
gerry and thomas, check out the faqs on the bottom of the project page. i just posted some information there recently. if either of you still have questions, please message me or post another comment here. great questions, and i appreciate your interest in the nori lights system.
chris, i look forward to the day when those cycling after dark are safer because of the nori light system.  once bikes are equipped with the nori lights,  drivers, as well, will benefit from the improved visibility of cyclist traveling at dusk and in the early morning.  great design!
is there a possibility of getting a set for 3 wheels?
hey chris, wondering if this system could be used on a motorcycle as well?
how do i pledge for 2 sets? i'll like to get one for a colleague.
hi, chris. pretty cool. i would feel a lot safer as a bicyclist if i had some nori lights and if all the bicycles out there had some as well. i bet your grandfather would be proud of you.
