just wanted to say thanks! the case is exactly what i wanted- have completely gotten rid of my wallet!
martha, got the survey.  shipping now.
hi dan - i never got my case. i hadn't received an email about the survey, so i was super late to fill it out, not sure if that's why? anyway, can you help me out? what do i need to do to get my case? thanks!!
totally forgot to fill in the survey until right now. will i still get my case in this round of deliveries? thanks!
thanks joanne.  glad you dig it.
finally got my case today and i couldn't be happier. feels so good that i have my cards with my phone all the time now :d
thanks guys.  i'm glad you dig your cases.
case arrived yesterday and i couldn't be more happier. a great, solid product. looking fwd to going out and leaving my wallet behind! cheers dan :-)
the case is amazing, i'm in love with it. thanks dan!!
awesome product dan! only problem is i keep thinking i've lost my wallet!
haidung.  all cases have shipped by today except for those who responded to survey in last couple days. those handful will ship next week. dan
hi dan - do you have an update on when the rest will be shipped out? the case looks great! best of luck.
please disregard or delete my last post- wasn't a stock cable. i was using an eastern collective cable, which is thicker.
i received my case the other day, and i have found that i cannot charge my phone in the case. it fits in, but not deep enough to charge unless i am pushing it hard against the case. usually it is in so shallow it will fall out on its own. has anyone else had this issue?
jacob.  that is cool.  thanks
just got my jimmycase!!!! i love it!
mike.  thanks.  i'm glad you dig it. dan
dan: just received my jimmycase....nice! looks like it was worth the wait. kinda cool to support solid products....best of luck.
thanks scott.  you rock!
thanks dan - looking forward to utilizing and promoting your solid product!
russ.  thanks for asking.   the first shipment of 100 cases goes to the post office tomorrow am.   my goal is to get them all out in the next five or six days.  you will get an email when the shipping label prints with tracking.   thanks.  dan
hi dan! long-time fan, first time poster. ;-). looking forward to receiving the new case. do you have an updated timeframe on delivery?  thanks. russ
michael. all the surveys went out today.  let me know if you don't get yours. dan
katy, i'm going to try to get the majority of the cases out next week and will keep you updated. thanks dan
hi again! i just responded to the survey asking for my address, super excited to get my case. any chance you know when they'll be sent out? :) i backed this product pretty early into the project
eric, i'm sorry.  the $20 sponsorship is for a t-shirt.  the $25 sponsorship is for a case with a kickstarter discount -- no t-shirt included. dan
cory, they are coming.   i have all the parts, just have to start making them.   getting the 400 kickstarter cases out the door put us back a few days.   should be selling in a couple weeks. dan
what's the status on iphone 6 plus cases?
the kickstarter indicated that 20$ or more would get a t shirt... so if we bought the 25$ case does that include a t shirt with it?
michael, thanks for asking.   as soon as the funds transfer from kickstarter, we will begin shipping cases.   email requesting address will come in a day or two.  dan
hi dan, i see that the funding has been completed, and you mentioned earlier that you hope to begin shipping by the 2nd or 3rd week of november.  my question to you is, when will you send us the followup email requesting our shipping address?  my account still just lists "united states" as my shipping address... looking for a little more confirmation than that.  thank you, and can't wait to receive the case!  mike h.
shai.  thanks for asking.  you can increase your sponsorship for the amount of each case you'd like.   we are limiting the $25 cases to one per sponsor.   so if you increase your sponsorship by $35 (if domestic usa) times each case, we will send the correct number.   when we survey you after close, we will ask about colors of the other cases.
how can i add one more case to my order?
i am sooo excited to receive my jcase!  i'm sure once everyone i know see's it...it will make a really good christmas present!
raymundo. sorry for delayed response.  i've never tried a screen protector with the case.  case does not cover the glass just the aluminum edge on screen side.  so, it shouldn't be a problem.  dan
does this case work with screen protectors?
thanks raymundo.  let me know if you have any questions.  best,  dan
i've been looking for a slim profile wallet and a non bulky case for the iphone 6, this just solved both my problems, might have to buy a few as christmas presents...
cory we will have a 6 plus case in 2-3 weeks at thejimmycase.com. no current plans for the samsung phones.  but if we see demand we will create those.
is there going to be a jimmy case for iphone 6 plus,  galaxy s5 or note 4?
katy, thanks for asking.  kickstarter ends november 3.  as soon as funding is completed, we will begin shipping a couple of days later.   i don't know exactly what date we fund, but i'm hoping to ship second and third week of november. dan
do you know around when in november they will be delivered? getting my iphone 6 in the second week of november!
thanks dennis.  i hope you dig it.   dan
yeh, this case looks like the ultimate problem solver...hope to get it asap!
