i'll be spying on you through your microwave :)
hey ryan, i think it's getting there, for sure. i might want to wait until we're a year into trump's presidency though (if it even lasts that long) in order to really have enough to only work in the best stuff and for that to not get stale super quick. working with first look on the nib now i will probably look to put out a book through them/thenib once we get set up to do something like this.
@matt do you have enough material yet? it seems almost every day is a gold mine of dumbness now.
indeed. however, i think with the unfortunate election of trump, a book is imminent when i have enough material. it might not even be this year, but i will still produce this and provide everyone who ordered one a signed copy and some swag to make up for the long delay.
i see i'm not the only one who still remembers the infamous second book, but i'll never forget. http://i107.photobucket.com/albums/m302/holdemsmygame/8thdm.jpg
ok, so maybe the election stuff is limited (though a lot of people are still pissed about it!), but how about something inspired by the daily stream of stupid shit trump says or does? oh, and please throw kellyanne conway under that bus too while you are at it.
yeah, i might have to do something on the 2016 election depending on how it goes. i'm looking to assess how much i actually have that would hold up in a book toward the end of the year.
i imagine i am the only person that comes back here to see if there is any activity.  even though you said political stuff doesn't have longevity, the last month of stuff happening has to be a gold mine.  what about as part of your second book you do a section on the surrealistic craziness that is the 2016 presidential election? maybe some kind of funny flowchart as if what happened was part of an actual strategy?
got my copy and read half already - excellent stuff. well done matt. sean
i just got my copy of the book today and it looks fantastic! great job matt. can't wait for the 2nd one, i'm already excited.
thanks, got my copy today. how's it going with the next book? #greedy
just came home to find my copy waiting for me, looks great, thanks matt!
matt, i just received my copy and it looks great, i.e. is great. nice job. :)
want to save postage, for people who can pick it up at stumptown comics fest? or are the logistics of that far too complicated.
how do i get access to the survey?  i don't recall ever filling it out.
terry, i just had an update on monday. the book is coming out soon. i'll update in two weeks with the cover and more info!
hi any update coming ,,,its been a while terry
did anything ever go out for backer addresses? i can't recall and recently moved so would need to change my address.  thanks!
@ matt  i upgraded! love the idea of hate mail!!  i write my fair share and make myself laugh wondering what the reactions are to it. the last one might have been to career builder when i was looking for work, i had just received my doctorate in psychology, and somehow they matched me with an opportunity to be a truck driver.
hey ryan. i'm not sure exactly, but right now i'm thinking a funny index, some hate mail, and any supplemental material to add context to the comics.
any teasers on what the fun bonus material might be in the second book?
oooh, congratulations. i can't wait to see the two books. i know they're going to look great.
30k is cool and all, but it's important to me that you get to $40,000, so you can shit your pants.
glad things are going well matt - get tore in, as we say in scotland.
the second book will feature work mostly from obama's first term all the way through til press time. much of it will be work i do that doesn't fit into the chapter themes i've made for the first book. older, classic cartoon that have held up will also be included.
good question, michael. while i haven't added the second book yet, yes, that's how it will work. if you up $15 above your pledge level now, i will put people down for the second collection if i reach 30k. i'll push publicly for it once i feel it's within reach and put everyone who donates on the list for it when i send out the survey at he end.
so if we add $15 to our pledge we get the second book?  what might the chapters of it be or the subject of your earlier works?
you made it! congrats!
woo! i'm #200 at $25, and you're dangerously close to being funded. congrats in advance!
if i add $10 to my pledge could ya throw me a shirt ?
admire your hard work and all your endeavors! here's to kickstarter~ let's get this done~
good luck, matt! i love your cartoons and your blog and i'm thrilled to be able to support this new project.
go go matt!!
go matt go—backing your campaign is an investment in awesomeness!
well worth every cent!
putting my money where my like is and backing cartoons and essays by one of the best in the field; matt bors. and with it i also invest in keeping this craft alive.
