i was just going to ask about that!
we'll have some more info fairly soon. expansion pack incoming!
so what's this i'm seeing on facebook/twitter about an expansion pack now?
played both versions on thankgiving with the family. the adult version is definitely more entertaining but we ran out of cards fast with 8 people playing. how about an expansion?
now i need to get myself a copy of the regular edition... hahaha.
@norman thanks for the great feedback :) i'll contact you privately to handle a replacement.
i just recieved the classic version today and the pictures are awesome. however, there appears to be major scratches on most of the cards to the point where some colors have been stripped off. there also seems to be some sand/dirt still present between many of the cards. i think maybe this is what's causing the scratches on these otherwise beautiful cards. i really hope the adult version doesn't have the same issue when it arrives.
@connor thanks for sending me pictures. i'll contact you privately to handle a replacement. thanks for the compliments on the illustrations!
i've opened the game and am now looking through all the beautifully illustrated characters cards. many of the cards have very significant smears of black tarnishing the surface - looks like something that might have occured during printing. has anybody else experienced this issue? i don't mind some dents in th box, but it is disappointing to see all these gorgeous illustrations, such a major feature of the game, so badly tarnished. :(
my classic edition just arrived! sadly, the box did get some fairly noticeable damage at some point during shipment, but c'est la vie. very excited!
that's unfortunate... anyway mine is out for delivery right now.
and my other package is still at customs
@mel i got that update too, however i'm leaving calgary at lunchtime, so i don't think it'll arrive in time
@ matthew - not sure about you, but my tracking updated 4pm ish and said mine has arrived in calgary (when it'll ship is another matter) but there is an off-chance you might get it monday before you leave if canpost gets their stuff together.
@matthew the games were shipped separately. they each weight 1.1 kg. if you pm me the to/from addresses i'll prepay for the labels if canada post allows that.
@wade i got the standard and adult version, were they shipped in the same box(i got 2 tracking numbers, only 1 of them says it arrived in canada). how much does the package weigh, i'm going to try to pay my landlord the postage so she can send it.
@wade i called them this morning, they said there was nothing they could do. thanks for the offer though. i'm going to try to convince my landlord to send it to me when it arrives
@matthew do you know if canada post has a intercept or redirect option? i'll pay for the service if it's offered. i'll take care of you either way.
@matt - boooooooooooo. #thanksfornothingcanpost
looks like i won't be getting my game. it's set to deliver on tuesday and i'm moving out of province on monday. canada post will not redirect the package and my landlord will not accept it, so i guess it'll be sent back to china
normally most of my bad delivery luck is with stuff from the us to canada (usps & canpost don't seem to communicate well most of the time) and then canadian customs/borders usually mangles delivery times for stuff from china/japan because of 'processing', taking their sweet time. it might not be 3-7 business days that china post promises on their site, but this is still pretty good all things considered!
@mel while frustrating it's taken this long, at least there's some sort of communication now. once i received a delivery date here in the us, i ended up getting it two days earlier. hopefully that's the case with everyone in canada. thanks for the updates mel.
looks like i have an expected delivery date of november 2 now.
@mel you're right. i checked canada post and the item has been processed in richmond
@matt - have you tried tracking on can post's site? that was how i found out where mine is currently.
@mel my tracking info has not been updated and i'm in calgary
@mel my tracking info has not been updated and i'm in calgary
hi wade - canada update - it's arrived at customs in bc in my case, and awaiting processing. roughly 13 days from china to canada, however i have a pretty good idea that cbsa will flub this either way and it'll take another good chunk of time before it gets to me in the neighboring province.
@wade thanks for checking into it. i'm moving monday so hopefully it comes in the next two days. if not, i will be having canada post redirect my mail so hopefully it'll come to my new address.
canada backers — the fact that your games haven't arrived yet upsets me. i've been trying to figure out why the delay, but nobody has been able to give me an answer. i shipped myself a package from china (to the us), and it took 16 days for it to clear customs in the us. i'm sorry for the unnecessary anxiety. it just seems like someone likes torturing north american residents. hopefully we see some movement soon, but i'll continue to work on it in the meantime.
@matthew there should be two duplicate humiliations in each edition. they are the ones that let the other players choose the humiliation. it adds variety and lets you tone it down or kick it up a notch depending on the group you're playing with.
@bugger that is an awesome present! i hope charlie loves it. it's been my pleasure, and thank you to all backers for making poor choices a reality.
we're we supposed to get duplicate of a couple of the humiliation cards?
received (uk) today. won't be opening it as it's a christmas gift but i'm sure my godson (cannonball charlie) will love it. thank you, creator, for a well-run campaign & the opportunity to make a truly original & very personal gift to someone very dear to me. this is an excellent example of creator & backer community working in harmony to deliver something unique. well done all!
@zack haha it sounds like you had a blast. awesome! thank you so much for the amazing review. by the way, that concoction sounds absolutely disgusting - nice! thank you so much zach.
even though i lost i can't be any more happy that i backed this game! more fun than cards against humanity thanks to the many more variations. i really love animations and the humiliations cards (even though we didn't follow each to a "t") gave an additional amusement to our game. (i had a friend drink a concoction of green olive juice and fire ball. we couldn't describe the taste any better than a card we played that round which was a billionaires breath after performing fellatio multiply times) "thank you again for this amazing game!!
2 hours in and loving it!!
got my shipment today woooh can't wait to play tonight!!!!
@matthew - still waiting on mine, too. i'm sure it will get up north to us soon!
@karl, backers in the us should receive a tracking number when the package leaves amazon. i just checked yours and it hasn't yet shipped.
were we suppose to get an email with a tracking number?
i noticed that canada post is actually capable of using the tracking numbers, so you can track on that end as well if you're in canada.
nothing in canada for me yet.
anyone in canada get their copy yet?
@warpunk thanks! and same! :)
@wade a+ for costumer satisfaction! can't wait for the us ones! well can't wait for many things! but i am patient!
@ka-ming does that count as same-day delivery? thank you so much for your great feedback! @karl no problem. i know how frustrating it can be when creators don't respond during crunch time.
wow thanks for the quick reply.
@karl rewards haven't been mailed to us backers yet. we're waiting for the us warehouse, and i've been on the phone with them every day for the past few days to speed up the process. hopefully, i'll have more info soon!
should us backers have a tracking number?  if so i have not gotten one yet.
just received the games this evening. wow do they look great! nice artwork and box and really high quality! kind wait to start playing the game with friends! thanks wade, neil, karl and all others who created/made the game possible! (received my tracking number by the way, about 2 hours after it was delivered haha)
i emailed all backers outside of the us with their tracking number. if you see an email, check your spam folder.
i'll figure out what's going on with the tracking numbers and update everyone today.
yes hi! if you're at the point of pming those who have not received tracking numbers, it's making me feel like i should probably throw my name in the hat, too. i also don't have a tracking number yet!
no emails with tracking for me yet either...
@mel sent you a pm
hey wade - haven't seen a tracking number yet - who/what should i expect to see it from courier-wise?
quick note: some of you may receive two shipments even though you ordered both editions. this is because shipping was cheaper and quicker for some odd reason. so if you don't get both copies delivered on the same date, the second is right behind it.
@mike awesome! thanks for the great feedback :)
@mel sorry, missed your comment. yeah, we removed that since there wasn't much more info to share that we won't be sharing on kickstarter.
hi wade, my copy was delivered yesterday morning and it is awesome. neil's artwork is amazing and the cards are brilliant. i can't wait to get to play it.
hey wade - this might be kind of pointless now, but i noticed that the 'updates' link part of the poor choices website doesn't work/brings me to an error page.
@karpomatic looking good! games in the us cleared customs and they're on their way to the warehouse. waiting on one last thing for backers outside of the us, but should ship any day.
how's the delivery in the next few weeks looking?
awesome thank you!
@matthew the games shipping to us backers should arrive at the port within a week or so. they just have to clear customs and be sent to the warehouse. i estimate they'll ship close to the middle of october. the games shipping to backers outside the us are being processed at the warehouse. i estimate they'll ship close to the beginning of the month. delivery times vary between 2-10 days depending on the country.
any news on the shipping and when we can expect our pledges?
@wade - yup sounds good to me. thanks!
@mel orders outside of the us will be sent from china. the declared/insured value of each game will be $5 usd, which should keep taxes/duties low or eliminate them in some cases. does that help at all?
hi wade, in regards to shipping, how customs friendly will it be and how are you going about sending out? usps?
nice. looking forward to it.
@mel, the printing has begun! we're waiting for the printer to send us a few pictures so we can share them in the next update.
anything new and exciting? i saw some photo updates on your facebook page.
just posted an update. we received the final proofs and they look amazing! printing will begin shortly :)
thanks cathy! glad you like them! we can't wait to see them either :)
wade, the cards are looking gorgeous!!!! i can't wait to see the final product
just posted a quick update. everything was sent to the printer, and the final prototype is being printed. mass production is starting soon!
@keith late september or early october would be my best guess right now, but a lot can happen, so take that with a grain of salt. we're putting in 12+ hour days to get it done as quickly as possible.
do you guys have a guess at a shipping date?
@wiccabloke we finished all of the characters of the kickstarter backers and we're wrapping up the rest of the artwork now. we should be ordering the final prototype in a week or so, and will post pictures as soon as we get them!
do we have an update yet?
we'll have an update later this week. finishing up the final three characters of the kickstarter backers. everything is on schedule :)
update?
groovy! character photo stuff emailed to you guys.
can't wait to play this!
awesome really glad i sprung for the adult version...now that you are willing to bend to support this game...
awesome thanks! you guys rock!
awesome thanks! you guys rock!
awesome, thanks wade! really looking forward to the game and being a character in it!
we decided to unlock the last stretch goal at $20,500 and pay for the balance out of pocket. we want the game to be full color just as much as you :)
so close... i hope we make it, i really wanted the color version...
so close to that color version...
lol
....20 more dollars it is....
@carl thanks! definitely rated-r.
sweet progress.... how bad is the adult version...pg-13 or rated r?
@rex thank you! and thanks to everyone for backing the game. based on the amount of new backers over the past few days, i'm sure we'll hit it. neil and i are super excited the begin the custom character illustrations!
over $20k!  congratulations!.  now we have 3 hours to get the last $1.1.
cool. i'm keeping my fingers crossed!
@karpomatic i think there is a good chance that we hit the last stretch goal honestly. i'll post an update about it shortly.
would really love to hit the last stretch goal but i don't think it will happen.
@christopher don't think we'll make it :( @carl a lot of backers the past couple days. should be an exciting final 44 hours!
so close to stretch goal just a few more backers......
you guys going to be at pax east this year!?!?
i don't think they have made any...you know it is coming...'poor choices'.  party games seem to have a much slower build and it looks like we are in on the first kickstarter for wade, so we just need more people that acknowledge how great this game will be.  i'm looking forward to some fun!
i'm surprised that this kickstarter isn't getting backers quicker.  what's going on?
@jonathan each base game comes with 336 cards, and we've unlocked 84 additional cards for each version (for a total of 420 cards in each version). yes, a pnp will be made available to anyone who backs the kickstarter. by pledging both versions, you will have access to both pnp versions.
hey there :) i'm just wondering if you could outline how many cards are in the base game and how many extra cards we've unlocked with the stretch goals. also i saw on the campaign page that where it gives a timeline for will be done over the next few months, it says something about finalising the print & play version of the game.  is a print & play version of the game included in our rewards?  if we're pledging for both versions of the game do we get both versions as pdfs?
updated stretch goal description. sorry for the confusion :)
@zach full color everything.
$21,000 and cards get color or just change texture of cards? again?
@aleksejs standard + adult is two games. to ship to your country, one game costs $20, and each additional game costs $15. so the total should be $35 for both, not $40.
@aleksejs i think it is because that package would require the shipping of two versions of the game, not one (x2 boxes)
hello! why does it ask 40$ shipping (instead of 20$) when i try to back "poor choices (standard version + adult version)"?
@rh thanks friend =]
just backed - saw you guys on twitter. =)
@joshua yes, the link is http://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/182400/poor-choices
have you guys put this on board game geek?
we've got a few cool surprises for you later this week as well. can't wait!
@iz thanks! superfight is fun as well. the theme song isn't life by lionstudio, but they sound really similar! @cathy thanks, we are up for that challenge! i hope the cards are in color as well, and we're on pace to make that happen.
hi there! good luck making tons of money on this game!   it reminds me of a game called "curses" which i love.    i hope we get so many supporters that you are really challenged in coming up with more cards!!!!!  (in color)     ;)
hi, love the concept. it reminds me of superfight.  is the theme song in the video snippets of 'life' by lyonstudio?  really catchy!
@ben good idea, i'll set that up. @zach the cost of printing all cards in color is expensive, so that upgrade will be unlocked in future stretch goals! @jeremy the cards printed in color is a stretch goal, but not the last one :) @mel the full color cards are a stretch goal. since we hit the day one funding goal of 50%, they currently have a white/gray/black design.
@ryan the amounts will be revealed once we hit 100% funding!
i was under the impression that the character cards were already in color?
i agree with zach i would hope color printed cards is the final stretch goal and you reach that!
with all the stretch goals, you keep adding cards instead of making the playing cards in color.  i would think people would love the look of color before extra cards. am i right?
i can think of a lot of awesome trait cards!
thanks wade! another stretch goal could allow backers to submit their own suggestions for cards?? that would be a lot of fun!
@wade: super excited about the way this is going! i noticed you shared the new stretch goals, but don't see at what funding amount they'll be unlocked - am i just missing that somewhere?
@ben shipping for each additional game for countries outside of the united states, united kingdom and canada is $9, so the total would come to $144 in this case.
@ryan we did it! thank you everyone!
hey creators,  i backed the $100 'become a character in the game (adult version)' and also added a further $10 for shipping to australia and a further $25 as i want the standard version as well, totalling $135. i assume this is correct? thanks
50% funded!
@karl they are both played the same way. the difference is in the content on the cards. the standard version is recommended for ages 13 and older. the adult version has strong sexual references, violence, strong language and partial nudity in the character illustrations.
@charm in order to manufacture both versions at a reasonable cost, we had to bundle the standard and adult versions. the cool thing is that many of the non-adult cards work very well with the adult version, despite being clean humor. cards can have very different meanings depending on which cards they're paired with.
can you get more into the differences between the standard and the adult versions?
@justin sure. in terms of gameplay, adventure cards put one player in a unique fictional scenario that they need help with in order to succeed (the equivalent of the black card). it revolves around a player at the table rather than a random statement or subject, which adds a personal feel and a bit of vulnerability. you still get to play your own card (the equivalent of the white card), but you also get to sabotage an opponent. this is fun because it turns into a competition of how badly you can ruin your opponent’s character. plus, the humiliation cards add a social aspect to the game that gives each session its own personality — it can often times be what people remember the most weeks and months later. all in all, i think they’re both great games and i’d recommend getting both if you haven’t done so already. i hope that answers your question.
@mel nice! you have a built-in competitive advantage :)
is there any way to just get the adult version?
game looks neat. can you highlight the differences between this and cards against humanity?
i like making poor choices.
