i never got my dvd or download.  it looks like other people did.  how do i get my dvd?  it was part of my pledge.  thanks.
saw "citizen koch" on netflix, i feel my money was well spent. great job. i consider myself an informed person and i learned a great deal i did not already know. :-)
got my dvd and am excited to watch it.  still, it is a bit odd that you autographed the outer plastic part of the dvd case and not the paper cover.  the autograph already seems like it could rub off if i'm not careful putting it on my dvd shelf.
remaining rewards will be distributed over the next six weeks. surveys will go out soon to collect all outstanding information we need for fulfillment, and moving forward we will continue to send updates to all kickstarter backers from www.citizenkoch.com. many many thanks to all of you for your support!
will we see the rewards before the election results are all counted? we're only, what, 10 months behind schedule ...
where are the contribution rewards? how about an answer!!!
how much more do i have to pledge to be able to download the movie now?   between flixster ,vimeo etc you should have had this sorted by now!
echoing the comments below, it would be excellent to actually receive an update,
i'm very glad the funding was so wildly successful, that it's gotten great press, and that the koch brothers' evil activities are also getting a bit more press now.  but i would also appreciate learning what your plans are for distribution of the dvd, etc.  i'm very anxious to actually view the film and share it with my friends at home.
also waiting to see the final project.  any idea when?  i understand that things can fall behind schedule, but please keep us in the loop.
is there an eta about when we can see it? you've already long passed the hype machine that was getting blocked by npr. at this point i'm either not expecting to ever see it, or when i do, it will be so out of date as to be irrelevant. it'll be like watching apple's 1984 commercial where the meaning is completely ironic.
i am so happy for all of your success with receiving backing!  good luck!
congratulations to you guys! great work really deserves great support - we've found this project through the popular section of kickstarter and thought that it deserved our modest contribution. only a couple of weeks ago we had a conversation with some of our american friends and they told us about their worries concerning the crushing of the american middle-class by these few ''big'' guys who pretty much control the world - so yeah, really looking forward to watching citizen koch! also great to see a ''first created'' project funded - we are also new on kickstarter and have just launched our first campaign that you could find interesting - have a look: http://kck.st/12mz2js - all the best, eira & yann
and i don't mind buying the dvd. it took real courage for these people to come out and impugn the krotches personally. god help them. meanwhile, i will.
don't be fool enough to actually suspend your pledges to pbs. i know all of us were tempted, remember they are the only ones who would even consider such a film, and through them, we were able to take over because of kickstarter.next time they are threatened out, that is exactly when we take over and get it done.i love pbs because it is about people and it is wholesome. i want them to survive and to prevail.
it is a good idea to become a citizen naturalist or citizen scientist. if monsanto owns the midwestern famers, they do not own the people. if you want ot become a citizen data gatherer, check out the citizen scientist groups out of cornell university online. theyhave programs that bring you to a site and train you in observation. we should know. we should do.i remember when teachers were asked to become data gatherers. it was very illuminating and schools will be able to go forward in a new way as far as really understanding the problems of educating a diverse population. i have an old friend in virginia who is still in a fog of ideas and satisfaction directly following her going to a training workshop in the forest. the corporations are not going to do anything. the farmers are not going to do anything or monsanto will pay the a visit bigtime. but we can. pbs i love. they do the best they can. but the superwealthy have been infiltrating them little by little for a good 30 years. but if it had not been for pbs,  we would not even be getting this hold through kickdstarters on a big problem by those who don't care at all about us.
the next notice would be nice to hear when and where ck will be available to be screened.
hi lou and renee, as new yorkers, we envy your privacy and peace and assure you that now that the campaign has wound down, you won't be hearing from us quite as often. we promise! thank you for the feedback. tia & carl
not to rain on your parade, but we are getting way to many updates from you. we are private people, live way out in the wilds of far northern california and truly value our privacy and peace. we read about your project and thought it deserved support. while we have limited funds, we were happy to add to what we are sure is an important and quality effort. however, we are now getting several "updates" each day and while, we are sure you believe that they are interesting to us, they really aren't why we wanted to help you out. it is getting to feel like we are becoming part of a fund development program and we surely do not want that. so, if you could please lighten up on the correspondence to us, we would truly appreciate that effort.  lou and renee' mendonsa
thanks so much, margaret. we so appreciate your kind words and your generosity of spirit.
i will happily pay whatever i need to pay to see the film regardless of what i contributed (although i contributed less than $75.00), although i contributed as much as i could afford to contribute. my contribution was done with no expectation of anything other than doing my small part in standing up to the kochs and not letting them get away with starving this project to death by cutting off critical funding.   so the filmmakers are new to this sort of fundraising and are learning their way about it. so what? this is an amazing success story and we should take some time to enjoy it before picking away at it.
i heard about you on one of the msnbc shows.  i hate the koch brothers and all the vile things they have worked hard to do to the usa (especially the mental manipulation of millions of people on a daily basis through their proxies).  anything that annoys them needs to happen.
we'd love to know how you heard about the kickstarter campaign and why you decided to participate!
hi nicolas, thanks so much for reaching out with your question. we struggled a lot with pricing of the rewards. and you do matter to us. ultimately, we wanted to make sure we weren’t treating kickstarter as a preorder system for “citizen koch” or an online store. this is against kickstarter's own guidelines. when you back our film, you aren’t buying something, you are joining with a community of people pooling their small dollars to offset the chilling effect of the big dollars deployed by billionaire david koch to effectively censor this film.  we hope that is something that you want, in addition to the film itself.
hello, i would like to add a data point concerning the 75$ to get a "free"  digital copy of the movie. the online distribution of one copy would be in the order of $0.10. so i find it very ironic that only 24% of you backers that made it possible for you to finish the movie will be able to watch it for "free". concerning the 75$ average, don't forget that many kickstarter campaign actually "sell" a product that actually cost a lot more that $0.10 to distribute... i personally gave $25 dollars to support your movie, how much more will i need to pay to watch legally? "more than 76%" of citizen kock contributions have been for $50 or less. but it looks like politic, you need to give a lot of money to get what you want. otherwise, you don't matter.
hi barry, we are so grateful for your backing of "citizen koch", and thank you for the question. we met nina paley when we both screened at roger ebert's film festival in 2009 and her film "sita sings the blues" is delightful. we were fascinated with her approach to distributing that film. unfortunately, our legal obligations to third party music and footage licensors may limit the scope of the creative commons license we could offer. but we will certainly look into this. in our experience, a staggered multi-platform release creates the most opportunities for impact, but we are open to all possibilities--both commercial and non-commecial!
is there any chance that you might release this film under a creative commons attribution share-alike license ( http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/us/ )?  it is perhaps the best way to insure that it will be seen by the largest number of viewers possible.  you might want to look into the experiences of nina paley, who released her film, "sita sings the blues" under such a license.  she has written extensively on the subject, including this article, "how to free your work": http://questioncopyright.org/how_to_free_your_work
i also learned of your project from watching chris hayes tonight and thought you both spoke passionately and astutely regarding the future of film distribution. as a progressive and a film and media studies graduate i am thrilled to back your project! (and am extremely disappointed in pbs)
i learned of this project on chris hayes also & enthusiastically support it.  i'm feeling quite let down about pbs though.  i enjoy pbs & pledge monthly.  i think i'm going to suspend my pledge to them for a while and ensure they know why.  not that my stupid pledge matters when they've got the koch's but every now & then, you just have to make a stand and say, "fetch this...."  yea, that's the plan. btw, ks is pretty clear that the artists own 100% of their project.  that you're backing them.  the value of a good deed is the deed itself.  that sort of thing.  i respect everyone motivated to visit this site and/or support this project but the rewards are clearly not meant to be of equal value.  i mean, as if the crappy tshirt with "i heart npr" on the front is worth the $100 i donated them.  right?
i also backed after seeing this on all in with chris hayes tonight.  wish i could have seen this on my local pbs station as you originally intended, but this way citizens will be your backers and you won't be subject to the kind of corporate influences pbs seems to be now.  they should change their name to cobs for corporate oligarchs broadcast slaves.
i am thrilled that you were on all in with chris hayes tonight. it took me about a minute into the segment featuring you guys to boot up my computer and become a backer. thanks so much for doing the work you are doing. i am the editor or raging chicken press, http://www.ragingchickenpress.org. we are a progressive, activist media site located in pennsylvania. i would be happy help with any promotion of your film and cause. ragingchickenpress@gmail.com.
but that's the average, which is very easily skewed by relatively few large pledges. according to this economist article [http://www.economist.com/blogs/babbage/2012/01/crowdfunding], the median pledge (half of people pledge more, and half of people pledge less) is $25. one of kickstarter's own help pages [http://www.kickstarter.com/help/school#defining_your_project] says the "most popular" pledge amount is $25 (in addition to quoting the $75 average). i know kickstarter isn't a store. i wouldn't expect to pay $25 to see a movie, but i would without a doubt pledge that amount if it would mean a free download of the film when it's complete. as of the time of writing, less than 23% of your supporters will be able to see your film. for now i'm staying with my original $1 pledge amount and may or may not seek out the film once it's released.
hi alexander-- we’ve been making films for a while, but are new to kickstarter, and we looked at statistics about rewards. $75 seemed to be the average, and we wanted to put our actual film reward in this price-range since we thought if this was the average, the backers at this level would surely want the digital download or dvd of the finished project as one reward. we were told kickstarter is not a store – in other words, the value of items isn’t a 1-1 ratio to the money donated.  if you pledge this amount, you will receive a digital copy of the film. we are not allowed to lower this amount now after the campaign launched. does that make sense?
congrats! on a big raise.  the film looks great.  we've been getting a lot backers on our project from the new york area.  it's a bit different, but if you get a chance can you tell your backers about our project at:  http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/291846368/art-story
*shouldn't the download cost less to produce? typos, typos...
i have a question: why does a digital download of the film cost as much as a dvd? should the download cost less to produce? (no case, dvd, physical cover art, etc.)
@paul i'm not sure if you'll check back into the comments, but you can always pledge beyond your selected reward level. for example, if you only want the $10 reward, you can choose that reward level, but type in $25 for your pledge. should be golden.
i am sick and tired of having those who inherited money from their parents, never had to work for a living, and who use that money to pay off politicians to assure a privileged place in society including making sure they do not pay their fair share of taxes.  the awful tragedy that just happened in canada with the runaway train should put a lie to the claim that these companies do not use public services.  who is paying for the police, firemen etc, who are searching for bodies and cleaning up the mess?       it is the citizenry of canada!!
it would be pretty damn awesome if this campaign ended up getting the $150,000 they lost from pbs.
i'm doing my best of standing up for it, that is. typos!
i hate it when people stand in the way of democracy, so i'm standing up for it. that means i'm also standing up for your movie. :)
the iniquity of the koch brothers is so endemic that it's reasonably accurate to state that if they don't want you to have it, it's probably something you need. they really don't want you to see this movie.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
i'm from madison, wi and am thrilled to see this projects funds grow so quickly. i've never worked for a union, i work for a big private company. but i was marching in almost every protest i could make because i support our public school teachers and other public workers. i'm fully aware that i have my benfits because of the demands union workers have made over the decades. as union enrollment diminishes, so have my benefits in the private sector, of course we have no recourse. we're too afraid to lose our jobs if we speak up.  gov, walker continues to do damage to this state. my friends are all packing up and leaving (of course there aren't too many places to escape to). starving children, denying women basic healthcare, continuing to take money out of public schools, destroying our environment are the current agenda items being passed through model legislation by alec and others, who are heavily funded by the koch brothers . this film will be important for all to see, because it's not just going to happen to wi, it's coming to a state near you. hopefully, it will be the ah ha moment that makes people realize that walker's "divide and conquer" tactics are working right now, and if we all come together against this, we can turn this ship around.
i just wish you'd given an option to forgo one of the rewards. i wanted to donate $25 purely for the knowledge that it would get this film seen by people as this sort of thing is going on all over the world; but i'm outside the us so it absolutely wouldn't allow me to give that amount. i was prepared to tick a box saying that i knew the reward wouldn't be shipped to me, but wasn't given the option so i had to donate just $10. maybe i'll go back in and donate again but i can't help feeling you're losing some money that you could've had.
it's a bit disappointing to see the price point on actually getting the movie set so high. you're asking us to bring this project to fruition after it was blocked by money and yet we're not getting access to the movie this way either. i know it's not supposed to be a 1-to-1 deal, we're willing to pay more than a dvd at the store, but looking at similar campaigns would have let you know the expectations backers would have.
i'm happy to donate to this project and am grateful to carl and tia for having the courage to make a film that shines a light on what is truly going on with u.s. politics today.  it is time for all of us to re-engage in our democratic process and use our voices and votes to change the policies that allow our democracy to be undermined. this documentary promises to be an excellent tool to start an honest conversation. i can't wait to see the film!
the people with all the money don't get to make all the rules.  i am grateful for the opportunity to stand up--to stand together--in a community of people to make sure that this important story is told.  thank you carl and tia for making this film, and for inviting all of us to participate in getting it before the public.  this is the best $ i'll spend all month.
i learned the reason for supporting this project when i was six years old, from someone who said it much better than i ever could: sometimes when the fight begins, i think i'll let the dragons win. but then again, perhaps i won't. because they're dragons. and i don't.       a.a. milne
i was ignorant of the koch bros. real impact on politics and america until i read the great article two years ago in vanity fair.  started doing my own research; and began to understand why the middle class is disappearing.  the increasing use of infomercials by pbs (various "doctors" and their fixes for everything from health to finances to sell  books and earn higher speaking fees) has infuriated me.  to deny this film the exposure it deserves completely changed my feeling about pbs.  is this why frontline hasn't done its own investigation into the koch bros.?  if hbo picked up this documentary, would cnn air it (as they have several other hbs docs)?  the places i relied on for clear information have disappeared as quickly as the middle class.  i donated early, without question, and want carl and tia to come speak to my media/film/tv/journalism students in boston.  although the influence of pbs on my university might make that impossible.
bottom line for me with this project is bringing awareness to as many as possible that the fourth estate has and is being compromised by money. it is very troubling - when a show is cancelled because it casts truth on powerful monied people. when media owners actually say that they can control what gets out to the public. when major initiatives are not even presented to the public when they counter corporate agenda. i would like to see a collaboration of distribution with other progressive groups (pccc - daily kos - moyer's and company to mention a few) to get this out to the masses.
i supported this because i'm not sure what to believe anymore. i'm not sure if the rhetoric being used by tea party candidates is out of misguided fears or is it rhetoric that is used to emotionally charge and drive people to drive their financial causes. i'm not saying that it's exclusively tea partiers, but i'm sad that this rhetoric is becoming standard to drive people. education is freedom.
i supported this project to promote strong public schools where unions are strong.  unions not only enable teachers to enjoy middle-class status, but are powerful lobby group at the state level for educational funding.  i'm a minnesotan educator who stands in solidarity with my wi colleagues and others who are in the midst of alec destroying public education.  thanks angela ramey - know the world is watching wi and walker!
i supported this project because it is so very personal to me. i am from madison and attended the protests. i am done with our state and country being controlled by private companies and not the people. this story needs to be heard and heard and heard.... thank you for making the film.
thanks for all these great comments! its great to hear why people are backing this project. tell us where you're from! wisconsin, we want to hear from you!
i supported this project because i do not believe in censorship or that the power of the almightly dollar trumps all.
this is the first kickstarter i have ever funded and i'm delighted to support such a worthwhile project. i heard about your project on democracy now and michael moore. i think its a disgrace that pbs allows itself to be manipulated like it does by a single donor. best of luck with the film launch and thanks for keeping healthy public debate alive.
i donated because this is an important message that needs to get out! if you want to reach the most people, sell dvds or downloads as inexpensively as possible and many house parties will follow!
happy to support such an important project, especially in light of the events at itvs. however, i would comment that the trailer needs a lot of work. it's far too fast moving, confusing and i needed to watch it about 4 times before it made sense. strip it down, slow it down and make the message simpler. good luck!
thank you ashgill for your comment, and for being a citizen koch backer! the dvd does not include a public performance license. however, anyone interested in organizing a community screening should sign up on the "organize" page on www.citizenkoch.com!
carl & tia, please correct my reasoning if i am incorrect, or confirm if this is indeed your intent: you state in your comment, "we launched this campaign with one simple goal – to connect people who believe the film should not have been suppressed from the public airwaves and ask them to help us self-distribute it so it could be seen." if i understand this correctly, you are saying that the goal is have people help you distribute your film to others. preferably many others. if this is correct, then i would like to suggest to backers who are complaining about the $75 price that they are not just getting a copy of the film; they may also be getting a public performance license, which has additional value. see http://www.mpaa.org/contentprotection/public-performance-law for more details.
ditto.  i find the complaints rather pathetic.  as if the only reason you'd pitch to something like this is to get a reward?  come on people, if you're here to get something than don't waste your time by leaving downer comments.  your not helping.  this is about supporting a worthy cause.  if you don't want to support it, then wait for the dvd.  oh, and it appears they completed their goal with 26 days to go.  uh, what do you have to say now?
i don't understand the folks who complain about the cost/reward tier of their donations! really? you are pledging money here to help an important project. please think about what you're saying. do you expect jerry lewis to come to your house and put on a show after your donate money to md research? of course not. also, let's get this kickstarter to hollywood. i want to see those folks put their money where their mouths are!
this film is the most important film to distribute nation wide for all of our sake. i donated so that i could get a dvd as i see it a part of history however, after talking to some friends, i was hoping to invite a group and show the film at my house for a discussion afterwards. i posted your facebook info on my wall and now people are asking to show in a community center large enough to get as many people as we can to see the film who may not go else where to view it. however, do you plan to release in theaters? do you have any plans in involving the citizens/kickstarter supports to screen the film simultaneously across the nation? i also have a friend who works in the media and she is willing to help. there are many of us very excited you have this film and want to help distribute it in any way that we can, if we all pitch in, it will be more than any 1% can do and we all can make history by showing it across the nation all at the same time. that would be awesome, one huge screening for "citizen koch" oh the after parties! oh! and thank you! i'm looking forward to it,
thank you all for your comments and interest in our project. we’ll answer specific questions here and also add responses and clarifications to our faq! 1)	“also preparing to launch a separate kickstarter on day 1 of this campaign?” this is the only kickstarter campaign we’ve ever launched, and it will be the only one we have planned for “citizen koch.” we decided to try kickstarter only after our promised funding fell apart. 2)	“$75 to download the film is way over the top.” we launched this campaign with one simple goal – to connect people who believe the film should not have been suppressed from the public airwaves and ask them to help us self-distribute it so it could be seen. we believe our experience and the content of our film is part of an important conversation about the influence of money in politics.  we’ve been making films for a while, but are new to kickstarter, and we looked at statistics about rewards. $75 seemed to be the average, and we wanted to put our actual film reward in this price-range since we thought if this was the average, the backers at this level would surely want the digital download or dvd of the finished project as one reward.  we were also told kickstarter is not a store – in other words, the value of items isn’t a 1-1 ratio to the money donated. we admit this may have been out of touch with other campaigns, but it was a decision we made in good faith. if you pledge this amount, you will receive a digital copy of the film. we are not allowed to lower this amount now after the campaign launched. 3)	“if this campaign gets funded, will you not be working on it?” we (tia and carl) are going to be the central producers and now distributors of our work, yes. our small creative team will be working on this project until it gets seen and the information contained in it is exposed. we will not stop until this goal is met, we would never consider stopping now.  4)	“if you do not need any time to complete this project, and this is just marketing, please say so.” this is not marketing. we would not betray the goodwill of the hundreds of backers of this project. we’ve committed years to making this film, and expect to be working on it for months to come. the film still needs a final pass to ready it for self-distribution – and now all the marketing, booking, digitization costs and outreach need to be paid for by us. in the film business, this is called print and advertising or p&a funds and usually a broadcaster or distributor would cover these. now that’s just us. 5)	“how much of this project has already been done?” a lot. we couldn’t have shown it at sundance without a cut being complete, but sometimes films are show in film festivals even when they have not been finalized for release.  you can do certain things at a festival that you can’t in the marketplace: like use temp music, and archival photography and have temp credits and graphics.  what we need to finalize now is the final sound mix, the film’s score and graphics, color correction, creating mastered elements for digital retailers, licensing archival footage (this is huge) and licensing our music. none of this includes the many new expenses of releasing the film directly to fans. we want to engage communities across the country to work with the film and inspire audiences to act on a range of issues such as the push to overturn citizens united, pushing for disclosure and reductions in corporate expenditures on political campaigns, campaign spending limits, public financing of elections and campaign finance reform. 6)	“what is the expected release date ?” the initial broadcast date was going to be in the fall of 2014, before public television backed out of our partnership after feeling pressure from their high donors. we are planning a multi-platform release, incorporating theatrical, television broadcast, a community screening program, educational release, and then ultimately dvd and online release. each phase will be supported by the community engagement program partnerships with dozens of national and regional partner organizations aligned to reduce the impact of big money on the political process. and we hope to maximize the reach and impact of the film.
this film is important. i was happy to donate.
if it was another set of documentary film makers running a ks i might think the qs below are valid   but your track record of activist organizing film-making speaks for itself.  already your organizing around the koch buy out of media shows that the project transcends merely completing a film but is really about how film and the process can be used as an organizing tool.
+ 1 to ben margolin.  $75 to download the film is way over the top. also preparing to launch a separate kickstarter on day 1 of this campaign ? if this campaign gets funded, will you not be working on it ? if you do not need any time to complete this project, and this is just marketing, please say so. how much of this project has already been done ? how much still needs to be done ? what is the expected release date ?
+1 to other people's comments; this is a really crappy kickstarter at this point, but could be a great one, and one i'd almost certainly backed at a meaningful level, especially since i had read the piece in the new yorker and found it compelling (and hate the koch brothers). however: this ks has no clear goal! what do you mean by "delivering the film for distribution"? i mean, what exactly, and how much do each of those things cost? how did you arrive at $75k as the total needed? why is it not the $150k you "lost"? i assume you determined costs for "sound mix, color correction, archival footage and music licensing costs" before you finished editing (or if you didn't, bad on you). if you did, share. we don't mind if you are going to make a profit, by the way. the $75 level for a digital copy / dvd of the film is borderline offensive. so it's ~$72 for you to use randomly, and ~$3 for the reward... uhmm... ok. that's far out of line with the typical film ks. it looks bad, especially since you are so hand-wavy about what kind of distribution you are attempting to achieve. no one minds paying $20 for a digital download but knowing that millions of people will be able to see it on youtube, or at a movie theater cheaper later -- that's the point of supporting you. but $75 feels like you're up to something. i hope you guys make your $ goal amount, but i much more hope that you seriously contemplate exactly what the goal for the ks itself is. i don't like "just give us some money to kind of figure out something to do with this, thanks" as a plan. had you thought this through better, and more clearly outlined your plan, i'm certain you would ultimately achieve a much higher total funding amount.
i have to echo the sentiments of several other backers: i think this is a good, worthwhile project. but if your goal is to release and have it seen by as many people as possible then you're shooting yourself in the foot by requiring a $75 pledge to be allowed to watch the film. additionally, your project description doesn't describe how you intend to release this film when it's done. will it be a paywalled digital download? dvd? aired on a network? screened in theatres? posted to youtube? some other method i haven't thought of? i'll probably increase my pledge level once these concerns are addressed.
this sounds like an important film for people to see, and i want to help make it happen. but like many others, i'm not able to part with the $75 necessary for the free download pledge level. please reconsider your reward structure.
i hope that this project really takes off, also when you acquire the funding through what media will this film be aired?
digital download at $75 or more? i believe you have ripped that page from koch b. playbook. don't be greedy! remember, that is what this film is supposed to be about.
if you want this to be successful, you're going to have to let a digital download go for less than $75.  every video project i've backed has had a download available for $10 or $15.  you'll probably reach your goal anyway, but you wont blow past it to 400% like you could. just food for thought.  best of luck to you and your project.
i'm not from the us .. and don't even know how/when i might get to see this documentary. but anything that will help to make people aware of just how badly skewed your system is right now is worth supporting.
my 2013 pledge donation to pbs went here instead.
