thank you marc! yes, we have successfully tested over-the-air updating with 3rd party apps to get the new firmware on the first generation o's. unfortunately, not even the inhouse app from the (big company name) bluetooth manufacturer work reliably. so the process already works manually and with some patience, but it is not user friendly at all yet. we're on it...
ps - battery level low alert should also be on the to-do list. i do understand that this will need a hardware revision (to do voltage sensing), so that's ok.
@creator, i understand your frustration and your dislike of reading negativity, but nonetheless there is no way to escape the situation or to put it in nicer terms. your comment suggests we'll all need new o hardware to benefit from the improvements? is that right? perhaps you might want to add over-the-air (bluetooth) firmware updates to the to-do list. anyway, i opened up an o over the weekend and discovered it was surprisingly empty in there. battery swap brought the dead o back to life but it really needs an app update to be usable. even a fix for some of the issues is better than none.
please accept our sincere apologies for these experiences. these messages are hard to read when people in our team have been working day and night to make the o better. but i understand and, in fact, share your frustration when we are not fast enough with the improvements and fixes that are encouraged through the messages at support@owithme.com. the hardest part still remains to cope with the limitations we are facing from mobile phones, their sensor (in)accuracies and their operating systems. the majority of our efforts has been going into counteracting unwanted and unpredictable behavior on that end. almost always, these kind of improvements come at the cost of some trade-offs such as less responsive alerts under certain conditions. our developers have made good progress over the last months, but we have not been able to get all the improvements out to you as quickly as we wanted. we have developed a modified firmware for the next chip production and have, in parallel, tested a new app version. updates will come to the app stores as soon as we are confident that they provide a better experience overall. special thanks to all of you who have not only been patient and understanding, but also constructive and helpful with your feedback.
another frustrated o user. i just put all my twelve os in the recycling bon. it has no use at all. i will now rather get a new 4-pack of tiles...
irrespective of the reliability issues, which i've also experienced (including losing my keys!), my first 'o' has died. not sure if its the battery, but even if it is, i expected it to last longer than that. :( i have three more, so i'll switch over and try again.
i have tried everything. i installed the app several times and on several devices. i added all may o's with wifi ond without it. i set the status to essential or not. but the problems will not end. i add an o für my keys. i put my smartphone in the left bag of my trousers and the keychain withe the o in thr right one. the distance between mobile and keychain are aprox. 30 cm. and the after a little time my smartphone makes "dingeling" with the message from the o app that i have forgotten my keychain. what? 30 cm distance and the app will not find my key ring. i have tested several month now. but nothing and no one can help. also your support have had no solution for this. so i shitcan this useless parts. wasted money and wasted time - that's the result of my experience with the o.
@wisser: thanks for the feedback and very sorry to hear that. we are constantly working to remove all the issues of the app one after the other. some are quick, some have proven to be harder to crack. but we are still confident it is just a matter of time for all of them. please send us your phone type and os version to support@owithme.com with any other details that you can provide and we'll look into it!
i consider the o a total loss.  most of the time the app doesn't work at all. when activated it will alarm me when i put my keys in my right and my phone in my left pocket. but when i leave my keys at the desk i do not get any alarm.  so in total my o is a useless piece of junk. (although very stylish)
i have problens with send my product: stop in postal office: https://wwwapps.ups.com/webtracking/processrequest…
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details… :)
hi, i cannot find the o app in google play store.  help
hi chris and massimo. thanks a lot for providing feedback. we are happy to look into this together with you. please @everyone: send your questions about the app to support@owithme.com - this will help us a lot to keep track of them and help in the most personal way. note that a lot of issues are specific to the device you are using and the operating system version and we need to investigate case-by-case what happens why. thank you very much to everyone who has been sending supportive notes and valuable inputs in this way! we also acknowledge that we still have to provide more guidance throughout the app and on our support page to explain how the app works. please allow some time for us to do so. finally, we are separately preparing a general update for everyone to proactively summarize any known issues and workarounds. stay tuned!
mine still isn't updating on the app, it says an item is with me and i have left it at home, so it should show safe.
hi,i've started having issues the o since this morning.the application crash wn i open it.tried to remove it and install again,reconfigured the first o correctly,then it started crashing again,if i go to the bluetooth connected devices it doesn' t show me the o anymore while other devices like apple watch are correctly connected,i also switched off and then back on bluetooth but o devices are still not visible.i'm running the app on my iphone 6s with  ios 9.3.2 on it .are you aware about any similar issues? regards
not sure if my o's are showing in the correct areas on my app, for example. two are showing as safe, one is at home and is safe the other is under the seat of my motorbike parked outside my office, within the range of the safe zone so i guess that's ok  the other two are showing as with me.and are sat right next to me. i am not sure if they should all be showing as safe or all as with me, but i haven't noticed a change in this in weeks.  is it a case of proximity? because two are right next to me and the others are further away. does this sound right to you guys?
i have just revived my o and i'm delighted. thank you
welcome
thanks peter.
you just have to swipe left or right for the color, that's it
i am using the latest version of the o app but it does not show me the colour of each o on the main screen. do i have to turn this function on?
the same in italy, app can't be found in italy from the app store. btw from the app can't the o be searched? it just says if my o's are with me or not, but for example if i need to find them in the house the app doesn't provide a way to do it..
just wanted to say, that you can´t find the app in the store by itself. at least, that´s what i experienced in germany when trying to find the app. had to go through webpage and direct link.
this sounds good for me
dear all, thanks a lot for your comments! please do direct your issues to support@owithme.com so we can collect, categorize and prioritize them in the most efficient way. we have been slightly overwhelmed with all the inputs and apologize if some people had to wait more than 24 hours. we are trying to catch up this weekend. we have been busy working on the app and the next update will be available for android and ios early next week. it should address the majority of the topics mentioned below. thanks to everyone who provided constructive feedback since the last version! in addition, you will be able to see the color of each o on the main screen to make it easier to tell them apart in this next version. and we will introduce major improvements for safe places as requested - we believe most of the unexpected behavior was related to insufficient gps accuracy of the data provided to the app by the phone. please continue to report any difficulties and to suggest ideas to make the experience smoother. we will make quick, incremental improvements every 2 weeks!
hi, i got 4 o's and got same problems shown below.  for example right now, i'm sitting in the living room and my o's are 4 meters from me.  all 3 o's are "left behind".  so i need to knew what i have to do that these things works well in the other case i have to send the o's back
hello, i've sent a couple emails to the support email (support@owithme.com) in the last two days and got no responses, decided to try my luck here. i received my set of o's three days ago and paired three of them with my phone. day after that, i came to work, left everything with o's attached on my desk to try it out. i walked away a 100 feet and i did not get a single notification. even worse, when i opened the app, it showed all my items as if they were at home. if i don't get notified when i leave stuff behind and they are reported as somewhere else, that's worse than having no tracker at all. then i tried deleting and re-adding one of the tags and the app started crashing as soon as i open it. that went on for another day. today i managed to open the app and saw that none of the o's were registered, they all went away. i added them again. on the way to work, the app would go off every couple minutes telling me i left something behind, although i had everything right next to me. this is still going on, and i had to silence my phone as the notification sound started annoying not just me but everyone around. i understand that it takes time and iteration to perfect a product, however i have seen enough crowdfunded products to know that these issues are unlikely to be fixed anytime soon, if ever. as i asked in my last email, please send me the instructions for returning the product. thank you.
@jason nelson  i have also been experiencing something similar. i'd really like to be able to change the range of safe zones.  my office is only small, but the safe zone is 40 meters. i'm half way down the road on my motorbike by the time i'm out of the sfaezone.
thank you jeannine borgo i thought that i might be the only one experiencing that problem.
i just received the o and have started using it. visually it looks and feels great and exceeded my expectations. the os connected after some trial and errors. but the alert doesn't seem to work properly. when i take the items with me at least one of them triggers an alarm.when i leave them behind, silence. one time my keys showed up as save even though they were with me on my way to work (the purse o showed up correctly as with me). additionally, there was no alarm even though i had marked the keys as essential. is this something which is still being fixed?
i have seen a lot of really positive comments.  am i the only one having trouble with mine?  i have a two of the o.  one for my keys and one for my wallet.  sometimes it works as described but most of the time it has no idea where either of my items are.  yesterday i was at home and my app told me my wallet was still at work...it was right next to me.  this happens more often then when it work.  i don't even bother using the app or the items anymore.
@chia tat chan, no thank you!
thanks for the o, i am pleased to have this device
@tam sin hang - thank you very much for your feedback. i have passed on your request about the vibration alert to our developers and we will do our best to accommodate! thanks again
@cloudy, thank you for your comment! i have just replied to your direct message. your second premium keychain is on it's way to you.
dear creator, i have paid for the 8 os and 2 premium keychain accessories but much to my disappointment when i open the package today, there is only one premium keychain accessories... can you please send the other one that is missing...
being a backer who has tried the o, i would like to share the following comments: - the material quality, design and assembly and the packing design is nice - the packing workmanship is fair - the detection signal and proximity assumption is good but the vibration alert is too weak and vibration should allow recurrence and interval between vibration be customizable. - cant wait your notification of next improvement update
detlef this is the kind of message that we dream of : ) thank you for sharing. of course please do send any suggestions for what we can do better to support@owithme.com! i hope you are having a great weekend.
just got my o. great. no need to pay custom fee. have downloaded the app - works well. connected to os to my nexus 5. use one o in my wallet, place it on an table an went away. push notifaction reminds me after a distance of approx. 6-8 meters, that i have left my wallet. fantastic - it works perfect. thank you for this useful product. wish you a lot of succes with these and coming projects.
hi everybody! we are replying to everyone separately on this thread. from now on please can you email support@owithme.com? we are able to respond to these messages much more quickly. thank you!
just got my package.  they are very pretty.  downloaded the app but when i open it all i get is a blank screen.
something has happened to my parcel because the tracking service tells me it has been returned to sender. i've contacted the transport company and they say that it's true that the parcel has been returned to sender but they don't know why so i must contact the sender to ask for the reason. and that's what i'm trying to do. my track number is 801556511101319642 and my order number 2515. i've checked once more the address and it's correct so, please, let me know what happened
just so you all know there is an update to the app, it has fixed a few issues for me. love always
could you please tell me which is the courrier? ups? still not found - i like to track :)
also i will be posting my continued findings on my website - www.webstersreviews.co.uk as well as a full review after a couple of weeks testing. feel free to check it out everyone. love always
hi. i received my package yesterday.all of my os' connected successfully but did have trouble with one, which was because it was not clipped together properly, i gave it a squeeze and it worked.  i love the packaging, and the look and feel of the os' i have tested this morning by leaving one at home while at the office, but i have not been notified, i left it in a safe zone, but surely there should still be a notification, or am i wrong on that? i'd like to see a way of changing the range of safe zones, if there isn't already one that i have not found.  i am very impressed with the sticky patches, they are easy to apply and make a great connection with the surface you are sticking to.i think it should be more obvious that they are there because i can see someone throwing those away otherwise. the only thing that made me realize is that there is a spot on the side of the part that holds the os' to lift it up by. tomorrow i might remove my home safe zone and leave a n o at home, see if i get a notification. thanks guys. love always
@ame, thank you so much for your comment. i am now discussing your situation with our tech team and i will get back to you on a private message.
hi bernat! thank you for the feedback. i will send you an email directly.
ok i got mine yesterday and started trying to set up today. the first one (light blue) connected eventually (~45 sec) and the app kept crashing when i tried to assign it and safe zones. when i relaunched the app, that one was gone, and would not reconnect. i attempted three times and it will not connect. so i tried a second one (lime green). that one connected after about 30 seconds. when i tried to add a safe zone, it told me "gps is not accurate enough." i deleted it and tried to reconnect, to see if maybe it would get a better coordinate. after about 3 minutes, it finally did reconnect. but still will not allow me to do a safe zone. when i tried to do a safe zone separately, it gives me an error saying that the gps is not accurate enough and will not do it at all.
got mine today, it seems the chain barely fits into the hole of the rhodium accessory, is that on purpose? i think it would be more practical should it move move freely in the hole :)
@darryl, thank you for your comment. we also received your email and will get back to you by replying there.
just received my package in the post in the uk.  have only been able to get the app to recognise 2 of them, so far.
hi ferd and kel, i have sent you both messages privately about your shipments!
no email, no o yet. any ideas on when i should get it in the netherlands?
can you upload the app on south korea google play store? i
i haven't received a shipment email yet.
@chris, thank you so much for your message, it is really wonderful to hear that! we have tried hard to keep everyone updated whilst we are creating the best product we can for all of you. comments like this really make us happy!
hi @sheila and @don, thank you for your comments! i have sent you both private messages about your shipments.
no shipping email has arrived.  please remedy.
thanks for the latest updates guys.  i'd like to let you know that in terms of keeping us updated, you guys have done a great job. i don't think i have been left wondering at all, unlike other projects. thanks !
hi there, i live in the uk and no shipping email has come in yet, can i ask the timescales for the remaining orders to be shipped pretty please? i am so looking forward to getting the o, so keen to know when :-)
@the o: thanks for your answer. sounds good. i am staying tuned.
hi detlef, our global warehouse is located in the states and we are shipping everywhere from here. we have been assured by our shipping company that we have done everything possible to avoid custom charges to our customers. but unfortunately, we can't totally guarantee this. we do have  ce certification though, so we are not in the same situation as the other companies you had a bad experience with.
chia tat chan, we are very happy to hear that!
hi shauna, i'm very sorry if this was misleading. we decided to make our standard pack including a light accessory. so this means that everyone who ordered either of the original or luxury editions will be receiving an extra light accessory.
can't wait for my o to come
hm, meanwhile i have made some experiences with products, which will be shipped from the usa. in the case of an 3d scanner i don't got it, because the founder had no ce-certificate and the custom offer deny the import of this product. the same experience i have made with a smartwatch, a 3d printer and two other technical products. i thought i had backed a british company. in this case there were no problems. i don't have to pay any custom fee because the uk is still a member of the eu (now i have to pay, because it will shipped from the us) and the other thing is, that i don't know if the o will fulfill all necessary eu regulations for import.
was reading over the updates this morning.  are the backers who ordered a set of 4 + a light sport keychain receiving a second, complementary, keychain for free or were you giving a complementary keychain to those who didn't order one?
just received shipping confirmation and traking number. order number 2641 uk shropshire  shipped via ups. couldn't be happier!
hey all! hope you have seen the update. things have been a bit wild, but we are glad all worked out eventually. we wanted to be able to respond with clarity about the remaining timeline rather than just looking like we were making excuses. thanks for the patience. you can find direct links ot google play store and apple app store on our website: http://owithme.com/app.html
what the name of the app from apple stores ?
15th is tomorrow but i could not get any of shipping mail. can you guys update what have you done?
possible for an update please guys?
an update would be nice. have you shipped the items? your silence makes me thnk something is not going as planed.
hello , when can i recieve my items??? thanks
just checking whether any of us have already received the product?
@ darragh duffy if you log on on a pc or mac, there's a view pledge button near the top of the projects page, click on survey and you can see the details you have given. :) love always.
thanks a lot chris! :) happy to hear that.
hi guys. love the new website!
hi darragh, yes you need to log into your kickstarter account online, then go to our campaign page from there. the link to the survey is next to the reward you chose. that is where you can see the address we have for shipping. i'm so sorry there is no way for us to change it for you! many thanks.
hi folks, your update says head to the campaign page and next to reward check shipping address; i am using the kickstarter mobile app on ios; i can not see the option; do you mean log in via web site or something else to check my shipping address ?
we have drafted the next update and will send it out over the course of this weekend!
when can i get the product!
i hope to get it in 15. april.. is it possible?
:d the big shipment is currently being exported from china. some additional paperwork was requested by our manufacturers. we'll let you know as soon as the whole load is finally in the us!
update?
an update would be great.
thanks for the acknowledgement everybobdy! @mxnng: you will be able to share your o's with whoever you want. we decided to not restrict your possibilities of use in any way for now. multiple people can even use the same device - just not at the same time :)
thank you for the update. i was getting a little worried about you guys. kinda like a mom,waiting for her "o's" (children) to get home,no word, they're late,and ..... you get the picture.  haha.  well i am now relieved and my trust has grown.  thanks again. my lil'o's!
are all of the os we get tied to one app or say if i get a pack of 4, can i have 2 tied to an ios device and 2 to an android?
thanks for the great update guys,  and thanks for answering marks question so well.  i am really looking forward to using and testing the o. i will be publishing a full review on my site. im sure the o will not disappoint.  love always
thanks - seems like you have things well in hand. as a software developer myself, the software is just as interesting as the hardware to me.
haha nice one! thanks mark, for your question. you are absolutely right, that we have talked almost entirely about the hardware in the past. we weren't aware of the fact that this was a concern. i am glad you pointed it out. overall, we are still feeling very good about the state of the app and the progress we are making. the background is that we already had a working prototype version during the campaign. so in a way, a basic version of the app has already been around for a while. we have since hired two people working on it full time to smoothen several aspects of the experience. some things have been relatively straightforward, while others turned out to be proper research projects. the focus this very moment, for example, is to optimize battery consumption on the phone (and on the o) while still providing alerts with very short delays. generally speaking, there is a natural trade-off between the two and we have been inventing and testing algorithms to dynamically adjust the apps behavior with that respect. solving this in a highly efficient manner is extremely complex. what our prototype app did worked ok, but consumed far too much battery on the phone side for our taste. two people in our team hold degrees in mathematics and have been looking into creative ways of tackling this, we have a phd researching wearable devices who is supporting our efforts and we have access to additional resources from a local university. we feel very confident in solving even these very tough challenges. when it comes to the looks of our app, our designer started drawing the final screens for all supported phone types after all the industrial design and the packaging was finalized (after many many iterations). and there are already very neat interactions on the front end that, we believe, will put a smile on people's faces when using the app. small things like making it possible for the app to know the color of the device (and thus making it easier for the user to know which device you are connected to) were small success stories that took a lot of coordinated thinking between software, hardware and manufacturing processes. we are happy to include some details in a separate update in the future! in the meantime, i hope this gives you a good idea about the big picture and encourages some trust that there will be a working app ready for you once you receive your package from us :)
to maintain the animal theme, there's an elephant in the room - the app. really appreciate the hardware and packaging update, but the o won't work without its app, so how is that coming along? thank you.
to all our glorious backers. i cannot apologise enough from the silence on our side. we will be sending out an update to everybody today. for those of you who thought you were receiving your o's by the end of february, i am sorry that you thought this. we thought we had been careful not to over promise and said that delivery would take place in the first few months of 2016. and it will. as with any kickstarter project, there have been unexpected delays, which may have little to do with the product itself. for us for example, the packaging supplier we had chosen to work with, unexpectedly closed down for a whole month over chinese new year. i can tell you though that solid progress is constantly being made and you have no reason to be concerned. please know that we are working extremely hard to overcome all the small obstacles that come our way in order to get your o's to you as soon as possible. we mean it when we say we really do appreciate your support and do not take it for granted.
i think all your glorious backers deserve an update of some sort! your silence is not golden! but rather irritating as it leads us to believe something is wrong and you don't have the balls to be transparent,honest,forthcoming,loyal,dedicated,up front,to your dear backers! come on wtf is up? are you having issues? we would all love to know what the "o" is up to,is still alive and thriving, possibly jumping hurdles, hiding out in a warehouse somewhere,abducted by aliens???? your silence is leading us to believe the worst. so come on creators.   speak!
so upset for silence.  please give some information about shipping, si
please keep us updated. it was said that the end of february we would receive these. this is a bday gift for sister and her bday was 12.30. i told her by feb. she would have it but i would have to ship it to her once it ships to me. please, as of now march is beginning and all i can see is that you are still not completed with the mobile app? please tell us when you are shipping. thank you so much.
@creator, we need some update please. thank you.
last week of february? are we receiving the o this week? any photos of production?
@fede, we will get in touch with you separately to see what we can do.
ih@b, sorry for the long silence. we have been focusing all our energies on product testing and the logistics to get the device to you as soon as possible. we'll try to provide the next update with less of a pause. thanks for your understanding :)
@ryan: unfortunately kickstarter doesn't give us a possibility to re-send your survey. in their help, they state "if you think you might have missed a survey email, please log in to your kickstarter account to check — you’ll see a yellow notification bar at the top of the site for any missed surveys." please try if this works. otherwise, we need to take this up with the technical support team of the platform.
chris, i sent you private message with the address we have on record. thanks a lot for spreading the word about the o!!
hi guys check out my post on the o on my reviews site 2webstersreviews" http://www.webstersreviews.co.uk/…
hi i am due to move house on the 26th. i cannot edit my survey from here to account for it.  could you please help me change the address to be shipped to. unless it will arrive before the 26th of course! thanks
hi the o i am due to move house on the 26th. i have changed the survey to account for this, but can you please confirm if i have done the right thing, as i don't want it to arrive at my current house once we have moved. or will it arrive in time, in which case i should change it back?
hi o. how can i get another link to the survey? i think i missed it and can't find it in email. thanks!
hi the o, can i edit my pledge adding rhodium black mirror? thanks, fede
hi, is it possible to have some kind of an update?! thanks,
hi don, i will get in touch with you separately about how to best add light accessories. christian
hi nova! thanks a lot for your interest! in short, we are still on track to start delivering your o's by end of february. we'll prepare a proper update about the last couple of weeks shortly. thanks for a tiny bit more patience :) christian
hi creator, i'm guessing it's too late to add a couple of light accessories to my order.  am i right? thanks
please give us some update about the project. thank you.
hi perry, thanks for your question. shipping is expected to take place by end of february. kindest regards, christian
hello i had contribute the item  but i had waiting for a long time is there any specific shipping date? when will i get my item thanks !
hi james, thanks a lot for the feedback. you can always place an order in our web shop, but we will look into a more cost efficient option that works for you and get back to you as soon as possible.
hi guys, very excited about hopefully not losing my stuff in the future. trying to add a rhodium key chain to my order but paypal .me is not available in  my country. is there another way? thanks james
@creator @jim - that would also work well with the do not disturb feature i mentioned below, ie. if i was on a half day holiday from work and was leaving at 12pm, then the calendar could override the usual dnd setting for that day so it alerts you if you forget your keys. see, options are great :-d
@jim: thank you for the input. with the o you can already mark your multi meter as an "essential" on certain days. our app will then silently check for it whenever you leave a safe place like your office or a temporary safe place like a job site. we really like your idea with the calendar integration. we would love to give you the possibility to automatically check for certain items when you leave your house and the o finds certain key words in your calendar entries on the same day or shortly later... we'll keep you posted. if you can think of any more considerations or details to take care of, please feel free to send us a message explaining how you would like the o to work for you.
i was also thinking of an integration with your agenda. this to give you the possibility to plan for events or jobs it could even be like a taskmanager. like when i go to a job i select what i need to bring and the o will tell me if i forget it in the office or at the job site when i am leaving. biggest thing why i bought the o is because i lost my multi meter allready twice and since those things aren't cheap...
@mark: thanks! we'll take all of these points into account.
hi @morten - and everybody else. sorry for the long silence on our side. we have been mostly busy setting up all the things that are not directly related to making a product - things to make sure we can support you and further develop the product after our first shipment. on the product side, we are focusing on reliability and making the user experience great. we just spent some time and money optimizing the antenna performance, we got some geniuses on board and are tweaking how chip firmware and mobile app work together to make sure you only receive notifications when you really should - our main concern with other products. and for our backers, we just sent out a survey through kickstarter to ask for your shipping information and some inputs for product development and testing. unfortunately, kickstarter strictly prohibits marketing-related questions, so we will have to send you a separate link to make sure you receive your free pack of o's for referring your friends... other than that, we are super excited about working on this. manufacturing of the updated version with the replaceable battery is on track and we started the design process for our packaging. we will send you all a proper update when we have something nice to show! :)
@mark i'm in the same boat, so no you are not alone. and with all the trackers i have backed, one of them will work eventually :-) here is some suggestions i sent to another tracker - i don't care who implements them, i just want one that works! 1. use the standard android notification system, with options for sound, light and/or vibration. doing so gives immense flexibility - for example when a notification is shown, i can have it picked up and reported on my smartwatch so that it vibrates. i can set the led to a particular colour so that i can tell if i have forgotten something without informing the entire world. 2. use standard geo-fencing, so that cell as well as wifi coverage is used to determine the location. again using the standard android methods should alleviate any battery life concerns on the phone. i presume not checking the location of the tracker when at home for example, would also help with battery life on the tracker itself. 3. do not disturb hours - i would have this set from say 10am to 4pm during the week, this way i will not be notified every time i walk away from my desk (when my keys are in my drawer for example) - this is vital - otherwise the device is pretty much useless for me. ideal case is to have it configurable per day, as i do different (but repeatable) hours each day. 4. honour the volume/silent state of the phone. when i go into a meeting and put the phone in silent, last thing i want is the app overriding that to (falsely) tell me my keys have moved! or at least make it configurable. 5. have a silence until... option, so if for some reason the geo-fence decides i am not in the office after all, and the alarm sounds when i walk away from my desk - let me silence until ... 4pm so that it will no longer bother me until around home time. i'm sure there are more - for me, i'd rather a lot of options to configure be able to tailor to my requirements, than just a handful because the app thinks its clever enough to determine what i want. if you are scared a lot of options will confuse people, then put the basic ones up front, and cover the rest under advanced.
@the o any news?
hi the o first i would like to say that i'm really looking forward to trying the o's for me self. i just wanted to ask when the next update will be? just to get an idea about what you guys are working  on. best regards morten presmann
thanks @chris and spot on @mark! that's essentially exactly the philosophy we are using! thanks for the comment.
@the o you're absolutely right that the default use cases need to be kept simple, but since you're talking about ai, here goes: 'learn' what's safe and what isn't. so, i'm in safe zone 'office' (that does need to be a geo-fenced safe zone due to my wi-fi dead spots, but i think you said you were already working on something like that) and i walk away from my 'keys', so you sound the alarm. then i click a button that says 'actually, that's ok, you don't need to tell me if that happens again'. next time i'm in 'office' and leave my 'keys', that's still ok, but if i'm in safe zone 'home' and i leave without 'keys', that's not ok - i've probably locked myself out by the time you tell me, but that's another story! i do need a button somewhere to say 'forget what i told you' in case i change jobs, but that's it. two nice simple ui buttons and lots of behind-the-scenes cleverness. this doesn't solve the problem of leaving the keys in the office at the end of the work day, but you know what? i'm ok with that. you could go the ai route with that too and say 'aha, this time he took his keys with him', but that one breaks down if i leave work early, or late, so maybe not.
i think the suggested method of doing this (this day, this time, this item if... then...) would be the best way, as far as i can see, plus i quite like the idea of being able to use the app to line up circumstances as per the example... my phone on this day in this zone and if and then's its how a lot of programming is done, and its very powerful, and almost perfect for this kind of application.
@chris and @mark: great feedback! this is super useful. i have been thinking about this case, too, and we have a couple of ideas to solve it. the tricky part is to keep it as simple as possible without a tedious set up (like on this day, this time, this item if... then...). if you have ideas to keep it sweet... please don't hesitate to shoot them over. here is an example of how to solve 90% of the problems adding only a little bit of additional complexity: there are "essentials" and "daily items" - daily items are only checked when you leave the safe zone named "home"; essentials are checked when you leave any safe zone. we need to test, try, improve for all these situations! but it's very helpful to hear from you which cases we need to solve first!
@jim: thanks!!
hi mark gray this is something id love to see in the o too. as i, like you need different things with me at different times of day.  im an it professional with my own office, i often leave things in there, such as my phone keys and medication.  then need different things for my daily meeting and maintenance checks in the building i work in.
congratulations on achieving your goal. can't want until i am able to use it. hope to hear from you guys soon!
i've been through several trackers and none of them so far have worked for me - they all go off when i don't want them to. i'm hoping the o will be different (if not now, then eventually), which is why i'm here. since you've said you're adding ai features, there's one i really need - and the reason all the others failed me. here's the score: i leave home with phone and keys (essentials) and go to work. all good. i get to work and leave my keys in a safe place near my desk, but take my phone away to a meeting. alarm! you've left your keys - except of course i don't need them. that one's covered by wi-fi, so i can avoid that with my existing tags. now the real problem - i go to the local shop to buy lunch. alarm! left the keys again (and there's no wi-fi to help this time). except i don't need them now either - they're safer where i left them. but of course, when i leave work at the end of the day, now i want to know if i forget them. this sounds like a case where a geo-fence would help me, except that i need it to be semi-permanent. say, 10am to 6pm every weekday. do you think this is something the o may be able to do some day? i'm not the only one that has this problem, right? :)
@steve: thanks a lot, very happy to hear that we could exceed your high expectations! we plan to continue to do so ;-)
@creator please check your pm inbox. thanks,
i looked at this project about a month ago, and went straight to the battery. sealed unit with subscription model? no thanks. i marked a reminder just in case, but unlike pip i had no great expectations. reminder pops up, battery is scheduled to be user replaceable, and you have another octopus backer. competition in tech is brutal: you just out-evolved it. well done, best of luck, never stop evolving.
@nicholas: thanks for asking. this might be interesting to understand for others, too. you can freely share your devices with anyone you want. different people can register the same device on their phones. however, as long as you are connected, nobody can "break" the connection without your consent. very similar to how you can share bluetooth speakers with friends, for example. please don't hesitate to write us a message if you have more specific questions.
@alvina: yes, currently the o needs to be running in the background.
if i had 4 o's would all of them be connected to my phone or do i have the ability to give them to others and they can use them as well connected to their phones? how does the connectivity process work?
do i need to keep the app opened in the background for the o to work?
@tiago: thanks a lot! you just hit comment #100 here with this :)
@creators awesome product ;)
@justin: i am writing you a separate message to assist. generally, to add more keychains click the blue "manage my pledge" button on the top right of the page. on the next page you will see a box with an amount in £. put the correct amount there and click "continue to next step" at the bottom.
@lenore: thanks so much for your nice words. really appreciated. we are so happy we could find a replaceable battery solution that keeps the device highly water resistant and doesn't require us to increase the size!
@roberto: thanks a lot for your comment! we agree. wireless charging would be a great solution for the o. the reason we are not doing it at the moment is exactly what you mentioned: people don't have the charging devices at home... and we don't want to ask people to make that investment specifically for the o. it's something we strongly consider for a future version.
@mohammed: thanks a lot for the question. very pleased to hear that you will be spreading the o in your place! for multiple orders of the same reward, it works exactly how you said.... just pledge the amount for the number of rewards and add your country-specific shipping cost once. so in the case of saudi arabia and 5 x light editions that would be 5 x £38 + £12 = £202. if you want to mix rewards you can add that to the amount, too, but we would appreciate a quick message so we are sure to prepare the right package for you.
@peter and brian: we will add a windows phone survey in the next update, probably tomorrow. there was too much content in the recent ones already.. sorry for the long wait.
i am a backer and would like to add two of the rubber  accessories to my original pledge . however, i cannot find a way to do this that  preserves my original pledge and allows me to add £12 for the two accessories. i  welcome any advice you can offer. thank you for the innovation and hard work that it takes to bring your product to market.  sincerely, justin smith
thank you very, very much for all the hard work you're putting into this project. i really like the screw-off design's method of battery replacement, in spite of the slight increase in size. i feel that it offers the most secure method of battery retention. i've had sliding covers become so loose that i've had to tape them closed!
i just have one thought , why don't you add the wireless charging battery to the battery... its a common charging method right now (although you can't buy the charger easily for now)
dears, i want to pledge for more one reward in the same category is it possible ? e.g. if i want to pledge 5 of 38£ can i pay 190£ and it will be ok ?
ago = to go  :)
7 days ago, will there be a definite answer or at least a survey regarding windows phone/windows 10 mobile before that?
windows phone user.  i am curious how to add more keychains since i added several o's.  the rubber idea is also good.  for the app development, i'd recommend using zamarin so that you only code once and you can deploy to ios, android and windows.  thank you.
@alvina: that's an interesting thought! thank you.
@ziggy: thank you! we have heard the request and will offer a cheaper rubber keychain attachment to be ordered as an add-on during the campaign. we are still waiting for the final decision about the design of the o - just a couple of more days... because in the option where the o only becomes waterproof with a special accessory we would likely make that accessory so that you can also use it on a keychain and replace the older one. in either case, rest assured that the rubber accessory will hold the o firmly - we will provide better 3d drawings later so you can see it for yourself :)
just finished the colour range survey i can see this product becoming popular for elderlys and a vibrant colour will definitely help them look for it in their bags etc since vision deteriorates as we age
now that you guys are working miracles with colors and batteries, i'd like to "second" the backer who requested the ability to purchase the lightweight accessory.  i'll be needing to hang three of my o's, and would love a less expensive option for doing so.  the design of the rubber one worries me, it looks like it would be fairly easy for the o to pop out of it?  (i plan to hang them on children, so stability is an issue!).  the rhodium is beautiful, but my keys get that, not my kids. for future ideas, i would love a case with some kind of clip, kind of like a binder clip or money clip.  this could easily be attached to, say, a report that i can't forget to take to work tomorrow, or a book i'm supposed to bring to lunch to loan a friend.
@dave and allie: thanks a lot for your comments! really happy to hear that. we are trying so hard to get things right for all of you! it's good to see when it works. happy weekend everybody! :)
@peter: we definitely want to support windows phone, too! i think nobody will be against it :) and it should be possible to have a first version for launch. it would be interesting to know how many backers use windows phone. we can ask in one of the next updates
survey completed! loved both color palettes, minimalist and vibrant! can't wait to see what else you come up with!
@creator thanks for clarifying, the solution sounds great and makes much more sense :-)
please try and have a survey for or against windows phone /windows 10 mobile support before the campaign ends, so i have a chance to drop out. without windows support 'the o', however great, becomes useless to me personally.
yay!! more than half of you have already voted in our color survey :) @all the folks who submitted color suggestions earlier: thanks for helping us to come up with the choices. to clarify our approach: to simplify things, we thought about your feedback, asked our friends and thought that most people would probably either feel passionate about really vibrant, hip and joyful colors or they would like to keep it as plain, simple and chic as possible. of course the real world is not as simple as that, but it sounded like a good way to start: 2 versions, a vibrant one and a minimal/calm one. @samuel: thanks for the feedback. so good to hear that you like the vibrant and the chic minimal ones. it's impossible to make everybody happy and we found it extremely hard to come up with palettes that as many people as possible would love (literally sweating when hitting the send button for the survey). we like the idea of glow in the dark ones! we'll definitely look into adding them with other options in the future. @dave: sorry for the confusion. so there will a vibrant pack and a minimal one of course! we understand that people's opinions differ a lot. you and samuel are a great example. with the second minimal option, we tried to take the color of the existing one (a very calm and light grey, during editing it came out almost like white) and add soft variations to it to make them look like a couple of light grey pebbles. the idea of this palette was to maximize the effect of blending in with the environment. for people like you who don't want it to stand out. some of my friends feel exactly the same! for this purpose, we tried colored samples with different colored other materials and these light grey tones seem to do best to "disappear". we will make sure during fine-tuning the actual plastic coloring with the factory that this is the case!
if i understand right, based on the survey results, you will end up with just the vibrant (1-3 depending on results), or just the minimal (1-3 depending on results). is that correct ? if so, i'd seriously rethink that. i have zero interest in any vibrant colours, i don't want the o to standout, in fact i would prefer all of my o's to be the same colour - the white shown in the campaign page! please could you clarify exactly what options will be available to us ? (i don't mean what colours, just the options we will have. ie. all one colour, or only one range (vibrant / minimalist) etc etc. i'm quite confused!
> hello! > > i have just completed your survey on the minimal and vibrant ranges and i love the ideas, but i think you could make the vibrant even more vibrant with a cheeky fluorescent green and orange in there. that could also lead on to making them out of glow in the dark plastic to aid further finding! > > the minimal range is super chic, love it. > > regards, > > sam, the one who will probably lose these.
hi richard. i am sorry to hear the o is not for you. we have looked at a lot of other devices out there and some of them indeed are small and do interesting things. but until now we haven't seen anything that provides the same day-to-day value without any interactions. the o is a mobile app that you never need to open, that quietly runs in the background and only reminds you when you really need it. that is really what we are trying to do in the best possible way. we will keep looking for ways to improve both, hardware and software, to make our personal assistant even better. i hope we will be able to convince you, too, one day :) thank you for sharing your highly critical feedback.
you know i really want to love this device, but i just can't. the fact that it's rechargeable is a big turn off.  people are essentially buying into a subscription service, just like the tile. next, as i have mentioned below, if the device reminds me that i left something at home, but that thing is not in the place i thought i left it, then i need to find it.  if this o device cannot help me find my misplaced item, then what happens next ? there are a lot of other devices that have solved the battery life, size, risk of malfunction trade offs. this is not brand new technology. i wish you the best of luck, but this product is lacking functionality many other products, in this field, has in their initial release. go look at mynt on indiegogo to see what i mean.
hi johan! thanks for the suggestion. this is definitely on our list for interesting new hardware features. together with adding a button, additional sensors and a wireless charging circuit. almost everything is possible! :) we will be adding new capabilities like this in the future. the major trade-offs are almost always the same: additional cost for us (and thus customers), shorter battery life, increased size and higher risk for malfunction. with time and progress in the electronics industry, we are confident we will overcome all of these challenges. in the meantime, we will focus on maximizing the value that the o can bring to us by steadily improving the app. our goal is to make it a helpful companion, kind of a second brain... thanks once again for your great suggestion! stay tuned for updates about this.
this could also work in order to locate an o.
hi, first off i must say that this is a great product and that you have done a very nice job with alot of awsome features. however i think that there is one function that is missing, if i didn't miss to notice it. and that is the possibility to get notified by the o itself if you would drop or forget your phone for example. it could be by sound or vibration. have you looked into this and would it be possible?
noted both your comments ed and dave. thanks a lot!
along with others it seems - very disappointed to see the o is non rechargeable. i think this is as major flaw, and certainly worth a couple of those hard won 0.1mm's. throw-away technology really can't be the future?! usb would be better than batteries - but both better than throwing away expensive kit. hope you can find a solution!
yet again i may have been too hasty in my pledging, as i have just read in the comments about this being a one time device, not rechargeable or user replaceable ? i really don't get why companies (especially startups) go this route - it must hinder your funding as i can't believe anyone out there really wants a throw-away device (recyclable or not, if it costs to return, it will just get binned). my suggestions: 1. keep it simple, a coin-type battery is easy to get. if the battery only lasts me 6 months i don't care if i can easily and cheaply replace it (although a longer life would obviously be preferred!). you can still keep the slim design, i have remote controls that are still very thin, yet take a coin battery which slides into one end. 2. keep the device itself non-waterproof - helps keep one design, and helps keep the design slim for those that have zero interest in waterproofness (including me!). optionally produce a waterproof enclosure that the o fits into - and you have achieved both goals. as you say, making it waterproof and keeping it small/slim with a user replaceable battery would be very challenging, so keep it simple for now - a v2 could always be produced later! so thats another vote for a user-replaceable battery, if you are counting (usb is a 2nd preferred option for me).
@lenore thank you so much for your questions. we weren't planning on offering the light edition rubber keychain as an add on, but we will absolutely discuss and get back to you on that. since the o is sold in packs, an item is considered one pack, rather than one o. i believe there is no problem with purchasing more than 10 o's if you please. i would recommend you got the octopus edition and added on another 4 pack. thank you! also if you have a moment and are wiling to share this with us privately, please tell us what items you are planning on putting all your o's on : )
@allie thank you for your question! i'm pleased you would like to order more o's. all of our 4 packs come with a key chain accessory. the most cost efficient option for you now would be to change your pledge to the octopus edition rather than adding another 4 pack.
@jesse 1. i'm sorry you found the pricing confusing. we have a big market in both the uk and the us so we wanted to find a way to show both currencies.  2. currently we only offer the o in packs of 4, so the most cost efficient way to pledge would be to get the octopus edition. you will have two spare that you can activate any time you like, plus an extra keychain. the price for this is £77.  3. it is 4mm thick.
@rachel thank you for your comment. i'm afraid at the moment, we are only selling the o in packs of 4. the battery only starts running once you pull out the power on tab, so you could always just keep the second two for 18 months time when the first two batteries have run out. i hope this helps!
you can add-on extra the os, can you also add-on extra key chain accessories? prices are given for the premium (£12) and luxury (£31) accessories. how much would we need to add to our pledge if we want to add-on the light (rubber) accessory? since 10 is the maximum number of any item that can be pledged for on kickstarter, how much would we add to our pledge in order to add-on two the os? this would allow us to pledge for the maximum number.  (4 + 4 + 2 = 10) or (8 + 2 = 10)
@the o i think i understand. i'm a backer at the (usd) $58 level. if i wanted to just get 4 more of the o, could i add an extra $47 to my pledge, because i don't want the keychain, i just want the extra "o's". does that sound correct? i didn't see an option for *just* the devices. $47/$58
i live in australia and don't need more than 2 o's so is there any way to have an option to buy less than 4 o's
1st of all, the pricing is strange, price in gbp but your poster is in usd.... 2nd, if i want 6 o in total, will it be (69-19)*6/4 + 19 --> 94 usd, then how much gbp should i pledge? 3rd, may i know how thick the o will be?
we'll try to add windows phone support and plan to do a survey to understand how many people need this soon. we can't promise it will be ready for launch, but we would of course love to offer something that works for as many people as possible. will keep your posted peter!
if you want to add more 4-packs of the o to your pledge, you can simply increase your pledge amount without adding the shipping cost a second time. this might get a bit messy on our side, but should be the easiest for all of you. we will get back to you to clarify if an amount doesn't make sense for us. sounds good?
our app can already read the battery status and can notify you when it is time to change them. in the model we had in mind originally, we could use this information to always send you a new set shortly before the old ones run out - if you want that. i understand that everybody's main concern with this model is cost.
thanks a lot for all the comments! we keep listening carefully and take note of each of them. we have been going back and forth with our factory the last couple of days to evaluate the different design options. i am glad to see that you, our backers, seem to perfectly understand the tricky trade-off we face: we tried really hard to make the o as compact as possible, especially in terms of thickness because we had our wallets in mind. we shaved off 0.1mm after 0.1mm with several tweaks. any waterproof version that allows for you to replace the battery by yourself now adds to the size... it seems that because of physical restrictions, we can't have it all. we are more than happy to take this decision together with you and we are working day and night to show you some designs in the next 10 days. thanks for hanging on for a bit!
i would love if you would support windows phone/windows 10 mobile as well.   considering microsoft now offers tools to reuse ios (xcode) and android code on windows 10 mobile it should probably not add that much effort
i think the team should make a balance between the continuity of the o and the ability of water proof as they are equally impotant for many of us.....i believe
@the o & @jesse great idea! i was thinking just myself! i would love a separate option to be able to  get more the o. that way we can customize specifically to our needs. even if you just tell us in an update if you want more, add $___ for ever two the o you want, or something like that. i know i will definitely be ordering more if the option becomes available. thanks!
yes guys please, add a microusb to charge the o battery. i don't care about waterproof features but i'd like to use my the o forever, not just once. i'm paying 60€ for the o. i'm so sorry to say i'll delete my pledge if the o won't have a battery rechargeable.
how thick is the o? the thicker it is, the more inconvenient to put it into wallet, and if you will provide an option for backers in case they want more the o?
this is a fabulous idea!  i'm all for a replaceable or (preferably) a rechargeable battery. any way the app could notify us when to replace or recharge each o's battery?
@whiskeyinthej4r thanks a lot for your comment. our first idea was to actually make the o "disposable" in the sense that we would take care of battery replacements and recycling on our side. but based on concerns from backers like you, we decided to have a go at re-designing it and providing alternatives before the campaign is over. we are currently re-exploring various options with replaceable batteries and rechargeable options. please send us a message to let us know what would be your preference? and, also, what charging cycle would be acceptable for you? thanks,  christian
@ziggy: sure! if replacement of the device every 1.5 years turns out to be the preferred option for a big group of backers, we would definitely be happy to do whatever we can afford to make replacements for backers as attractive as possible! we look at our supporters here as co-creators after all.
@kathy: we have heard from a couple of people already that they want to use the o for their dogs. you will be able to set the virtual leash to be quite long (maybe 100ft) and immediately get notified if your dog gets further away than that. on our small instagram account (@owithme), you can see a picture of how we sewed the o onto a friend's dog's collar :)
one important question please: after it's completely discharged, how can the o be recharged? i don't see any microusb. if it is really disposable, i delete immediately my pledge! 60€ for a gadget born to be used once?
for me, the battery complaint is solely about money.  as a kickstarter funder, well, part of the reason that i'm pledging here instead of waiting for wide release and user reviews is that it's such a great price, compared to projected retail price.  would you consider a slightly reduced replacement cost for, say, the first replacement order, for those who contribute to this campaign?  a little discount to sweeten the deal for those of us eager to get in at the beginning, but miserly?  maybe a coupon in our packages, one for each o, redeemable when we send them back?  just a thought to appease the masses.
great idea! would it work for a lost pet? could it attach to the pets collar?
@ creator @richard i do think it is also a great idea. how about adding a function in the app that can give you information about direction and proximity. i know that bluetooth technology allows that. it would add the not remembering where i left feature and also provide theft information for short distances. what do you think?
thanks for the response.  i think the issue people are going to have with this product is that, when it alerts a user that they forgot something, like say their keys, and they go and see that they keys are not in the place they believe they left it in, then there is no additional way to help people find it. but i can see a use for your current scenario.   again, thanks for the response.
@tiago: thanks! :)
@richard: there is no button on the o and no sound. the o only alerts you through the mobile app the moment something is not with you when it should.
@creator you have a really great product, with functionality in mind as no other that i have seen :)
if i misplaced my phone, in my house, will the o help me find it ? if i can't find my keys, connected to an o, in my house, is there manual button to enable the sound on it ? how loud is the sound on this device ?
dear allison and wyando, thanks a lot for your kind messages. please hang on for a little bit and we will come up with some solutions. have a great sunday everyone!
@creator: thanks for listening to us backers and i'm looking forward to the o with a replaceable battery. the idea of the o is brilliant in its option, in its use. with a replaceable battery it will be perfect.
@the o thank you for your quick response! sorry we all have been a bit down on the product. i personally really appreciate you taking the time to listen to our concerns and being proactive about tailoring the product to meet our needs. i backed this campaign because i have been in the market for quite some time now for a 'tracking' device. the o is designed to be very sleek and pretty to the eye, small & easy to tuck away into a wallet/purse to fit our needs to track things like purse, phone, dog, wallet, pill bottles, etc. i'm truly excited for this device to come out so i can feel at ease when i'm out of the house, knowing that if i do go to leave, i'll be notified if i'm leaving something behind. i also like how so far the o seems very user friendly and easy to use. i don't need or want something that has 30 different uses, just what the o does is perfect for me!  i apologize that i didn't write thesedown before, i just didn't want my comment to be too long...i tend to ramble a bit :)
thank you very much for all the feedback regarding the battery replacement! it looks like this is a strong desire of many backers. and as mentioned before, we really mean it if we say that we want you to be part of the development process. we think we have enough evidence to review the development of a replaceable version. this campaign keeps us quite busy, but we will provide you with an update as soon as possible and make sure everybody can make a well-informed decision about their pledge before the campaign is over. we will try to come up with a good replaceable battery design based on our earlier drafts and have you all decide what you prefer. once ready, we can introduce a new reward that you can all switch to. and we can decide together if there is enough demand for both versions. hope this sounds good for everybody? once again thanks a lot! this is a great example of the power of kickstarter far beyond the funding itself. please keep the good ideas coming, tell us your concerns... and maybe also what you do like about the o :)
@creator thanks for the explanation. i don't know much about product design but i am sure a solution for self replacement could be found. it seems the desire of many backers. and this time serves also to change aspects that go also to encounter to backers desires. thanks
replaceable or rechargeable batteries please !! you state that you want c.q plan to create great services for your customers in europe, simple walk-in replacements even. but how do you think that you are going to achieve this? europe counts 51 countries, each one with its own national network of electronic shops. to me, this seems to be a logistically impossible operation, given the fact that up till now, this project has been backed by less than 400 persons. even with 100.000 potential buyers in europe alone, it would not be feasible to create simple walk-in replacements, unless you want us to walk 200 kilometers. please concentrate on replaceable batteries, as said before, batteries can be bought on every street-corner for € 2 or less. i have several spares in my house. i am not even prepared to hop in my car to drive to the nearest electronic shop to have it/them replaced. i want to do that myself, within 30 seconds, no hassle. now that is a simple solution. 99,9 % of the products that come with batteries offer a simple "self-replacement". please let the o not be an exception, otherwise i'll have to withdraw my pledge as well. i trust that you understand..
@the o i didn't realize when i first backed this that hour main goals for this project where to create the o and also a battery recycling company as well. at least for me, it seems you are spending way too much time on on this aspect of the product. seems to me its loud and clear that backers would prefer a rechargeable battery, or want the ability to replace the batteries themselves. (i fall into that category, too). part of the issue i have, is, you keep saying that you guys want 'control' over how the product and batteries are handled once they are depleted. have you considered that to me, that sounds like you are saying you don't trust me to follow the laws of my state? it's the law here to recycle old batteries and there are numerous (too many to count) places that take our computers/tv's/batteries/etc. for free, and even pay for them sometimes. so there's lots of incentive to get it done the right way. as far as people wanting to be able to take them outdoors...well, sure! does that mean that they need to be completly able to be immersed in water? i'm not so sure. many electronics coming out today are slash proof and i would be happy with a product like that. i've seen & followed several campaigns like this now, where in the end, people were ultimately very unhappy because once the product's battery life was up, they were told to either send it back in (and pay for the sipping) or just tough luck, that's the way the product is. from what i've seen & heard, the majority of people get upset when told to send back their product (at their own expense), and end up just tossing it away after using it for the battery life and chalking it up to a bad kickstarter experience. this is why i am concerned about you all not offering replaceable batteries or rechargeable batteries. and to be honest, i may have to rethink my pledge here.
@creator- thank you for the very detailed response. i guess living in california made me forget that it still rains and products need to be waterproof.  as far as the battery situation goes, the cost and hassle of having to send each one of my 8 o's back for replacement every 18 months is not feasible.  everything else about the o sounds great and i look forward to the o 2.0 with wireless charging capabilities!
@tiago and @wyando: first of all, please don't worry about being in europe. i promise, we will make sure the replacement will be as easy and cheap across the eu and switzerland as it will be in the us. we are europeans in new york, so we also want to provide a great service for our family and friends back home. the same will be true for all other places where we see a high concentration of customers. we can easily achieve this with distributed warehouses. in some locations, we may allow for walk-in replacements (for example at your dry cleaner or other businesses we would partner with) if this is something people are interested in. but there are many options to be analyzed for their cost effectiveness and their environmental impact. so far, we have focussed on the product itself as the replacement will only become relevant for the first time in the second half of 2017. i hope you have some understanding for that. if you have any good ideas, about what you think might be a great solution for the battery replacement, we are very happy to start collecting them. please shoot us a private message! we will consolidate your inputs, present the best ideas to all the backers and ask you for your feedback later on in the campaign to find out which one you like most. personally, i am very confident that there are simple, cheap and convenient solutions to tackle this challenge in an environmentally friendly way!
@creator the battery is a no go for me as an european. i don't like the idea of having to ship to replace a simple part. is it really difficult (technically speaking ) to make the battery replaceable ? otherwise very good and clever project
@creator: i do understand your concerns regarding recycling of the batteries. but as a company, located in usa, new york (and still i have to back in £), the overhead for the replacing battery program probably has a bigger co2 footprint. i even would even argue that most people here on the project do recycle their batteries local and compliance with the law. as in the faq stated, the battery used is a cr 2025 which one can buy for about 3€ (at least here in germany).  from the construction design of the o, it is a body with a little plate sealed to it. if this were a clickable solution, one could change the battery easily. the question raising is, if the o dies of battery, with your company just replace the o with a new one, or would you just replace the battery? the latter would mean, that you already have a possibility to re-open the o to put a new battery in it. and if so, why not let your customers choose what they prefer?
@john: very valid point, thanks. it's hard to estimate the cost for the replacement at the moment. and it will probably vary by location. but i promise, that we will keep it as low as possible. we may be able to give you a better estimate later on in the campaign. how much would you personally consider reasonable as a monthly maintenance cost for 4 devices? and, second question: would you prefer to use the o completely through a hardware-as-a-service program, i.e. with no upfront nor replacement cost at all, but paying a couple of dollar every months? thanks for your thoughts!
@nick: thanks so much for the feedback! it's really helpful for us to get a better feeling about what people think is most important. we get so much differing advice, so we appreciate every single opinion! first of all, you might be quite right that people value practical value more than anything else. it's something we are trying to find out ourselves. our current believe is that the product needs to fulfil its *main purpose* in the best possible way. and everything else should follow. for the app we wanted to achieve high reliability and ease of use - but not necessarily a million features to start with. for the design, our main goal was versatility: to give people the possibility to use the o for all kind of things they care about. to make it fit for outdoors was a major request (durable and water resistant), minimizing size was everybody's wish and then there was a big group who also said they wanted something nice enough so it could be used in a suit-and-tie office setting or on nicely designed bags and briefcases.. not a fashion statement, but something they would feel like it fitted into the environment at least. so it couldn't just be "a piece of plastic" some argued. but more importantly, you pointed at one of the hardest decisions in the design process: energy. we looked at many different solutions to tackle the challenge. even the smartest designs for replaceable batteries took still a lot of space when the device needed to be fit for the rain, durable and reliable. all too frequent charging was a no-go - we didn't want to have people actually think about the battery problem. we then analyzed everything from solar power and kinetic charging to the latest advancements in emf harvesting. what we finally found was that wireless charging will probably become a very good solution soon. once the technology is more readily available in households and does not need to be purchased separately for our product. on the device side it is fairly achievable to use a miniaturized design. so finally, even though we had our own concerns about it, we decided to go for a battery replacement program for our customers that we will set up as convenient and simple as possible. it seemed the least of all evils for the time being. by adding 0.4mm height to the initial battery and developing some algorithms to control the energy consumption of the chips through the app, we managed to squeeze out 18 months for the vast majority of users. we also hope, a replacement program for the devices can support the recycling of the batteries. in many countries replaceable batteries are still thrown into normal waste - a big environmental problem! i can understand if you had still chosen a different option, but i thought it would still be helpful for you and our other backers to explain our thinking. and your ideas and concerns help us when we think about further improving the design for the future. please send us a message if you have any good ideas for future development! i hope you will enjoy using the o a lot and i am sure it will always be a helpful  little companion! :) kind regards, christian
i agree with nick. waterproof has many levels. maybe ip62 or ip63 is enough for most of usage. or, maybe could you provide recycle plan include any fees we need to pay for all? we have to know the "maintenance fee" afterward....
@creator- i rather the device have capabilities to recharge/replace the battery instead of it being waterproof. i believe more people are backing or are willing to back this product for its practical uses and not to make a fashion statement. just my 2 cents.
@nick and @john, thank you very much for your questions. we worked for a long time on the topic of how to solve the battery issue within context of the overall value of the product. we decided for the moment, the best overall outcome for the o was to make it as small as possible, as inexpensive as possible (both for us and the end customer) and to make it waterproof. we looked at wireless charging. that would in our opinion be the most elegant solution. however, it is extremely uncommon for people to have wireless chargers in their homes. with replaceable batteries, they increase the size of the device, and it is much more difficult to make it waterproof. with this option as well, we cannot control recycling. we wanted to make sure that people do not just throw away the batteries. with our solution, where we encourage people to send back their old devices in exchange for discounted replacements, we are in charge of recycling the batteries. i can understand if these arguments do not satisfy you completely but i wanted to explain our decision making process and why we have settled on this solution for the moment. thank you again for sharing your thoughts and concerns with us.
i agree with john.
i think the non-replaceable battery is not a good idea. it would restrict the product selling range. somewhere far from your company(or warehouse) must spend more money for their replacement due to logistics. please re-consider it, i think not only me is waiting for your further decision to decide their pledge...
@bwort210 hello! thank you for writing to us. our goal for the o is to prevent you from losing or forgetting belongings. we know if something is with you or not and when that is a problem. our value is much more of a loss prevention/virtual personal assistant device than something to help you find lost items. i understand that a bleeper could have been an additional value proposition and it was something that we briefly considered. in the design process our priorities were really to keep the device as small and as thin as possible, to keep an 18 month battery life and to make the device waterproof. if we added a bleeper we would have had to trade off all of these things. so we decided against it. please let us know if you have any further questions!
@wilson - good name by the way : ) thank you very much! yes we have an android app.  the battery life of the device is 18 months and then after that we will help you recycle and replace it. we will let you know when your battery is running out and provide a simple way to recycle your device. we decided against making the battery replaceable as we wanted to make sure we had influence over how the used batteries were disposed of.  if you have any other questions please do let us know!  rose (wilson)
hi guys, ok this warns me when i lost something, but does it help to find my things? for example i search for my keys in my house. is there sound to activate? or something else to find it?
hi! i find this a brilliant concept and hope you guys get funded but just to clarify does this app that tracks work for android phones? i'm planning on getting it for someone that doesn't use the iphone so was wondering. and also for the battery replacement we would have to purchase separately when it's dying? thanks wilson
@dream no longer aaron :) just a little more patience now!
i'm always dreaming have this awesome thing.
@heather: we include 1 keychain attachment with each 4-pack and 2 of them for the 8-pack. additional ones have to be ordered separately. to save shipping cost, you can pledge the right amount in the £1 reward and we'll take care of it.
@heather currently there are 3 different ways how you can get notified: - just by getting too far away from something in general - when you leave a safe zone without something you have tagged as essential - through geo-fencing, i.e. by when leaving an area around you defined by gps, if you mark it as "safe for now"; this has turned out to be super useful for coat checks or umbrellas that you leave at the restaurant entrance - if we find time, we'll add a demo for this we will probably include a possibility to define permanent safe zones also by gps in addition to wifi - or even in combination. but we still have to do some more testing to make this a great user experience. wifi is not perfect, but has so far turned out a pretty good help in many situations.
@john: the question about safe zones is an interesting one. we haven't thought about this case before, but we'll test the current behaviour and take it into our development tasks!
@wyando: thanks a lot for your comment. they are valid points. we take your concerns very seriously and will address these challenges in the best possible way to keep you happy. and the environment.
@john: we still have to figure out details about battery replacement on our side. but we promise that we will try to make it as cheap as possible and as easy as possible to recycle. our app tracks the battery level, so we can help you to make sure you always get your replacement ahead of time.
@petar: yes! the notifications already appear on the applewatch. in fact, our app was made with a "watch-first" philosophy:  - an app that you never need to open - that only appears when there is something important  - and 99% of the interactions is just clicking one button. we still have to optimize the display for the watch and the interactive notifications. applewatch, pebble and androidwear will be our focus to start with. it looks good relatively straight-forward so far and we will keep backers posted about the progress.
@raymond: yes, that should work as long as the bike is close enough to you that the phone can still connect to it through bluetooth. the phone will ring the moment the bike gets too far away. in our current app version you can actually manually set the distance when you want to get an alarm for each item.
i have 2 questions: 1. is it possible to set the distance away from the item for notification instead of waiting until i am out of wifi area ? already going down in the elevator is a waste of time, should be notified outside the door or 30 feet away. 2. is there a keychain for each o or only just 1 in each reward ? not a very good idea that we cannot change the battery. i will probably cancel if this is not changed.
i'd rather like it water-resistant then water-proof and so have the possibility to change the battery myself when needed. after all, i wouldn't lose something in a pool and as for an umbrella, you can probably stick the o on the sheltered inside. seems a bit odd to me, to have extra shipping costs for replacing a battery, which i can get local. or worse, that those devices will be just replaced by another just because the battery died. and having ordered 8 of them, they won't die all on the same date...
what if a "safe zone" has 3 stories and maybe 3 ssids? would the app recognize it?
so the battery can not change by end user? then what's the charge fee for replace...
will you make the app compatible with smartwatches? my phone is normally in silent mode, so i want to receive notifications on my pebble time. if this is possible, i will definitely keep my pledge. i like your concept!
will it also be able to do the following: put an o in my bike, i go to a bar, and get notified when my bike gets stolen ?  so not the phone leaving the o wth a certain distance, but when the o changes location or when it is moved somewhere else....
