doug- thanks for the post. we all knew this was coming but nothing will change for me. i have just received my new backup pono and i am playing it in. they will become a collector's item! it is unclear but i presume they will stop production. hence the backup purchase. long term if the battery fails there are clips on you tube as to how to replace it. i can't see a streaming source from ipad or phone  sounding better than pono. as i suspected - it was apple  who closed down omniphone - so if anyone is grumpy it should be with them - inventor of the mp3 & the great leap backwards. p.s. thanks  neil. i have played more music in the last 3 years than ever before.
r. i. p.  pono 03~11~14  -  04~20~14 n.y. statement: no more than pretty black "words" on a white background. no pono store. no pono promise. no "version 2". no shit! "i've been living the dream we had, for me it's not over". o.f.w.
post by neil young from ponomusic site. neil young (ponomusic) neil young (ponomusic) it’s time to talk about pono and the initiative we all started. as you know, together we’ve been fighting a battle to bring high quality music back to the world that’s become used to mediocre, hollowed-out files. the cause seemed to be a win-win for everyone. the artists would allow their fans to hear what they hear in the studios, and the music lovers would hear the music the best it could be. this cause has been something i’ve written and talked about for over 20 years.  i cared and i assumed that most of the world would care.  it’s been almost five years since we kicked off the campaign at sxsw to offer a player and download content that could fulfill my dream of bringing to you a music experience unlike any other for the cost. thanks to our supporters on kickstarter, the follow-on customers and some very good friends that supported the effort, we delivered on that promise. our player won best digital portable product of the year from stereophile magazine, and we offered some of the best high resolution content to be found anywhere.  we sold tens of thousands of players, every unit that we made. thanks for that!  but, despite that success, i was not satisfied. i had to put up with lots of criticism for the high cost of music delivered in the way all music should be provided, at full resolution and not hollowed out. i had no control over the pricing, but i was the one that felt the criticism, because i was the face of it. and i pretty much agreed with the criticism. music should not be priced this way.  last year when omnifone, our download store partner, was bought and shut down with no notice by apple, we began work with another company to build the same download store. but the more we worked on it, the more we realized how difficult it would be to recreate what we had and how costly it was to run it: to deliver the pono promise, meaning you’d never have to buy the same album again if was released at a higher quality; the ability to access just high res music, and not the same performances at lower quality, and the ability to do special sales. each of these features was expensive to implement.  i also realized that just bringing back the store was not enough. while there was a dedicated audience, i could not in good conscience continue to justify the higher costs. when it comes to high res, the record industry is still broken.  the industry was such that even when i wanted to remaster some of the great performances from my artist friends at high res, pono had to pay thousands of dollars for each recording, with little expectation of getting the money back. record companies believe they should charge a premium for high res recordings and conversely, i believe all music should cost the same, regardless of the technology used.  as you might imagine, i found it difficult to raise more money for this model: delivering quality music at a premium price to a limited audience that felt they were being taken advantage of with the high costs.  so now, sadly with pono gone, for more than eight months i’ve been working with our small team to look for alternatives. finding a way to deliver the quality music without the expense and to bring it to a larger audience has been our goal.  that effort has led to a technology developed by orastream, a small company in singapore that we’ve been working with. together we created xstream, the next generation of streaming, an adaptive streaming service that changes with available bandwidth. it is absolutely amazing because it is capable of complete high resolution playback. unlike all other streaming services that are limited to playing at a single low or moderate resolution, xstream plays at the highest quality your network condition allows at that moment and adapts as the network conditions change. it’s a single high resolution bit-perfect file that essentially compresses as needed to never stop playing. as a result, it always sounds better than the other streaming services and it never stops or buffers like other higher res services.  when you play it at home with wifi it can play all established low and high resolutions, including the highest, and thousands more levels of resolution in between. when you are in your car with poor cellular it might play better than an existing low res service, but at a location where robust wifi is available xstream supports high resolution listening. xstream is one file, streaming for all with 15,000 seamlessly changing levels of playback quality.  so, this is what we’ve been working on. but one of my conditions is that it should not have a premium price. i’ve insisted that there be no premium price for this service. pono tried that with downloads and it’s not a good model for customers. and i’ve told the labels it’s not a good model for them to charge a premium for music the way it was meant to be heard. i firmly believe that music is in trouble because you can’t hear it the way it is created unless you pay a premium. no one gets to hear the real deal, so the magic of music is compromised by limited technology.  good sounding music is not a premium. all songs should cost the same, regardless of digital resolution. let the people decide what they want to listen to without charging them more for true quality. that way quality is not an elitist thing. if high resolution costs more, listeners will just choose the cheaper option and never hear the quality. record companies will ultimately lose more money by not exposing the true beauty of their music to the masses. remember, all music is created to sound great and the record labels are the one’s deciding to not offer that at the normal price. the magic of music should be presented by the stewards of that music at a normal price. let listeners decide on the quality they want to purchase without pricing constraints.  i’ve been meeting with and speaking with the labels, potential partners such as the carriers, and other potential investors. for many it’s a difficult sell. there are already streaming services, some doing well and others not. while there’s nothing as good as xstream, or as flexible and adaptive, it’s still proven a difficult sell for companies to invest in.  so, in my experience, today’s broken music industry continues to make major mistakes, but we are still trying. bringing back the magic of great sound matters to the music of the world.  thank you all very much for supporting pono and quality audio. thanks to everyone who is or was associated with pono, especially the customers who supported us. thanks to charlie hansen and ayre acoustics for the great ponoplayer. it has been a labor of love. i want you to know that i’m still trying to make the case for bringing you the best music possible, at a reasonable price, the same message we brought to you five years ago. i don’t know whether we will succeed, but it’s still as important to us as it ever was.  thankfully, for those of my audience who care and want to hear all the music, every recording i have ever released will soon be available in xstream high resolution quality at my complete online archive. check it out. we will be announcing it very soon.  neil young
i like your optimism doug but the pono is quite clearly dead. it was a flawed player from the beginning in hindsight.
the battery is a flaw seen in all daps. for what these daps cost, it should be interchangeable. haven't studied every machine out there, but not appear to have interchangeable battery. considering the price of some of these units, that is crazy! some units like apple, won't work without at least a partially charged battery. even if they are plugged into external battery or ac wall power. not sure if the ponoplayer will or not. mine both work fine. unfortunately i don't know of a fix for the memory problem. except sending it in for repair.
re: battery failure. i would not worry about that too much. you could always use an external mini usb power pack. i'd be more concerned about the internal memory failing. then yer screwed. happened to me about a year in on an le model. pono service was johnny-on-the-spot, w/ top notch service, quick responses to tickets and a working tel #. no longer the case and it will get worse as replacement stock gets depleted. haven't seen a player advertised on fry's fer awhile now. just checked amazon. 1 black player in stock, yellow players are a wish list or third party sellers. not a good sign, unless you are an eternal optimist and believe they are working on a pono version 2. and it will be delivered by the tooth fairy.
@robert ryan, if you have been able to load music using ponomusic world, you will be able to do so with jriver media. they are basically the same program. pmw is just a lighter version with video processing removed. pono is not dead. it is all over the orastream site. there are players that have better gui than the pono. that was true when the ponoplayer debuted. what the ponoplayer has is the best sound. people have to decide if playing with and controlling gadgetry is more important than sound quality. those that pick gadgetry/convenience, are the lazy people that let mp3 become so powerful, years ago.
he is thinking about the next thing because pono is dead.  but he will not call time of death.  other players have become cheaper (astell & kern, fiio) with better software/gui and pono is old kit now. you can always add music through explorer or finder be happy with what you have and use it until the battery dies.  then you will have to buy another brand. just make sure you back up your music
it's not right that neil young is thinking about the next thing when there are 10's of thousands of pono players out there who don't really have a user friendly system to work with. i don't have the technical expertise or the time to experiment with either iriver or the new pono thing. i've decided to just stick with the songs i have on my player until (if?) something reasonable becomes available. i'm not willing to risk ruining what i have. i have about 1200 songs on my pono and almost 300 in hi-res, so this is forcing me to be content with a not insignificant amount of music. i bought a lot of my favorite albums in high-res. not too long before pono world blinked out of existence i found a site call technics tracks that sells a lot of high-res van morrison not on the old pono store or hd tracks. so i pray that my player continues to work without issue and i just charge it in a wall outlet. i wish things were different but i love my player - the way it sounds with balanced headphones.
rmw i checked out the ponosucks website. harsh title but had some valid points - the most significant  revelation being that the balanced mode cannot be replaced by any other player. the top of the lime sony hi-red player does balanced mode i finally saw a pono in the wild (except for my two). a second hand portable store in tokyo. around usd 250 each, but they had been there a long time according to the guy there a second hand portable store in
i'm lucky to get mp3 music with my internet speed. ha ha � siltech
just noticed april 2014 is when i joined this, my first kickstarter. wow. 3 years.
@herb, i don't stream either. orastream is useless with my slow internet. so it reduces file size when speed drops. that means i am no longer listening to hi res. since my internet isn't magically going to quadruple in speed, what is the point? i can either spend an hour listening to amused to death in variable quality or in hi res. i don't have time for less than cd quality sound. doubt my internet is fast enough to stream cd quality. the previous post is good news because pono said the download store would re open after streaming started. we are moving closer to a re opened store.
hey doug. i don't see this as a good thing. streaming, to me, ain't hi res. just like cd quality (16/44.1, ain't hi res). reminds me of hd fm. never sounded any better to me, was cool to see artist info and titles scroll by on an fm receiver. seems "gimmicky" and getting further away from what i signed up for. also prob means the end of the pono music store and "the promise". if neil threw a trial period in with the cloud for backers i might give it a whirl. excommunicated pono forum members included, of course :)
we are getting closer!  neil's streaming service will be called xstream. https://www.newswire.com/news/next-generation-personal-music-server-brio-by-orastream-19115558
@rocky mountain way @siltech,  et al; i did not purchase the stand alone jriver product once pono's version went away. and there was no way i was going to alpha test the pono vault........i found a very simple workaround to ripping cd's to better than .flac - don't laugh, i'm serious. itunes. you can change the ripping settings to "custom", select .wav and 48khz. yes it does take up slightly more space than a .flac file but it is a free workaround, if you are not happy or don't otherwise want to purchase the full blown jriver. after all, mp3's are once again good enough for neil, so why not avail yourself of itunes. some of neil's crappier albums might only be worth listening in mp3 @ better than hi res prices. everything sounds better on the pono player, especially in balanced mode!
i checked out the ponosucks website. harsh title but had some valid points - the most significant  revelation being that the balanced mode cannot be replaced by any other player. as my 2 systems are both centered around the pono, the only thing to do was buy another one, just in case they go out of production! siltech - i tried wav from a cd and compared with flac - i used dbpoweramp ripper. to be fair they both sounded great. it acutally shows how cd's are still valid - you can change the type of file ripped, plus there is always a second hand gem to found really cheap. cheers
*bee(n)  btw the little birdie was a "tweet" from a friend. a good friend. for all you professional proof readers out there who also happen to be active atheist, but also are in the habit of blessing people. you know who you are. you live in a house with no mirrors (or any reflective surface) as evidenced by your selfie-avatar. "they don't think it be like it is, but it do".
for anyone who still cares, a little birdie has told me that www.ponosucks.com will cease to exist on or about april 30, 2017. the mission was to keep pono honest, since the forum continues to be controlled by o'fugly and her minions, and moderated by spineless morons. pono, for all intents and purposes, is done. no longer a point to beating a dead horse. pono coulda bee so much better. sad.
neil young was suppose to induct pearl jam into the rock & roll hall of fame, last night. apparently his health wasn't up to it. he was replaced by retired tv host david letterman. siltech
cool
unfortunately artists and record labels severely dynamically compress recordings. hi res recordings have the potential to offer high fidelity from a pin drop to jet airplane taking off. but if a record label decides to make every instrument as loud as possible,  that is what you get. hi res guarantees the recording isn't limited by the technology. it doesn't guarantee the artist knows how to record. also doesn't guarantee the quality of an artist's playing. every format, including mp3, is a victim of poor recording ability, poor artistic performance, and major dynamic compression. hi res means you are hearing what the artist did. good or bad. @siltech, i have started re ripping my favorite cds directly to wav.
try wav, more data, but better. i have the new bryson bcd-3 red book player. it uses dual akm 4490 dacs, and most cds sound amazing. i agree, a lot of hi rez downloads don't sound great. obviously, it depends on quality of source, and your equipment. take care rock.   siltech
i get it and yet i don't. my path has been lp to cd to pono & flac. i missed out on cassette & mp3. my 20 year old cd's i can convert to flac. now as i understand it we have different grades of flac. this is too much for your average listener who is happy with spotify. how i listen to music - hegel amp top end - on/off button no added anything is my view but i do appreciate that it may not suit others and my ideas may not actually be 'right' whatever that is.. my newly purchased hi res ny albums are noticeably  better than flac from cd but a hi res album from the band has been very disappointing. loud like an mp3. i checked and found it was remastered ( for poor listening devices maybe)  and the flac from cd actually sounds better so even hi res ( to me anyway) is not the total answer. my test is ( when my wife is out!) turn the volume right up.. if my ears hurt it is not a great recording. we tried the same music from a phone & pono - wow what a difference. to me the better recording sounds quieter for the same volume setting- compression seems to crank up the volume. that's me anyway...
@siltech, i am a little confused about what you are asking? are you saying playing music via jriver, with computer, sounds flatter than the discontinued ponomusic world? or that using jriver to rip cds then playing those on the pono sound worse than using pmw for ripping? i usually use dbpoweramp for ripping cds. it compares your rip codes to others to verify a bit perfect file. haven't compared that rip to a jriver or pono rip. the buggy as heck pono vault sounds better than jriver or ponomusic world when used with a computer to play files. i only downloaded the first firmware version - and it wouldn't rip cds correctly. that may be fixed now with new version. your ears are fine!
sorry, shows, not shoes
doug is there a way we can get exact original pono version. the new river version sounds like mp3 to me. flat, dull, emotionless. on my computer shoes flac or uncompressed wav, as selected. it also shows same on pono. as a audiophile, my hearing is pretty good. i'm i the only one with this issue ? siltech
cd rip to flac or wav sounds flat compared to original pono software. i now have the paid version of river. i even redid some cd to uncompressed wav, on same micro sd card. i'm 100% sure, sonics on paid river software, no where near the same. if this is the case, i'll try and sell pono for something. i'm pissed off.    siltechijusmmm
@rocky mountain way, glad the neil young hi res worked out for you. it is amazing how easily the record label was able to part the sea of red tape so anyone, anywhere could download music. if only music was always these prices and so easily accessible. the labels might be surprised how much more money they would make. your neil young vinyl should sound great on the mag-lev.
rocky, cool. my mag lev comes in october
@doug thank you very much for the heads up. i am a huge fan of ny and had to take this opportunity as i agree it won't last. even though i already have them in vinyl and cd i now have 7 x ny albums in hi res.  there's nothing obsessive about me! i am in the enviable position of now having a sound system that cannot be improved. the hi res is a delight to listen to. especially really loud. interesting the warner site is available to all countries and i was able to pick nz from a drop down menu. the files had to be unzipped after download but no problem there. i also have a mint copy of everyone's rockin on vinyl - now that is rare! i can't remember why it  was mostly unplayed but will find out when my maglev turntable arrives in october. thanks again doug. most appreciated & best regards.
@siltech, i find that flac converted to wav still sounds better than straight flac on my system. i will rip a wav directly from cd and compare to the flac rip converted to wav. @rocky mountain way, congrats on joining the hi res train. don't know if you are a neil young music fan? if so check out his warner record website. many of his hi res albums are on sale (24-192) for $9.99! bought psychedelic pill for $12.99. amazing prices for hi res. may be a test. also no region restrictions. people have been buying from europe. check it out.
sad
rmw. the reason the selection on hdtracks does not appear as great as that on pmw is hdt sells only hi-res music, whereas pmw sold cd quality stuff as well. and yes, the fact it doesn't discriminate on the location of your credit card is also a big plus agree on your point on provenance though but get used to it.  the pono store isn't coming back.   the appearance of the ceos music on itunes has virtually guaranteed that
i am a hi res alien no more!  i have just downloaded hola vpn which is a google chrome extension and allows me to appear that i have a usa address. so i joined hdtracks, gave my usa address as my son's  and bought a few albums. i must say they sure sound good. the problems are : hdtracks has a poor selection compared with pmw; the albums are expensive as i have bought stuff i really like that i already have from cd's; there is no provenance so we have to just accept what they offer. for instance 'blonde on blonde' has had many remasters so which one are they offering? interestingly once i have the hola running hdtracks assumes i am resident in the us, but pmw's criteria was the country of the credit card, so even with hola i couldn't purchase from pmw. the cool thing about hola is once i have finished i can just turn it off.
the best way is always the last choice... long live pono
@doug if you transfer wav  from a cd flac file.  -- the flac file took less time to rip, bitrate from 1411 to around 800 to 900.  --a flac file transfer to wav is not better than the flac source. the transfer from flac to wav is just a convenience for ones equipment or desires.  --i read about this, and the true, proper, and best wav file is from direct source, not flac  ripped copy. -- my friend, you may have to forget wav transfer and do direct wav rip from source. --now, direct wav rip, and then flac transfer is okay, since wav is exact uncompressed copy of source. note: sizes of flac files can vary greatly depending on music dynamics, conversion tool used, what format the file was converted from and level of compression used.  the information here is general and currently being revised for more accuracy. siltech
@rocky mountain way, except for pmw automatically downloading ponomusic in a special file, what did you find harder about jrmc?  i was surprised that flac 5 is default but pono uses 6! no biggie, just interesting. i love dbpoweramp. so easy to use. my fave cd ripper. next @rocky mountain way and @siltech you have to start ripping dvd-a and dualdisc. i use dvdaudio extractor for that. it is also easy. won't find cover art though. i rip, import into jrmc then have it find cover art. works great. free hi res music!
@siltech, intriguing question about cd to wav vs cd to flac to wav. i haven't actually tried this experiment all the say through. i have taken files that were originally ripped to flac and converted them to wav. they sounded better than the flac. i haven't compared this cd to flac to wav to a straight from cd wav. my guess is the "direct" wav  may be sightly better. years ago (before pono) i ripped most of my cds to flac. did this for a lot of reasons. 1. experts said this was easier to keep cover art. easy is good - not a computer wiz. 2. experts said there was no difference in sound. i converted a few flac to wav using dbpoweramp. wav was better. so the whole 300gb hard drive full of flac had to be converted. took hours! now ever cd gets ripped as wav and flac. dual inventory. wav for oppo 105, computer, and car. flac for portables and ponoplayer. with the better m&j mj2 hybrid dynamic / electrostatic headphones, the pono may be reverting to wav. sometimes it sucks to be an audiophile.
to siltech & doug thanks for the heads up re flac files. pono vault won't rip cd's for me. it just shuts down when i click rip. aaargh. i tried jriver and didn't like it. pmw was fine . i now use dbpoweramp cd ripper.  i'm trying the 21 day trial.  i set the path to a created desktop file called  'dbpoweramp' and there are lots of options for ripping. i chose default flac 5 as suggested by doug and it rips fine. you may have to choose the  art but it does link with the album. then i side load to the pono. i have another file called flac albums which holds all my music and i add the ripped album to that. then when i open pono vault they all appear. i also keep a memory stick with all the flac albums on it as it took a lifetime to rip 150 or so albums just in case a meltdown occurs. it is a bit of a process but it does work. i'm hoping pono vault will sort out the bugs but if not i can live with this. cheers.
i've ripped a few cds in wav mode, uncompressed. from pono via cardas parec xlr, to pass labs int-60. the sound it definitely better, faster, more pinpoint, and seems more natural and quicker. sounds pretty good.    i did as you say and transferred a flac music file to wav on jriver, and it worked. i appreciate your info, and feels bit dumb. anyway, the bitrate proves this. how does transferring  the lower flac bitrate to higher bitrate wav possible? do you think cd rip to wav, is exact same quality as flac to wav transfer? my gut says cd rip to wav is the best, since flac file was already compressed before wav transfer. what do you think? i've learned a lot from you mate.
@siltech you are correct. flac is loss lessy compressed. in other words nothing is thrown away. everything can be put back to be bit perfect. apparently tests prove this is so. files that are encoded with flac can be decoded and the bits all match. bit perfect! so why do they sound different than wav on many components? the theory is having to decode flac in real time, during playback, causes some kind of problem while listening. problem is my quad core w7 computer running into the oppo 105 dac sounds the worst playing flac. the oppo sounds better playing the flac files from an external hard drive or thumb drive. there is no way the oppo has more processing power than a quad core desktop computer! yet, both sound better playing wav. the ponoplayer is the first thing i have heard that makes it very, very close. there are numerous posts on the naim forum about flac vs wav. wav will handle cover art, but there are different ways to do it. unfortunately one way was never standardized. my pono and oppo will not display cover art if it is in a seperate jpeg folder. ponomusic world (now gone) and jriver media allow embedding the art work in the file. you have to go in and select this. if you do this the wav files show cover art on my ponoplayer,  oppo 105, and even the 2017 mazda 3 car. if you can't find the setting let me know. i will look it up and post. would love to know what you think of flac vs. wav, on your equipment. jriver will convert the flac files to wav for you. i have every album stored on my hard drive in both formats. enjoy the music
your probably right, wav uncompressed, and copies identical from source. therefore volume will have same level as source. thanks again doug. i guess i was trying to save time copying and hd memory. they say in theory, flac suppose to be the same. now only wavvvvvvv
i'll  try wav music files. these files are lossless, uncompressed and use more memory than flac music files? is this correct? i guess main diff between wav and flac are file compressed or not. can wav files be tagged like flac? thanks doug.    ailtech
@siltech, hello.  see you got jriver set to flac. now they will play on ponoplayer. think jriver had something to do with ape format. so they set it as default. jriver isn't set up specifically for the ponoplayer. pono took jrmc and tweaked it for their player. they could sound different because there are different levels of flac. think they go from 0 (least compression) to 8 or 9 ( most compression). all are supposed to be loss less, but i think they sound different. the original pono le players came with their albums at flac 0. ponomusic store downloaded at flac 6. set jriver accordingly. i find flac to sound worse on the oppo 105. thus i use jriver to convert to wav. the pono is a closer call. i still think it might sound a little better using wav. i do not use volume leveling. tend to play an album at a time. so i set the volume myself. volume leveli g is more for playlists and random shuffle. hope that helps
hi doug. just curious? do you use setting of volume levelling in pono settings? randy rivers 30 day trial has this setting too, but he calls it something else. if one uses this, would it be better to use setting from pono. i read somewhere that little noise is introduced when volume level is activated. i'm not sure cd rip in flac sounds as good with original randy river on pono music world. is it possible this 30 day randy river trial with same flac setting as original pono music world, doesn't sound as good?  it should sound same, but i'm not sure my ears agree. �    siltech
hi doug. i went in options and set cd rip default from ape file to flac file. why did randy river have ape as default, since pono doesn't like it. sorry, if this is mentioned on any forums, i don't follow them.  tested, and now in flac mode= perfect.  siltech
@doug adams please help. i downloaded the 30 day trial of randy river on computer. i can rip cd no problem. when i try to transfer to pono player, it says it won't support it. i noticed that the rip copy shows as a ape file, and not flac. with the old pono music world, all my cd rips showed as flac files. what can i do? if i can't correct this, my pono is useless too me. once again, new free 30 day software shows my rip cd as ape file. this ape file will not transfer on pono. i assume this is why it won't load in pono. how can i make the trial randy river rip cd in a flac file. please help, i appreciate it. thanks,  siltech
the mitchell & johnson headphones i have been using with the ponoplayer just got a super review from headfonics. love these headphones. http://headfonics.com/2017/02/the-mj2-by-mitchell-johnson/
interesting that the tech rumored to be used in the new pono streaming platform, is used by  classics on line. this month they announced their tech partner had abandoned the platform.  hmm. the start of pono streaming?
cool!
i saw bruce last week in sydney.  still amazing!!  enjoy
whatever happens it has been a great journey. some of us were not allowed into the kingdom of heaven anyway. i only have two hi-res albums which came with the pono - it seems to me the sound is softer. as neil said at the start, the quality of the original recording is the most significant and it would be hard to improve on the sound i get with 44/16 recordings on the pono with balanced mode - or if i feel the need to spend an extra $30 to achieve it. i mainly listen to 60's & 70's rock - modern recordings like blue & lonesone are certainly much louder - recorded to maximise the sound for low quality listening devices. we bought in for the player and the store concept only came later. a business model where most of the market don't care about quality and don't want to pay anything is a hard ask. the sound from the pono is something to enjoy - better only by the live concert. i'm off to see bruce springsteen in a week - it's a perfect summer!
i still maintain the death knell will be in march.  the new software was a stopgap as the jriver licence had run out  its all over bar the time of death sad really, i had the pono out playing this week and the soundly is a thing of beauty. the shape, ui and screen quality not so much
no idea when we will have a new download store, siltech. pono wants to start the streaming store first. hope it is soon.
when can we buy downloads for pono?
siltech, i'm jealous. minutes would be so nice. price i pay for living in the woods.
cool i can download a hi rez album in minutes.
siltech, i don't know what my internet speed is. it is fast compared to dial up, but still fast. just don't think dsl is very quick. to download a 24/96 album it is normally about 3 hours. the plus of ponomusic was a drop didn't mean starting the whole album over. i had that trouble with bandcamp. took 5 or 6 times to get a complete album.
correction - my upload speed isn't 10, but 20 mbps with 250 mbps download. siltech
cool. what's your broadband speed? my download speed is 250 mbps with upload speed of 10 mbps. we can go up to 1 gbps with upload speed of 50 mbps. your setup has to be compatible on a ac router, too access these speeds.     can't wait for my mag lev turntable in black with gold feet.
ha ha siltech, you have lots of siltech wire in your system. i missed all of it on your previous post. thanks for the clarification. a fine set up. haven't done any streaming. my oppo has a firmware update to make mqa possible. living in the boonies limits my broad band speed so much. i doubt it is possible to stream hi res. might try the free demo at a later date. you have awhile before the mag lev arrives. have patience.
touch and open below link. this is the same on previous post. http://www.digitalaudioreview.net/2017/01/mqa-tidal-where-are-we-now/
mqa now from tidal streaming on desktop and mqa certified dac. as of now, they have over 30.000 tracks, and growing. this format may soon hurt a lot of companies. hi rez streaming. check it out - http://www.digitalaudioreview.net/2017/01/mqa-tidal-where-are-we-now/
@doug    mag lev will be august or september 2017.    i mentioned my cables, along time ago on this form. i have a ps audio ac12 plug into 20 amp dedicated line. the dedicated line cable to fuse panel is 8 gauge cardas. output of p10 to pass labs int-60 connected via siltech royal signature ruby mountain ii power cable, output of p10 to bryston bcd-3 connected via siltech royal signature ruby hill ii power cable, bryston bcd-3 connected to pass labs int-60 via siltech royal signature princess interconnect xlr to xlr, p10 output to pono player connected via cardas parsec interconnect two mini to xlr cables fully balanced, and output of pass labs int-60 connected via siltech royal signature prince speaker cable-spade to spade to wilson audio yvette speakers.   siltech
siltech, guess you saw sprint bought 33% of tidal? that will be interesting to watch. keep us updated on your tidal experiences. the pass/bryston/wilson combo has to sound great. killer equipment. how long do you have to wait for the mag lev turntable? can't help noticing you didn't mention any siltech cabling? great new year to you!
@doug    i'm trying the tidal hd audio, 16/24 uncompressed. it's a free 30 day trial period. i'm streaming tidal from my iphone, via bluetooth to marshall acton powered amp. i'm blowed away. i can't believe this inexpensive setup sounds this good. i tried hard wire connecting tidal output of iphone ( using iphone internal dac ), via iphone mini jack to rca plugs to pass labs. it sounds okay, but my mini to rca cable isn't very good. if i decide to keep tidal steaming, i'll definitely have to upgrade my mini to rca plugs cable. maybe a cardas parsec cable, as on my pono. the cable for tidal won't be balanced like on pono, but rca connectors.     i'm still breaking in my new byston bcd-3 source player. so far it's sound is very impressive. happy new year, mate.      siltech
just to be clear on this the pono vault only plays music that you bought from the pono site. what is the point other than the clueless clown executive orifice neil's feeble attempt to get suckers to give him more money. glad i didn't install it and never installed pmw either. using winamp for my music player works great and plays anything you throw at it. rip great as well. good thing the world has lemmings what would neil do without them.
@robert ryan, not sure there are screen shots. magic_randy does tell how to do what you want. make sure you have the newest version of jrmc. https://www.ponomusic.com/0d515000021afxj if you have questions ask in this thread. good luck. don't letthis get you down.
would you mind posting the link to the jriver tutorial with the screen shots? i was unable to find it. thanks very much.
thank you, doug, but it is not enough for me. i've been playing with it for a while today. it started downloading all the music on my pc automatically. i stopped it and tried again but could not find just the pono material in my files. i am seriously not good at these things. at least i used to be able to call pono, when they picked up their phone, and have someone walk me through things. now i don't think i even have that since i'm trying to work with the jriver program. the least they could have done was leave my library so i could rip cds to the player and download stuff from hd tracks. very disappointed.
@robrrt ryan, here you go: https://yabb.jriver.com/interact/index.php/topic,108680.msg752634.html#msg752634 don't give up. you will be back to listening soon.  "same as it always was" - the talking heads. hang in there.
@robert ryan, just download the jriver media program. it is a parent version of pmw. it works the same way. there are even different looks to pick. one is so close to pmw that many can't tell them apart. your pmw has been automatically updating itself the whole time you have used it. all of this will transition automatically into jriver with a couple clicks. do you visit the main pono site forums? if so jriver has posted an easy to follow tutorial (with screen shots) to do this. also member magic_randy has been helping people. they can have you back to normal in minutes. don't panic.
thank you, doug. i appreciate the help. i will probably try to work with jriver. i think i am about done with pono. i like the sound of the player but at what cost in money and time? i'm not a computer guy and i'm not keen on working through all these things. it's not fun for me. it's ridiculous that pmv can't play other hi res music and can't accommodate ripping cds. i had something that worked fine for me (after a not insignificant amount of time spent)  and now i can't even access that. i'm tempted to call it a day and just use the player with the songs i have on it now.
@siltech, i downloaded pono music vault. it works to just play pono bought music on the computer. it isn't able to play other hi res music yet. pmv also won't do many of the other things pmw did. cd ripping isn't working correctly. this will be fixed. don't know if it will ever be able to do format conversions. it is designed to be easier and simpler than pmw/jriver media. @robert ryan, all your ponomusic store downloaded music will be in a pono folder. if you download jriver media there is a way to turn off auto import. this stops everything from being imported. then you can point at the pono folder and only that will be imported. i haven't done this with jriver so can't tell the exact steps. there is a thread that shows how on ponomusic.com forums. i did do this with the new ponomusic vault and it worked fine. good luck.
what's the easiest way for me to get all my pono music in one place the same way that it was on pono music world? do i have to individually select and move it into the new program? i've got thousands of songs on my pc. most are in lower than cd quality, so i don't want to put those in the new pono program. and i'm not sure that i can differentiate between the 2 easily. if i install the new software will it automatically pull in what i had before?
doug, what did you do?
if pono vault beta isn't your cup of tea, download the 30 day free jriver media (pmw was based on it). with the mylittlepony code it can be bought for $38. anyway, the saved pmw data will load into jriver. playlists, everything. happy new year to everyone.
cat has 9 lives
i am guessing the jriver licence expires  on 31/12 and it was cheaper for them to pull together their own i still think this is a dead cat bounce.
cool
pono vault? really pono? how innovative...
ponomusic vault is now open!  a message from their site: randy leasure (ponomusic) (originally posted by randy leasure (ponomusic)) aloha! pono is pleased to announce ponomusic vault, our own internally developed desktop software that's an upgrade over the jriver software that has been previously available.  ponomusic vault is absolutely free and will never expire. this software is what you need to manage your digital music library with rich features such as playlist creation, cd ripping, tag editing and more!   why did we develop pono vault? because many of our users (as well as us) found the previous software to be difficult to use, and a challenge to our goal of making access to and listening to music easy for everyone.  it served its purpose while we developed our own, and you can still purchase the product from jriver if you want nothing else.  our software, support, and quality teams spent weeks pouring over all of the feedback and support requests that came in, and, based on that information, set out to develop a product that would provide the necessary capabilities with a much improved user interface. after nearly a year of effort we are happy to announce its availability.  we are excited to be releasing a beta version of ponomusic vault today. follow the instructions below to download your free copy and get started with this improved experience. we have prepared a video tutorial and a list of answers to anticipated questions.   because this is a beta, we will be reviewing all of the tickets you submit, but may not get back to you on each one unless there are specific questions. you should assume that all feedback is being read and being addressed.  you can download ponomusic vault here:   www.ponomusic.com/pmv  check out the video tutorials here: https://www.ponomusic.com/contactus  we welcome your feedback and experience. please let us know by clicking here:  https://www.ponomusic.com/contactus and don’t forget to include your operating system and browser information.   thanks to all of you for your support. mahalo, the ponomusic team   system requirements:  mac: os x 10.9 and higher windows: windows vista and higher  *the current version of ponomusic world times out on 12/31/16.
https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/mag-lev-audio-the-first-levitating-turntable-vinyl#/
@rocky mountain way watch the video. neil says they want to offer streaming and hi res downloading. not move away from hi res downloading as this article insinuates.
from a rolling stone article : the future of pono young is hoping to pivot his high-res music company – which had been focused on its toblerone-shaped player and a download store – toward a hi-res streaming service. "we're pushing towards getting a presence in phones," says young (though iphones' internal chips are not currently compatible with higher-than-cd-quality sound). he's working with a singaporean company on a method to "maintain our quality level when we go to streaming."
sounds good doug.
the mag lev turntable does look awesome. interested to see what you guys think when they arrive. my funding went to the mitchell & johnson electrostatz headphone campaign on indiegogo. already had gl2se. added their top of the line m&j mj2. more detail with even more neutral tuning.
cool   t
the new pink floyd re-issues are outstanding, albeit from digital sources, so worth considering for those buying new turntables
not sure on cartridge, yet. wait and see how it sounds. mag lev may upgrade cartridge for us. i may order a 2nd one like yours. so very cool. your welcome for the link. a new rolling stones box set just came out on albums. this set was meticulously done, and reviews rate it ultra high. cheers
siltech - i went for the woodgrain. what cartridge upgrade would you suggest? my unplayed for 20 years albums include  a mint beatles boxed set - pre the awful cd remasters and bowie rare - with a song called amsterdam - a jacques brel  song translated from the french-check it out on youtube - it's haunting . cheers again for the link.
anyone can pre order a mag lev levitation turntable on following below link. open link and type mag lev in search box. https://www.indiegogo.com/
you can upgrade cartridge at any time.  cool
rocky, cool. i got the early bird in black. long live pono
congratulations @rocky mountain way. looks to be a very exciting product. let us know what you think after you get to audition it.
hey siltech  i just bought a mag-lev turntable ! it is pure theatre  and so cool and i'm sure the quality will be fine. i have quite a few vinyl records that i haven't played for years and  some of them have never been issued on cd . no one will sell me hi res anyway ! i missed the early bird price but hey - that's rock 'n' roll. thanks very much for the link. i  now have the pono &  the mag-lev grin! cheers
and now for something completely different..  last night i went to a last waltz tribute concert  in auckland nz featuring garth hudson and sister maud hudson with the original movie music director john simon. what an event. the band covers were fantastic and garth came out for a cameo with sister maud and played brilliantly. he is 79 and badly crippled with arthritis - his spine is quite curved and maud sang from a  wheelchair -both with dark glasses and cool hats. we were all in awe - so much respect for a frail living legend playing with so much passion. this is the essence of what music is all about.
how long before the whole project shuts down jerry?  i give it to march 2017 at best
i feel sorry for the people who invested 5k into this.
phil baker is full of crap he is just a stooge for neil the pono store will never reopen period
wilso yvettes pdf photos 2016-11-19.pdf
mmmmmm?
update from phil baker at pono. to all of our community members,  we understand the concerns that you are voicing, but not responding is not meant to be disrespectful.   it’s frustrating to us as well to read your messages and not be able to give you more information.  we are all here working hard to build on the work that we began together.   we continue to work at recovering from the closure of omnifone and looking at additional products. it’s been a lot harder than anticipated.   we are a small company with limited resources, and our vision of what we want to do has always exceeded what we could afford to do, beginning with the development of the pono player.   as those that have worked in startups know, uncertainty is a way of life. we continue to be optimistic about the future of pono and are planning for some exciting things. but startups need a continuing stream of capital, and that determines what we can do and how fast we can do it. we will communicate about future activities when we know there’s a good chance of succeeding.   lastly, no one should read anything into where neil’s music is appearing and in what formats as anything to do with pono. it is not. it’s simply addressing the need to meet the demands of the market.  phil so we can relax a little. play some music.
interesting @siltech. hard to tell how great it will sound from this clip. at least the turntable works.
from soundcloud app. this is a wav file recorded song from this turntable. https://soundcloud.com/user-446847370/turntable-waw-recording
@siltech, it does look cool. wonder how it sounds? it could be great or just average. you are also stuck with their tonearm. it is great looking. with battery back up it must be electro magnets. permanent magnets would float with out power. just like big speaker magnets.
you can order it in two tone, all black, or all white. so cool
i believe it's electro magnetic. platter is totally free in space. they thought about the power. if power goes out, there is a battery backup, and platter feet come up and shuts off safely. check out site. also, there's a bunch of youtube videos on this product. it just looks so cool. https://m.youtube.com/watch…
@siltech that is an interesting turntable. magnetic flotation could improve sound quality. it seems to levitate the platter much higher than needed for this. i didn't read all the q/a. is the platter kept up by permant or electro magnets? if electro, what happens if there is a power failure while playing a record? does your expensive cartridge get destroyed?
touch the link. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/245727224/mag-lev-audio-the-first-levitating-turntable
@doug. check out this amazing turntable on kickstarter. pass the word about it. i may get one. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/245727224/mag-lev-audio-the-first-levitating-turntable
just a mini home stereo video, with pono playing as source. the sound is sublime through wilson yvettes. take care doug.
siltech, looks like you posted a picture file? don't think that works on kickstarter forum. this link doesn't for me. what is it?
@tmh i find the elevation of a talk show host to president far less depressing than the fact that both major political parties are corrupt to the core. both tried to thwart the will of the american people. one succeeded, sorry bernie. one didn't. that is far more worrisome than any single person becoming president. i would love the president to outlaw all political parties. you are correct, it doesn't cost much to keep keep servers, and other things going. but, if you are going out of business why do it at all? pretty sure pono will reopen the stores. do wish they would communicate what they are doing in more depth.
img_3728.mov
doug, without getting all political i think the elevation of a reality tv star to the highest office in the world is very depressing, but i dont think pono will be back.  it does not cost much to keep forums and servers open, and i doubt they are shipping many new players, this thing is now 2 years older and fiio and a&k are releasing newer and cheaper versions. and neil putting his stuff out on itunes speaks volumes anyway, we shall see, i have two ponos, they sound fantastic (although the ui and screen still annoy the shit out of me, which is why i reckon a&k and fiio would be killing pono) but if they broke tomorrow i can't see myself rushing to amazon to replace the pono
i thinks it's doe, ray me.               money
i thought neil hated itunes resolution, and would never put his music on itunes. only min cd quality and up. what happened?
@tmh i don't see the world as depressing. the world just is. it is up to us to see the positive things. people tend to look for the negative. i believe pono will re open the stores. why keep the forum open, still allow downloading of pmw, work on social media and ship ponoplayers to dealers if it is all over? they could have liquidated the t shirts and ponoplayer stock in a month or less. also all the pono employees are still listed as being with the company on linkedin. are we saying pono is too dumb to know how to go out of business. don't think so. it took 2.5 years to build the gateway arch in st. louis, mo. usa. pono is building the gateway to hi res music. it is taking longer than expected due to the unfortunate omnifone bankruptcy. pono shall return.
your best customer is the one you have already got. that is why we have just received an e-mail from neil young about the new album available from december 9th - available on itunes, amazon, spotify, tidal, hd tracks & google play. no mention of pono. but to be fair - we bought in for the player( which is brilliant), not the music website - that came later and a lot of us couldn't use it anyway. with the current streaming model, owning music for better quality is going to be a niche market and it is hard to survive against the flow. unfortunately the silence from pono speaks loudly. i only hope the player can survive.
doug, your optimism is amazing in a very depressing world................
happy that neil young's albums are available at other hi res stores. i do not like exclusives. ultimately that keeps hi res music out of too many people's hands. neill young's vision is for everyone to have the chance to buy and listen to hi res. exclusives are just more of the regional obstructionism used by large record labels. we hate that. pono is not done. neil returned from weeks of touring. wouldn't be surprised if pono releases an update soon. not worried about pono at this time. once they reopen the music stores everything will return to normal. save your money for the grand reopening sale.
done and dusted
what do you think doug?
done.
the 800 #, which has been there since the beginning, is now disconnected.
i think pono is done.
hd tracks is now selling high res neil young music. this doesn't seem like a good sign for pono music to be back up again soon. or at all perhaps? what are your thoughts?
i got my parsac, mini to xlr balanced cables by cardas. sounds a+.
i got my cables from surfcable.com. cheers.
rocky mountain way i guess ill have to try the balanced cables and see if that helps thanks
hey jerry you are right about the younger generation but quality still shines through. i note you don't listen to pono via balanced mode. that has been the game changer for me. the  extra depth of sound is the most noticeable . wild horses- keith's acoustic bounces from speaker to speaker- mick taylor comes in electric from the right  & charlie's drums are coming from the back of the room. you can just hear it. that is why i love pono - plus here we are sharing to joy with our diverse opinions.
rocky and siltech i am a poor guy and my stereo is vintage pioneer equipment from 70's and 80's no digital and speakers inside house bsr,  pioneer and ar's and outside home made from pyle speakers converted landscape  rocks like you see in parks driven by about 1000 watts from the days when watts where watts. the outdoor speakers are out in my six acres of forest behind my house.  my prize amp was made by koss in the early days when they were starting their headphone business they only made a few for demo purposes and dont think they ever sold any cant say i have heard anything better. dont use my reel to reels much anymore as raw tape is to expensive and good stuff hard to find and mostly used them to record live music in clubs headphone are esp9's and others and earpieces tops are etymotics and i got suckered into getting those ears 1964 that kickstarter had earlier this year adel u12's quite over rated. and the pono player mostly sits in the drawer main portable music player is still the pjb100 one of the first mp3 players made by compaq computer company may not be the hi rez of the pono but the sound i like and that is what matters. not so much what the other guy likes. when you get old you dont hear much anyhow. to many days of playing in the band when younger.
rocky mountain way i hear what you are saying about your sons friend. but i am thinking your sons friends are young maybe twenty or thirty or younger? and have not listened to good music just the junk released these days the internet archive is not mine however i know a lot of low quality stuff is out on it. and i looked and could not find any bowie but personally the only thing he sang that i like was with bing crosby that x mass song he sang anyhow so when you look in the archive you will see the way it was recorded example grateful dead live at boston garden on 1994-10-02 here is the link https://archive.org/details/gd1994-10-02.136875.sbd.miller.flac recorded fromm grateful dead soundboards  source sbd -> dat -> cassette master -> dat (48k) lineage dat (tascam da-20) -> tascam da-3000 -> samplitude professional v11.2.1 -> flac/ take a listen to crazy fingers on your stereo and let us know what you think. then listen to the same concert here https://archive.org/details/gd94-10-02.pmb.pujol.15111.sbeok.shnf recorded by guy in audience with a microphone source audience: pmb microphones lineage pmb mics (fob) > sony d7 > sony pcm-r300 > monster s/pdif digital cable > rmedigi96/8pad > soundforge 6.0 (rec, resample) > cd wave (splits) > shntool > mkwact > shn (seekable) so if you take a few minutes you can find a wide range of quality much i think you will enjoy some not so much. siltech try it and see since the pono store wont deliver to you this may help.
rocky mountain way, what you say about cassettes and recording quality is true. however, sometimes it is thrilling to hear those archived performances anyway possible. it is a sonic time capsule. we are lucky to have those records no matter how they sound. all music is worth while. what if only a portable cassete recording captured when bob dylan went electric the first time? or the first time dave brubeck performed take 5. they would still be transformative. bandcamp also has some great up and coming new artists that don't have a record contract yet. they offer flac (at least 16/44.1 some are hi res). learned this on the ponomusic site. one of the pono members has a band called cody lee. bought that from bandcamp in hi res 24/88 sound. it is a very nice performance with great sound. if you like pop/rock give it a try. that is what is great about pono. no proprietary format. we can cherry pick music from anywhere and it plays on the ponoplayer. if ponomusic disappeared tomorrow, we would still have full use of the ponoplayer. ponomusic hasn't disappeared and i believe we will be seeing it reappear very soon.
rocky      cool
hey jerry. welcome back!  i checked out your website archive.org and was quite frankly underwhelmed. i downloaded a bootleg of david bowie circa 1974. think about it - in 1974 it would have been recorded on a portable cassette player with a built in microphone from the back row stalls and it sounded no better than that. compared to pono - mate you must be dreamin. like siltech i have some pretty good gear - hegel h160 amp, usher diamond x speakers & pono with balanced mode. to have my son's friend come around to visit while  derek & the dominos is playing and having him listen along uttering 'sweet' without me saying anything- priceless !
siltech check this site don't just listen to me http://www.ponosucks.com/
siltech come in man pono will never reopen they took your money and are sitting back laughing thier butts off. payroll three months thier is nobody to pay no employees no music no comunication no nothing!
fingers crossed.  cool
@siltech, understand your thinking. wouldn't give up yet. i firmly believe the ponomusic store will be back. why keep the forums, facebook, twitter, and instagram all running if they aren't going to return? what does that gain them? at best, pono has very little physical stock to clear out. some ponoplayers and t shirts. no company would spend 3 months liquidating that. the payroll would cost more than it is worth. ponomusic is coming back. i am betting on it.
siltech well its quite obvious that the clown executive officer was going to screw all of the project backers so sad that he was more interested in ripping us off than delivering his promise. fortunately i have most everything in the line of music i want and as most of the music in the past 10 or so is not really music anyhow or so it seems then i wont miss it.  the pono site was just a way to milk more money out of people. sounds like you have a real nice system and hope you find a source for your music that makes you happy. i find that their is still a lot of hi res music on the internet check out the internet archive. many groups you may not recognize the names but quite good if you get a chance check it out.  https://archive.org/details/audio as far as neil i wouldn't buy a thing from him. hope he ends up homeless and ends up living in a gutter. nobody is even buying pono on ebay what a waste
@doug. let be realistic. someone takes over three months ago, and no more info. i'm 99% convinced, pono download site is done. i can still copy cds and transfer to pono. so now my pono basically is a cd player. very depressing. i'm patient, but realistically is over. no company would do this, and not inform customers. no delays, gone. anyway, take care. siltech
can someone on the pono management team, contact neil young and ask him if the down site is permanent. i think is may be done.  thanks.     siltech
@siltech moving even higher up the wilson ladder. that is impressive. love the red finish! enjoy the music! glad you are still playing the ponoplayer. bet the bryston will be great sounding. once you get all this equipment hooked up, don't forget to let us know how it sounds. no idea when the pono store will reopen. should be soon. i definitely need some new hi res albums.
@doug  i'm switching the wilson sabrina for the new wilson yvette speakers. why, because they are full range, higher end drivers, s material, more x material, no hdf board, and cost more. i'll switch with dealer, when they come in a month. i ordered them today in titan red. pono should sound dandy on these. the sabrina blows away my old guarneri mementos. the yvette with 20 to 20k response should sound incredible. the yvette's are the replacements for the sophia 3. also, i'm still waiting for my bryston bcd-3, which i ordered a couple months ago. i think there waiting till the taves audio show, coming at the end of this month. long live pono.     siltech
i exercise the pono player a lot, and sounds incredible. is the new site opening soon, or again. take care.
great looking speakers @siltech. bet they sound fabulous. you will have to listen to all your music again. so many new things to hear with the new equipment. don't forget to exercise the ponoplayer once in awhile.
my new wilson sabrina. they are one week old, and i may be upgrading to wilson yvette speakers. can't get enough. below is a picture of my wilson sabrina. open below link. http://www.audiocircle.com/image.php…
http://www.audiocircle.com/image.php…
glad to hear it @siltech. just wait until they break in all the way! enjoy.
@ doug adams i received my new wilson sabrina yesterday, and they sound incredible. the sound more richer, full, 3d, depth, soundstage, natural, more bass, efficiency, and effortless than my sonus faber guarneri mementos. this is out of box. i can't wait when there fully broken in. ( 200-300 hrs. )
@siltech, wow. that will be some sound quality. what will be the 1st music you play? ponomusic store will reopen. just taking a little longer. neil and phil baker both posted explanations yesterday.
rocky mountain way perhaps pono is dropping the black ( don't think it is as popular as the yellow). they might bring out a new color. there was a blue prototype once. it is seen in some early ads. might have been apple, spotify, or someone else. 7d isn't heavy into hi res. you are looking at their inventory. pono has their own inventory. my understanding is 7d stores and distributes pono's music. it is taking pono longer than they expected to handle the transition. it will happen.
@doug adams is pono ever going to reopen? also, i'm suppose to be getting my new wilson sabrina, in titan red this week. cheers.     siltech
worrying times for pono. i note there are no longer pono players for sale on the website and amazon is selling out of the black players. will they be replaced? i love my pono player and i really hope it can succeed. i have probably spend $k15 on top end equipment for 2 systems ( hegel amp, usher diamond x speakers) and the sound is jaw dropping. everyone who hears it comments on how great it sounds. i believe the pono edge is with the balanced cables. i was never able to access the music purchases site but suspect the original provider was bought out by apple. think about it. they don't want anyone questioning music quality and want to sell their wireless headphones. pay the $20 million or whatever and cut pono off at the knees.  pono has been totally shafted by a globally dominant player where the buck is the only song playing. there is a whole generation of music listeners who don't even know that music comes in different quality. plus they don't want to pay for music or movies. rent them poor quality music and make them pay forever. the next target will be the cd and vinyl factories. it is more than possible. the 7digital website doesn't seem to have much hires and the pono construction site no longer mentions them as the new partner. the breakthrough for the pono site will not come until they are able to sell music globally as this is the only way they will achieve a viable critical mass of sales. we all really hope pono can make it.
so any on tuesday, september 13 axs tv will air the season premiere of the big interview, a news program hosted by dan rather. iconic singer-songwriter neil young will be featured on the first episode of the upcoming season. neil’s candid chat with dan rather includes talk of his most recent album earth, young’s pono digital music system, his childhood bout with polio, his thoughts on prince’s death and the role drugs and drug companies played in it. young also discusses his time with crosby, stills, nash & young as well as his current band, promise of the real. love that neil is doing this and wearing a pono shirt.
i'm open to any brand for turntable. have to find that synergy.
@siltech, i have little doubt the wilson will be better sounding. that is dave wilsons expertise.  has been since he wrote for hp at the absolute sound, many years ago. you will love them. red? wow, that should be spectcular. bryson turntable or something else?
two different dealers, bryston a month and wilson 3 weeks. your correct, sonus faber makes incredible looking speakers. bottom line, i'm going with sound this time. the wilson sabrina, in my titan red colour look pretty good. with these speakers i don't need the separate powered sub i was using with my sonus faber. i'm now looking to add a turntable to the mix. thanks, and take care.  siltech
@siltech how long will delivery take.
that is exciting news @siltech. i am sure the wilson won't disappoint sound wise, but sonus faber sure has made some beautiful speakers to look at. i will pick sound every time!  wilsons are amazing sounding. bryston should be super! enjoy.
just sold my krell chipher, and sonus faber guarneri mementos. i just purchased new bryston bcd-3 player and new wilson audio sabrina speakers. i'm waiting for delivery of the bryson and wilson. cool.    siltech
http://www.ponosucks.com/home.html
@siltech, when pono first opened they they had to set up just the us store. that took a month maybe longer. the canadian store came about a year later. now pono has to set up the us and canadian stores. plus there is a lot more music than in the beginning. they also added a bunch of indie labels and artists. they are also making improvements to the store. it could be awhile yet.
2 stores?
@siltech new site is on the way. just don't know when it will open. this was a big job when they originally opened. now they have even more music to load. plus two stores!
is the new site coming, and when?
@siltech, the m&j do one thing more than any headphone i have heard. they have a huge soundstage. it is almost like not wearing headphones. it is amazing. it is out of the head sounding. frequency response is very smooth, especially in the high frequencies. my sennheiser hd600 have less refined highs. m&j have less distortion in highs - like comparing a pass amp to standard transistor amp. the m&j have a very linear frequency response - but it isn't flat. the bass is a little pumped up, midrange is more center of the concert hall, highs are even with midrange. these phones have to be played a week or two to break in. break in made more difference on these earphones than any i have heard. at first they were very raspy in the highs and the bass had an annoying 1 note droning sound. the ponoplayer really struggled to play them. there was no decay to instruments. sounded like 1980's digital. after almost 2 weeks hooked to a nakamichi receiver (designed by nelson pass) they sound great. there are two areas the sennheiser hd600 win. 1. the hd600 are more pinpoint focused. the m&j are a little more diffused sounding with a much larger soundstage bloom and "floaty" highs. they are kings at sound decay. 2. instruments are more forward on the hd600 and have a little more color. the m&j sound a little more greyish. to be fair the m&j are closed back while the sennheiser are open. usually open performs best, but everyone hears your music and you hear everyone in the room. i don't know any headphone for $200 that can do what the m&j do. with break in they sound great on the ponoplayer. i do wish they were balanced. not even sure they can be modified for balanced mode. they have a transformer in both earcups that might rule out balanced modifications. hope this helps.
@doug i may get something with akm dacs, ie- 4490, 4495, or latest 4497. these seem to be the premiere dacs out there. still, 9018 in pono is great. cheers.
hi doug, i just read your views on the gl2 headphones. this is the first time i heard about them. i see them. in your opinion, are they worth buying for $215.00, includes delivery on line?    i just sold my krell cipher player. the synergy just wasn't there with my new pass labs. not sure what'll replace it. long live pono.  siltech
listening to the ponoplayer with the new mitchell & johnson electrostatz gl2 hybrid headphones. they feature both an electret mid and high frequency transducer and a 40mm dynamic bass driver in each earcup. no external amp or adapter box required. there is a transformer in each ear cup. these sound really nice on the ponoplayer. very balanced and natural tonal balance.
thank you @doug adams ;-)
@doug adams: i missed graham nash's post on the pono forum (and i actually did not even know he was a member). if you can find some time to tag me on the said post, i'd really appreciate it ;-)
listening to graham nash - this path tonight on the ponoplayer. graham's comments on pono forums about current digital were interesting. he recorded this path tonight in digital and said it now sounds warmer like analog. science has made progress with digital sound quality. ponoplayer is sounding great.
hello @kingsley burton. what is it you are waiting to receive? we need more details. don't see posts from you in march or june.
hey guys, this is my third message checking in and wanted to let you know that i haven't received anything yet. my previous messages were in march and early june.  can you advise me of the status please? cheers
e. michael shine, did you get the problems solved?
thanks doug!. i found a pono retail store in verona ,nj., that may be able to fix my issues. i'll see what they can do and let you know. appreciate your time !!!!!!!, michael.
@e michael shine sorry you are having trouble. did you ever get the firmware updated for pmw? new update may not be as big a deal as pono makes it sound. one of the community members mentioned he used older versions of pmw long after the expiration date with no problems. there is a glitch with the newe update. the blue icon spins all the time. there will be a new update to fix it. saw that you posted in the community. they should get you going. you might have to totally remove pmw from your computer. then reload it. also see your ponoplayer has an older firmware. mine wouldn't update at all. finally eggert, dougie, slimpants, and others got it to upgrade to "5". eggert had the firmware update on another site. later on the ponoplayer updated to "6" without a hitch using pmw. hope you get every thing straightened out soon.
https://www.youtube.com/watch…
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
doug, yes. could use your advice. thank you!
@o'boogie the holder is perfect.    thanks
@e michael shine are you trying to update from the ponomusic app?
having problems updating the new ponomusic world 20.0.138. downloading the new version of pmw is not working for me on my mac. would appreciate any assistance.
how is your new holder working, @siltech? sounds like it was a perfect solution. :-)
hey siltech are you saying that the  ceo "clown executive orifice" forgot about his promise to have accessories on the pono site. certainly he could of done that but what do you expect from the dope. he broke so many promises out for nothing but the money. anyhow i can suggest you check out this site http://www.proclipusa.com/mobile-device-holders/universal-holders/product/padded-adjustable-holder-with-tilt-swivel-848636a.cmsv… i have used them in most any make of car or truck i have had the link is for the universal fit that should fit the pono its a 2 part system you find the part that fits the device then the part that fits your vehicle and they hook together quite nicely. as far as upgrades i would not hold your breath on that would be nice if he released the firm ware to public domain than we could see some spectacular things from the pono. put in the hands of the right person we could have many of the features you mentioned and more how about streaming audio and the ability to record. of course that will never happen as when that happens his money pit pono store will dry up.
attachment-1.jpeg
cid:1d6b035a-0df5-406a-8f65-ef866bd5ee4a
hi    o'boogie   a+
hi, siltech!
i mean the cardas cables are heavy.
does anyone no where i can buy a pono clamp holder, like the ones the reviewers seem to use. they have four clamp supports with foam lined. also, it's on a swivel with suction cup, like the ones for phones in cars. i connected my pono via cardas balanced cables to my pass labs. the pass labs are heavy and pono won't lay flat. i wish pono sold one for us. if someone knows where to buy one, please post back. thanks
very cool, and interesting. check out link from the absolute sound, may 2016 issue. http://www.theabsolutesound.com/articles/beyond-high-resolution/
in theory, existing dacs and players should be able to deal with mqa following a software update. of course, cynical companies may not provide that upgrade and instead use this as an excuse to release new hardware claiming to offer ‘next-generation’ hi-res audio support. we'll try to stay optimistic. read more at http://trustedreviews.com/opinions/what-is-mqa-meridian-s-digital-audio-format-explained#g3xcaxoocrety5kz.99
i hope a pono software update for mqa,by meridian can be added to pono. it will be incredible, if it can.
i just pre-ordered the new neil young download, coming. it's 192/24 resolution. hi o'boogie.
graham nash will be visiting and answering questions during the 2nd ponomusic chat! this will be fun. looking forward to it. it is 04-20-2016 4:00 pm pst on the pono site.
pono had their first live chat saturday with lukas nelson and promise of the real. it was very interesting and quite fun. lukas put a face on the band and their music. persuaded me to download their newest album, something real. hope more artists sign on for this. album is great on the ponoplayer! punchy and alive sounding. 24 - 96 really sings. it is a little startling how much lukas sounds like his father, willie. the pono ecosystem is starting to blossom.  hi  res music is on a roll.
tmh, arcam is fine stuff. not sure any 5.1 equipment is easier to use? wouldn't mind having a surround system in addition to what i have now. pono and others are trying to change world wide marketing of music. it isn't easy. same problem in the us with cars. we bailed gm out and now they are trying to stop electric car company tesla from selling direct to consumers. hate it.
doug vtl, quality stuff.  i would love a separate 2ch amp but space and wife's luddite status meant i had to settle for the best 2ch 5.1 i could get.  hence the arcam hi-res in australia?  amazon us!!! again showing the ridiculousness of the pono policy of not being able to sell globally (appreciate it is not their decision)
tmh, thanks for the info. will try ripping a blu-ray some day. only have a few dealing with music. you are lucky to have a friend capable of ripping sacds. will probably buy the supertramp breakfast in america pure audio blu- ray. i try to collect one of every format. like you, i also use the ponoplayer mostly with headphones/iems. my home stereo has a passive transformer line stage. ponoplayer barely has enough power to drive the vtl amp to full power. so where do you buy hi res in australia?
doug its a two step process for br dvds, rip an image of the disc on makemkv and then rip the audio using a ripper.  i don't generally rip dvds, as unless they have an lpcm channel they are generally compressed agree on sacd's. although they are fairly easy for me, i drop it off at my friend andrew's and say "andrew, rip the audio off this for me" i use the oppo bd95 (i think) for cds.  old achine, but has been modified and is beautiful.  but only used for dvds.  most of my library is on my computer, whcih streams to my apple tv, but them played through my arcam avr 850, so use its dac rather than the apple tv dac. my pono is only used with my balanced pm1 oppo headphones (at home) or sennheiser ie800 in ears on the road.
how do i cc this paypal request to neil young. (  ceo  ) ? ha ha
interesting. why don't pono set up paypal, as another payment option?
tmh, i find cds easy to rip. dvd are tougher. haven't tried blu-ray. sacd discs are horrible to rip. i have an oppo bd105 disc spinner for the home stereo. my cds and dvds are riped to an external hard drive that the oppo will play. what do you play you home digital with? i also play lots of vinyl. like physical stuff, but it takes up a lot of room. often it is nice to just play from the hard drive. no looking for cd cases. perhaps pono will adopt paypal. opening a store in australia would be even better. it will happen one day.
i buy occasionally from hdt in the us.  the geoblocker on my computer and the paypal option work for hdt, but pono will only accept credit cards and they reject my australian issued card. i would prefer to buy form pono, they offer individual songs but hdt don't however being old school mostly i buy the sacd or bluray hi res where possible and rip the music for the pono.  the disc sounds better through my home system than the pono with the 3.5mm out jack  and i like the physical product
tmh, so you buy from the us or some other hdt? hope you get a ponomusic store one day. i would be less likely to buy cd res from them, since there is no upgrade promise. i love pink floyd with gilmour and waters. have most of the albums after the breakup. they are ok. kinda pink floyd lite.
*any which way
thanks doug i guess when you put it that way, it makes sense. i love supertramp, but more the hodgson era (whereas i love both the waters and gilmour era of pink floyd).  bwyb is of course redeemed by having david gilmour on it. i love the hi-res of cotc and bia, but didn't buy them from pono, bought the pure audio blu ray and then ripped them.  i don't buy anything form pono, not allowed (australian).  i can and do buy from hdtracks, as they allow paypal, but pono wont let my buy them an which way.
@tmh good question. i live in the styx (pun). nearest small town only has two stores that carry a decent selection of new cds. odds either would have this album aren't good. it was only $6.50 on ponomusic store, before the 15% off sale. supertramp is a popular older group. they have already remastered crime of the century and breakfast in america at hi res. i am betting their other albums will follow. when that happens the pono promise will kick in and i will get the free hi res upgrade. still buy cds when i run across them. rip them all. deciding which will be upgraded is a little like playing the stock market. plus it supports pono.. guess you never buy cd res from pono? thanks
doug i don't understand why you would buy cd quality from the pono store?  why wouldn't you get supertramp in cd format and rip it?
@oboogie, i did. john coltrane - soultrane 24-192, television -marquee moon 24-192, and supertramp - brother where you bound 16-44.1. hoping supertramp upgrades the rest of their catalog one day. did you pick up some new music.
hope you bought some great things, @doug!
clowns out again doug quit spamming
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
thanks, siltech! you are pretty great, too. :-)
...
more clowns on the loose siltech and his mother
o'boogie, your the coolest.
thanks for sharing, @siltech!
my goodness neal let one of his clowns out how is the clown executive officer doing with his canada customer siltech
that was a nice video siltech. thanks for sharing.
siltech  figured you are the only canadian customer on pono store
https://www.youtube.com/watch…
my mother well she died ten years ago she would of been 96 last week. anyhow you sure do have a foul mouth next time i am in kentucky i can put some soap in it for you. is that the language you teach the kids at jefferson public schools in louisville maybe you are the one with the learning disabilities. have a nice day darkstarflashes do you still whine about your morning jacket boo hoo have a nice day
your mother!
nice john i see you haven't grown up yet
hey, joe ... fuck you! that is all.
still no customers?
pono player named digital player of year-2015, by stereophile magazine. congrats pono, neil, and all supporters. http://cl.s7.exct.net/…
must be still waiting for the first canadian customer
waiting to find out if canadians bought more music the first week of their new store vs. the american's first week. the figures will be per capita to be fair to the much smaller canada. should be interesting.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
★★★★★canada vs usa  ★★★★★ a friendly competition. canadians will you buy more music, during the first week your new store is open, or did the americans? the usa numbers were set in stone almost a year ago. canadians can still add to their music collection. check out ponomusic.com for more info.
wow the clown executive officer finally got it in his own country
pono just announced the opening of their canadian store! canadians can now buy music on the ponomusic site. congratulations. you can also buy ponoplayers from amazon and london drugs. long live pono!
you bet. so nice to see you back here, @siltech. �
@doug &'o'boogie, thanks
three blind mice
@siltech glad to hear from you. hope all is well with you. i love pass amps. have a 30 watt per channel one. also built 2 50 watt pass son of zenn monoblocks. you are going to love it. so natural sounding. enjoy it man.
hey, siltech. hope you enjoy it! nice to see you here. i check in every now and again. hahaha.
@ o'boogie i haven't been on this site for some time. cool to see you fighting it out. ha ha. i just bought the new pass labs int-60 amp. my delivery should be before christmas. can't wait
pigs sound great on the pono. good stuff.
just calling o'piggie sooee that's how you call swines
that whining noise. do you hear it? it's like this persistent, annoying whine. weird.
sooee sooee sooee
lo! i hear the distant call of the dumbass!
oink oink
@shinji, as @doug said, be sure to check out ponomusic.com. lots of great info there.
@doug adams pretty sure you lied to shinji this site was logged into by pono on october 1st 2015. they read the site they just don't answer questions from their backers. fine example of their disrespect for the people who gave them 6.2 million dollars.
@shinji yamashita, pono expects to open music stores in canada and great britain this month. it is perfectly fine to obtain hi res music from other stores. one of the great things about pono is their refusal to hamper consumers with proprietary formats. the flac and wav formats are universally available world wide. pono no longer reads this site. please visit ponomusic.com for the official site. over 50,000 people are there talking about music and all things pono. it is free and well worth seeking out.hope to see you there.
the end of the 2015 is coming but pono music store has not opened yet in japan. i purchase the hi-res music at another seller. are there any pono music stores which have been started the service except for us region?
guess the forum is at the pono music site not here
seems like asking if you got paid falls under a question part
"use this space to cheer the creator along, ask questions, and talk to your fellow backers. please remember to be respectful and considerate. thanks!"
ok we agree pono sucks and you don't get paid by the clown executive officer
joe re your first post. fine. that is what this forum is about re your second. you just don't get it, do you?
tmh how much does neil pay you ? more than boogie and doug
tmh how about pono sucks
please stop joe, can we just go back to abusing/praising pono rather than getting into name calling on this site.
or not. :-)
good to know you are psychotic enough to be stalking me everywhere. good job! keep proving that you are mentally unwell. it's nit difficult for you, i realize.
i've just been called a whore on the kickstarter site. feel free to go over and get my back. i'm really tired of this shit. that is the straw that broke the camel's back.
whore? haha! you are completely deranged. get some help, psycho.
doug thanks for the posting maybe the whore will go to the pono site for a while
wow oh wow. pono just totally changed their community website. the look is new and clean. groups are replaced by topics. everything is different. i like it. going to take a while to get used. everyone should check it out.
snl, dumbass — not sln, which is what you typed. for god's sake, you're thick. you are old enough to be my grandpa, and you act like this? you should be ashamed. i'd almost feel sorry for you if you weren't so rude all the time. i have no idea who you are or why you'd harbor such hate for a total stranger. that's sad. we don't have to agree to be civil. i don't think it is healthy for you to be so hateful toward someone you don't know. i'm sorry things are tough for you. i can't imagine why else you'd act the way you do. good luck to you. punctuation: look into it! it's a new innovation (or it will seem like one for you, evidently). take care!
saturday nigh live its on been on television 41 years likley long before you were born or hatched or crawled out from under a rock which ever applies ask your mother from her picture she looks old enough to remember it provided you haven't driven her crazy. and you are so kind my mother is dead i hope yours is not i am kind of amazed you follow this neil young guy he is even older than i am but i saw him play at woodstock where he was afraid to let the camera man take his picture csn was much better without him. go back and crawl under your rock
are you drunk or just stupid? perhaps both? i'll take your comment as a compliment considering i've yet to read a coherent post from you. also, i'll need to know what sln is? dumbass. thanks for being so very predictable. good times. bye again! p.s. be sure to clean up the basement before your mom comes down to check on you, young man. don't disappoint her again. she deserves better.
http://www.nbc.com/saturday-night-live/video/point-counterpoint-lee-marvin-and-michelle-triola/2846665
boogie go back to school and learn to write  one and two word sentences, made up words  living in a gutter is showing on you you remind me of jane on the sln skit
bless. hope you eventually make some friends. seems unlikely, however. buh-bye. last word! (until you come back to talk shit to a complete stranger, that is. you must be so lonely. sad little man. well. i say man. more like "boy.")
you shouldn't laugh at doug he is just doing what he has been told to do by the clown executive officer and we have read so many of your posts we don't think of you as a stranger your very predictable and annoying,  as far as sucking well your the expert you should go to the pono site they may like you and have a nice day
glad you announced it, doug. hahaha. as for you two, it must really suck to be you. bless. insulting strangers on the internet is generally the refuge of the sad, lonely, unloved, and uneducated. sounds about right, then, since you guys do little else. bye now!
pono music announces the opening of the canadian and uk stores! pono just announced it on their facebook page. both will open in november! congratulations to our neighbors in canada and the uk. great job pono.
fate worse than death �
close your mouth obs / don't want to get cought in dat snoooze hole of yo's obiggie !!!
*yawn*
@mika don't hold your breath as you will likely never see it. go on the pono site and ask how to get pirate copies they will love you.
early backer, still no access to store here in finland (or europe)
they charge to much
guess they change to much at regular prices if they can afford to give 15 percent off even at that they are likely making a ton of money
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
you still have time to pick up balanced iem earphones from trinity audio engineering at their kickstarter. both the helios and atlas have interchangeable mmcx cords. they are going for about $120 and $160 resectively. this includes the ~ $15 charge for the hand made balanced pono cable. a great price for balanced in ear monitors. they are already funded.
rocky mountain way, yes. that.
here is a cheer for the creator, it's from country joe, then he goes into a song about vietnam the cheer describes how the clown officer handled this project. wonder if pono has it in high rez? https://m.youtube.com/watch…
cheer along the creator? the creator bailed out of this site so whats to cheer?
"use this space to cheer the creator along, ask questions, and talk to your fellow backers. please remember to be respectful and considerate. thanks!"
oboo'gie yep just don't use it so you can get upset you follow it quite well likely you are not that stupid nobody cares about ponomusic it sounds like the clown operating officer is even doubtful of its future
joe, are you unable to use punctuation? are you familiar with the concept at all? because i couldn't follow that rambling nonsense you posted below. updates are at ponomusic.com. but you want to rant like a lunatic, so go right ahead. no one cares. bye-bye, crazy pants!
@robert ryan, the head of sony recently stated that only 35% of music ever made it to cd! that tells you what a massive undertaking hi res audio is. the new albums are coming out in hi res. there is a page of them every week on the pono website. the older albums are being remastered as fast as possible. this year tom petty, led zeppelin, rush, jethro tull, and many others arrived in hi res. there is already more hi res material available than most people can afford. every week the hi res inventory grows. the battle to save music will take time. it is worth the effort.
oboogie obviously you care why else would you be here it's just nobody cares about you the clown executive officer stopped updating so its a waste of time i stop by as i check all projects i have backed  cant sell pono nobody wants it overpriced and ugly nice idea but nobody wants it to bad hamm quit and young didn't deliver the promises
i can't believe there are still trolls here. sell your pono and please shut up. no one cares. bye now!
flac files 44.1/16 from cd's sound fantastic on pono. i have just purchased keith richards crosseyed heart cd for $nz16 = $us10 plus it comes with a booklet & interview. great value. there are a lot of factors before hi res will sound better - gear used, balanced cables, type of recording. it's not really about pono but the love of music - and pono makes it all sound better. just turn it up and enjoy.
the biggest disappointment i have is the lack of high res recordings from so many artists. i could list dozens of albums i would buy if available, and many of them are from major artists. this is very different from the impression i was given when deciding whether to buy the pono.
pono just announced new updates to the forum are on the way. new look, new functionality. pono is constantly improving.
@jason chau it's just a matter of time before chapter 11 to bad they have a clown operating officer and not a real ceo
news reports that pono is unable to expand due to its current budgetary constraints > http://www.whathifi.com/news/neil-young-admits-lack-resources-affecting-pono-music-plans
pono is close to the 50k member mark. only 500 more people to go. at the present pace it should happen in 3 or 4 weeks. exciting times.
one more reason not to buy a tesla
ponomusic is having a labor day sale. 15% off all music titles. must spend at least $40.
pono is adding members every day. money may be tight but that isn't unheard of for a new start up company. it takes a while to get moving. there are enough people interested in hi res downloads for this to be viable. hdtracks has been in business 6 + years. the oem car sales will also kick in later with tesla and harman. if pono truly got into trouble i could see harman acquiring it. they have bought many other high quality companies. it would be a small investment for them.
pretty much knew this would fail when hamm left. "acting" may work on a stage when lip syncing. but in business a real ceo works. in this case ceo stands for clown operating officer. little hope this will last most of the time i leave the pono in the drawer and use my i phone maybe it don't sound as good to some but when you've listened to old has been rockers like young for over 50 years the ears don't pick up the difference any how. i have no problem finding hi quality music on the internet have not spent one penny in the pono store and no plans to do so. pono will likely burn and crash, nice idea but no traction.
jason i would argue it is a pre ipod apple. better quality than the competition, but seen by the general public as overpriced, over specced and not necessary for what they want to do. dont forget, before the ipod apple was basically used by the design/arty section, and most people didn't see the need for an apple computer.  they released the ipod, it got market penetration, and many people then started buying mac computers. i love my pono, but i seriously doubt the companies long term future, neil young said they are struggling to find new capital, and if he isnt putting in his own money...............
@jason chau. i have shown the pono to a lot of people but none have gone out and bought one. the market is quite small and with no advertising and no perceived need by the mp3 generation it will struggle to find traction. the music companies are making nothing out of music now yet they stick to the old formula of zones and high margins for digital music instead of allowing it to develop. commerce is now global and it makes no sense to restrict supply - especially when those individual zones have no interest in providing alternative sourcing of hi res music for each local market. also, with all the other formats ( lp , cd ) they have a second hand marketable value ( even if not a lot ) but hi res music has no second hand value . the up side is that it is the holy grail of sound!
after having the pono player for almost a year, i believe it has become the 'commodore' of the music player world - a player that true to its mission, brings true high-end digital audio to the masses at a fantastic low price (not unlike commodore's famous motto 'we need to build computers for the masses not the classes'. unfortunately the masses aren't quite convinced because of having been stuck with mp3 for so long. or perhaps, haven't really been able to physically 'see' a pono - because branding in todays climate is all about exposure. i believe that the reason pono hasn't made the headways it was supposed to is because of 'political sabotage' by some members of media, who doesn't want pono to succeed and i suspect, are being supported by competitors to pono behind the scenes. ask yourself the question why would the pono player get 5 star reviews from trusted independent review sites like audiostream.com and digitalaudioreview.com, while the likes of supposed 'respected' mass-media audiophile reviewers like david pogue from yahoo gave it a massive bashing? that massive discrepancy tells you there is something going on...
@paul gains & thm. i agree that there is a slim chance that hi res will be available to the rest of the world. probably more chance having pono as the new flag! pono aren't saying much but they probably have to pay setup fees which are prohibitive. check out the top albums- all old music or discounted albums. the market is mainly us old guys and probably not as big as we think. it would be hard to pay $nz45 for a hi res album i already have as a cd. all is not lost as pono sounds fantastic even with cd's. the main gain is over mp3. quality gear and balanced cables make the most difference. avoid remastered (read compressed) albums .they always louder than the original. the best recordings (even cd's) are quieter.   i like to crank up the volume -if my delicate ears hurt then it is not a good recording. mostly that doesn't happen with my pono -  i use acoustic guitar and voice to show how good clear and pono really is. enjoy !
paul i think the following article sums up the chances of that after years spent whining about how the ipod was killing the music industry, rock legend neil young pulled his albums from apple music and launched his own ipod killer, the pono player. it was a weird pyramid shaped device that specialized in high-resolution audio, sold through its own music store, which ars technica memorably declared a tall, refreshing drink of snake water. anyone surprised to hear, then, that even as ipod sales die, young’s pono player is having trouble keeping pace with it? in a new post on facebook, young says that while the company has shipped “tens of thousands” of its $400 pono players to fans, and despite the fact that users have purchased “hundreds of thousands” of tracks from their store, pono just can’t scrape together money to expand in more markets. “today we are trying to set up stores in multiple countries and are restricted by a lack off resources,” he wrote, claiming that canada, great britain, and germany would be the first targets. “this is our highest priority. as soon as we have the funds, those stores will open. we wish it could be faster than that.” the company’s also looking for a ceo to replace tech alum john hamm, who left the company in july 2014. young claims the “search continues” for a replacement, during which time he will continue to act as interim ceo. something tells me it’ll be hard to get a proven leader to take over, as long as listeners can’t really tell the difference between this and regular itunes files. what do you think? http://www.cultofmac.com/386477/neil-young-admits-his-ipod-competitor-is-having-a-hard-time/
it would be nice to have a progress update / time frame for the opening of the uk, australia (including new zealand?) pono music store(s) as would really like to purchase hi res from pono plus bonus of free upgrades (i travel between uk and nz - in uk i can buy from hdtracks but not in nz. in may i bought 'fleetwood mac - fleetwood mac' at 192/24 flac for the nice price of £4.90)
@doug adams  that of course does not apply to any of the kickstarter backers like myself from the uk that purchased 3 pono players all of which will never have free upgrades because they don't have a pono music store in the uk !!    great job pono !!! about time the world got to know how you delivered false promises to everyone of your loyal customers apart from the ones on your own doorstep !!
huge pono announcement. pono announces that the pono promise free resolution music upgrade has been extended to all us customers. now all us customers have the same benefits that kickstarter backers enjoy. great job pono. long live pono!
@tmh think you have spent more on headphones than i have. last year i bought sony xba-h1 and bowers & wilkins c5 for less than $250. this year the flare audio r2pro on ks for $325. the grado sr60 are 20 years old! the sennheiser hd600 are about 10 years old and cost $250 in their day. the trinity atlas with four interchangeable cables is ks priced at $155. the cables could be worth that. if they do they pono balanced cable it will be a great deal.
doug you must have bottomless pockets my current headphone collection is sennheiser ie 800 shure 535 klipsch x10i audio technica es9wh oppo pm1 and am waiting on dash and earin bluetooths on kickstarter i just cant justify anymore!!!
i have been following the trinity audio kickstarter. their first campaign was a success. they have a new campaign featuring iems. the interesting part is they use mmcx detachable cables. they come with 4 cables. trinity is considering adding a pono balanced cable to the mix. this would be one of the least expensive ways to try your ponoplayer in balanced mode. the dynamic/balanced armature hybrid phones have me exciter.
anthony give up, i doubt it will happen.  try hdtracks using a region blocker and paypal.  or buy the disc and rip the hi res version to your pono or go to the pirate sites i have no issue with either approach given pono is so restrictive on access
can i suggest that pono open a uk store as promised so we can actually buy all these great suggestions ???....getting bored of the 2 shipped albums now !!!
@tmh, you are right about amused to death. super recording. wow.
can i recommend amused to death by roger waters as one hell of a way to show off your pono's capabilities.  an amazing album that is just made better by a hi-res version
the ponoplayer is sounding mighty fine with my new flare audio r2pro in ear monitor earphones. these iems are so small that both earpieces (without comply tips) fit on an us dime! being so small means you can sleep in them without fear of ear damage. combine the comfort and sound quality of these iems with the amazing sound of the  ponoplayer and it is a top notch listening experience. can't imagine the sound when the balanced drive cables are introduced for the flare.
@eric w glad to hear you are on track. pono is a great company with an important mission. wait until you hear the ponoplayer. give it time to break in (it is like a finely tuned race engine) and you will be amazed. @ido barzilay has already joined us on the pono forums. @eric w, hope to see you there.
@doug @ian thanks for your help. i contacted support via the pono site and was taken care of right away. thanks!
i can't believe there are really people who don't know to go to ponomusic.com. why on earth would you wait this long and not contact someone at the main website?  whoa.
@siltech, as far as i know there are no pono stores in canada at this time. believe some canadians have been ordering ponoplayers thru amazon and some of the other pono dealers. the canadian pono music store is supposed to open this year.
@ian, glad you stepped in. the more help the better. knew i would eventually have to get a moderator or ponomusic employee to help with eric's situation. just trying to get enough info to start the process going. don't want to leave any pono people behind. shouldn't be too hard to get ido's headphone questions answered. just waiting for more info or for him to join us at  ponomusic.com. we want to help you @eric w and @ido barzilay. help us do that. the ponoplayer and balanced drive are worth the effort.
@doug thanks for helping out with this, am not meaning to step in and take your place in this, just doing whatever i can to help. i don't check in here at all really - can't remember the last time i did. best i
@eric w and @ido i have not posted here for a long time as all of the information, dialogue and news about pono is on the pono community and has been for ages. it was formed a year ago, i am a moderator there. @eric - if you contact me there i can escalate your issue with the right people at pono immediately. i don't know who else you have contacted, but give me the details and i will run with it for you. @ido - if you go to the community and go to the knowledge section you will find three tech sheets on balanced mode use and the correct cable configurations to use with the ponoplayer for headphones and hifi systems. there is also a balanced mode group there. to send me a message there, you can use the private messaging. my user name there is the same as here, is my real name. i will most likely not visit here again, so i will leave it with you. best i
is there a walk in pono store in toronto, canada?
@eric w who did you reach out to? have you ever been on the official ponomusic website?  if not go to ponomusic.com. you are the only person i have heard of recently, that didn't get a ks ponoplayer. i don't work for pono, just a happy customer. if you can provide some info i will try to help.
never received my pono player. have reached out multiple times with no response. anyone else still waiting?
@ido barzilay the two 3.5mm connectors at the ponoplayer end is correct. now look at one of those connectors. there should be the shiny metal tip, followed by a very thin dark insulating ring, followed by another shiny section, another thin dark insulating ring, and finally the 3rd and last shiny section. do your connectors look like that? 3 chrome sections and two thin black rings seperating them? if there is only one thin black section and two crome sections per connector do not use in balanced mode. you can damage the ponoplayer. do these ebay cables attach to the original cables that were already on your grados's? like an adapter? or did the ebay cables completely replace the original grado cables? if this ebay cable takes a single 3.5mm connector and splits it into two 3.5mm connectors it can not be proper for balanced drive. if it is a y adapter don't use it damage can result. if the cables completely replace the grado cables, and you have the proper stereo 3.5mm connectors the only other thing i can think of is did you go into the ponoplayer menu and activate balanced drive? this must be activated to sound and work properly. if you are unsure of any of this can you log on to ponomusic.com? there we can post pics of the connectors and help you. if you have more ?'s ask. please try to answer the questions in this post. i will try to help you.
@doug i have a modified balanced cable i bought from ebay, it have two 3.5 mm jacks, one jack for the left and one for the right, i guess that if no one is talks about the stereo image , than the problem is with that cable. i don't really know if my cable  that have separate left and right channels means that i am working on balanced mode....i guess not...
@ido i am lost. do your grado phones have interchangeable cables? have never seen grados that do. has your grados been modified to have two 3/8" (3.5mm) headphone connectors? if neither are true, you can't use balanced drive. if you have a single 3/8" (3.5mm) connector on your headphones you can not use balanced drive. balanced drive requires two 3.5mm tip ring sleeve (trs) stereo connectors. left channel plugs into the headphone jack and the other connector plugs into the ponoplayer lineout to provide the right channel. then you select balanced drive in the ponoplayer menu. let me know what your set up is. if your headphones have a single connector do not use balanced drive. afaik there are no balanced grado headphones without modification. i rewired (surgery) my grado for balanced drive. there are tech sheets with drawings on ponomusic.com. go to the knowledge section.
i am using the grado ps-1000.... on unbalanced mode i have a very wide stereo, like i am in the middle of the stage, and on balanced mode the sound is richer but it sound almost like mono... the stereo image is very tight
@ido barzilay i don't know the answer to your question. my good earphones are all unbalanced. the only balanced is a pair of self modified grado sr60 and a pair of self modified sennheiser iems. i will eventually balance the sennheiser hd600, and flare audio is bringing out balanced for pono cables.  reading on the pono forums and head fi i don't see many, if any not liking balanced sound. don't recall any one saying there were trade offs in balanced vs unbalanced  sound. what difference in stereo image are you noticing and what phones are you using?
hi all i am using my balanced cable for some time now, the sound it better, but the stereo image while using the pono in a non balanced mode is much better for me. i really like the stereo image in regular listening mode , but on the other hand i really like the sound of the balanced mode. is it only me that noticed that or do you all fill the stereo image is different ?
@rocky mountain way totally agree with you about the ibe disc. had one since they first came out. have it ripped to the ponoplayer, other portables and music computer. always improves the sound. just picked up jethro tull - aqualung and thick as a brick, plus linda ronstadt - heart like a wheel on the ponomusic sale. excellent. ponomusic has a 6 disc (121 tracks) creedence clearwater revival in 16 /44.1 resolution for less than $8! downloading that this weekend. wow. the ponoplayer is getting along well with the new flare audio r2pro iems. amazing sound from such small units. both metal bodies fit on a us dime. enjoying music more every day.
@doug. i totally agree about the balanced cables. i have just purchased a cardas-ayre acoustics(ibe) burn in cd from amazon  ($us20 + post) on the recommendation of the pono forum. should be used weekly to reduce magnetic buildup. is it any better ? well it is hard to distinguish between great & greater but i do think so. here's the recommended method of installation : "i would recommend, to rip the cd to a an uncompressed wav file. in the "action window" in the left lower edge of the pmw screen, you choose "rip disc", then click on "options" and in the follop up menu "encoding", as "encoder" "uncompressed wave" in pmw, i created a playlist "ibe" and transfered the copied tracks into it to be synchronized with the internal storage of my pono. you can find it easily on your player then."
@tmh, pono is doing fine. neil young is in the middle of his "monsanto" tour so he hasn't been doing many pono promos. at the concerts they have pono booths set up with info and the ability to audition the player. there are also pono t shirts for sale. stores do have the ponoplayer. there is a list of dealers on the pono site. just talked to someone that walked into a fry's electronics and bought one. pono is adding more members every day. new people are constantly arriving. go to rankings and watch the progress. a lot of people are also talking about pono on head-fi.org. pono has two active threads. one is over 250 pages and the other over 40 pages. a lot of them are buying ponoplayers. even some of the detractors have bought into pono. consider that player sales are only part of the pono ecosystem. ponomusic is doing fine and growing. getting stronger every day. look at all the after market companies making balanced cables for the ponoplayer. balanced drive will probably become the new standard in high quality portable music listening.
now delivery and kickstarter are well behind us, has anyone heard how pono is going? i don't hear neil trumpeting on about it, it doesn't appear in stores, and apart from one person on the forum who purchased one through amazon i don't know anyone who bought one other than through kickstarter.
@jason chau i love the cassette walkmans. reminds me that i need to replace the belt on my wm10. the belt is still in the shipping box.
just letting you guys know, the sony walkman is 36 years old today! > http://www.cnet.com/uk/news/happy-birthday-sony-walkman-youre-36-years-old-today/
tmh, my guess would be the iems were already designed and prototyped. flare just needed extra funding to ramp up production. they had the advantage of already being an established pro audio company. pono had to start the company from scratch. i don't consider either method as " un kickstarter ". there was a bigger delay for pono but they were very close to hitting their target date. my ponoplayer was in the second ks wave and arrived 3 weeks earlier than the pono estimate. there are a lot more parts in the ponoplayer vs. the iems. pono also had to deal with software and the music store. a daunting task. both companies did a great job. can't wait to hear the flare with the ponoplayer.
wow doug, that was quick. do you think this is one of those projects that was well developed and kickstarter was the final marketing leg, or do you think it was a bonafide "kickstart" program? i find the latter have a long lead time and are always delayed (like pono)
flare audio just started shipping the kickstarter iems. can't wait to hear these on my ponoplayer. should be incredible. time to get the playlist ready and decide what the first song will be.
the ponomusic store now has pono t shirts for sale!
wow! ponomusic just activated 24bit resolution search in the store. happy days.
love the new ponomusic album of the week promotion. just downloaded natalie merchant tigerlily in 24/96 resolution for less than $14. i spent years looking for an affordable copy of this on sacd. now ponomusic puts a high res version on sale. thank you pono.
looking forward to hearing about how it sounds, @doug!
can't wait to get the flare audio r2pro iems connected to the ponoplayer. should sound great.
https://github.com/coinspark/php-op_return stick it to the man neil !!!
worth checking out.  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/584645150/flare-audio-a-revolution-in-pure-sound/comments
rocky my balanced cables for the oppos arrived form surfcables in rapid time i finally get the pono thing now.  the difference the balanced cables made is extraordinary
open and play, awesome. https://m.soundcloud.com/john-mclaughlin/the-legend-of-arthur-1
@the fly!!!  check out the cardas a8 balanced iems for pono. due to ship soon.
the incredible future of digital high resolution audio question is ... https://bitcoin.org/en/developer-reference locks the audio file inside the coin hra_bit_coin transactions / sharing / micropayment royalties who will be the first to q.e.d's this marriage ? aloha ;)
http://www.cardas.com/pono_accessories.php
@ido barzilay, i installed the firmware update and revealer last night. i find the amount of difference varies with tune and headphones used. mp3 doesn't sound like 24 bit. the headphones i thought were more revealing makes this less apparent than the iems. have to listen more to sort it out. it is surprising and fascinating.
hey guys, looks like we're being spoiled for choice. here's another headphone, this time a wireless earbud called hearnotes just starting their campaign now - https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/hearnotes/hearnotes-premium-wirefree-earbuds-the-universal-e…
any one tried the new pono reviealer ? i don't know if it is not working...but mp3 sounds just the same as 194/24 format...
hey guys have you checked this out yet? looks like another great headphone is coming our way albeit bluetooth... https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1861630723/take-control-of-your-sleep-with-kokoon-eeg-headpho
interesting article on the future of vinyl http://www.factmag.com/2015/05/07/pressed-to-the-edge-vinyl/
it that a pono ? http://retrogamerjapan.com
speaking of cables for balanced mode, can anyone recommend a source for something that goes from pono's 3.5mm jacks to universal 2-pin iem connectors?  i tried surfcables but they do not have anything.
thanks too rocky, just ordered a pair for my oppo pm1's, been hounding the distributor here but they have been no help  us$100+us$18 to asutralia
thanks rocky
@siltech.  surfcables.com.  $us70 + freight ($us18 for me to nz ). just received my 2nd pair !
can anyone recommend a xlr pair to mini 3.5mm cable for pono. i want this cable for use in balanced mode, to my preamp. thanks
ebay
hard wear - out https://gigaom.com/2015/01/08/neil-young-pono-wont-be-a-hardware-company-for-long-video-interview/
good to know that some things never, ever change.
jerry - i disagree. the  pono with flash gear really does sound fantastic. when i bought my hegel amp i looked at the hegel dac - it has to run off your computer. seemed a bit mickey mouse. the pono is a much better option. balanced cables make the most difference.
maybe they can't sell other places due to patent issues sure seems like a dud product
who needs the nice bamboo box? http://www.ebay.de/itm/pono-player-neu-ovp-bamboo-case-new-neil-young-limited-edition-/301620143182?
sorry rockymountainway, guess i didn't read your post closely they wont sell players to anyone outside the us?  jesus, they must be closer to shutting it all down than i thought!
my comments are about the player , not the music. it's just another commodity like cables, cd's, iphones or anything else you want to buy on the internet.
@rockymountainway the restriction on selling to us card holders only is driven by the record companies, who sell territorial rights to distributors, so they can price gouge in different jurisdictions (aint that right australians) this is not pono's decision.  sure they can work with the rights holders to sell in these different jurisdictions (the way apple has with the itunes store), and i am sure this was their original intention, but my view is (and i have absolutely no evidence to back this up) they have been so underwhelmed by sales in the largest market in the world, that they havent bothered, as demand elsewhere will be even less (agree with jason that the demand in asia per capita would likely be higher, but on a volume basis not as high) i think you were very lucky not to have invested in the pono crowdfunder business too.
@ jason chau. i know how you feel. i too have spent a lot in equipment upgrades. my disbelief is why the store will only sell pono players to us credit card holders. the player is where i see the future. you can tell by the most downloaded music that the market is mainly middle aged. young people are not and won't buy in. in the early days i looked into the crowdfunder offer ( before it was announced us citizens only). i had already decided to pass once i got the prospectus - i had a vision of buying early google type shares and making a killing  but the crowdfunder was a lot more restricted - couldn't on sell, money back and possible dividend only when they decided - more a loan and not company shares. if i was one of those that had bought in i would be p****d that only a small portion of the total market was being supplied.
hi guys - been busy away working and just reading some of the comments here. can't believe that the pono store is still not open in other parts of the world like the uk and asia - because there are a lot of audiophiles in these parts of the world believe me, and they probably would spend just as much on music related stuff as us based fans. i had a friend of mine who after my introduction to him of my pono (who subsequently got blown away by its sound) is anxiously waiting to get one in the uk - but he can't until the store opens over there. :( likewise with asia which has a growing hq dap music lovers market and folks with a certain level of expendable income. i can't say for others but i myself spend (on average) an incredible amount per year on content whether it's movies or music - and most is original physical media. just for listening stuff on the pono this year excluding the cost of the unit i spent about us$700 on sacds, blurays and related gear ie. headphones/cables, a good portion of which was shipping cost (since some content i can't get where i am). having to wait for the pono store to open up in our part of the world is frustrating. if it had opened up, the money i spent on the shipping could have gone towards a few more dsd quality albums...
@travisstyle, that is the album. record store day has become a success and really helped independent record stores. it does seem a shame that they can't work out the logistics better. there were about six customers in the store. two were there because of rsd and couldn't buy the product. if i understood the owner correctly, he couldn't turn around and re order. rsd needs to come up with some type of rain check system. what good does it do to entice people into independent stores, and then send them home empty handed? duh.
"tmh on march 31 james where did you hear that the ponostore wont open in australia? doesn't surprise me but would be interested to know where you heard it. personally, i think the pono music store is a joke. for neil to railroad against cds for so long, and then have most of the store sell overpriced cd quality files is outrageous. the lack of international stores is not their fault, but down to the stupid record companies, so is it any wonder the popularity of the pono files on the torrent sites are so high. i would not be surprised if the whole thing winds down over the next 12 months. the player is great sounding (albeit a shitty screen and ui) but i cant see it surviving this niche market when hd tracks has such a better offering james griffiths on march 30 as previously noted my ponoplayer was a dud and failed after three charges. took two months to secure a replacement. i paid for the return shipping from australia to us on the agreement to reimburse and guess what? pono can't do that cause they can't send payments to paypal credit card or any other method. oh, and despite assurances during the kickstarter program, seems the pono store will never be available in australia. very poor. i wonder if neil young is aware of the rubbish service provided by this organisation?" follow on - well, to continue this sorry tale. i posted a similar comment to the above on the pono community page (which appears to be very heavily curated) and received a message which appeared to be sent by or on behalf of neil young explaining and apologizing for my troubles. i appreciated that. i was put in touch with a gentleman called phil who i understand to be a senior executive with pono (vp product development & operations) . phil assured me , and has assured me again since i followed him up a few weeks ago, that a refund for my shipping outlay had been sent. its been about a month since i first heard that and no money has been delivered yet..and its been over three months since i first asked for it....but i hold out hope. more relevantly phil has told me that there is no immediate plan to allow australia, or anywhere outside usa, and possibly canada and uk, to use the pono store. that was certainly not my impression from the kickstarter pre launch hype and it was an operative representation in my ordering not one but two of the silly things. despite all the glowing, possibly planted, reports of the pono being a superior player , even without high end content, it seems like an ugly, crippled ipod to me none the less. ah, what do they say? "a fool and his money are soon parted."
http://sound.stackexchange.com
@doug, this one ? http://pages.ebay.com/link/…
@link a lot of stuff was already sold! did pick up mastodon - atlanta picture disc. recorded at 45rpm. amazing art work. haven't decided if i will open it or not. the store was busy. owner said they order stuff and they only send some of it. he said it was better this year. i wanted the bert jansch disc. they didn't have it. another customer wanted atreu. didn't have that. they need to get more supply.
there are other resources for high-res music. they are working on it. it isn't like they can snap their fingers and make it so. it is taking longer than they expected. there's not much they can do about it except to continue to work on it. that may be the case o'boogie, and i don't blame pono, it clearly is the fault of the record companies but i can tell you there is nowhere coming form australia you can buy this hi-rez music.  i would eb happy to pay for it.  but in the absence of that i have to look for other sources.  and those arent in the best interests of anybody.
what did you get doug?
just returned from record store day. it was crowded. that is a good thing. it was a good day.
@mbcatcb, there are lots of places to buy hi res music. hdtracks, eonkyo, technics tracks, qubuz, pro studio masters, acoustic sounds, native dsd downloads. probably others  i don't know about. being in the us allows access to somemof the sites but not all. none of the sites are worldwide.
there are other resources for high-res music. they are working on it. it isn't like they can snap their fingers and make it so. it is taking longer than they expected. there's not much they can do about it except to continue to work on it.
i really wish that you had written on the original post that if you were not an american there was no point in buying pono because you won't be able to purchase high-resolution music.  you owe every international backer an apology and a commitment that opening international stores will be a priority.  i feel absolutely let down, at the moment you're right on par with itunes.
cool
yes?
o'boogie ?
thanks doug, now if only i could buy them....................(geo blocking and credit card blocking) guess i have to wait for them to turn up on the torrent sites.
tom petty is up on ponomusic in hi-res. go pono!
@tmh, doubt tom petty abandoned ponomusic. hdtracks is probaby slightly faster getting the music up on site. no idea why pmw has time out dates. as long as they keep updating it i am fine.
further gripe, just downloaded the latest version of ponoworld only to show that it too has a limited life?  wtf?
so tom petty just releases his entire catalogue in hi res (less the two albums that i got on my tp le player) where does he release them?  pono music store?  no  hdtracks so if one of the original supporters of this project appears to have abandoned ship what hope is there??
bluetooth pono freaking hilarious !!! http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/b00p20tfwm/ref=redir_mdp_mobile/175-5449644-3525444… read the instructions carefully & yea my pono is now bluetoothing / streaming / just in case / might have missed older posts (unsure if this has been discussed before)
vote tonight for the 1st annual ponomusic hi res award. round one has narrowed it down to 10 albums. help pick the winner.  the albums do not have to come from ponomusic. anyone on the planet can vote. don't miss the opportunity to participate in this historical event.
to view this email as a web page, go here.  ponoheaderlong hi, the last version of ponomusic world has expired. there was an issue that is now resolved and the latest version is now available for download. if your version of ponomusic world has expired, please download the latest version here: mac version windows version if you have any issues, please contact support@ponomusic.com connect facebook twitter   ponomusic - 1501 mariposa st, san francisco, ca 94107  to download ponomusic world,  pono icon this email was sent to: catron@rogers.com this email was sent by: ponomusic 1501 mariposa st, suite #312 san francisco, ca 94107 us we respect your right to privacy - view our policy manage subscriptions | update profile | one-click unsubscribe
or pono fools day
did apple really buy pono music
@doug i know about the bamboo restriction...and it is not correct ! there is no problem at all with bamboo box or any other wood box. only if you plan to enter a bamboo plant...you might have problems.. i want the bamboo box as it will complete the pono set, the bamboo box is very nice.
@ido barzilay, you received a cardboard box because there are legal restrictions about sending  bamboo  to your country. there is little ponomusic can do to change that. pono found out about this after the bamboo boxes were built and had to design the cardboard boxes. sorry. the player is a lot more rewarding. enjoy it. we are so lucky to have one.
thanks rick.  that really is a great review.  the best, most comprehensive and well written that i have seen.  the headphone piece and the recommendations are really useful.
for a long time now i am trying to get the pono bamboo box, i got my pono in a cardboard box and not in the bamboo box. i contact support many times trying to get the bamboo box, but with no luck...they just wont sell/send empty bamboo box..... there are no boxes on ebay also... any one want to sell his bamboo box ? any idea how i can get one ? tnx
tmh i also live outside of usa and cant use the pono music store. i searched the popular torrents sites, but i cant find many pono files there....almost all the files are from one user and most of them are neil yung files... i wonder what site you are using that you sat "the popularity of the pono files on the torrent sites are so high." i cant find so many files.... where can we find pono torrents ?
round two of voting has started in the ponomusic forum. pick your favorite of the 10 finalists. help crown the hi res album of the year.
james where did you hear that the ponostore wont open in australia?  doesn't surprise me but would be interested to know where you heard it. personally, i think the pono music store is a joke.  for neil to railroad against cds for so long, and then have most of the store sell overpriced cd quality  files is outrageous.  the lack of international stores is not their fault, but down to the stupid record companies, so is it any wonder the popularity of the pono files on the torrent sites are so high. i would not be surprised if the whole thing winds down over the next 12 months.  the player is great sounding (albeit a shitty screen and ui) but i cant see it surviving this niche market when hd tracks has such a better offering
as previously noted my ponoplayer was a dud and failed after three charges. took two months to secure a replacement. i paid for the return shipping from australia to us on the agreement to reimburse and guess what? pono can't do that cause they can't send payments to paypal credit card or any other method. oh, and despite assurances during the kickstarter program, seems the pono store will never be available in australia. very poor. i wonder if neil young is aware of the rubbish service provided by this organisation?
here is the great review from tyll http://www.innerfidelity.com/content/pono-player-and-promises-fulfilled
http://www.stereophile.com/comment/547957/#comment-547957 just read one of the posters on stereophile had let the ponoplayer play music for 24 hours through to a whole week (as burn-in) resulting in what he says is now 'spectacular' sound. i know that pono also recommends you to burn it in as per their tech sheet (https://ponomusic.force.com/servlet/filefield…) and heard from others who also had it burned in for more than 20 hours so i guess the burn-in does improve things!
@driftwood holly as @oboogie posted earlier, call ponomusic at. 1-800- 611-0580. they will help. good people that want to help,
dear pono team ,i'm still waiting for mine ..what should i do??????
tyll hertsens posted a world class review of the ponoplayer. he listened ( sighted and blind) to it and measured results with different earphones. world class review. love the headphone recommendations for pono! check it out at innerfidelity.com.
glad you like the sound, jan. i agree that it sounds fantastic.
sold mine havent looked back
received the pono player yesterday. i am very pleased with the sound it provides. concerning design and operational design i have some doubts besides the odd decision to make a unpractical triangular shape, which i knew about before and has been discussed enough on the net (fit into pocket? no instant feel of orientation in hand). there are many points that are not satisfying. 1) not only that the touch screen is responding not too well and the displays size is just to small for that, in attempt to build a somewhat modern or even ahead-of-the-time product it would have been nice to have no touch screen at all. instead you have a real strange  subcontrol via the middle button like "2 times for next track, 3 times for previous track ...". this is just a pain.  when you want to skip tracks and avoid the bad touch screen as mentioned before. making compromise to the functionality is just "meh". same goes for "fast forward" and a few other functions that i would like to control also without having to look at it, which leads to 2) having the headphone plugged it at the bottom of the device refers to the common move to put the player in your pocket downside up. so the cable is not in optimal position on the top like on the pono player.  3) why is the player not showing me tracks the way i named them on my computer? i don't like to rename everything for the player. in fact i haven't found out yet how to even do that. 3) the pono world menu is too complicated, design is just a question of taste but it clearly has a bad overview, too many sub menues and major and minor features all with the same visual priority result: really like the sound as long as i do not have to touch the device.  medium satisfied
@spencer. if you are still having a problem, i suggest you go to the pono community site and pm me the details and i will raise it with pono. a few have slipped through the net, all have been resolved within 24 hours by doing just this. i rarely visit this comments section these days as the traffic is much more on the community. best i
@jason chau, the stereophile review is great. finally real reviewers weigh in on the ponoplayer. love the testing and technical specs. john atkinson did a superb job with this. he even owns a ponoplayer now. can't wait untill he tests and uses balanced drive. some of those ks projects are interesting. nothing i would use though.
@doug adams - no i haven't backed the maraschino. looks nice but am happy with what i have! @o'boogie - indeed! there are some new interesting kickstarters emerging of late, starting with this one... > https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/806452349/onblink-amplifier-world-smallest-portable-amp-dac and this > https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/hydropower/blue-freedom-the-worlds-smallest-hydropower-plant whereas this is making me hungry :) > https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/stranddesign/the-fourneau-bread-oven
this is a much more reputable review from stereophile.  lots of great info, including measurements, response from pono about the great review, and the reviewer reached out to one of these hacks that gave a review without listening to it.  http://www.stereophile.com/content/pono-ponoplayer-portable-music-player
i think that reviewer works for apple, or some other competitor. think about it.
ouch: http://mashable.com/2015/03/23/ponoplayer-review/
hey all any idea when the pono music store will be online in the uk ? the wait is killing me ! sorry if this has been answered before but im too lazy to trawl through 16,000 odd posts :)
http://musicofourheart.me/2015/.../pono-revie
in
stereophile april 2015 issue. this pono review is this issue, great. the reviewer loved the pono player, and bought the reviewed player. check it out.
https://m.facebook.com/story.php…
big moon a comming on :) hey zeke ;)
@spencer, have you ever contacted pono? i'm guessing not. call them at 800-611-0580, providing them with all relevant information. if you don't contact them at all, they can't magic your pono to you. that's not how it works. that's not how any of this works.
i backed pono from the start, kickstarter have my address, could not update a non us address on pono website. its a disgrace that i never received my pono player, when i have received other backed projects. massive fail for pono - kickstarter. i will not be backing any more projects and will never buy a pono player ever.
listening to different albums to decide which one to vote for in the ponomusic  hi res awards. this is tough. some of my finalists are: linda ronstadt, emmylou harris, and dolly parton - trio. heart - dreamboat annie. willie nelson - stardust. jackson browne - running on empty. have to decide by friday. how are you handling the selection?
@jason, that is bizarre. i'm sorry that happened. i'm glad the genius left his name at the top. pretty easy to identify them then ... :-)
wow @jason chau. being impersonated is scary. can't be too careful these days. the amp looks interesting. first thought it was a headphone amp. then realized it is for speakers. guess it would work good on a desktop system. are you backing this?
has anyone checked out this kickstarter on a 'for-pono amp' called the mint maraschino? > https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/378044010/mint-maraschino-amp-for-use-with-high-res-players. this looks interesting... in a separate note (and warning to all my pono friends), i believe someone is trying to use my name as a backer to palm off a ponoplayer by bypassing their returns process. i got a message from pono support the other day from 'someone posing as me' (literally ending it with 'sincerely yours faithfully jason chau'), that my player was broken and needed repairs (included photo of purported broken unit), and support was asking for all the details in georgia. however it was to say, unsuccessful. first of all i don't have a broken player to return, secondly don't live in georgia. and thirdly...they forgot their own name was at the top of the incoming message! in any case i have notified pono support of the imposter...
when is pono opening up a store in canada, and where?
if you haven't heard ponomusic is having people vote on their favorite hi res album. it does not have to be available at ponomusic to qualify. this way everyone can vote. please cast your ballot. pono is going to do an award every year. some contenders are listed, but you can write in any album that is hi res. just log on to the pono site and make your choice known. good listening.
joergy, i know it is taking time to get ponomusic store open in your country. it will happen. i can't get qobuz here in the us. right now they have the new mark knopfler album tracker. oh well patience will win out. can't buy all the hi res albums at once any way. hang in there it will happen.
sounds like a great concert rocky mountain way. i love the eagles. glad you enjoyed it.
im waiting three full months to buy albums in germany...
good morning! i saw the eagles play last night - a great concert. it  started slowly with acoustic numbers and came alive ( for me) when joe walsh started to feature. he has obviously cleaned up because his guitar solos were outstanding. he played a lot more numbers than i expected - including the night's highlight ( for me) - my moniker ' rocky mountain way'. glenn frey was introduced as being from detroit ' where mother is only half a word...'
has anyone heard the new mark knopfler album tracker. it is just stsrting to be available. he had a short video talking about it. recorded straight to tape. spent days playing with old equipment &  mics to pick his favorites. will have to buy this. deciding between the hi res and vinyl will be tough.
congratulations, pono! happy anniversary.
@doug adams ty, it has been a very productive year for pono.  much more to do, and i am confident they are nose to the grindstone on it!  the player surpasses my expectations, and almost daily get a kick out of a new listener's reactions to it :)
@chiknhed great post about 1st ponoversary. a wonderful time for music lovers. congratulations ponomusic on your first year. may you have many more. seems so long ago. the player has improved in quality, gaining gapless playback and dsd. ponomusic world works smoother, has added dsd, and activated the pono promise for kickstarter backers. a very productive year. thanks neil young and ponomusic.
dar is a idiot......
something interesting i found for those with faulty ponoplayers...digital audio review is testing pono's returns process right now > http://www.digitalaudioreview.net/2015/03/testing-a-crowdfunded-projects-returns-process-with-a-faulty-ponoplayer/
on the 03-12-2014 i wrote  “when i saw that neil was behind it i said of coarse i'm on board! i trust neil when it comes to the integrity of the art of music. not only that, it is true, when i listen to work straight out of the studio it is different from what goes down on cd. a few years back i noticed a difference from my old akai reel to reel vs cd's...but i never could put my finger on it...till neil brought it up! i'm ready :)"  as i sit here and listen to routine by steven wilson in 96/24 on my clear pono a year later, all i can say is wow!!!  thank you neil for manifesting your vision in the form of the pono player, the pmw and the community!  i am grateful :)
happy 1st year ponoversary :)
@doug adams - wow, must've been nice (to see the museum). yeah those klipsch are really nice. am amazed they are still being made! @jerry - thanks for that link, didn't realise there such a big repository of material! in anycase it looks like after pono's efforts, everyone is jumping on the 'hires' bandwagon now. just read now that latest audio manufacturer meridian has announced mqa technology which will be featured in their upcoming products for 2015 > http://www.techhive.com/article/2866274/meridian-audio-s-mqa-technology-is-the-best-product-at-ces-so-far.html but not before ayre acoustics i assume, who has just announced their codex 1 external dac/amp with usb/spdif out which has features derived from the ponoplayer's design > http://www.digitalaudioreview.net/2015/01/ayre-acoustics-build-on-ponoplayer-with-codex-1-dacamp-at-ces-2015/
@jason chau have you checked the internet archive https://archive.org/details/etree you may not find your favorite although i find one of mine, the grateful dead. but you will find thousands of lesser known bands and some of them are quite good and the recordings at times are not stellar they usually are recorded in hi rez or at least the best the person recording had available. the files you download will be a choice of flac, mp3's and many others
#jason chau
@jason chau
@jason chau those klipsch are nice. brother owns the k horns. he made the trip to hope ar. to see the museum.  took some fascinating pics. sometimes i think the industry killed itself with all the 5" woofer bookshelf speakers. it is kind of like an acoustical version of an mp3. throw away the bass we don't need it.
@jerry totally understand where you're coming from - if you have analog gear and the space you can't really touch them. that said the la scala's actually cost less now. amazon sells them for around $3,500 for a brand new la scala ii, and if you go for a used one on ebay you can get one for around half that or less. i would say out of all the audio gear we've invested in over the years, the la scala's are probably the best ones we've made in terms of quality and reusability. i am actually currently (re)building up a new collection of music on hires. have acquired a number of discs/files already but it's not enough i find. still waiting for a number of artists/studios to release dsd quality stuff...
@jason chau well aware of how music is recorded unfortunately people wont pay for the quality music so it gets cheapened up i have three reel to reel tape decks, and when you want to listen to great music listen to the master tapes. i have music i had recorded live with equipment recorded at 30 inches per second and it is better than anything you will get as you said the master tapes. however. the tape is very expensive, does not last forever requires a lot of maintenance, takes a lot of space and not very portable. the ayre guy you mention does a good job of trying to bring good music back to digital but for great music listen to vinyl or analog tape and for 8 grand for your speakers they should sound good no matter what you do to them. unfortunately thats way out of my budget give me some ar speakers from the 60's or 70's and take the other 7500 dollars and go fishing.
@ jerry that is the real deal. my avl system is a much more basic manual system: wife goes out -pono goes on with the music blasting. i'm in my office next door to the sound system enjoying the moment.  when the volume dramatically reduces, i know my wife has returned home....
beautifully written, @jason. thanks for sharing that.
@rocky mountain way you seem to also enjoy being able to control your music. this project caught my eye. i have numerous audio systems from the 400 watt pioneer system driving my rock speakers in my back yard to other various systems i threw out the house. i currently have my own fm transmitter so i tune everything to 106.1 and i listen to what's streaming from my main stereo or my computer. nice setup and i can listen up to five miles away from my house. even the neighbors tune in and enjoy. but it does have its drawbacks like volume control. this looks like it may handle various volumes and sources and when you need to turn down volume like when the neighbor visits or the cops it's easy to lower it. specs look like it may handle some hi rez stuff but that would remain to be seen. my main amp is the hand made demo amp made by john koss who founded koss headphones that along with the esp 9 or 950 enjoy https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/696860425/waveblend-whole-house-audio
@jerry - actually i want to thank you for posting that link - i have as it happens, backed that project as well. not because of needing amplication for my pono (which i am already very happy with) but because i see it seems a worthy (and fun) project to pursue. i have other daps/laptops in the house which i use for music so for me it's an interest to see what gives the best results. the problem you mentioned about the sound quality is that you think it is just amplification. but it's more than that. placement of speakers is one thing, but as i've discovered speaker quality, connector quality and source quality are ultimate factors in improving listening pleasure. believe it or not you don't need a lot of amplification to get good sound, you just need them to be designed well. if you don't believe me i have a pair of horn-loaded klipsch la scalas which are designed based on this principle. the la scalas are some of the best speakers you can ever get and you don't need a lot of amplification to power them (1w, 8ohms). in fact all you just use to drive them is a small sized amp. i use a small headphone amp for mine, and the results are astonishin believe it or not. as well as being highly detailed it sounds like the artist is standing right in front of you when it plays. the presence and soundstage is immense... as for the quality of the pono, i think you've maybe misunderstood to what extent the efforts has gone into making it. not sure if you know but aside from the pono having seemingly better audio quality electronics (dsd etc.) than some of the other dap makers for 3-8 times the price ($1200 sony zx2, $2500 astell & kern ak240) it is contrary in my view, a very powerful player, pmw app included (jriver being an expert in the field of audio file quality and big supporter of the emerging flac/dsd/sacd format). charles hansen of ayre acoustics, the man behind the design of the pono's circuitry is an eminent expert in the field of digital audio. his company was one of the first to bring in audio-grade digital players for dvd & hires, and he has for years been an advocate for designing better sounding gear, notably regarding time-based jitter in sampling hires material. the reason 1bit dsd/dsf files are so important as source material to us is because they are literally the closest sounding source to the original master reel used by the studios, where nothing has been added/removed during the recording/editing process and where the full dynamic range of the recording as it was recorded has essentially been retained. when you downsample any recording to 16bit cd quality including using the pcm method you are in fact 'removing' many elements from the recording because you are reducing its dynamic range through extensive digitisation and resolution compression. this is why when we playback files at 24bits we tend to see more detail in the track open up compared to mp3s and cds. incidentally what i am describing is the standard by which pono is trying to advocate for true listening (and recording) quality. we still have a lot of hurdles to go through to improving sound quality from our existing (majority cd based) sources, but moving towards hires is the way forward...
@ jerry i  mainly listen to pono on a mid range onkyo amp with kef speakers. i have to admit that the same music played on the onkyo cd player sounds louder than the pono through the same amp ( volume 20 with cd player & volume 24 with the pono). i am totally ok with that - the pono certainly sounds clear when played loud.  all my sound systems have an avl- automatic volume limiter ( when my wife arrives home) and music becomes background musak - but that is another issue. the bottom line- am i totally happy with the pono ? - absolutely ! the sound is great. all music in 1 place. it has the cool factor. sure the battery could last longer. i tend to plug it in to the power whilst playing which works for me. i can't manage 5-hours on the headphones so it is not a problem for me. my perception is that it sounds softer & better since it has been played in & with the last software update. plus it has revived my enjoyment in music killed off by mp3. the bottom line is - it's not about the pono - it's about the music. how did i win over my skeptical brother-in-law? - i played music i knew he loved that he hadn't heard for years ( eric clapton 'just one night' actually ). now he is really keen.  be pono & enjoy.
@jason chau the suggestion was for an amplifier project listed on kickstarter it has nothing to do with speakers or the headphones heck just ask siltech how his silly red speakers sound when the amp does not have the power to drive them. they sound lousy he would even have to admit that. in fact he likley would not try to drive them with an under-powered amp for fear of damaging them they cost to much money even if you get them on ebay like he did. my headphones are etymotics they sound fine unless you want loud music like the rocky mountain guy then the output sucks i guess the issue is you have no idea what output is. your suggestions are meaningless as they have nothing to do with amplifying the music. fact is pono is not very powerful. best to listen to it when amplified. and the clown executive officer said pono was the best how can they make that better. listen to his music no need to say more. as far as an update would have been nice had the clown executive officer would of posted a link here on kickstarter where he abandoned 18220 but that dont surprize anyone does it. maybe oboogiee and siltech can squeeze over and you can fit in as well have a nice day
@jason, it's best to ignore him. he's not right in the head.
@jerry - poor output with the pono jerry? you must be kidding me. if you hadn't noticed the pono was recently updated with full dsd playback functionality. what does that mean? well it can playback files with resolutions higher than what you can find in a typical bluray player a la 1bit dsd 2.8mhz compared to 24bit/96khz. that places the pono in super high studio audio quality player territory (sacd quality and above ie. astelle & kern which typically costs over us$2k) and not just make it a mere mp3/ipod rival. to make a point, not even ibasso's dx50 can play back dsd files at 1bit (i know as i have tried - the best the ibasso could do was 24bit at 88khz). if you have a problem with what you 'think' is poor sound quality on the pono i suggest you either a) change your speakers and/or headphones to ones which are specifically hires compatible b) get hold of 24bit/dsd files as main source or c) convert your current music collection to uncompressed flac. with any one of these options you should be able to see much improvements in sound quality from the pono.
here is a headset amp for those who don't like the poor output of pono https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1746450443/uamp-soul-shaking-audio-for-your-ears…
you guys might also be interested in this recent kickstarter project i found called glow - they're laser-based glow-in-the-dark in-ear headphones! a perfect compliment i guess for the pono > https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/glowheadphones/glow-the-first-smart-headphones-with-laser-light
thought to share this info with you guys. this was a recent post from a pono user on computeraudiophiles.com - 'had an interesting experience at a small gathering of headphone enthusiasts (and pono skeptics) last weekend. one of the attendees had heard the player at ces with uerm, and come away quite unimpressed. but when he listened to the player with my noble pr (r mode), it was a completely different story. after some discussion, it was decided that the difference might be due in part to the player's output impedance (the uerm are notorious for having a funky impedance vs. frequency curve). so we measured it. and my unit has an output impedance of 4 ohms. which suggests that there are some headphones, especially low-impedance balanced-armature iems, that it will not drive to their optimum performance.'
@ido barzilay the blue light means nothing it is just a bit in the file tag get a tag editor and turn it on save your money
but all other hi res music stores will not light the blue led on my pono... and that blue light is everything...
there are other hi res music stores to buy from anyway. most of pono's stuff is cd quality anyway.
@ido brazilay just search plenty of pirated music available for common criminals
@ido brazilay just search plenty of pirated music available
as all of us outside of usa  can not buy hi res music from pono store, can you all be nice and  upload your music to kickasstorents or piratebay ....?
i'm sure you are right, @doug.
my guess is people grumped about having the player and not being able to access the music store. so pono decided to wait until the overseas music syore was ready.
siltech and boogie neil let both of you out at the same time?
ebay
100s listed? there are 15. nice try. goof.
@rocky mountain way can you buy from ebay hundreds of them listed
the pono website is now pono usa. i tried to buy another player and the delivery address is usa only and my non-usa credit card was not accepted. while i can understand that there are copyright reasons the music cannot be sold worldwide to exclude sale of the players to the rest of us  doesn't make marketing sense. it is disappointing for those of us that supported pono at the start are not able to spread the word.
way back in late january you will see that i was seeking tech support for a failed ponoplayer. finally called them a couple of times (australia to usa $$$) (thank you @alexander adema for the advice) and after a few more delays returned the original defective unit and received a loaner, albeit a yellow one in return for a black. anyway...another three weeks on i am still waiting for the promised  refund of the registered post charge, not such a big deal, but am also waiting for advice from pono as to whether the loaner is in fact a keeper or whether eventually they will ask for it to be returned, presumably with postage that again i will fund.  clearly, despite the colour, i just want the nightmare to end and try to enjoy the silly player. has anyone got any information on whether loaners are ultimately returned or pono just keep the returned and leave the loaners with the customer? yes ,i know there is a supposed "community" at the ponomusic page but frankly it seems to be populated mainly by audiophiles flexing their technical muscles and others endlessly enthusing over the sublime pono experience.seriously, some of those people must be on the pono payroll must't they? my questions there to date have gone unanswered whereas here i have received some solid advice. thank you again.
this looks interesting http://www.oppodigital.com/headphone-amplifier-ha-2/headphone-amplifier-ha-2-features.aspx may get myself one, it will drive the oppo pm1 headphones i purcchased for the pono which don' really get driven very well
finally, today arrives home my pono player!! thanks for all and still growing up! :d
hey, @shane! not in a while. he sent me a happy birthday email a couple of months ago. :-) glad you are doing well!
peace and love..........i love my pono, it truly is an enjoyable experience, i ain't no audiophile, bits this and bits that......but i thouroughly enjoy my pono. hiya o boogie, any sign of the crazy scot? siltech still doing good also, good stuff
@siltech i haven't converted any sacd to dsd yet. it requires a certain sony ps3 with a very low firmware number. there are services that will convert them for you. runs about $5 a disc. you can also use a sacd capable ps3 to output 24/88 pcm. firmware isn't important so there are more ps3 choices.
@jason, thanks. i think the suggestions you mentioned will correct my issues. i will try those steps tonight and see if it works. i use a mac and will also try the conversion s/w you suggested.  many thanks!
@pedro  i'm sure i think it would not do that they send. i also, from 2014/12, but not contact your support, support is just say, "as soon as possible to send", it will not be shipping still. my money i gave up and donated.
@jason  thanks.  that is just a completely perfect comment about how to add the dsf files.  your comments are consistently great.  keep it up. would have been helpful for pono to have included this info along with the firmware update.  thanks for being the backstop.  we need it
just a reminder for those who are having trouble adding the dsd .dsf extension format after the v1.0.5 update, you need to do a short manual update to the list of supported file types in your pmw app. simply connect your pono via usb, in pmw go to tools > options > handheld > files, paths & more and click on supported file types. at the end of the list simply add ;dsf to the list (including the semicolon) and click ok. when you sync your dsf files will now be recognised.
@mark turner - through a few means. one of the first is downloading them direct from sites like acousticsounds.com which offers them as dsf file downloads. on a mac you simply copy them into the music folder. folders must be created in this order with artist name > album name > flac/dsf content. once made, copying these over to the pono's music folders either on internal storage or the microsd manually should work. the other method is converting them from sacd isos. if you have the iso itself, running an app called iso2dsd by sonore you can convert the tracks easily to dsf format. as for the update, did you check that after ponoapp uploaded the update, to unplug the pono from usb and reboot it and allow it to complete the rest of the process?
how are you guys getting dsd files onto your pono? i haven't had any luck getting mine to play (i have the latest update)
@pedro, if you message me on the pono site (richheart or moderators) with your email address and the details of what you pledged for, i will look into this.
wrote to support@ponomusic.com three days ago giving you all my information and i still waiting your answer... and during this days you closed all my last tickets supports, what should mean this?
it must be made of solid gold.
how fucked up is this? http://gizmodo.com/dont-let-sony-charge-you-5x-more-for-a-premium-sound-1686749071
doug, how are you converting this?also, are you using a pc, or mac? thanks.
dsd sure sounds nice on the pono player. this increases the amount of hi res music by a good amount. have to see what all is available. need to convert my sacds to dsd. thank you pono for this update.
@pedro write to the support@ponomusic.com and send the email address you used on kickstarter to back the pono player. we'll try to help you find your pledge. it will help if you can send a copy of your email from amazon payments, notifying you of the charge from your account. best richard
guys! i have wrote ponosupport because i dont receive my pono player and they tell me that i'm not appear in his backer's list...  i backed this project on 14 april 2014, if you dont send my ponoplayer i want my money back :(
for anyone who has run out of space on their pono, here is a 128gb card going cheap http://www.amazon.com/dp/b00op2p0zo/…
@wc - you're welcome! folks, i've just found another dsd hires source for my fave artist elton john - acousticsounds.com! they also have a few exclusives there, including carpenters/dave brubeck and the only dsd recording ever of alan parson's i robot. definitely worth checking out! > http://store.acousticsounds.com/d/95378/elton_john-goodbye_yellow_brick_road-dsd_single_rate_28mhz64fs_download
thanks for the info @jason!
@rocky - you're welcome @alexander adema - on second thoughts i would suggest go with the hdtracks 24/96 flac version of the elton album. for some strange reason it seems like pono may have removed it since i last checked (16/44 version now only available)...
cheers jason. i have just installed the update and wow it really is better. i'm currently playing 'four strong winds' really loud. is it really better i ask my wife? even she agrees. the artwork is clearer as well. thanks for all your posts - really informative.
http://youtu.be/tu1y_sg4cz4
just reminding you folks that because of the latest pono dsd update, you can now download extremely high quality dsd64 and dsd128 files from sites such as eonkyo music and high definition tape transfers and blue coast records. there's a fully listed document here of dsd ready sites and gear > https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc… as such i noticed with playback on the pono with the new 1.05 firmware i swear the quality and imagery of my tracks has upped especially the bass. let us know if you found the same...
guys, just letting you know the crucially awaited dsd update for pono 1.05 is now available! https://ponomusic.force.com/ccrz__ccpage… from pono: ***alert: because of a previous issue (that is fixed in this firmware version), please remove your microsd card prior to downloading and installing this latest firmware update. after downloading the firmware update, to install, please eject your ponoplayer from your computer and unplug the micro-usb cable from your ponoplayer. ***
great comments, @jason. thanks!
a+ beautiful
hi guys, been reading some more great comments about the pono and issue of hires testing, this time from two other sources. let me quote you what they said: 'no matter which way you look at it, high resolution audio is making it’s way back. technology has improved, and consumers, ever-wanting of more, are fueling demands for studio-quality sound in portable form. it’s any wonder why the pono player has been a topic of conversation for a year and a big hit at ces 2015.' - stanley goodner, technology tell, 25th january 2015 'from cookie marenco to the audiophile community. apparently there are issues posting my comments to the david's followup piece. david pogue and i have exchanged emails where he offered to post the original email. i don’t see it and can only assume that yahoo has found it in violation of their  guidelines, although david has read the email and thought it would not be problematic to post. because thousands of passionate audiophile fans are discussing the issue of high resolution audio and looking for my original post (which can be found in a number of places on facebook if you search ‘audiophiles’), i have chosen to respond here one last time. i’ve opened a new account at yahoo for this post and truncated my note to the most pertinent parts of my email that discusses why the original test david made was flawed. this is a truncated version of what was written 2 days ago. david, my company sells high resolution audio. dsd files to be specific – albums are 2 -5 gigs in size. we are not looking for more customers at this time. we have enough of a growing audience that we are not looking for more. there is no simple way to do a good comparison test for audio. i’ve been hired to do them for more than 25 years. your method was somewhat akin to a guy on the street doing a lie detector test to determine someone's fate. it takes a professional to do a lie detector test or an audio comparison test. here’s why -- you were comparing apples and oranges... too many variables. apples... devices - output of devices are not the same sonically (meaning frequency response for instance and other colorations determined by taste of manufacturer). if you're testing the pono for quality as a device, then you should test with the same file and format (exact, not purchase from different sources) against another device like the iphone. oranges... the formats.. you must have reliable source material that was well recorded in the first place so that the frequencies of high and low (where high resolution audio matters) can be heard. most pop music of today is not suitable to compare formats due to low fi effect being used. there are a minimum of 6 stages where audio quality can be diminished before it hits the consumer. three of those stages occur after the artist/producer hands it over to the label. very few companies have access to music recorded well and control it to delivery. the playback device will not make better sounding audio than already exists in original recording. i suggest downloading free samples offered by reliable audiophile music labels for your format testing. i can help you set up a test... or better yet... i invite you to our studio to have us give you a listening test... not to convert you to high resolution audio, but as the technology reporter, a musician and journalist, i believe you sincerely want to report accurately to your audience. our studios are in the san francisco area. cookie marenco blue coast records' p.s. notice the words 'a big hit at ces 2015' on the top article on pono? if pono isn't good, why all the fuss? more curiously, why wasn't this positive reception reported in the other mainstream news outlets? answer: there are some people who don't want to see it succeed
@travisstyle which test ruled out poor craftsmanship? does your unit get warm/hot when charging could have a bad circuit board from excessive over heating of battery. my bet is its a hardware issue
yo silteach ;), ny&ch pono test bed... three (3) days ago this player "with headphones attached via headphone female jack hole - stopped.the screen showed (no headset cross out logo). the no head logo flipped back and forth a few times a second. the first test (switch the headphones attached cable input jack to the other "line in" female connector (solved the flipping headphone logo) played well / lower base levels... the second test (change the male input jack head to apple style multi mike & headphones) this started one short (no headset cross out logo) then the logo returned to full green circumpuct logo.  question: could this (no headset cross out logo) appearance be a bug in the software? the tests have ruled out poor craftsmanship assembly or weakened jack hole connection (ny&ch pono) is under minimal stress use & has been gently handled with care... aloha ps: great read here - http://www.showbiz411.com/2015/02/07/bob-dylans-full-musicares-speech-how-he-wrote-the-songs-a-master-class-must-read
@alexander, i would say the pono 24bit 40th anniversary version. this is very much the same version as the pcm 2ch bluray audio edition i have of the disc (which has been remastered). i also have the original two disc 16bit version. all i have to say is on the new remaster, the dynamics and soundstage are just so much better...
@jason: thanks for your post. i agree that on good recordings/masterings, highres definately adds to the music. but indeed only under the right prerequisites: good recording and good hardware capable of reproducing the needed detail and dynamics.  btw which (re)mastering of goodbye yellow brick road do you recommend? i read mixed opinions on most versions, including the hdtracks one, apparantly the master tape is not in very good shape.
* you're
your
o'boogie  i think you right.
jason, your comments are dead on.
jason
nice review, @jason. maybe if we ignore them, they'll go away, @siltech? probably not, but it is worth a try. so tired of this shite.
a question for all - if the pono is really that bad as the mainstream press says, then why has one audiophile equipment reviewer awarded it as one of their 'greatest bits' players? > http://www.audiostream.com/content/pono-player
@the grinch - er no, why do you say that?
@ jason - what you are saying is the pono truly sucks.
@alexander adema - the problem is not a lack of positive reviews (such as this one > http://forums.stevehoffman.tv/threads/pono-hands-on-review.393885/). the problem is that people don't understand when you come to use (and listen to) hires 24bit you must use quality equipment to get the best out of it (such as hires compatible speakers & phones) as well as a good source (not just a 16bit cd flac rip, although the pono makes it sound better also). it is akin to getting a powerful sports car but not using proper sports tyres/alloys for maximising the extra performance you would expect it to provide. most of the reviews i have read so far (including the recent yahoo one) are where people are not using hi res gear in their tests and most of the time only just using headphones! and that's why they think the pono is crap. because their source is crap. because their headphones/speakers are old or of a lower frequency response (not between 4-80,000khz demanded by hires), which means they are unable to process the extra data that pono is revealing to them. when you do (like i have) you will hear a massive difference. on a speaker set when you play eagles 'take it easy' (24bit 192) for instance you'll hear not just the tune open up, but accurately 'feel' the presence of someone literally standing there strumming a guitar. when you play elton john's signature album goodbye yellow brick road all the songs sound so much more 'present' (like harmony and i've seen that movie too) with the thumping of drums really kicking your ears. funeral for a friend on 24bit 96 on pono is a track everyone who thinks pono is crap must hear - it's a stonker! so much so that i would say that you should put it on your 'bucket list' if you are hifi fan - it really is something you have to experience (i can't put it in words). when kitaro's 'dawn/rising' (24bit 96) plays you hear an upper pitch and depth on the harmonics that is missed on sony's nw-a10 (which sounds muffled and metallic by comparison). when norah jones 'come with me' (24bit 96) plays, you'll hear like as if she is sitting there in the room just to entertain you with her band. the resolution is impeccable, so crystal clear. and as a self-confessed audiophile i've been listening for many years to know this. in any case why would i lie? it's not like as if i am getting anything out of this financial or otherwise other than sharing my joy and experience about this...
@siltech. fyi i have no qualms about the ponoplayer sound quality at all. if anything, i get a little recalcitrant from fanboys and girls that act like it's the best invention since stereo and go in attack mode on anyone who dares to make a critical observation. personally i'm satisfied with the pono sound, especially for portable use. at home, my trusty musicstreamer pro does a slightly better job to my ears even though it only goes to 24/96, but that's perfectly okay, i didn't buy it for driving my hifi system. the only problems i have with the pono player are navigating on the finicky touchscreen and its short battery life.
@siltech: if it had been a positive review i would have posted it as well. why are you and o'b so huffy about any critical notes on your precious ponos? but since you insist, on good audio equipment, my 5 year old dac still sounds better.
alexander, why are you posting this trolled crap review. with good audio equipment, you'll definitely hear a difference. please keep the crap off this site. one ebay dude out there, is enough.
ars technica reviewed the pono: http://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2015/02/pono-player-review-a-tall-refreshing-drink-of-snake-oil/
you should have a receipt, from your online pledge. also, pono probably has a record of mailed pono players.
hi guys, someone konws explain me how does the warranty works? i have not received the bill, is maybe necessary the serial number? thanks a lot
i'm in the same boat, and waiting for dsd. i'm pretty busy now, and haven't installed latest updates. go leafs, go.
@siltech not a record the team wants to set, i imagine. ouch, if they break the record. probably change coaches. teams always want to change coaching when a team hits a rough patch. have you done any of the pono player firmware updates? i haven't hooked mine to the computer yet. kind of waiting for the dsd update.
the video was made yesterday, and is awesome. the maple leafs have tied a franchise record of 10 losses in a row. the next game will be history, if they lose
@siltech that was an interesting video. are the maple leaf fans that down? only hockey team i watch is the blues. only once in a while. they haven't won much.
have been very happy with my pono player. it provides people a chance to hear highend sound quality for very little money. interested in the new earphones when available.
our beloved, toronto maple leafs, misery.https://m.youtube.com/watch…
very good point, @jason.
@tmh - that yahoo review is actually misleading. the reviewer says he uses a 'broadcast quality sony headphone' but if you look at the specs his headphones are not hi-res quality. > https://pro.sony.com/bbsc/ssr/product-mdr7506/ the headphones he uses has a frequency response of between 10-20,000khz. the in-ears that i have used in my tests have a response rate of between 5-25,000khz with the other headphone (sony mdr-1rbtmk2) rated at 4-80,000khz. of course he can't hear the difference! > http://www.sony-asia.com/product/mdr-1rbtmk2 > http://www.sony-asia.com/product/xba-a1ap
@keiichiro seida - non delivery? oh really? well i've had mine delivered since the start of december! > http://postimg.org/image/ham7ar99z/
@oboogie nothing scientific has been posted on this project since day one why would that change now.
yes
ah, yes, a highly scientific experiment. oh, wait. no, it's not. ebay. then find a new place to troll. thanks in advance!
still, it has not been shipped! ! haha ...
ebay
@the grinch well 15 unpaid listeners vs 100 paid musicians. seems like the unpaid people would be honest, and the musicians who might get more royalties would say anything for the money.
pretty damning article of the pono player again. kinda funny the one person who had already bought a pono chose the iphone in the blind test.  http://consequenceofsound.net/2015/02/neil-young-blasts-vinyl-resurgence-as-a-fashion-statement/
@siltech two new projects for you to check out 3dheadphones and paper thinspeakers https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2019287550/neoh-the-first-smart-3d-audio-headphones/description https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/richardhaberkern/speakers-thinner-than-paper-pvdf-piezo-film-techno/…
hi guys, someone konws explain me how does the warranty works? i have not received the bill, is maybe necessary just the serial number? thanks a lot
that's jerry. always classy. if by classy, i mean "pathetic."
o'boogie,  siltech see both of you are out must have been a big movement.
hi mr ebay
if you aren't buying, jerry, who cares? just sell it and move on already. i'm bored. right, alexander. sure. whatever. bye now.
@rick canedo what do they mean in the email? it makes no sense! i have no plans to ever buy from the pono site just trying to understand the bs email. hi jerry,  please insert the sd card, which is what music purchases will be downloaded and stored onto.  you can purchase and download additional music here - http://ponomusic.force.com/ please contact support@ponomusic.com if you are having additional issues.
o'b: i didn't hear him say that pono is the only way to get high-res. he probably tested the pono because no other player puts so much emphasis on high-res and uses so much creative marketing. also i didn't hear 'his opinion' on the pono at all, i heard the opinions of a number of people blind-testing it. that to me is more telling than the pre-convinced opinions of fanboys/girls. personally i think the pono sounds fine, but not any better than existing hifi products. my pcm1791 based dac for instance sounds a little better than the pono i think. but for a portable player it sounds fine, i just wish the touchscreen was better and the battery didn't drain so quickly.
hmmm. that guy seems to have some issues. apparently he thinks the only way to obtain high-res music is through pono? which is funny in itself. but you know, he's certainly entitled to his own opinion. i'm just glad i know enough to find out for myself and not believe reviews like that.
ouch https://www.yahoo.com/tech/it-was-one-of-kickstarters-most-successful-109496883039.html
@jerry: nice. i'm getting the ignore treatment again from support :) i guess they can only assist one person at a time.
@jerry, you can load up the internal memory with any music you like. when you connect the player up to a computer, the internal memory will show up as a drive and the sd card will show up as another drive. you can copy to either as you wish like any other drive.
and does that mean if you purchase music you can not put it on the pono thing just on the sd card?
help desk is right on the ball just try them they just recently answered a question i didn't even ask how nice of them. but then what do you expect hi jerry, please insert the sd card, which is what music purchases will be downloaded and stored onto. you can purchase and download additional music here - http://ponomusic.force.com/ please contact support@ponomusic.com if you are having additional issues.
@alexander  - and that amount of battery time is going backwards not forwards. the whole pono idea is a step back especially with much better players out there with better features and cheaper prices.
@jason chau i love mine, too.
@jason chau indeed the battery seems fairly easy to replace. however, be aware that in the teardown video its clearly not the first time he opens it. it does not open nearly as easily as it looks since it is glued together. the battery is definitely a weak point. on my limited edition, it failed to charge. on my loaner pono it works fine but the battery time is (imho) too short at ~5h max playtime.
thanks for the tear down link jason. nice to see the guts exposed and a fine commentary to go with it. personally, i wouldn't be opening mine up for home repair.  if the battery is dies get in touch with support and have your unit returned & fixed.  simples. in other news that i don't know yet... when is the euro pono store going to open?
@o'boogie - yes indeed. absolutely love mine! @guys - if you have problems with the battery why not just replace it yourself? better than leaving it unused or waste time/money going back and forth to the factory in china (which could end up being a costly exercise). according to the teardown here > http://mikebeauchamp.com/2014/12/pono-player-teardown/ the pono uses a normal 18650 3.78 li-ion battery. it should be to just swap it out...
so you guys really like it then?
@gsimon - i hear ya. my pono battery has died after very little use. it's just an expensive paper weight now. my sony is ten times better.
linus just slammed the pono player: https://www.youtube.com/watch… and i'd have to agree on all points. shame that it's nothing more than an expensive paperweight. here's hoping it will retain it's resell value as a collectors item.
in other news, tangerine dream's edgar froese has died at age 70 http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-30965708
@jim griffiths: it's not just you, mine was dead after a single discharge and i've heard more complaints about battery problems. in my experience, the support from the helpdesk can take weeks before you get any response so if you're limited on patience you should probably try calling them. support is not unwilling to help, but probably low on staff. in my case i have sent my pono in for repair and have received a loaner pono for the meantime. good luck.
@jim, call them. that's the fastest route. call 1-800-611-0580 (6:00am - 6:00pm pacific)
@jim, did you try to reset the pono ? press the round botton for more then 10 seconds  and then press it again for 3 seconds to turn the pono back on
i received my player mid december ,used it for about ten hours, probably through three charge cycles. now it's dead,won't start and charging makes no difference. wasn't dropped or otherwise damaged.i have contacted support three days ago and have had no response. has anyone else had their player fail in this way, and if so, how did support respond to requests for repair or replacement? jim
folks, i've just discovered a document from pono that suggests we need to 'burn-in' our players. though it doesn't mention within it, forum members have tested we need at least 10-20 hours of burn-in for our pono for the best effect. > https://ponomusic.force.com/servlet/filefield… @rick canedo - that's brilliant (coming from a proper review site)! as i have testified also, the pono is an amazing player. @lordmatsu - the playlist is created and accessed in the top left-hand most menu of the ponomusicworld interface where it also lists albums and artists. simply select playlist, and then add playlist.
great review of the pono at audiostream!!   on the pono player: "i'd say the pono team has hit one out of the proverbial park." http://www.audiostream.com/content/pono-player
@mark howard - what kind of cable are you looking for? for speakers, other gear or for pono?
im trying to find a cable for my sony str dn1040 amp. any ideas? the guy at the audio store was a complete plank and looked at me like i crapped on his lunch.
wow, very cool. krell, sonus faber, siltech sig, pass labs, ps audio, pioneer elite, luxman, dynaco, thorens, and pono.
@siltech - having grown up with luxman pd300/pd444s connected up to luxman c-05 & m-05 amps, luxman 5k50 & nakamichi cr-7 reference cassette decks with jbl lx-66 floorstanders using vandenhul banana cables i am certainly accustomed to listening to top quality gear. :) but if you insist this is my current setup: work setup: lenovo ideacentre b540p (running windows 8.1 with logitech squeezebox server and ponomusic) mac mini i7 server (itunes and squeezebox server) joyvirtue bp2040tw-2p speakers (1st set) klipsch lascala (2nd set-to be tested) logitech squeezebox touch (24bit ak4420 dac for flac comparison) teac cr-h500dnt cd receiver (main amp) joyvirtue vacuum tube jvd-5m (2nd amp-to be tested) synco silver plated speaker cables to teac amp hisago ofc speaker rca cables to logitech cairn tornado cd player (for cd comparison) definitive supercube reference subwoofer home setup 1: audio pro avanto 5.1 floorstanding speakers supra ply 3.4 speaker cables onkyo tr-sr705 amp pioneer bdp4-3120 bluray home setup 2: audio pro avanto s-20 main speakers with silver-plated cables (forgot the brand) teac ai-301da 24bit 192khz dsd (burr-brown pcm-1975) dac (main & headphone amp) cambridge audio cd-500se (for cd comparison) intel core i5 windows 7 pc running audacity with soundblaster z 24bit 192khz card (cirrus logic cs4398-czz dac) (for 24bit recording, flac conversion & playback) kumo sta-f008 optical cables oyaide solid core pc-occ-a airspace coaxial cable sony ps3 via optical to soundblaster z & teac dac (for bluray & dsd/sacd playback) hires players: pono player with philips 3.5mm phono cable on line-out to teac amps sony nw-a10 line-out using philips cable ibasso dx-50 with included coaxial cable to teac dac. line-out using same cable as pono/sony logitech squeezebox touch (for 24bit/16bit/mp3 comparison) apple iphone 5 (for mp3 comparison) macbook pro 15" line-out to headphone, optical out & usb to teac for flac/mp3 running ponoplayer & itunes headphones: sony mdr-r1btmk2 (hires) sony xba-a1 (hires inear) akg q701b technics rp-f880 marshall minor inear denon ah-c260r inear bonnaire mx-101b inear ggmm nightingale inear audio-technica ckm500i inear other headphone amps/dacs: fiio e17 smsl sap-4s smsl sd-1955+ test sources: elton john goodbye yellow brick road original cd (16bit 44khz) elton john goodbye yellow brick road bluray audio 5.1 edition (24bit 96khz) dire straits brothers in arms original cd dire straits brothers in arms jvc k2hd 20bit cd dire straits brothers in arms 5.1 24bit sacd (24bit 96khz) eagles hell freezes over original cd dave grusin mountain dance original cd joe sample rainbow seeker original cd kitaro best of 10 years jvc k2hd 20bit cd mike oldfield tubular bells ii original cd peter gabriel so original cd peter gabriel so 25th anniversary deluxe cd pink floyd dark side of the moon original cd issue pink floyd dark side of the moon 5.1 30th anniversary hybrid 5.1 sacd (24bit 96khz) porgy & bess original cd sting best of fields of gold original cd tsai chin old songs hybrid sacd (24bit 96khz) neil young 24bit 192khz flac (from pono) eagles 24bit 192khz flac (from pono) from the results i've tested so far along with my audiophile expert dad, we can attest that the pono is a bloody good player for the money! it is literally, a portable hires dap you normally should find in your listening room, in the palm of your hands for around 1/3 the price of a normal dap like astelle & kern. okay it doesn't have a coaxial digital out like the ibasso (which has allowed its to lose definition and expression of dynamic range on certain tracks when played through a dac amp particularly at 192khz) but it is a really fantastic player. music sounds rounded and musical overall on the pono compared to my cd players, and compared to the sony dap i have, the music sounds more open on mid and upper ranges and less 'metallic/clinical' and constrained. as a big fan of music listening i highly recommend it...
@jason chau: if you are comparing an original cd master with a hi-res remaster then i am not surprised that the difference is astounding. but if you downsample the hi-res remaster to 16bit/44khz (using some noise shaping perhaps), it will sound pretty close to the hi-res version and not so much like the original cd. and i don't say it's not be audible when downsampled, but for the vast majority of people, the resolution will not be the weakest link that limits the sound quality. but lets not argue, i am a big fan of hi-res music so maybe i was playing devil's advocate? it keeps the mind flexible :) i love hi-res music and yes on a good hifi it makes a very noticable difference, although a good mastering makes even more difference. getting labels to master better and use more dynamic range and less compression, would be the best. because the small dynamic range of most albums is not limited by the format but by the mastering.
@jason chau it's sound like you have a awesome sound system. can you tell us your setup, speakers, cables, source, amp, preamp? also, external dacs, turntable, and mains conditioning, if  applicable. thanks.    long live pono.
how the hell do you add playlists?!  this ponomusicworld is overly complicated
@alexander - actually there is a big noticeable difference between them of not just '1% dynamics'. and i am also referring to having a piece of serious hifi kit and/or headphones at hand (i have dacs, amps, the works). as i stressed they need to be 'hires/24bit compatible', particularly headphones - otherwise you will miss the point of having a pono. i have both the original 16-bit cd and 24-bit versions of elton's album and trying it with a range of speaker/phone setups including having a pair of sony's new mdr-r1btmk2 and xba-a1 over and in-ear hires headphones along with pono i stress you can actually hear a huge difference between the two. listen to the 17th track 'harmony' for example. there isn't just better bass in the 24bit version - when the drum hits, there is actually a wall of air being pushed into your ears. and with the new resolution you get an overall musicality with the song you don't in the 16-bit version. everything is more defined and sounds more involving. it's like as if the song sounds totally different... if there is a bad point i wish to make about the pono, it is that compared to some other players on the market it is currently missing a digital output socket, which i believe is a key difference for serious listeners. listening to the ibasso dx50 which i also have (on both amp and headphone setups), i would say both the dx50 and pono sound very good on both headphones and amps. but when it comes to play files rated at 24bit/192khz, the dx50 sounds much better on the digital coaxial out than it does pono - (bass dynamic and ambience is much much wider), but fairs poor on headphones compared to the pono. i understand the pono is designed as it is marketed for a more 'general' users than 'audiophiles' but nonetheless it is something it should consider in the near future...
the grinch must have a sub par system
@ alexander- you are right, the difference between 16 and 24 is not noticeable. hope you all kept your cds.
do you remember her name? i think i no her.
@siltech i have to say that i struggle to hear the difference between cd & hi res. so saying i certainly get that bigger sound stage with the pono which is fantastic. my ears are more sensitive to that compressed sound of poor music where they start to hurt a little. maybe it is from a george thorogood/santana concert i went to a few years ago with my brother-in-law. three drummers & far too loud. also the roughest concert i have ever been to with gangs, bikers & unsavoury people everywhere. we were close to the front & this rather rough & stoned woman came into our row & sat on his knee. he was speechless. a too loud concert  and  me chuckling next to him....
@alexander ade... i hear a pretty big audible difference on my system. i hear bigger soundstage, dynamics, separation, and realism. i always try and get, best audio playback source material. i agree on average systems, little or no difference. most cost effective way to hear audible difference, is with headphones.
.. and that is on a serious hifi system or decent headphones. on anything less than that, you would probably have trouble telling a difference between 16bit and 24bit altogether, assuming all other factors like recording/mastering/volume are the same. try it by downsampling a 24bit track to 16bit and abx'ing them. you'll find the difference is not so staggering.
@jason, in my experience, the difference between 16 and 24 bit is far from 'staggering'. assuming the same recording, mastering, volume, etc, its just barely possible to tell them apart. recording and mastering make the real difference, 24bit is maybe that last 1% of extra dynamics. even a slightly better recorded or mastered 16bit version of something would easily beat a slightly less well recorded 24bit version of the same thing. i like hires because there's no good reason to settle for less, but truth the told the difference in sound is pretty marginal, even in audiophile terms.
@rick,  let's all start a petition for bobby to shave his beard! should be some good shows:)
great news, @rick! @jason, great review.
great comments jason chau!  couldn't agree more! for deadheads out there, huge announcement today!  rejoice! reuniting for a concert. https://www.yahoo.com/music/exclusive-grateful-dead-to-reunite-jam-with-trey-108265251006.html
just read this interesting article, that mentions the idea of pono player had been in development and researched for at least 10 years from its original conception. > http://www.icloudmobilemedia.com/i/443264 as a backer, reading various sites about how dacs and such are developed (which requires an extensive knowledge of electronics and audio; how to handle signal conversion, circuitry design, signal quality, interference stability and noise removal etc), i am glad (and heartened) to say that it seems pono is ahead of the hires music race. even for hifi giant sony, (of which i have tested their latest new players) the ponoplayer's sound quality beats them hands down. all i can say is the soundstage and definition on a pono is cleaner, wider, deeper, more rounded, more involving than the sony and ultimately more musical. it is the best player i have heard yet. i cannot stress enough, but the source material and hardware (whether headphone or speaker) used is incredibly important. just go and download elton john's goodbye yellow brick road 24bit version on the pono store and you'll see what i mean - the difference between a 16bit and 24bit recording (if done well) is staggering, as everything will sound more meaty and full, and the bass more punchy. on extremely good files, the kbit level could be up to 3k! meaning plenty of sound data to be unravelled! also using your existing gear (ie. headphones if they aren't hi-res compatible) won't do your pono justice as i have discovered...
i just wanted to say that despite initially taking a long time to respond to my support request regarding my non-working pono, they have picked it up very well. they have sent me a loaner pono while my pj pono goes back for repair, and will also reimburse the shipping costs of the return. support was very helpful and accommodating once i got a hold of them. just thought i should share this, since i was initially critical about pono support. thanks pono!
glad you are enjoying your ponos and grados, @dewar.
@siltech maybe your mama o'boogie will let you talk. did you see these kickstarter projects and your opinion. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/mglintzer/adicon-analog-to-digital-converter-for-hifi-enthus/description https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/analogartistry/leo-vintage-analog-sound-from-any-modern-device
spending some quality time with one of my pono players and my grado bushmills this evening.
yawn.
@siltech unfortunately time will likely tell that people want hi-rez  but not at the prices on the farce site you appreciate good sounds but i suspect you would have to agree that most people will not tolerate being over charged for it likely pono will last about a year and vanish to many other sources available and more coming this project was just to get money
time will tell.
@siltech i think the player got launched, everyone got their kickstarter reward, put in their 2 cents (some more) and the novelty wore off.  haven't seen much more action on the sanctioned board either. hopefully the sale of the product through bricks and mortar will spur on the official board, if it doesn't i don't hold a lot of hope for the business model, they need more than 12,000 kickstarter contributors to keep the music store operating.  especially as many of us cant buy from the store due to geoblocking (and wouldn't anyway as most of it seems to be ripped cds)
ebay is back, yes.
@siltech pulled out for some fresh air???
anyone know how to manually update the player software. not via the ponomusic world software.
@tmh what's going on?
it's working siltech, just getting very quiet around these parts
test
@ian does the music farce site allow you to search for that info maybe post a link to it such a shame neil has that info hidden over thier and not posted here
btw, thanks ian
interesting article on dsd coming to pono http://www.stereophile.com/content/neil-young-pono-here-dsd-come and an interesting comment on the inclusion of cd as hi res!! "note as well that young has stretched the definition of high-resolution to include red book files recorded at 16/44.1, and sold as such."
@ian does the music farce site allow you to search for that info maybe post a link to it such a shame neil has that info hidden over thier and not posted here
btw. we sent the info to john after he published his initial review which had a few things missing. including the correct information about gapless playback and balanced mode operation.
@tmh do not use a splitter for balanced mode. the information you need is in the tech sheets in the knowledge section on the pono site. we have answered this question many times over the past months.  best i i don't post here any more, only posted this because i just don't want anyone to damage their player through lack of knowledge of where the accurate information is available.
@tmh looks like it would only work for a few few people those that have four ears. obviously what  he likely meant was to send one plug in to the right ear anyone tote left ear. on the same set of earphones.  seems like it would just make more sense to use an amplifier. i think only siltech has four ears but not even sure about that!
saw an interesting article http://www.digitalaudioreview.net/2014/12/dars-favourite-bits-of-2014-part-2-5-1/ it mentions balance out to give more power to headphones can any techi person advise how i achieve this?  do i get a splitter plug the 3.5mm headphone plug into the splitter and then a left and right 3.5mm mono plug into my pono? thanks since my review was published on christmas day, hansen and i have bounced several emails back and forth. he’s somewhat determined that i let readers know about its balance output mode – connect one pair of headphones to each of the two 3.5mm output sockets and bingo, you’re up and running with 4x the single-ended power output. that’s good news for owners of higher-end cans.
great, and thanks.
i'm well, siltech. you? oh, jim. bless your little heart. it must be difficult being you. good luck.
@jimhumphry whilst i don't dispute the comments about a number of participants being stuck in a rut (one in particular which gets the others going) using the board to rail against the 1% is in my mind even more redundant as the continued whinging about the underlying product (at least that is on topic) there are lots of other places on the web to complain about inequality back on topic, for those that are unable to buy from the pono store, a few more pono releases have appeared on the common torrent site.  if you cant get em legally, there are other means
like shootin' fish in a barrel........
@o'boogie i hope your having a great day. �
zzzzzz
what a fascinating analysi ... zzzzz. oh, wait. sorry. fell asleep. just because i comment here doesn't mean i don't do anything to help the world. don't make assumptions and just mind your own business. thanks in advance. bye now!
@jim humphry i guess your comparing steinhafel to young i put them both in the clown executive officer category neither one should be a ceo but it's always nice to see your same old stuff as well have a nice day how is your pono working mine is subpar and as expected
jerry, and siltech and o'boogie, to name a few.     when i come back to this site after a week or so and see the same old, same old, and very little of value or unbiased information about this magic little tool we've all recently started using, it makes me think that you have either slipped into a closed loop that you don't see and can't escape, or that you really don't get it that the world is becoming increasingly f@#^%d up and that it could seriously use some of the energy that you obviously educated members of the middle (or higher) class are wasting on re-hashing the same tired 'thoughts'.   (ebay).    what about the obscenely growing gap, (since 2009 for f's sake when the rich and powerful nearly brought it down on our heads) between the compensation to the bosses and the workers. targeting steinhafel. gregg steinhafel, who stepped down as ceo of target in may, following a massive credit-card data breach, receiving retirement plans worth more than $47 million. when he joined target in 1979, the company offered generous retirement programs, so generous for executives that it included a deferred compensation plan that paid a guaranteed 12% interest. that's quite a contrast with the average target employees' retirement plans. steinhafel's total package is 1,044 times the average balance of $45,000 that workers have saved in the company's 401(k) plan. in addition, steinhafel, a 35-year target employee, received a $7.2-million cash severance payment and $4.1 million from vested stock awards when he left at age 59. this was on top of the more than $20 million in cash salary and bonus he earned over the prior five years and $56.4 million in realized equity gains over the same period, according to company filings. ceo compensation at large u.s. companies was 204 times higher than the pay of workers on average in 2013, up 20% since 2009, according to data compiled by bloomberg.
@siltech i see you crawled out of neils butt, before you go back in could you ask about the defective battery issues. i know you wouldn't think twice about selling this junk on ebay, but i don't sell things that don't work. besides ebay is flooded with these things have a nice day and enjoy
@doug adams put it on charger and it showed half full after about an hour but feels a bit warm guess it must have a defective charging circuit will have to try calling the clown tomorrow what a joke this is
http://www.theverge.com/ces-2015…
ebay
my pono music player runs a lot longer than 59 minutes on a full charge. believe  most pono users get to listen longer. @jerry there may be a problem with your charger or player.
the rest of us
jerry, ebay your pono player, and give the rest of of a break.
@tmh looks like a super unit cant wait to see it the new king of hi rez audio i suspect. meanwhile have had a great (ha ha) experience with my black pono let it fully charge and loaded with hi rez music files hopped on a two hour plane ride to atlanta and the battery died half way threw the flight. stellar performance for 59 minutes then dead battery. what a joke this thing is
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand i just realized i doubled up on the posting of demetri
sony has a new hi-res player out http://www.cultofandroid.com/71102/sonys-new-walkman-will-cost-macbook-air/
pono's inspiration at work. http://www.theverge.com/2015/1/5/7493145/new-sony-walkman-zx2-ces-2015
@o'boogie, interesting ks. wish them luck.
is there anyone out here that dont need his pono bamboo box ? i did not get my pono in a bamboo box and i realy want one. i will pay for the shipping cost (paypal) if you are going to throw your bamboo box, please contact me  ido@tase.co.il thanks
@doug, i like the skull socks: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/freakerusa/freaker-feet-127-usa-made-sock-designs…
curious how many 1st time kickstarter backers are backing other projects here?
sorry about the double post. this site still hates my tablets. happy listening everyone.
@dave friedman seriously?
glad most people are enjoying their pono players. pono extending their upgrade promise to people buying a player by january 31 is a nice touch. 2015 is going to be a great year for recorded music. enjoy it.
glad most people are enjoying their pono players. it really is a remarkable sounding machine. the pono music store is improving each day. happy pono extended their free upgrades to people buying a player by the end of january. 2015 is going to be a banner year for recorded music.
@dave, my late grandmother had several strokes. i'm not making light of it all. i apologize if i offended you or seemed insensitive.
@oboogie  please don't make what you think are lighthearted and clever comments about having a stroke.  its completely insensitive to those who have faced and endured that devastation.
the more i use my le ny pono player the more i love it. took a bit to learn how to transfer upload, add to my library but now have a good grasp of the unit and pono music world. very happy now.
@asbjorn. i wouldn't worry too much. cd's downloaded to the pono sound great. hi res also sounds good but on my mid-market equipment it is hard to tell the difference. the key to pono is to play it loud. that is when the clarity really shines through. plus exchange rate,visa charges, government taxes makes it all quite dear. you will really want to choose which albums to buy and if you are like me you already have them as a cd anyway. currently listening to crowded house as the sun goes down on a lovely south pacific day. lg ( life is good!) enjoy!
have been enjoying the ponoplayer for some weeks now, but i miss to be able to test the player with pono qualitiy digital music (hires) except one neil song. hope music in the store will able in norway soon.
oboogie more of your medical advice sorry no stroke. didn't know know double posts indicated a stroke. not sure why things sometimes get posted twice maybe the internet liked that post. bla bla bla pono
oboogie more of your medical advice sorry no stroke. didn't know know double posts indicated a stroke. not sure why things sometimes get posted twice maybe the internet liked that post. bla bla bla pono
oboogie more of your medical advice sorry no stroke. didn't know know double posts indicated a stroke. not sure why things sometimes get posted twice maybe the internet liked that post. bla bla bla pono
@alexander adema likely put it in a heating pad for a few hours would soften the glue and it damage anything. let us know how they resolve your issues
@alexander adema it's a disposable society which is a bit surprising with neil always yapping about environmental issues. guess it's all about the money so righteous bla bla bla pono
why are you posting that over and over, jerry? are you having a stroke? might want to seek medical attention.
oboogie so you work and at your work you edit copy and between the copy you go internet surfing and post on websites etc, most employers would call that stealing time and fire you for that. of course you may be self employed and then i guess it wouldn't matter.
i didn't persue further opening it because i felt if i would pry/wedge any harder it might damage the 'chrome' plastic. and because it may void warranty which i will probably need :)  it's good to know though that the battery is fairly easily replacable by a standard model, with upto 5000mah versions being available. all they would have needed to do to call the battery replacable was to close the device with screws instead of glue. i wish they would have, i don't like it when devices are designed to be disposed of when the battery goes bad after a few years of use.
@jerry i've been carefully prying a guitar pick in my pono and pretty sure i could get it open that way but it would maybe cause a little chipping on the edges. in that video it's obviously not the first time he opens it up, the first time probably requires some more wedging to get the glue to loosen up.
i totally understand that, @alexander. i hope they get you sorted and fast. i'm sorry it has been such a trial. be sure to make them call you back! i agree you shouldn't have to pay international long distance to resolve an issue they created.
o'boogie: yeah i will probably call them tomorrow, since today is a bank holiday. i just got a little irritated with the lack of response from the e-helpdesk after getting a dead unit and vented it here.
oboogie so you work and at your work you edit copy and between the copy you go internet surfing and post on websites etc, most employers would call that stealing time and fire you for that. of course you may be self employed and then i guess it wouldn't matter.
@alexander, you asked what i do with my time. i explained. i have no issue with you at all. i just want you to get your issue sorted. good luck to you.
o'boogie: i'm actually quite nice to people who don't condescend me. i could tell you about my job but i'm not sure what the relevance of that is here.
i, not o. i really shouldn't try to post from my phone.
@jerry, while i agree that talking to people like you is very hard work, i dont need to be paid. i believe in the project. i also have a real job where o make money. music is a hobby. thanks for your continued interest, however.
oh, teeny-tiny alexander. you really are an arse, aren't you? you see, i have this thing called a "job." i sit i front of a computer all day editing copy. between projects, i check in and try to help people here if i can. the fun part is that most of them can follow instructions. it's neat!
bliadhna mhath ùr, everyone!  slàinte mhor a h-uile là a chi 's nach fhaic!
did anyone get the date for the ipo
oboogie such a shame they wouldn't let you be a moderator and they don't pay you money, so you work for them for free. they have plenty of money you really should be paid. next time you come out of the hole ask neil to pay you.
o'boogie. if you don't get paid to be here, does that mean you spend hours here every day being a condescending b**** to random strangers because you have nothing better to do with your time?
correction: some help, not done help
@tom obrien https://ponomusic.force.com/ccrz__ccpage…
bless your heart. i'm not paid a cent by anyone at pono. i'm just tired of your moaning and your refusal to take any suggestions and help solve your own problem. you appear to have trouble following instructions. here's hoping you get done help with that personal issue in 2015. @doo, great news! if you try to help yourself, all kinds of wonderful things happen! ;-)
each pono pledge included "a website thank you". where can these be found?
disappointed customers giving negative feedback is unavoidable. customer service representatives and paid online representatives reacting in abrasive and insulting ways towards such customers is a good way to kill a product/company reputation. yes o', that is you.
@hope clary iphone six vs pono heard that with a few tweaks and maybe a piece of hardware the iphone 6 may be able to play the hi-rez. figure apple is watching pono music farce to see what to do next. launch their own hi-res or buy pono time will tell bla bla bla pono
@hope clary yes i am looking for perfection you and others were not and that is what you got second rate service and broken promises. who was this project ayer, jriver yes one should of got perfection. but i am waiting for the burn in process to do its thing. not sure what you mean by bata i am glad you like it better than what you had. everyone has different equipment in your case pono is better than what you have in my case it is not so far. as far as tech support at best buy i don't see them much better than the pono tech support and i have never bought any stereo equipment from best buy. a camera, a cheap tv, maybe a coffee maker, part for a computer. maybe a patch cord or a wii for one of the kids. i guess i would have to see what best buy carries then i might understand how much people are raving about pono would make more sense. from what i understand the forum on pono music farce is a jumbled mess but i plan on going over to sign up and see. but last i heard you could not search for anything and the only thing worth reading is something called the bathroom floor. and i also have heard they are heavily censored so they likely won't take any questions or criticism of pono or niel their was a forum started by some music pirates but i think it is closed down now as well. anyhow have a happy new year. and enjoy your bata pono bla bla bla pono
lol @mark turner.
@mark turner!  have a great and safe new years everyone!
@jason chau i thing you got my missing sd card...... i was supposed to get a card with 2 eagles albums  but insted i got nothing... my pono arived without an sd card.... and no mater what i try, i cant get any support help from pono.... any chance you can send me the files...?
@jason chau - thanks for your suggestion. yes, the firmware update was one of the first things i tried. however, my problem is clearly a hardware issue - the screen just keeps jumping around by itself. my suspicion is a defective touch screen interface, the unit acts as if some phantom finger is randomly pressing buttons all over the place. for example, if i leave it alone, it might start playing a song and then stop playing after a while; in the options menu it'll randomly open some menu items and then close it... the biggest issue is that when i initiate file transfer, it cancels the file transfer mode before i can get a file or two transferred to the unit. @jerry and @o'boogie and all other fellow backers - i actually have good news to share already! after posting my previous comment here i sent an email back to brendan (i was told during my call earlier today that he wasn't in the office today) expressing my disappointment with the phone service and pointing him to my comment here on kickstarter, and asking him to please send me a replacement unit with a tracking number or call me back asap. to my surprise, a few hours later i get a call from brendan who apologized that it was his fault for forgetting to send out the replacement unit 12 days ago, and that he would make sure it goes out on friday, the earliest date possible since it is new year's day tomorrow, and that he would overnight it so i get it on monday. brendan was very apologetic about the mishap and was very courteous on the phone, and this helped reverse a lot of the negative impressions i got so far as he went out of his way to make the call on new year's eve, from out of the office. while the ride so far was bumpy, i would like to give credit where it's now due. i'll keep everyone posted regarding the replacement and return process. i'm glad i'm getting positive outcome now. very excited to be able to finally give this unit a spin soon. best of luck to others who are still having customer service issues... happy new year everyone!
@mark turner nice is neil still upset about the "purely poisonous predator" remark? bla bla bla pono
@jerry i got the pj player & it's better than my cd's my stereo & yes my iphone 6. i haven't heard any other player sound this good. i had no issues with the 800 number. but most of my questions have been answered in the pono forum. since we're bata if you log in there you have access to everything, because we're bata. imo jerry you shouldn't have backed the pono project if you're looking for perfection out the gate, as you appear to be! this is a first launch, and everyone who decided to back this project knew, if they read.. that this was the bata launch. if you purchased it through best buy you would have been happier as their techs could have easily assisted you, even for an exchange or a return. however you opted to enter a bata launch. fyi my single neil young song was loaded in the pono, all my additional music is on the chip. happy new years, cheers
@hope clary vent all you want however i don't think your estimation of time is very acurate. calling 800 numbers, i do that a lot usually it's a hour or two of getting someone on the line to resolve the issue. going threw level one, then level two then getting to a supervisor who might be able to do something. keeping them from hanging up is always a good trick. no it takes a lot less time to write a comment or to send an email. besides as slow as these clowns are they usually do reply to the emails, they however usually don't solve anything. i am sorry that you deal with the idiots all day long, do you also work at pono headquarters? i take it you are comparing the pono to the iphone in that case i would agree pono is hands down a better sound. but that is not my benchmark so the jury is out in my opinion. did you get a limited edition or a plain black or yellow. i got a black one and should have gotten more than one song. the one i got did not impress me of course i don't care for his music anyhow. only backed this for a new player as my old portable will not work with new windows 7 or 8 computer. hopefully this player will work out even though it has so many shortcomings compared to my old player. enjoy your pono and your new year bla bla bla pono
another point for pono users - don't format the card except using the pono. i discovered my minisd was preloaded with music, in this case two eagles albums and one of neal's tracks (in hires of course).
dear pono sales support - having been an earlier backer, i never received my pono having paid for it, given the right address.  i have been in touch with your aftersale/customer support for two months to no avail.  i keep receiving some generic messages promising a follow up but nothing.  you have all my details, proof of no delivery attempts (cctv backing) despite ups lies.  your lack of follow up is disconcerting and really upsetting given the money paid when the project was launched.  can you please once and for all solve this issue? i am willing to pick it up in person from your office in california.  so it is not an issue of motivation as i really want my pono!
@doo sik lew - about your ponoplayer, have you done the firmware update? i thought mine was too until i did this. what you need to do is a) remove the included minisd card from ponoplayer and b) download ponomusic world app from the ponomusic.com website onto your pc/mac and install. once that has finished, connect your pono to the computer using the usb cable. your pono should then flash asking yes/no to upload music and also a firmware update (latest is 1.0.4). once that is done, place the minisd back into the slot and allow it to reprocess. that should make it playable. just a note for all users, the pono has a battery indicator built-in to the player (not noticed at first). it is a thin green line that runs along the top of the player's screen, the length indicating battery life. as you play it will run down, eventually turning to red when low. it will also flash when charging.
everybody should know by now that jerry is really david crosby.
p.s. well said, hope. i've been saying this for a long time. prepare for him to never, ever stop complaining. it's always the same few people, too. boring.
hi, graeme! happy new year!
@jerry no problem with complaints when they're valid!! being lazy & not taking positive action for the avenues provide to someone makes me really annoyed! i deal with idiots all day long who can't take instruction or take the time to read. so i call out stupidity when i see it!! the pono player is meant to do what my iphone scream reads... "music is freedom" i take offense to people who bash something they don't call an 800 number to get fixed or email the support email that has been given on numerous occasions. i happen to love the sound of my pono player & i'm happy i signed on to do this bata run. the time it takes to write a complaint here is far more than calling the 800 number or making a support email. people should only complain if they have taken action toward a resolution imo. venting just as you have, i'm also allowed that right!! hope
oboogie such a shame they are leaving without fulfilling all the promises they made. have they made any progress on the pono music farce site or is it still a jumbled mess that can't be searched? guess i'll have to go check it out imagine it will be easy to upset folks on it likely all lemmings! are you leaving as well? or is neil paying you to hang out here? bla bla bla pono
scottish mchogmanay mccheers to our mcpono folk.... hoping you're all enjoying! and a special new year mccheers to mcboogi, mcshane & mced.... not forgetting mctecsil hoots mon!
final kickstarter update, actually!
new update!
call, not cal*
we won't tell everyone to stop complaining. we tell you to stop complaining because it is all you have ever done here. from day one. @alexander, apparently you are unable to read? call the main number and ask them to call you back or ask to skype. skype is free. but surely you know that? ffs. you are making this far more difficult than it has to be. @doo, you'll get it resolved. cal and be a nuisance. the squeaky wheel gets the oil. except if you are jerry.
@doo sik lew so sad but don't worry several people here will tell you not to stop your complaining. looks to me you have been very patient and would start contacting someone to consider legal recourse. chances are that will get you no place as they will claim that donation thing. you might try your credit card company slim chance but worth a call. maybe posting your issues on twitter and facebook. of course we know reporting to kickstarter will get no results you should file claim anyhow hit the button on the bottom of the story page. good luck and keep us posted to the response you get.
@murray kerr originally they promised more guess that was one of thier broken promises. @chris tashjian: unfortunately not. the sampler won't be on all ponos. but we will have a couple of nice tracks on the yellow and black players, at least one from neil, so you can enjoy hi-res music right out of the box. apr 9 2014 on update #22: important info about the stretch run of our kickstarter from the project pono music - where your soul rediscovers music.
the product came - this is a good start for a kickstarter funded project! the packaging and product look great - nicely done! however, my player is defective out of the box and i cannot use it. happy to elaborate here on the forum if anyone is curious about what exactly is wrong. at any rate, i email support asking for a replacement and return of the broken unit. this was dec 6. on dec 19 (13 days after my original email and after a few in-between emails saying they are working on it) the customer service supervisor brandon responds saying i'll be sent a replacement unit with a prepaid return shipping label, he just needs a confirmation of my shipping address. great news! so i email back immediately with my address and phone number awaiting a confirmation of shipment and/or tracking number. several days pass, i email again, no response. i email yet again, no response. it is now dec 31, 25 days after i received my defective ponoplayer and 12 days after i was promised a replacement unit, and i have no player and no news. so i call the support line, and am greeted by a rep who, upon taking my name, looks up the files, pulls up my case, and proceeds to ask me what exactly is wrong with the unit so she can file a claim. so let's recap. i'm asked what is wrong with the unit so she can file a claim, 25 days after i file my original email claim detailing what is wrong with the unit, 12 days after i am promised a replacement by the supervisor. it's like being kicked back into square one in this whole month-long support process. i try to explain to her i was promised by brendan (who she confirmed was the manager of the customer support team) by email that i was already promised a replacement unit with a prepaid label. so, the rep says she'll have brendan call me back and tries to wrap things up, but only when i press harder to get some sort of a guaranteed call-back date (since i've already been waiting for 25 days), she grudgingly asks for a phone number. how was she going to have anyone call me back without a phone number on file? all throughout this process, from beginning to end, with terrible attitude and tone in the voice. really a poor customer service experience both by email and phone so far. summary - 1) ponoplayer comes defective and unusable out of the box. poor engineering or quality control. 2) email support exists but is very slow and unresponsive. 13 days after the original inquiry, i get an email saying i'll be sent a replacement unit. 3) 12 days after that promise and 25 days after my original inquiry, i have no further communication from pono or a replacement unit in hand. 4) phone customer service is unprofessional, disorganized, and unhelpful. 5) after 25 days, i am still stuck with no resolution in sight and in limbo as to whether i'll ever receive a working unit.
according to update #46 "every ponoplayer will include one free neil young high definition track" i didn't get track however there was a folder of android generated thumbnails. curious if this happened to others. is it normal for the pono screen to have large colour shift at slight angles?
@chiknhed: okay i guess i will try calling them. and i'll think again about opening it and make sure to be careful if i do decide to open it. in the teardown video it appeared to come apart pretty easily (which is nice) and perhaps i am being overly critical about customer support and it's better on phone, i will try after nye. the ticket system in any  case is not being any help. and it's frustrating to receive a doa device after having waited so long for it, and not getting response from the helpdesk.
@jerry they didn't. people answer the number
@alexander edema  you may want to reconsider attempting to open your pono player.  i have a clear and was considering doing it to polish the inside of the case with a dremel.  one thing i noticed was that the one i have allows me to see the amount of glue and it was substantially more then the one in the tear down.  i too play guitar, and have all types of picks but on the clear le, i think there is a protective coating.  it has a softer rockwell rating than most of my picks and i am concerned to damage the edge of the case.  at any rate my clear plays just fine, i just wanted to make it even more clearer if possible.  concerning customer support.  if you are not getting anywhere via email.  call them and demand assistance.  they will help you immediately...at least that has been my experience.  if that does not work, then come over to the pono kitchen floor and raise hell about it there.  you will get help!  but i do not expect that you will need to raise hell to do so....but just incase you are not heard.  if you do open it, please share your results.  i may reconsider and open mine.  good luck
just like the song they took the money and run
i dont understand why people are saying customer support is non existent? if you read the pamphlet that came with your pono there is a toll fee number. seriously people don't just complain try & read
@jerry. possibly, but since it did work for a few hours (until the factory charge was discharged), i suspect the battery is a dud (or possibly the charging circuitry). but as the teardown shows, the battery is actually pretty easy to replace. on ebay they sell what appears to be the same model li-ion batteries, for a few dollars shipped. i'm reasonably experienced with diy electronics work so i can probably do this repair myself. beats waiting ages for a factory repair i guess (assuming they will eventually offer to do that). would be nice if they'd send a replacement battery though.
@alexander adema be careful hopefully it's something simple like they forgot to plug the battery in all the way and the connector just fell off
@jerry thanks for the pono teardown link, very cool. it looks like i'm going to have to do that with my pono as well so that i can repair it, as customer support appears nonexistant. it's nice to see it can be opened so easily, i already hoped that might be the case but hadn't tried yet. not too worried about warranty at this point.
@tmh may be your headset is ok and the only difference is imagined
a guitar pick while on my list to do just hadn't tried it yet but figured it would have been harder to open than this but you only need a guitar pick. but then what would you expect from an old musician. nice step by step and pictures of insides. looks like some upgrades and hacks will be fairly simple. http://mikebeauchamp.com/2014/12/pono-player-teardown/ i am not suggesting you do this as likely it will void any warranty if they have one! so if you do its at your own risk.
and i meant fostex  damn spellchecker!
siltech how are your foster going?  the at headphones i am using despite having a good reputation, are obviously not bringing out the quality in the pono as i can't differentiate between hi rez tracks and alac (cd) tracks. given i can't get the sennheiser hd 800, i am thinking oppo pm1 or even trying out the foster. thanks
just some words said in the past “my job is to bring light to the situation through my celebrity. aside from that, i am not nearly as qualified to speak as these other folks are,” said young. “i think when you make a deal, you’ve got to stick to the deal that you have made. if you are going to change the deal, you have got to talk to the people you made a deal with and change it.”
@oboogie just so you don't think i am making things up one on their promises from april @chris tashjian: unfortunately not. the sampler won't be on all ponos. but we will have a couple of nice tracks on the yellow and black players, at least one from neil, so you can enjoy hi-res music right out of the box. apr 9 2014 on update #22: important info about the stretch run of our kickstarter from the project pono music - where your soul rediscovers music.
also please don't anybody burn a pono as o'boogie said it has a lithium battery in it and that could be quite hazardous to yourself
@oboogie i am glad you like your pono. personally i don't care for the poor quality of many aspects of this project. the pono sounds ok i am hoping once it's broken in it will sound better, that's what they claim anyhow time will tell. i see it only came with one song on it what happened to the other one they promised or is that just another broken promise? have a nice day bla bla bla pono
burn it with your pono in it then maybe you won't feel compelled to come here and complain every single day. i vote for that.
@rick canedo not quite as smart as you obviously how do i post the picture here? as far as the warping it was the way it was made. when edge gluing several pieces of wood most carpenters would tell you to alternate the way the rings of the wood so that one piece cups out and the next cups in so over time they tend to offset each other. well the pieces of the cover were all glued with the rings on the same side. so the whole thing is cupping and in this case it's cupping down if it was up you could likely press on the cover and it would close. if you want i'll sell you the box makes no difference to me make an offer. i am sure it will make good kindling other wise.
@alexander, they have skype. call briefly and tell them to call you back or use skype. you are making this much harder than it has to be.
@rick canedo got wrapped up and realized that it didn't matter if pmw software had balance control its the pono player that needs the balance control
@rick canedo i didn't get the limited edition on i got the regular black on and it can in a small box with sliding cover its the cover that is warped i'll try to send picture later
@rick canedo it finally stopped scanning after 22 hours 20 minutes. it would of made more sense to me if the program would of asked where to scan before it just went to scanning everything. it also scanned a full folder full of sound effect tracks i didn't even remember i had now i have to cut of a couple thousand clips that i probably won't put on the pono well maybe a few pig sounds to remind me of miss piggy who posts on the site from time to time. right now checking threw all of the various menus looking for for a balance control i haven't seen anything yet but it looks like this will take winamp plugins so maybe it's not as bad as first impressions did figure out how to get rid of the pono store commercials at least temporarily they come back when you start program but can be shut off quickly trying to see if i can get it to show a starbucks theme instead of the maria look a like
http://instagram.com/p/xpvkwypscs/ here is mine.
@jerry, post on instagram and share the link here. i have my own bamboo box in perfect condition, thanks!
@rick canedo not quite as smart as you obviously how do i post the picture here? as far as the warping it was the way it was made. when edge gluing several pieces of wood most carpenters would tell you to alternate the way the rings of the wood so that one piece cups out and the next cups in so over time they tend to offset each other. well the pieces of the cover were all glued with the rings on the same side. so the whole thing is cupping and in this case it's cupping down if it was up you could likely press on the cover and it would close. if you want i'll sell you the box makes no difference to me make an offer. i am sure it will make good kindling other wise.
software, is only as smart, as the person running it.......
@jerry, you can turn off auto import of files under tools, options, library & folders.  just uncheck the run auto-import in background.  you can also setup which folder you would like it to watch for autoimport under configure auto-import.
the 800 number for support is located in the latest update. support@ponomusic.com or call us at: 800-611-0580 @jerry, post pics of your warped box. i wonder if it was damaged in shipping?
@jerry my bamboo box is great! it is built with a lot more quality and care than the player, which feels as cheap on the outside as it apparantly is on the inside. also the box works well, opening and closing the lid works exactly as advertised. unfortunately, the same cannot be said about the ponoplayer. and yes, i think neil's new continental can be paid for with the money saved on quality control and customer support.
@alexander adema does your bamboo box work the lid on mine is so warped it won't close no big deal it will work fine as kindling wood next time i light fireplace and the pono part well you see he is pushing it for the new cadillac how pono is that.
getting support over the phone from the other side of the world would mean the amount of money i waste on this only increases. unless they have a toll-free number? any why do they have a digital support helpdesk if they just ignore tickets and wait for people to get pissed off enough to call them? what a horrible service for this overpriced subpar quality product.
the new continental not cadillac
@alexander adema does your bamboo box work the lid on mine is so warped it won't close no big deal it will work fine as kindling wood next time i light fireplace and the pono part well you see he is pushing it for the new cadillac how pono is that.
calling pono gave me instant help for those that are just emailing.
pono is still ignoring my requests for support regarding my defective pono. this feels like a scam. not very pono at all. atleast i get the warm feeling of having made neil young even richer while not getting anything back for it except a bamboo box. well played, pono.
everything arrived b4 xmas (happy surfer) aloha
@rick canedo don't use itunes and the program i have allows you to scan folders you want not the whole computer. also i stop it but it starts scanning again when i open program again. i have multiple copies of music in different locations different versions etc. this stupid program is scanning everything now i look at an album and it shows two or three songs for each track. i already have a program for managing my music no need for this should be a way to stop it from scanning computer or just the drive folders i want scaned. i have 9 hard drives and over 300000 tracks what  a joke of a program. now after scanning all day it's going out to the internet and trying to get cover art which i don't want. likely just trying to profile the type of music it will try to sell me. certainly jriver software has some controls to make it behave. have no intention of ever buying from pono music farce site but had to download and install this crappy software to get a firmer upgrade, a simple firmware update file would of sufficed. as far as the player don't sound to bad about what was expected not much for controls but didn't expect anything to innovative from neil. wish he had put in a left right balance control everything sounds louder on the left side. not that the player is wrong more so years of some hearing loss in right ear would have been nice to be able to adjust it a bit.
hahaha, nice one, rick. all music management software does that. i love that jerry suggests that only pono does it. ffs. it's very easy to stop it.
sorry, lower left in the action window.
@jerry itunes and every other music software scans your computer for music files. don't act like this is the only one that does that. look to your lower right in the pmw and you will see it doing a scan. you can stop it there.
http://www.digitalaudioreview.net/2014/12/ponoplayer-is-a-wonderful-sounding-dap-for-the-money/ nice review of the pono player compared to the sony and a&k120ii
loaded the software and even though i checked the box to not add to the library i find it's been scanning my hard drives for the past seven hours. what kind of software is this how do you stop it?
@gevvv,  so glad you like it. i am also a very big fan, but i'm not sure anyone noticed. i try to keep it under my hat a bit. ;-)
gotta say, i'm really loving the pono player. it really does sound fuller than my iphone, no doubt about it. a little dark sounding (good thing), but at the same time lovely clear highs. and as a total suprise, the size and shape is really nice to hold and to have besides the stereo. only have one problem with it, and thats the battery. a audioplayer should last longer than 7-8hrs in 2015. other than that, great job ny & ayre!
@hope clary thanks i'll try that tommorow
@tmh just google the project creator and piracy and see what you get. not many associated with this project are concerned about piracy it seems.
not that i would ever condone music piracy, but a number of pono albums have started to appear on the inter web torrent sites.  both beck albums, both neil young albums, among a few others. yesterday i spent about $200 on hi res albums from hd tracks.  i would like to do the same at the pono store, but geo-blocking prevents that.  so i actually have little moral objection to piracy in these circumstances.  happy to pay for them, but in the absence of being able to get them legitimately, the piracy option is attractive
found an issue that i thought i'd share. my micro sd card that came with my pono player isn't recognized when it's in my pono player, but it shows up on my pc if i take it out and use an adapter. if i try to add it as a separate drive, it says to insert a disc. windows seems to think of it as a cd drive or dvd drive when it's in my pono player. i'm sure there are other people having the same issue here, so i thought i'd share.
i hear a huge difference even from 16 bit music. the difference in my car from this player to cd is astonishing to me. the best way for me to describe it is layers of sound. everything else now sounds like it's underwater. i've listed to pj, foo fighters, taylor swift, tom petty, & hozier so far. was sad to see no metallica in the pono shop, considering they have a signed player, but that's probably some suit conflict destroying my ability to good music access.. sigh.
@jerry i am windows.. i followed other people's tips to get my player to take the download. the one that work for me was after plugging into the app.. select yes to download music, but don't select done. wait on the pono app you will eventually see the software upgrade occurring
windows https://s3.amazonaws.com/ponomusic/windows/ponomusicworld.exe
mac https://s3.amazonaws.com/ponomusic/macos/ponomusicworld.dmg
hmm that didn't give the url's like in my email
@jerry start here: the ponomusic world app has been updated and you must use the latest version to be able to purchase and download music. please download and install the app now, replacing any current installation. you can download the latest version of the app here: ponomusic world app for mac ponomusic world app for windows thank you for supporting ponomusic. mahalo, the ponomusic team
i found a link to a firmware update but no software yet
@rick canedo well ponomusic takes me to the ponomusic.farce site and i see no link to download software could you post a link?
@jerry you download the music download software off if the ponomusic.com website  towards the bottom of the homepage.
@creator well finally got the player and put some music on the micro disk, plugged in my etymotics ear phones  and listened to it and it didn't sound bad. can't say yet that it's any better than what i normally listen to but would not have expected it to be. the top of the bamboo box was all warped and won't close but no big deal. did not find the software for loading the music onto the pono in the box. and still have not seen a shipping email.
i recently received by pono player in excellent condition, and have loaded it up with high-resolution music. my husband and i are totally blown away with the quality, and beauty of the music. i have been brought to tears… so many years ago, i naively gave away my albums and switched to cds, unknowing that there was a huge difference in the quality. now, you have given the sound back to me. heart felt thanks to you, neil young, and all those who have helped you bring this project to life.  just a gentle note of reminder, to those who have expressed some frustration with the process - we all got involved with this project via kickstarter. this is a start up company; the products and services are beta. please be patient, i for one am thankful that this quality of music is now available again to “regular” people and not just the wealthy.  many thanks and god bless you all, sheila alden
merry christmas! i'm very happy with my player.. it was a bit of a struggle getting it synced, but luckily the internet helped me from others victories! now shopping music.. happy i'm a bata for pono!
same to you guys! happy christmas!
dougie, i echo your good wishes to all. :)
happy christmas or happy holidays which ever takes your fancy to all who contributed one way or another over the last 9 months. i wish you all the best & have a great time whatever you choose to do over the next few days.
long live pono merry christmas o'boogie
ha, siltech! :-) merry christmas!
merry christmas all, and ebay.
@ o'boogie....merry christmas! god bless
you are right, of course, @tw. thanks for that. :-) merry christmas!
@gsimon.....very classless comments made by you. i know we've never met.....thank god! you can't erase the postings....always to be reflected. you can't control the direction of the wind, however you can change the direction of the sail. . sail away!
@gsimon you remind me a little weasel bodybuilder type that lives in ontario canada. you know the kind that talks big and lurks under rocks like slime. now go eat your canadian bacon and crawl back to neils hole.
ido, i too received the cardboard version. i know the sd card was easy to miss, and i was looking for it. nonetheless, as you are sure, just go and open a ticket on the ponomusic website.. i hope they will be able to ship you a replacement.
you must be the saddest piece of excrement on earth. how pitiful. so long, asswipe!
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
as i did not get the pono in its regular bamboo box, it was packed in an alternate box, it might have been lost in the process... i dont know
oh, @gsimon. the irony. also, go fuck yourself. to everyone else (even jerry): merry christmas! have a great one.
well... it was not under the cable... i took all the box apart...nothing there... checked inside the pono...nothing..
ido, it was under the cable. easy to miss.
pono...
- got my poni last week micro sd card was missing.... opend a ticket at support , nothing till now... enybody else didnt get his micro sd card ? tnx
you know - nietzsche says, "out of chaos comes order."
@gsimon nice of you to crawl out from under the rock today. did neil wake you up.
@siltech no you have it wrong it's bla bla bla pono
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
like i said. you're a tool. bye now.
@o'boogie no way you do that for stuff for free i gave you more credit than that. enjoy your pono have a merry christmas bla bla bla pono
@hope clary i actually had one deliver early it came the other day the n2 electronic pen. a lot of them are late but they communicate their issues well in most cases and that is what makes them being late tolerable. another deadbeat project repeatedly said they were on time and one dec 1st said they were done manufacturing, and just had to ship. now 21 days later they still have not delivered and have not explained why we don't have the product, that scum bag is just like this project. and it's not the being late as much as the repeated promises of dates that went by undelivered. along with the  selling of personal information without permission and not communicating with the backers on the kickstarter site that makes this project so sad. some people should practice what they preach “i think when you make a deal, you’ve got to stick to the deal that you have made. if you are going to change the deal, you have got to talk to the people you made a deal with and change it.” anyhow it's christmas eve and i hope you enjoy your pono i'll just enjoy a nice hot cup of starbucks bla bla bla pono
@siltech no you have it wrong it's bla bla bla pono
@siltech no you have it wrong it's bla bla bla pono
@jerry i know he started it, but he isn't why i bought. if you actually pledged for a player & didn't get it yet i'm sorry. however you've backed many kickstarters as have i & only 1 has delivered on time for me. you know how it goes.. people are continually getting them every day.. so just chill out... seriously
i do it for free. because you are a massive tool.
bla bla bla bla
@rick canedo nice you learned how to talk like siltech. glad you have your pono some people don't and for everyone who didn't get a pono shipped by dec 8th is one of neil's lies. but you wouldn't understand that with your head up his butt. enjoy your pono i'm still waiting but i'm enjoying a great cup of starbucks coffee neil's favorite brand bla bla pono
i'm very sad. my ponoplayer isn't shipped off yet. i contact support from 1 month before, but the situation doesn't change.
@jerry  weak!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ebay!
boogie nice how much does neil pay you?
@siltech glad you mastered that so well
@rick canedo about 5 hours ago its' also funny that his only comebacks are lies that he makes up, so he feels better about himself. it's also funny that he crows about neil and pono lying to him, yet all he does is fill this blog with his own lies. argue with truth's and i'll respect you more. neil did lie he missed every deadline that he promised i know your head up his butt and wouldn't understand that enjoy.
@hope clary about 6 hours ago @jerry i hate to break it to you but i don't own anything neil young. not sure if i'm not of his generation or it's jut not my style. i like tom, pj, & several other reputable artist's that gave their blessing & thief john hand cock to this player. i realize no truth i speak is going to make you shut the hell up!! but i'm just tired of seeing your fake avatar when i come here to see others opinions & how they have also liked or disliked their players. for someone who didn't buy a player you shore are winded & opinionated! growing up we called people like you a "poser" i gave them money for the player i call that buying it even though they did t deliver.  and just by backing this project you own neil young. guess you dint realize who started this mess. hope you are enjoying it bla bla pono
ebay
its' also funny that his only comebacks are lies that he makes up, so he feels better about himself.  it's also funny that he crows about neil and pono lying to him, yet all he does is fill this blog with his own lies. argue with truth's and i'll respect you more.
no one is upset. we just think you are an idiot.
@jerry i hate to break it to you but i don't own anything neil young. not sure if i'm not of his generation or it's jut not my style. i like tom, pj, & several other reputable artist's that gave their blessing & thief john hand cock to this player. i realize no truth i speak is going to make you shut the hell up!! but i'm just tired of seeing your fake avatar when i come here to see others opinions & how they have also liked or disliked their players. for someone who didn't buy a player you shore are winded & opinionated! growing up we called people like you a "poser"
thanks for all your advice on dvd audio extractor, it seems the dvds on the pink floyd box sets have some special protection, so those wont work, but i have successfully ripped davidbowie (ziggy stardust - dvd) and the who-(quadrophenia pure audio blu ray, via makemkv) and they ripped perfectly. dad thing is, when doing an ab comparison of the apple lossless files of the same song on the pono, i cant tell the difference.  much better than the iphone (with the same iems) but cant tell the 96/24 track from the 48/16, hmmm, all those years of concerts must have had an effect.
@ neil  amazing how your paid fanboys are so easily upset. bla bla bla pono
@hope clary, @rick,  @jerry is a grown up crack baby.
if you look up internet troll in the dictionary, there is a picture of jerry's kickstarter avatar!
@jerry does someone pay you to be a heckler? because you have been the strangest thing i've seen on kickstarter to date!
jerry is now pulling stupid and totally untrue things out of his ass. oh, wait. that's what he's done all along.
@alexander adema my bet is 25 percent
hi, today i have received the pono music player, but the box is totally broken. luckily the player has not problems. now, can i ask a box replacement? who has the responsibility, ups or the pono staff? thanks to all.
phone number was listed in the latest update, 51
pono details: 1501 mariposa st, suite 312 san francisco, ca 94107 united states phone: 800-611-0580 (6am to 6pm pacific time) fax: 415-638-6133
i haven't seen a phone number either but i will take another look. although why run a ticket system if you're not going to respond to the tickets. if they're that busy i wonder how many defective pono's were shipped?
o'boogie what is the phone number i don't see it on this site have a nice pono christmas from the pono less one
o'boogie, any jc in hi-rez that you know of?  man, he was an artist, who's music resonated through his body when he performed!  he had some great songs! https://www.yahoo.com/music/s/joe-cocker-dies-70-192107501.html
rest in peace, joe cocker.
i sent them an email for support.  got a response about a week later and then a another response telling me the issue had been resolved even though it was not discussed or resolved.  im sure the support process will improve.  frankly, it will need to for pono to succeed.
call them. there are hundreds of people in the support ticket queue in front of you. you have to call to get immediate help.
pono support has been ignoring my support requests for over 2 weeks now. mt l.e. pono came with a dead battery and cannot be turned on even when plugged in. i have bought a 400$ paper weight and pono doesn't even respond to my support request at all. i feel ripped off.
same to you, shane! i'm enjoying my pono, too. the toilet brush kickstarter made me laugh. i think he'd be the toilet and not the brush, however. :-) happy christmas!
gerry = complete tool, if he was a project on kickstarter he would be a new toilet brush with extra strong bristles to scrub all the sh#t he talks. graeme and o'b much celtic love being sent your way. i have my pono for an extended period now, still love it, still spontaneously dancing when that light turns blue. the software is new, it will only get better as will the pono store. patience, peace and love
thanks rick yes, it is a dvd, but doesnt work.  i even burned a copy of the disc, and it wouldn't rip from that either
in that case, you shouldn't need anything. just directly rip it from the disc using dvd-ae. i assume it's a dvd?
thanks rick, should have mentioned i was on a mac
@tmh. download anydvd, this will sit in the background and decode the encryption on the disc on the fly so you don't have to make a copy.
for those that have recommended dvd audio extractor for ripping audio, i have been trying to rip the hi rez version of wish you were here off the immersion set the program reads it alright, but then won't rip it, giving a number of reasons, including possible copyright protection i have ripped it to hard drive, taking out the copyright protection, but to no avail anyone else had this problem or could recommend a dvd with which i could try it and have it work?  happy to pay for the program, but not if it doesn't work
likely it will be the blue pono for the walmart blue light special 39.95 bla bla bla pono
@david fišer take siltech's advice he is an ebay expert list it and sell it fast the sales price on ebay is dropping everyday if you wait to long they won't sell for what you paid for it. the novelty price is on ebay. soon you will probably find pono players in wallmart for 49.95 bla bla bla pono
@rick canedo my mistake don't have any sd card devices and no pono yet ( due to gross incompetence of pono team) and saw the 512 sd cards. maybe someday they will be out and maybe the pono will arrive.
@ ate-alma de vries                                                                                                                      here in italy i had to pay euro 123,54! i mean euro,not dollars!!!!                                      anyway, i'm happy with my ny le  pono, it sounds good. the only problem is under ubuntu: when i connect the pono the system don't recognize the 64 gb sd card and i don't know what to do. no problem with the other preinstalled, showing all folders and music i already load. anybody help me......... p.s.: under windows no problem....
the pono player is a gift for backing the kickstarter campaign at a certain price level. returning it will not get your money back, best to sell it yourself.
list and sell
@david no refund. you should get full return from ebay.
hi, do you know if it's possible to return the device and get a refund? the sound is very good, but the device itself, battery life, display, software etc. are all so bad that i just don't want to use it anymore after 2 weeks. thanks for your advice.
did anyone else in the netherlands or europe had to pay an additional 120 dollars (customs, taxes) like i did?
i really wish they hadn't made signature required at time of delivery. i'm not about to take time off work to get a package, so now i have to wait another week to go pick it up at the ups office. x_x
i got mine yesterday (i was abroad before). i love it. you guys did an amazing job. it looks really nice (i ordered a special edition model in chrome). nice packaging, very nice attention to detail. love the "powered by ayre" on the home screen. sound is amazing (as far as i can tell with a good headphone). the touch screen is not perfect (it picks songs when going through the play list; but i'll get used to it), brightness and color are very nice. overall: thank you, you make me very happy!
@eric that is for a regular sd card, not a micro.  don't think the micro is available yet.
@rick b&h has them listed...for $640!!
glad you are so happy with it, @samuel! enjoy it. :-)
@jerry, where are you seeing the 512gb microsd cards in the wild?  i've yet to see them. the player should work with them when they do come out.
@samuel wong awesome hardly that is what they said they would do. now had they put the 128gb card that would be nice and if the player will work with the new 512gb card that are out that would be awesome. but no they are not awesome they are just extremely late delivering bla bla bla pono
just got mine in the mail over here in malaysia. i was amazed to find a 64gb sdxc card packaged with it; i had completely forgotten that it was part of the deal. what kind of company provides the option for extended storage and actually gives you an sd card alongside it. you guys are awesome. :)
when the devide will be for sale?
got my le today, all i can say after a couple of minutes with it is wow. what a difference in depth and detail. also, too bad the build quality is not as high as the sound quality. i really hope this catches on and more players get into the hd portable audio game.
hi, ed! good to see you, too. this place has been overtaken with the crazy, so don't be a stranger, please. :-)
hi graeme, good to hear from you!  i haven't lurked here much lately either.  outside of o'boogie and a couple others there hasn't been much worth reading.  so are you expecting a white christmas over there?
hey, graeme! nice to see you pop up here, man.
@the glasgow k*ss well i would be surprised if neil thought he could make a buck on it he would make a starbucks pono
aawwh jerry?...... it's nearly xmas!...... give us a big mcpono smile! lol
@the glasgow k*ss actually i am surprised neil didn't stoop to claiming that the pono was gluten free
jerry?.....just seen your pono on the back of mcsanta's sleigh here in scotland, uk?....... must be taking the slow route to you!..... can't think why? lol from what i could see thru my binoculars it seems you are getting the only starbucks le pono!...... a kinda frothy colour?
@the glasgow k*ss organic material? seriously doubt anyone on this site truly understands what organic means not sure what it means where you are but here in the states its a big money game created by some farmers trying to sell the crops at inflated prices
mcboogie?..... deal with those spelling errors in my last post puleeeese!...... i'm too tired to pick them up! fashing?!..... even in scotland we spell it.... dashing! lol
@kinch what is the phone number to call i haven't seen it posted here?
hallo mcb@@gie, mcshane, mced & mctechsil! best festive mcpono wishes to 4 & all :-) i've been on hols & withdrawn from the devilweb.... slowly reintroducing myself.... will need time to work thru comments here however always good to see mcboogie jousting with jerry!...... makes me smile!..... perhaps santa will deliver you a sleigh full of starbucks jerry..... but watch out just in case that coffee is working properly and you need to phone starbucks to check their return/warranty procedure! in the meantime i picture mcboogie fashing thru the snow like rudoplh, spreading mcpono love..... and occasionally delivering organic material! on jerry!! hope all are enjoying their ponos or soon to be enjoying them :-) will check back by the weekend..... jingle mcpono, jingle mcpono, jingle all the waaaaaay!.......
@neil wow finally after missing your self imposed deadline by 8 days your guy alex realized "i am so sorry for the confusion" apparently he lost some of my information for delivery even though your other flunkies verified they had everything they needed to ship the pono thing and he said "i look forward to solving this issue for you" mind you he didnt say he would ship it and as of today i have not seen any delivery emails but he sent another email saying "again, so sorry about the trouble" wish he would just put it in the ups box and send it one its way. seems like alex is closer to being on the ball than anyone else at pono and i nominate him as new ceo as he would be a better choice than the current one. looking forward to getting the pono thing. bla bla bla pono and have a merry starbucks christmas
alexander, give pono support a call. that is the best way to get a response.
alfredo the dac is a sabre32  es9018k2m
my herbie hancock le arrived today, listening as i type, sounds good so far.
i've been waiting for  over a full week now for pono to get back to me about my defective battery. so far the pono has been an allround underwhelming experience. a pretty lousy purchase in hindsight. owell live and learn.
hi, please, can you say me what dac chip has it?
*yawn*
@o'boogie nice actually i was out trying to get a tumor removed and see about a brain transplant as you told siltech i something was wrong with it so i told the doctor to get me a brain like o'boogie and he said i really didn't want to sound like a broken record so he wouldn't do it. bla bla bla pono merry starbucks christmas
@robert ryan this link below has a lot of information also you can look at panasonic's web site one of the better li-ion battery makers. i personally let them run down till the player stops the battery will still read about 3 volts so it is really not dead, they run to about three volts then shut off. if it gets lower than that you will not be able to charge it again period. they are charged to about 4.2 volts but never over that. also the temperature is monitored closely and if it gets to hot it will stop charging. so if your battery gets hot it will shut off the charger and it will wait till it cools down then starts to charge again and may actually never get charged fully. why because the charging circuit or wiring is bad and it lets to many volts go to the battery anything over 4.2 volts will cause it to get hot. so hot and it could burst into flames or explode. the protection circuit should stop that from happening but i wouldn't even bet o'boogie or siltech's life on that happening. as much as they deserve it. bottom line don't use it, personal y i would break it open and disconnect the battery i've seen a battery explode not pretty. nothing wrong with charging with ten percent left actually the best voltage is about 3.96 volts but the battery don't last long at that level about 15 minutes or so. if you are not going to use them for a while give them about a half charge that will get them close to 3.96 close enough. i have quite a few li ion batteries that are 16 years old i use them in my pjb-100 music player and in 16 years i have only had to replace a few batteries in the 8 players i have. http://batteryuniversity.com/learn/article/how_to_prolong_lithium_based_batteries
you are right jerry the batteries are certainly an issue at the moment.
oh, jerry. it was so nice and sane without you here. can you go away again please? thanks in advance. bye!
thanks, jerry. at what percentage would you say i should recharge?
@rocky mountain way @robert ryan and other with battery issues do yourself a favor and google li ion batteries. they should not perform like the reports are saying. you can run them down and they will stop at a certain voltage leaving them at 10 percent is foolish it will shorten  its life. they should not get hot when charging or playing back. that is a sign of a poor charge circuit or possibly faulty wiring etc. best advise turn them off and don't use them. contact pono they probably will sell you another one. some people are having issues some are not that is a clue to poor workmanship as they should all perform the same. if it was me i would open it up and see what was wrong but the righteous neil hasn't figured out how to ship mine yet. bla bla bla pono enjoy a starbucks coffee this holiday with or without pono.
@o'boogie you and siltech are so funny. i have not been on for a day or two and you start calling other people jerry? face it neil and his pono team are amateurs they cant seem to get much right. sony's sound has them beat hands down just go listen to one you will see if not it only means you have stuff in your ears from being up neil's butt.  i am not tommy g but you can think so if you want.
great news. good luck. bye now!
i have been listening to the pono the last few days and it is an extremely overhyped piece of equipment. it is clunky and looks/feels cheaply made. no effort has gone into the software at all either. i have a couple of other hi- res players for comparison and they outperform the pono on sound and they are half the price. if anyone is looking for a high res player that is portable with tons of features including bluetooth look at sony's nwz-a17. the size and the battery life is also unbelievable. if you want a sound that actually lives up to the hype try ibasso's dx-50 or dx-90. not saying the pono sounds bad just not noticeably better than these players.  it's a shame that people especially highly regarded musicians felt the need to talk this thing up. it's very misleading. i cannot see the pono lasting especially when there are so many better players/options out there. to the people who had to pay huge amounts due to customs and dollar value difference i feel for you. i also got the cardboard box as i am in a no bamboo box zone and the idiots at ups decided to cover delivery stickers all over it with no instructions from pono on how to pack it. just incompetence all the way from the pono team and i am glad i never have to deal with them again. ebay!
thanks for the feedback, rmw. it's amazing that there isn't any kind of online manual where they have info on things like this. i am very happy with the sound, especially with high resolution albums. one of the first high res downloads i just bought was springsteen's the wild, the innocent and the e street shuffle and i have never heard anything in this quality. amazing. i am buying music again like i'm 16, and i didn't think that would happen again.
@ robert ryan. i have something similar but have learnt to live with it. i have heard hi res files  drain more battery but  cannot confirm that. also the advice is to not have it plugged in while playing, but i have found it much easier to plug and play when using my stereo. i have not experienced any hum and  i understand the battery has no memory so it is ok to use it like that. apparently you should not drain it to the 10% point before recharging. a lot are complaining about the quality compared to other formats but the test is premature. my pono has had over 50 hours playing and the sound is much improved from when i first got it. the test is playing it loud - the sound is open and seems to fill the whole room. enjoy.
that was the first remotely funny thing you've ever said.
curses!  i've been exposed!
"tommy," you know where jerry is. since you are jerry. bye now! nope. not going away, james. :-)
drat! my complete lack of confirmation bias is really spoiling my fun. go away, i say!
a lot of people just can't.  not something to get bent out of shape about.  where's jerry?  we need starbucks.
can i please get some feedback from some who have already received their pono? i absolutely love the way it sounds but it seems that the charge time is very short - maybe just 3 or 4 hours to completely deplete it. it doesn't show a full charge for long at all. after a couple/few songs it is pretty far down. and it takes a long time to charge. last night i depleted it completely so i let it charge overnight with the adaptor. 9 hours later it was not completely charged; probably at 90 - 95% though. are you experiencing the same thing? thanks.
seriously, get your hearing checked.
i am comparing cd quality wav files playing on my iphone which were down-converted from the 96k files playing from my pono. not saying that pono sounds bad, it just doesn't sound any different than my iphone.
i'm concerned about your hearing because if you are listening to a hi-res file and can't tell the difference between that and a shitty mp3, well, that's just not good.
my hearing is just fine. just saying, they sound the same! it's a fun device, but no discernible difference between the two here.
go get your hearing checked. seriously.
my pono through my hd-600s and adam a7xs sounds exactly the same as my iphone 5.
@tmh - after connecting and saying yes to the transfer, check on the lower left of pmw to see if you see a firmware transfer happening.  if not, it may already be transferred (from a previous attempt).  the prompt to load the firmware won't occur until after you hit "done" and disconnect.  if you didn't see the prompt (i didn't after disconnecting on this latest), try shutting the pono down and restarting.  when i did, the prompt appeared immediately after scanning my library. now it could be that it prompted when i disconnected and i didn't notice. it was during my test on the imac at the office, and i didn't realize at the time that a new firmware was out, so i may simply have missed it.  i turned off the player sometime later and went home.  when i turned it on at the house to connect and download the new firmware, the prompt came up before i had a chance to connect to the home computer.
i had a great experience via phone, they helped me right away.
tmh, from my experience pono support are best contacted by telephone. they've taken up to 3 weeks to "answer" a support ticket/email support request. i'd go the phone route.
ok, i am about to join jerry at starbucks. i now have the third cable, that at least pops up with the load music option pursuant to eric's advice i hit yes to load music, and it comes up with the done option.  i love that for an hour, nothing happens (no evidence that the firmware update has downloaded) and i hit done and nothing happens i start the process again same thing,  another hour wasted then there is the problem with the stupid library software.  i dont want it to import my itunes library, which it has  i want a separate library of hi rez stuff.  which i have on my nas and i can't import into the stupid ponomw software.  i can't understand how people can bag itunes,. this pmw software is worse than music match and after 48 hours, no answer form pono support and this happened on both my players
my tp le delivered today - no one home to sign for receipt & box left in porch.... my nz duty and tax came to nz$154 - value of pono in nz$ increased due to weakening of nz$ against us$. i paid nz$481 on 16 april, nz customs valued it at nz$515. looking forward to opening, charging, using and listening to it :)
just got my metallica pono here in australia, looks nice haven't tried it yet :)
oh hello gapless playback.  my china>rider from veneta thanks you very much.  i couldn't get the eject button to work but on balance, today is a win.  thanks for the heads up on the firmware @eric price
lots of folks with tracking numbers, passed delivery dates, and no tracking info have gotten updates today with new delivery dates and in transit status from ups.  i hope those of you hanging out here have seen, or will soon see, similar notification.  let's have a pono christmas! (    or substitute the appropriate holiday of your choice ;)   )
from the pono team over at the pono music community (https://ponomusic.force.com/_ui/core/chatter/ui/chatterpage): new firmware version supporting gapless playback and changing the transfer mode popups. ponoplayer firmware update version 1.0.4 firmware version 1.0.4 release notes:  feature enhancments: gapless playback support for lossless files (flac, alac, wav, aiff) gapless playback is defined as two tracks played back to back as if they were the same track. we have add this functionality as a native function of the ponoplayer for lossless file types only.  tracks for lossy file types (mp3, aac) are played with no gap added by the player - however any padding added by the original file encoding process that is contained in the file itself is not removed.  removed "done" button on the music transfer mode popup the functionality of this button was causing confusion and issues for many ponoplayer owners. we have removed this button. once you complete transferring files to your ponoplayer, please use your computer to eject the ponoplayer drives, then remove the micro-usb cable.  turn off shuffle if an album is selected for playback if the shuffle option is left toggled on and a track from an album is selected, shuffle will be automatically toggled off. simply tap the shuffle option on the now playing screen to toggle the option on again.  pause playback if an audio cable is removed during playback if a cable is removed from the headphone jack or the line out jack the player will automatically pause the currently playing track.  bug fixes: support for flac files with id3 tags at beginning of file  some ponoplayer owners have ripped cds using external software which added tags at the beginning of the files causing the files to not be recognized by the player as flac files. we have added support for these types of files.  note that the player will ignore the id3 tags on these files and use the metadata in the flac file header.
that pono doesn't react to the connection is telling. i'd elevate this to pono support.  i'm not sure what else to do myself. have you checked on a second computer?   i tried on my imac at the office today (for the first time) and it worked right off the bat as i described earlier - open pmw app. turn on pono and then connect to imac. approve dialog on pono to transfer.   after completing whatever, eject (both card, then player) from within pmw app. then select "done" from pono dialog, and disconnect.
woo hoo! finally received my black pono player in southern california. was really confused for a moment and thought my pono was defective, but just had to get around the tricky software. now that i know how everything works, i really like the interface and the pono app as well. very sleek and organized. good shit. now i can stop looking at this dumb forum. good luck!
eric price no, nothing on the pono.  but it is recognised as the battery bar charges up very confusing
@tmh - do you get the "load music" dialog on the pono when you connect it to the mac (with pmw already running)?
@mark p. one of the folks over in the pono music community who has been pursuing this question received this answer from pono today: thank you for your patience. we have investigated this request and confirmed with our distribution center that your order has shipped on 12/9/2014. we anticipate that delivery will be attempted on 12/14 - 12/15. we've discovered that ups hasn't scanned this package during it's first few stops. once the tracking number is scanned, we will see more activity in online tracking which will include the expected arrival date. please continue to track your package for further updates. we hope this helps clarify. please let us know if you have any further concerns. now previous reports indicated that these non-tracking units might be in the middle of a bulk shipment from china to the u.s.  no real way to know for sure without tracking data, but i think pono continues to indicate that they are making every effort to get deliveries before christmas.
thanks for your feedback o'boogie and eric, but tried both of those to no avail.  the computer definitely is connected (as it charges) but the only device pwm recognises is my apple time capsule!
i'm still waiting. if someone from italy has received it can comment here? thanks a lot
any idea how long it takes to get to the us from china?  i know we have commented on this but receiving a shipping notice on dec 8 and no updates a week later seems ridiculous.  all excitement in this product is basically gone.
does anyone has the order for a us$ 200.00 pledge of the pono? please i need to take my pono out of customs in peru!! thank you very much!
@dave.  i too have been avoiding the pmw software since getting the firmware update.  i guess i'll have to check occasionally for future updates, but side loading is working without a hitch, so i'll be sticking with that for now.  it would be great to figure out how to side load firmware updates - i assume the app loads them somewhere in the onboard memory, which the player then extracts and installs following the firmware prompt.  anyone know where these updates get loaded to the player before their installation?
ive had this very pesky player not being recognized issue as well.  finally got it to work as follows.  open program, connect player.  hit yes to load music (even if you aren't loading anything), then do nothing and wait for a minute or two, firmware update popped up.  it completed the update, i then followed prompts on both screen and player. my current plan is to only open program again when (if) there are further firmware updates.  its way too temperamental to even think about using otherwise.  enjoying player very much but not at all confident in software and potential for neil's ecosystem. major redesign needed.
with my mac, i have to remove and reconnect one or two times before it shows up as a drive. but it will. eventually.
@tmh, mine didn't recognize the first time either.  make sure you're using the supplied cable as i've heard other usb cables don't always work with the player for some reason. second, make sure your mac is up-to-date on it's software. (1) ensure you open the pmw software before connecting your player (with the player already turned on). (2) when the pono pops up the transfer music dialog, select yes, but don't click done until after you disconnect the pono (when finished with transfers, etc.) when i did that, although it didn't pop up on the mac at first (as a drive), pmw started downloading the firmware. only after i disconnected and hit "done" did the firmware dialog pop up on the pono and the firmware update installed. after the firmware install, use 1 and 2 to connect again.  this time, you should see the pono pop up as a separate drive on your mac (usually you get a desktop icon unless you have settings set to hide external drives from the desktop).  you can side load directly to this drive if you don't want to use pmw to transfer songs to the player. i hope this helps.  if not, post again, and i'll see if i can figure something else out.
thanks joe, but i can't update my firmware because pmw won't recognise any of my players  i have looked at the videos on the ponomusic site, but i can't even get off the starting blocks i can't do anything else
@tmh have you updated your firmware yet? you have to use pmw for that. that's the first thing you need to do. the videos in pmw will step you through that.
hi i have plugged my pono into my computer (mac).  clearly it recognises it as it is charging but it doesn't appear in my finder window nor on the crappy ponomusic world software i want to drag music onto the built in memory (no sd card yet) any suggestions? thanks
@jamie whitehorn - the difference with pono is even greater when the files are 24bit 192khz... :)
@tmh if you listened to the one ny song i too was disappointed...problem solved after i loaded more content.
played it on loop
and today my clear arrived just playing it on look to burn it in.  first play it  didn't sound different to my iphone!
@siltech isn't that nice ronny that your mother hen is here to help you with her righteous pono advice. enjoy your cup of coffee with her bla bla bla pono
thank you
@siltech, just remember he's mentally ill. just ignore him. it's difficult, i know. he's really not worth the two seconds it takes to post something. honestly. take care! :-)
@siltech how nice of you ron fanboy guess all of that hortons coffee has you upset try some starbucks next time
@jerry jerry jerry
sorry retard, now fuck off
glad you are happy with it, @jamie!
@siltech real nice ron, sorry about letting out your secret! bla bla bla pono
it's all the above. higher info and circuitry. pono rules
got my black unit in the uk on monday. thumbs up. very happy with it. the difference between a pono using flac 16bit 44.1khz and an iphone using 256kbps aac is chalk and cheese (using the same headphones). not sure if it's the higher bit rate, or just the audio circuitry in the pono but who cares - it sounds great :-)
all of that below pedram's name was a quote from him - i forgot to put the quotes in.  hopefully, this does mean that pre-christmas deliveries will make it on time. if you have no word on yours at all, please re-confirm your shipping info with pono. peace!
so, as speculated earlier, the mystery of the pono shipments with "created labels" but no tracking data (though occasionally anticipated delivery dates that have passed) is a problem of labels created for units just before they bulk ship from china (where they aren't tracked individually). they will pop on ups once they enter the us and get put in the system as individual packages. from pono's pedram abari overnight: everyone sorry about the confusion. this is because the ups labels were printed in china, the packages were bulk shipped to us and will be shipped out from cincinatti i believe. during this time, the orders show up in ups as having made no progress. but the progress should pick up once us ups starts the delivery. i have a kickstarter unit myself that is basically in the same boat. no worries everything should be delivered within the next few days.
@shawn thanks for posting here to keep folks up to date with shipping issues.
@jerry your such a "a" hole.
i've communicated with phil baker of pono via email, who has routed information to me from the support supervisor. from what he tells me, the support team believes that what i was told over the phone today was a mistake. the official word is still that this is ups error due to heavy holiday tracking, and pono believes that all have indeed been shipped. they are expected to arrive this week, on schedule, whether or not ups's tracking information can remain up-to-date. i will update with any further information that i find out, as i find it out.
with regard to the ups issue, i just called pono support. the gentleman took my name to find my account information and told me that my ponoplayer is still in the warehouse in china, and has yet to be shipped, but he has no idea why this is the case. he told me someone else had called with this issue last night, and that it's currently being escalated, and they're investigating as to what is causing this to happen. this was after phil baker's post on the pono community, and it directly contradicts what he has said. they will be getting in touch with me tomorrow about this. they are compiling a list of everyone who calls in with this complaint, so i recommend that everybody who is having this issue call the pono support number at 800-611-0580, which goes from 6am to 6pm pacific every day, including weekends. even if they can't resolve this issue for us immediately, we need to make it clear to pono that this is a major issue, and their support line is one avenue through which we can do that. the sooner you call, the better.
@? nice. ? = another fanboy
@amanda - because of duties on goods with certain countries where pono is shipped. the fee you paid for delivery only covered the transportation. pono had mentioned this recently in one of their updates that the duties would still need to be paid for (where they apply). challenges with certain countries our logistics team informs us that certain countries' laws and regulations (mostly those outside of us, canada, and eu) may result in delivery challenges. if you happen to be from one of these countries, we will be reaching out to you shortly to work with you to overcome these issues and ship you your reward. please be on the lookout for messages from our logistics team on kickstarter . countries requiring additional taxes, duties, or paperwork to clear customs there are a few countries where there are additional taxes, duties and paperwork required. if you live in one of the countries below, you will be soon be receiving an email to confirm that you are aware of these issue to clear customs and schedule your the delivery. alternatively, you can provide us a shipping address in the us or canada. • azerbaijan • argentina • brazil • korea • russia* • portugal • cyprus • romania • belarus • indonesia • colombia • philippines (*unfortunately due to russia’s new requirements the shipments to individuals are not permitted by companies that do not have an office in the country.)
jerry, what the fuck are you talking about! my boycott of starbucks has nothing to do with neil young's supposed calls for people to boycott starbucks. i boycott it, and have been since day one, for my own personal reasons...just like i boycott walmart, fox "noise", itunes, apple computers, the republican party (and anything associated with their backward thinking), the kkk, confederate flag waving mother-fuckers, rap music, most bubble-gum pop music, "smart phones", commercials, and the opinions of people i know to be "stupid fucks". as far as progressives being "required" to only buy and only consume "organic" shit, well...i'm still a junk food junkie, and it is almost impossible to tell where the fuck your food was produced, how the fuck it was produced, and what the fuck is in the shit. that's just the nature of today's market place. so...fuck off with you constant flow of hate and bullshit that spews forth from your mind and your keyboard. as far as me talking to you and anybody else on here goes...this is the fucking end! good fuckin' bye!
@siltech pretty sure tim horton is also a neil bs issue with gmo's. shame on you fanboy bla bla bla
@john progressive types in louisville. kind of comical missing the whole point of neil's boycott of starbucks. drink it when it's free. guess all of the organic bs and gmo bs surrounding his boycott is just that bs. why would you not buy  the supposedly organic natural non go stuff but drink it when it's free. likely neil drinks it as well when it's free. ha ha ha bla bla bla pono
hey charles ebert, the bamboo box you got with your black pono player is smaller than the ones the limited editions came it. (i follow the posts a lot over on the pono community and happened to see a photo or two.) still, it is a very handy storage container for you guys. my slightly larger one is still sitting on the entertainment stand in the bedroom until i decide where to display it or if i am going to put it into storage.
but as great as born to run sounds, pono music world still won't recognize my player when plugged in.  frankly, i wish the program were at beta level but alas its really barely cooked and obviously needs a lot of developer attention right away
@charles ebert.  you are right.  garry is a wildly underrated bassist.  ive also been enjoying the quiet creeks and exhales on nebraska
i got mine wednesday.  it is a black one and i live in north carolina.  i took the day off because myups said it was coming between 11 and 3.  it arrived at 7:30 that night.  damn christmas ruins everything! the first surprise was that it came with the bamboo box.  i had been under the impression that only the le people would get the nice boxes.  so that's cool. it took me a couple of days and a call to support to figure out how to load it because i don't find pono music world to be very intuitive and i'm not very good at following instructions apparently.  but i got it loaded up in the end and i put on my new momentums, queued up born to run, and walked the dog.   what a pleasure it is to fall in love with your favorite album for the second time!  that, if nothing else, is worth the money.  i thought i had memorized every "heh" and "huh" in she's the one but apparently i'd only heard half of them.  there's a lot of stuff he's doing vocally down in the mix that i'd missed.  also i've never fully appreciated how great a bassist gary w. tallent is.  on the pono you can really hear his labyrinthine bass lines and perfect flourishes.  the mp3 version on my iphone just drowns it all in a muddle. i am very happy.  thank you neil.
fyi for those not following discussions over at the pono community.  phil baker from pono posted a brief response today to several queries from folks who's pono is listed as shipped on the pono site, but only shown as having a label generated over at ups (for some, this status remains after several days).  it could be that the labels are prepped awaiting a bulk shipment from china (which seems to be the way many are coming to the states these days, i.e. the point of origin lists only a u.s. address, and there is no indication of its departure from china).  but that is only my speculation.  phil's comment was: "all players have been shipped and are on their way (except those without complete address/phone information). i can't explain the discrepancies in the notifications and ups tracking information, but based on previous discussions here, ups data often lagged behind what was actually occurring on the ground. we expect all deliveries to be completed by next week." hopefully, the last sentence will be of comfort to most of you waiting.  for those still dealing with address issues, like jerry, keep pressing to make sure they have you info right. lord willin' and the creek don't rise (as my folks used to say when i was growing up), you'll all be rockin' in the free world before christmas. peace!
we independent/progressive types in and around louisville drink heine brothers coffee (independent chain in louisville, kentucky).  starbucks can go to hell, for all i'm concerned! the only things i have ever bought from them were two different compilation cd's that featured a rare track from one of my bands i like that couldn't be obtained anywhere else. the only coffee of theirs i have ever had was free at a couple of conferences i had to attend. yeah, i'll drink their overpriced crap...for free!
i'm enjoying a cup of tim hortons.
@neil your paid fanboys are doing fine but siltech and wc need a few new lines.
@neil your paid fanboys are doing fine but siltech and wc need a few new lines.
@andy, i'm so glad you love it! it is amazing.
@neil just got a ups email to bad it's just another xmas package. nothing from pono music farce maybe santa  will bring us a new ceo
@alexander adema sorry to hear you got a lemon at least you have a nice box. to bad this thing is prone to having battery issues. be careful if it gets hot i would personally not use a unit with a defective battery li ion batteries can be dangerous. did the battery work at all or did they forget to put one in it?
@neil make sure you don't stop to fast you might find your fanboys siltech and o'boogie half way up your butt. and your bs about starbucks is working? not starbucks stock is up 13 percent since your boycott started. maybe ill have you boycott my favorite stock as well.
just received my pj le and immediately downloaded pj @ joe louis arena 2014 and chili peppers @ prague 2012 in flac. my expectations going in were low as i am no audiophile. i just enjoy great sounding music. but as soon as i hit play i just about hit the floor. just a phenomenal sound. i couldn't be more pleased with my reward. o'boogie you were right all along !!
thats a good point, marton.
actually i don't even think the software is needed for firmware updates. it's probably just a matter of downloading and transferring the update file to the right folder (which the software does for you, but you could also do it manually i guess).
@eric.  thanks.  yeah, maybe ill brave it later for the firmware.  the crash reports and frustration reports have been overwhelming though.
@dave, i think you need the software to get firmware updates, just not to load music.  pmw won't kill your computer (in all likelihood) it just isn't very efficient yet for managing the player.
@eric , @o'boogie  i will take your advice for the rest of the songs. thanks.
player sounds great.  when do we think it will be safe to download the software since its clear that its not safe to do so now?
@doug, great news! enjoy it. :-)
happy day! just received my ny-le. thank you so much to the people who put in a great effort to make the pono happen. first purchase from pono music was the who - quadrophenia. can't wait to get home and have a listen. :)
@fred anderson.  lots of people have reported that.  ensure you have the latest update of the pmw app and the latest firmware (because that is one of the issues jriver has been addressing in their updates to the program), but your best bet is side loading to the microsd (that is, connecting the sd directly to your computer and copying files to it.)
side load it in finder windows, @fred. skip the software.
just got my pono yesterday (basic black).  i am getting a very slow transfer rate.  is that common?  for example.. right now i am transferring a 500mb file and it is estimated at over one hour to complete.  that seems like an awfully long time.  am i doing something wrong?  btw, i am using the pono world app and a mac to transfer
shocker.
i just received my pono player, cool :)
i like your zingers too jerry and i really enjoy starbucks now.
zingers? i'm not sure that's what i'd call those ... hahahaha. oh, dear.
@jerry - i didn't say it before, but i actually like your one-liner zingers.  they always give me a chuckle. i'm still hoping yours shows up soon--so you can enjoy it like the rest of us (after you fight through issues with firmware updates, loading music, and ejecting it from your computer--it's a little tricky).
@fred cracklin - on ups my choice, the delivery actually listed a delivery timeframe (between 1:30 and 5:30 in my case).
4 hour window
ups supposedly gives a 4 delivery window. does anybody know where i can find out that info?
big time
you guys, jerry has brain damage. just try to keep that in mind.
@jerry - don't let these people bring you down.  keep fighting the good fight.
quick review of my le pono after a bit more than a week of owning it: 1. sound is excellent 2. battery is defective and will not charge at all, making my pono not portable 3. the power supply comes with us prongs which cannot be used in europe, i had to buy an adapter 4. the display resolution is mediocre 6. look and feel of the player itself are okay but definitely not 'premium', partially because the moving parts don't feel solid 7. the bamboo box is very nice, although it is more premium than the pono itself which makes unpacking a mixed pleasure 8. i will report later on how customer service handles my defective unit, so far it's mostly waiting
has anyone here also pledged for a 1964|adel realloud earphone? reads like would be a great companion with the pono. "https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1043330169/realloud-technology-that-saves-your-hearing-and-yo" although delivery is forecast may 2015.
@tmh,@duncan brown & @jdc, my tp, having done a tour of asia, has today, according to ups tracking, arrived at akl but might be delayed in reaching me in chc on ups scheduled delivery date of 15/12/2014 due to: "your package may be delayed due to a required document inspection by the clearing agency. / your package is at the clearing agency awaiting further release."
if only this pono could talk about its travels. these are all the places it has visited in the last few days (its destination is australia). it's apparently now back in taiwan (last update) changi, singapore shenzhen, china pampanga, philippines taoyuan, taiwan chek lap kok, hong kong chek lap kok, hong kong shenzhen, china china (start)
@neil your paid fanboys are doing fine but siltech and wc need a few new lines.
jerry take your meds
hi, i just received my pono yesterday - but why was i charged again upon delivery?????
thanks shawn and dewar. there's only one thread on pono community website and its not that active. ive never used wine but i guess its a good time to learn.
can someone recommend a few ultra-hd (192/24) albums that work well as a showcase for the player?  the selection on the pono store is pretty dismal.
my tracking is messed up too. there hasnt been an update since monday. still says its supposed to be here tomorrow.
dear santa, can you please expedite jerry's pono player?  he's a pos loser troll crybaby. thanks, everyone
siltech = fanboy
siltech = cfm
@eric price...thanks for your post on ups tracking issues...i received the shipping email from pono on the 9th and info showing in myups as "order processed ready for ups" and hasn't changed..gives the impression it hasn't been received yet by ups, other than electronic info...maybe it is making its way to me...
ebay= ebay
@wc =fanboy
jerry = clown shoes
@clown executive officer any word on delivery status? still no emails with delivery info?
no microsd to sd card adapter supplied.....when you buy a new microsd card it should have an adapter.
ok it arrived first thoughts sad it didnt come in the bamboo box (australian customs).  but still well presented pono wall charger.  useless as it is us connection player:  feels good and light in the hand.  weirdly had to use the usb  in the box to charge it as the one for my blackberry wouldn't work.  glad i also ordered a clear one, as the aluminium looks like it could scratch easily screen,  looks pretty average, but that is because i am used to iphone retina displays.  takes me back to original ipod music:  three tom petty albums and most importantly wildflowers in hi res.  woo-hoo will let it play for 50 hours to burn in
@fred the internal storage and sd card both show up as standard mass storage devices when plugged into your computer. you should be fine with linux.
@fred cracklin try using wine. since the program looks antiquated it may work well. ��
matt agree on the software, as i said yesterday was expecting something much better given the jriver influence, but it feels like windows 2000 media player haven't got my pono yet (still in asia) but will try it without using the softwars
wife just signed for my clear pono delivery today!
@eric mine too says its been in nj since monday. china isnt even in the shipment history. youre probably right about ups being swamped. it still says it should be here tomorrow though.
@ mark p.  others in the pmw community have reported this.  it may simply be a ups problem (as i note mine first popped up in nj on monday, never showed it leaving, but was reported out for delivery from kansas city today).  it looks like ups is swamped and scans aren't making it into the public side of the tracking system.  i've got a couple of amazon shipments that have done the same thing (i.e. no tracking data, but then just show up). so hopefully, yours is actually moving and not just sitting.
@rick thanks. i run ubuntu thats why i was asking. i guess im fudged.
so pono met the deadline by creating my shipping label on dec 8 but three days later it still hasn't shipped.  anyone else see this?
@fred, you can do that manually through explorer (windows) from one drive to the other.  however, there isn't a way from the device itself if its not connected to a computer.
thanks. another question, can music be transfered from the sd card on to the player's hdd?
is anyones pono making some odd choices in transit or is it just mine? it started in china and now it's back in china three days later??
@fred, i just checked my box, and there is no adapter.  i bought a sony 64gb microsdxc uhs-i memory card and it includes an adapter.
@fred, i can't remember. i think so?
does the box include an adapter for the microsd card? i don't think i have one.
thanks! just didn't want to spend christmas day wrestling with software!
@duncan, you're all set. you can just stick the card in, and you're in business.
my black player has arrived and with great will power i've reluctantly agreed for my kids to give it me as a christmas present... so its been hidden away and now got to wait...again! just a quick question in the meanwhile ....i already have a micro sd card with 40gb music on there ......will i be able to simply slot that into the player and be good to go straight away..or is the process more complicated? sorry if this is a stupid question......
figured it out.  they had me upload the music and then use there software to convert to flac even though they already were in the right format they told me to do it again.  so it was the software reading the music.  very weird.  but all is correct now.
@bryan, i would load around the software.  when you plug the player into the usb port, it should show up in explorer (windows) as a drive letter.  copy and paste your music that way.
anyone else still waiting for a player?  my ny le has been in "order processed, ready for ups" since monday evening.  i feel like i will be the absolute last backer to get delivery.
so i got it to show 2 out of 10 albums.  its so damn weird.  any idea why not showing the songs even though it says there on there and in the music folder?  i uploaded 10 albums and 2 show.
well im updated to the latest and its still not showing music on the pono.  music is in the folders and in the software but nothing showing on the pono itself.  can i do a reset somehow?
hahahaha. cutting off your nose to spite your own face. you can use it without using the software. i am very much enjoying my player. thank you! bye now!
received my black unit yesterday.  immediately listed it on ebay without opening the box.  why?  i downloaded and played with the pono software.  that's some jenky, slow/bloated nonsense that i just won't deal with.  probably not a deal-killer for many, but felt very 2002 to me.  enjoy your players everyone.
just wanted to let you guys know that sound quality of the pono is stunning. been trying out some tracks (20-bit recording of kitaro's best of ten years) on our hifi-setup at home and comparing it with the sony nwz-a15 hi-res player which a member of my family recently bought, and found there is a big difference in quality compared with the pono. the pono soundstage on the caravansary track can only be described as 'musical', 'natural', and 'well-pitched' compared to the sony which sounded very clinical/cold if not muddy and out of focus at times (on the instruments). the 'harp', 'violin' and background bass on the track was very apparent....there were lots of presence with the pono and it was all very clear and defined (which was lost in the 16-bit versions of this track that i tested). same went with peter gabriel's sledgehammer 2012 remastered version of so, and pink floyd's classic dark side of the moon - the drums were tight on both albums, the guitars was clearly spacious as was the percussion....and the recordings sounded very much like as if one was in the soundstage with the bands playing live! am going to be trying out the 'obligatory' phil collins' face value test album next to see how it goes, but i'm already quite giddy about the quality of sound from this unit... :)
they said all along the clear ponos would not be engraved or numbered. that shouldn't come as a surprise since they were very clear (harhar) about that from the beginning, whether there's room for it to be engraved or not.
@jason chau - did the firmware update already, it was the first thing i did when i connected it to my pc. i'll dilly dally with it a bit and see if i can figure out a solution. it's transferring music, but in chunks. hope i can eventually get it all to transfer somehow. disconnecting and reconnecting it doesn't fix things.
just got my clear pono, putting music on it now, albeit slowly. very disappointed that "pre-loaded with a ponomusic sampler specially curated by our founding team" really turned out to be 2 neil young albums. i was looking forward to, say, a "sampler specially curated," something that would really show off its sound. maybe the pono team can offer a credit for an extra album or two because that was seriously misleading (or intentionally deceptively vague-- either way feels disrespectful to the backers). i also can't get over the fact that the limited edition signature series units were numbered (although not explicitly stated in description), but the limited edition clear units were in no way numbered or noted as such. there's enough frosted/opaque plastic to be engraved or otherwise marked without taking anything away from the design.
@barry "ahamkara" mowery - you probably haven't done/missed the 1.0.3. firmware update first for the player which is crucial. what you need to do is remove the minisd card from the pono, then in the pono music world app go to tools > options > handheld and click remove all devices. then (if is not connected) connect the pono to your computer. a message should pop up on the pono screen saying yes or no for a firmware update. click yes and let it restart. once done, put your minisd card back in the pono and sync with the pono app using the actions panel on the bottom left of the app.
ok siltech, thanks for the clarification and info. i do believe it's something else, but it being uncompressed will account for some of the increase in needed space. i think it's something to do with the software, cause it says on my device after syncing i only have 35gb used, but it refuses to transfer any more to my device.
@ david berck i have gotta agree with you on the non-mass send-out of players being somewhat extraordinary. kind of indicated to me the company hasn't really gotta handle on just how big they need to be in processing but i think and hope they have learned.  now as to the issue of other product, what electronics engineer who works in audio wouldn't already be rolling with a collection of hi-res players. i find my x1 has more drive over the x5 and weighs less. the are short though on what i want and that's robust feel but that's another story. if i could afford it (like my saudi friend) it'd be an astel & kern but at over $3000 the pono has merit for me even though things are very much in early stage...
non compressed = better sound.
compressing makes the file smaller so you can fit more songs on your personal listening device. aac and mp3 encoders compress the data by removing audio you wouldn’t be able to hear unless you have bionic ears. aiff, wav, and apple lossless encoders transform the data without removing any audio so it can be played on your computer or iphone. one minute of cd-quality audio requires 10mb of storage. cd-quality audio is about 44,000 khz per second with 16 bits of data over two channels for stereo listening.
pono downloads are not compressed.
barry, i think apple compresses music files, when you download on ipad 4. it will then decompress when you play back. this is how they save hd space.
just got my pono player today. i know this isn't a huge deal, but it kind of is to me. i synced my library of songs that are on my pc to my player. the exact same files i fit on my ipod 4, along side tons of apps. i have about 35gb of songs. i can't fit all the same files on my pono player. there's 54gb internal and a 64gb sd card (about 54gb actually) of space, and i can't fit the same 40gbs of files i have on my ipod 4? something's wrong here...
my tom petty one has now arrived in singapore.  may make the forecast delivery date tomorrow my clear one has left shenzhen for hk.  wonder if it will go on the same adventure?
my last update said it had just arrived here: chek lap kok, hong kong
@tmh & @ duncan brown mine too is on the tour de asia, recently arrived sin (changi), singapore. next stop chc, nz, hopefully?
@tmh my pono must be with yours. it also has been doing a tour of asia and has gone back to china.
thing is i did update it, it asked me to and i did and still a no show.  im going to try to uninstall the software and reinstall and add songs from there i guess
in preparation for the arrival of my pono (once it completes its asian site seeing tour) i downloaded the pono music software. i cant believe people think itunes is bad,  this is appalling.  i thought based on jriver it would be quite user friendly, but it inst anyway, is there anyone on this forum who has mastered it?  i have a large itunes collection, and it started importing them.  i actually dont want that to happen.  i also want to hold my pono music library on a nas drive, but it doesn't seem to give me that option anyone mastered it?
@bryan, update your firmware.
got mine, loaded music, all flac by dragging dropping into folder "music".  it ended up only showing 2 out of 10 albums and said the wrong amount of space on the device.  and now after removing 1 album the pono shows no music on it at all, totally empty even though theres music on it. help?
so in the past 48 hours (according to ups) my pono has gone shenzhen (china) ->hong kong->taiwan->phillipines->and back to shenzhen where it is currently sitting wtf????????????????
i just checked my ups my choice, and it finally indicates that the player has been "delivered"! my wife signed for it. now, all i have to do is make it through another 30 minutes of work and another 45 to 55 minutes of commute time. yes!
shipped!
has anyone who received their player also back the rainforest connection project? i was wondering how we would receive that pono reward of the hi rez recording of the rainforest.
ok, my player has been shipped, looks like i'm gonna get it soon, maybe before the end of the week, cool :)
@eric  well said sir!
@ jerry by the way, i don't have mine in hand yet.  i was supposed to have one in october like so many of us. yet if you'll note, my posts here been to help others.  to point them to where to find information or clarify misunderstandings, if i can (like the vat issue, or what they december 8 "deadline" was--i.e.production, not delivery).  even my posts to you are intended to help.  you are certainly free to cloak yourself in anger and frustration, man, but that's not going to get your pono delivered any faster.  would it help if i sang that song from frozen, 'let it go' ?    ; ) uh, perhaps it's best if i don't ... anyway, you'll get yours at some point soon, i hope.  the process won't have met your expectations, and the player will probably fall short as well (after all, plenty are complaining about difficulties they are having connecting to the software, etc.).  all indications are that the sound will meet your expectations, and that's what we came here for isn't it?
@eric, you are a patient man. you are so spot on with your comments. don't expect the goon to hear or comprehend them, however. he's got a magazine rack full of issues.
@jerry is it really incompetence? if everyone had the issues you are having then perhaps.  as to broader complaints about missed deadlines, not updating folks on what's happening, or the problems with how the "community" web works, those have all been made, so why continue to beat that dead horse? has their communication improved? yes. their last two formal updates have laid out what's happening, when production would be complete, when shipments would be made, and if you were reading the community postings, you'd see plenty of postings showing that they are meeting these new targets.  when december 8th rolled around and folks began asking if another deadline would pass unmet, someone came online to report on where they were at that moment - most have shipped, and particular les are still held up for music. neither your disagreement with their approach nor their mistakes necessarily equate to incompetence. i'm not asking you to be silent. i'm only suggesting you be constructive. bs comments about the company's politics and unfounded comments about failures to come aren't useful. ad hominem attacks against those suggesting patience are somehow more appropriate??? nobody has paid me anything. i backed this project because i believe in what is being attempted here (same as the other projects--even the unsuccessful ones). i counsel patience because i think that our impatience (my own included) is a first world problem that isn't worthy of getting screwed into the ceiling over. pono hasn't delayed an election, cancer surgery, or food and water here.  the product they promised is a physical reality, so it's not an empty promise.  when it gets delivered and how they communicate are expectations, not promises. being thankful that i'm getting a product at all, and one that appears from those who have already gotten theirs to deliver on the original vision, is good enough for me.  that does not make me a fanboy.  i just happen to realize that the faceless enterprise that you bash here repeatedly every day is made up of other people just like me.  i doubt they sit about trying to figure out how to screw me over each day and are just as eager to fulfill my expectations as i am to have them fulfilled.   they are also probably just as disappointed as i am (as we are) when they don't. i choose compassion over vitriol.
tommy, i love starbucks.
one word, retarded. this is only intended for ebay.
jerry speaks the truth.  jerry, i'm enjoying some starbucks myself at the moment.
@eric price i see you can easily impress some people. however their communication sucks where do you see it improving. i send them a message they say they have everything and now they don't. that's incompetence plain and simple. or is it creating a web forum that can't be searched? wow that's a good one as well or hiring some fanboy to post comments trying to silence anyone who says something negative. how much does he pay you guys for that service.
@ eric price, well said.
@jerry   honestly, buddy, if i was working at pono, i'd probably lose your address and i'm a nice person.  the steady stream of vitriol isn't very helpful--especially your over-the-top negative speculation.  i've backed many projects and almost every one of them has delivered late.  pebble was late and i saw people starting to bail left and right.  it was certainly their right, but frankly, the end product ended up being worth waiting for. i have one project that i'm in for $110 for that was supposed to deliver in august 2013, and still hasn't.  beset by many challenges, the creator is still working furiously to provide something to his backers.  he doesn't have to do this, of course.  he could simply declare failure after realizing that what he intended to deliver can't be done with the money he's raised, but instead, he's trying to find private investors to make up the gap and get the project rolling again. i guess i could slam that project repeatedly but what good would it do?  that wouldn't get me my money or my product.  it wouldn't "warn" others, since the backers are all bobbing on the sea in the same damned boat. i get that you don't see your pledge as investing in a vision, but it's not exactly shopping on amazon either.  ponomusic has made mistakes. they've also listened to their backers, improved communications, and worked hard to ensure that if they couldn't meet that october ship date, they'd at least do their level best not to miss christmas. i really hope you get yours soon, though i suspect that even when you have it, you'll find a host of reasons to come here and wail about something.  good luck with that. peace.  out.
@ jacob aspler - actually, update 19 was specifically to address this information.  it's easy to miss these with life being as busy as it is, but they did report this. update #19  ||  apr 6 2014 international shipping and european vat international shipping charges – very important! you are responsible for adding $15 to your pledge total if your ship-to address is outside of the continental united states. canada and mexico are also international territories. if you have made multiple pledges using different kickstarter accounts then be sure to add $15 to each pledge on each account with an international ship-to address. at the end of the campaign you will receive a kickstarter survey where you'll be able to specify/confirm your mailing address. if the mailing address you provide is outside of the united states, and you have not added the $15 shipping charge, then we will not be able to ship you your reward. please make sure you take care of this before the campaign is finished, as attempting to do it afterwards will be very challenging and will likely result in substantial additional charges. european vat (value added tax) we have had numerous inquiries about vat from our european backers. we have done extensive research to determine how we can best ease the burden of this tax on you. our final conclusion is to follow in the footsteps of other successful kickstarter campaigns: •	for pledges with european shipping addresses only: ◦	we will ship packages via ups with collect upon delivery option. • we will declare the value of our rewards as follows: ◦ t-shirt and sticker: $15 ◦	poster, t-shirt and sticker: $20 ◦	black or yellow ponoplayer: $299 ◦	limited edition ponoplayer: $399 the research from other campaigns shows some inconsistency on the collection of this tax at the shipment address upon delivery—it is most often collected, and sometimes not. it seems to depend on each country and the luck of the recipients. if you have the option to ship your rewards to a us address of a friend or family member, of course, this problem is eliminated. you are also free to cancel your pledge any time between now and the end of the campaign should the vat process or cost be unacceptable to you. however, once the campaign ends, we will proceed to build and ship your product to you if your pledge has been paid. we very much look forward to working with our supporters to revive the soul of music in the upcoming years. with our love and appreciation, the ponomusic team
i've just found out i have over 100$ in brokering fees to pay to receive my player - this is not acceptable. no where was it mentioned i should be expecting these additional fees - i've already paid the extra shipping charges you asked for shipping to canada.
@rick,  you see, neil wants people to boycott starbucks. so the goon keeps referring to it. clever, yes? or not. not at all.
@jerry i have backed another project on indigogo crowd funding site, and you sir are the only person i've heard that have such issue with pono asking users to move to their company site to keep track of the gifts and their company. pono went from an idea to a full blown global company in a matter of months and all you focus on is what is in it for yourself and everyone else be damned. and what is your point about starbucks?  a fascination with coffee?  you sure drink a lot of it it seems.
ebay is sad
jerry, you are a goon. a ridiculous, sad goon. i've been involved in multiple kickstarters. ever occur to you i might have used a different account for those other kickstarters? no. of course not. because that would take use of your tiny brain. you are seriously wacko.
@wc like you have a clue? you must have your pono and the ceo "clown executive officer" did not lose your address most crowd funders have concern about delivering a project and communicate well with the backers. they are trying to get people to give them money and they are usually grateful and show their appreciation by giving rewards and communicating well with them. but of course the experts who have backed 1 project = rick  or 2 projects= boogie  know everything not sure about what.
@rick, truer words have never spoken. some people are batshit crazy. fact. it's a bit scary, actually.
thanks for the info @jason!
@rick, some people, ( i.e. jerry & chris knauf), have no clue when it comes to crowd funding a project.
wow, maybe the reason pono moved away from this page, are the people that lose their minds over silly things over here. who pissed in their cheerios?
dear cheap a$$ mr. young, you're 2 months late and you ship ups ground from ny to pdx, thanks for sh^**&ng on your customers again.  good job.
also another mention for pono users (who aren't familiar with hi-def file conversion), i would highly recommend that if you have the original cds or have them on itunes (which the pono app can import from), to re-import the cd using the ponomusic app. this is because the cd bitrate is a full 1440kbps and not 192kbps as you would find on typical itunes files… :)
@neil young would you please go and wake up mahalo and have him send me my pono i'll go have a nice hot cup of starbucks coffee while you figure it out
@mahalo i just got an email from you, what do you mean you dont have my shipping info on october 25th i sent you a message and you replied 3 days later that you had all the info. i originally sent you all of my info on the kickstarter survey back on may 29th. i also told you that i had no intention of participating in your pono farce music sit as i did not authorize you to put my info on it and it was verified by your team and kickstarter that you did not have to do that and you have all of the information that you need. so please explain how you lost my personal information, you know that same information that you claimed was safe. obviously that was a lie as you lost it. so send me my pono player as you have what you need if not then please explain what happened to it. of course you can always send me a full refund as their are now lots of hi rez players on the market and i will get one of them. see prior messages jerry oct 25, 2014 how are we coming on shipping can't wait.  do you have all of my shipping information as i do not use the pono music site thanks the ponomusic team oct 28, 2014 report spam hi jerry, yes, we have all of your shipping information. thank you!
got the pono
@ fred cracklin if you have a tracking number from ups and can see the status via their website, you should have delivery options including changing date and possibly address. may be worth checking ups first.
@ neil will you soon be posting an update explaining what happened to our ponos that you did not deliver. bla bla bla pono
well we may not be able to get the bamboo box, but at least the australian government doesn't charge duty on anything bought online for less than au$1000.
foo fighters le arrived here in scotland yesterday. i like the feel of the unit - the signatures almost look printed rather than engraved - but they look great. however, perhaps my band knowledge isn't what it should be, i'm counting 5 band members rather than the 4 who 'signed' my pono. from what i can tell, pat smear isn't there. can anyone educate me on that?! screen: i'm not too concerned about the quality of the screen but it is garbage. there's no dressing that up. it scrolls and orientates itself very smoothly but for anyone used to having a decent mobile device the poor quality display will definitely come as a surprise. the buttons are clicky/clunky, which i actually prefer and the touchscreen works well enough. the albums: foo fighters and wasting light plus the ny track from harvest. i had hoped for sonic highways but this is a minor grumble. there is a distinct difference in sound quality between the two albums (not sure whether the file quality is different) but wasting light sounds superb, playing through grado gr10 in-ear headphones. the process: clearly a few of us have had to be patient and i do think it's unfortunate that those that committed early weren't delivered first. given the scale of ambition and the magnitude of the project, to me, a few bumps were to be anticipated and i should have known about the additional cost etc. had i known the local tax rules. the more recent updates on delivery timings and the commitment to deliver pre-christmas have certainly set my expectations and are hopefully for those remaining. i hope you get your units soon - you will be impressed. minor grumbles aside i'm really looking forward to loading a few of my other albums and putting it to work over the christmas holidays. all the best, and many thanks to all at pono.
srsly?! you are claiming not to have an address.. and send a link to another service to spread data betreen services even more although it has been entered at kickstarter already. why the hell caint you use this?
my yellow player has just been shipped as of yesterday.  should arrive in new zealand on monday the 15th...  getting excited now :)
thanks pfc2
@tmh, dvd audio extractor will work on dvd-a and blu-ray discs to extract the audio from them if you have the proper drives to read them. works perfectly.  though you may need an encryption breaking program like anydvd to read the blu-ray's with dvdae software. sacd is another matter, and i think you have to have a playstation to do it.
@tmh - hopefully it is just a volume issue in the early stages as more tracks, titles and competition become available. competition and volume should improve consumer economics overtime...i hope.
thanks pfc2, another source to remember looks like these stores are only doing albums.  didn't they learn anything form itunes?
i see that crime of the century ahs finally been release on blu ray pure audio just in time for pono can anyone advise a good program (mac based) to rip the files from blu ray and dvd audio?  i know you cant do it for sacd's
right on jdc . i got a nych le with the bamboo box. maybe it slipped through  undeclared. i can't remember what the tax was - to be honest i didn't really care - around about $nz100. the bamboo box is nice but hey - what do you do with a box? high res music doesn't take up much space. the pono really does like the south pacific air. my son bought me a t-shirt ' i'm a hardcore pono addict' ( not with the logo as that is copyright) so all is happy in pono land. enjoy when it arrives.
received my pono and am thoroughly enjoying it. looking forward to the pono music store opening in the spring for canadian customers but for those canadian pono users looking for legal music downloads that work on pono, i have been using prostudiomasters, which is  a canadian online music store for high-resolution audio downloads in pcm / aiff, flac and dsd / dsf formats. http://www.prostudiomasters.com.  dropdown menu lets you pick from a few formats and corresponding prices. not quite as big as someone like accousticsounds or hdtracks but since many digital rights are geography based, prostudiomasters has a very good selection of albums and genres for someone looking for some quality music.  i have purchased 11 albums in flac 192.0 khz 24-bit and i am appreciating the quality of the music and the user interface on the site. i have been purchasing some christmas gifts for myself including heart, muddy waters, crowded house, ccr, patsy cline, lynyrd skynyrd and…..queue the angels, sunshine and choir….crime of the century was just made available today. anyways, thought i would pass this along.
@ paul gains, i think rocky mountain way is from nz and he received his a while ago. he even got the restricted box apparently.
... and also customs duty & gst charges... anyone else in new zealand already received their ks pono?
half an hour ago "ready for shipment" tp ks le pono, now "shipped" with tracking # :) ups eta 15/12/2014 be interesting to see what the bamboo box has been replaced with for new zealand...
my pono is coming friday! it's going to come down to luck if i'm home to sign for it. is there a way i can have change the signature requirements on ups website?
manufacturing in china makes good economic sense. labour and unions are not really a factor. environmental, health and safety and many patent copy write rules are disregarded. china is very corrupt, politically. many businesses relocated their factories to china to take advantage of this form of wild west capitalism, similar to the u.k. and u.s 100 plus years ago. since then the west has become enlightened and stopped doing what china persists in doing. china is in the early growth phase. as it's economy matures, cost advantages will dissipate as rules are tightened and workers demand more. then industry will find somewhere else. this is how globalization works.
cost?
somehow i doubt they even looked for manufacturers in the us.
@mark p.  "order submitted" sounds like the info you get at the pono site if you click on your user name and then on "my orders."  instead, you need to click on the address verification link provided in updates 50 & 51.  that will give you a better idea of the status of your order.  here is the link, so you don't have to find it. https://ponomusic.force.com/ccrz__ccpage…
6. why is the ponoplayer made in china? why not make it in the usa?  most all consumer products are made in china because that's where the parts are made, where the experienced factories are located, and where there's the flexibility to scale up rapidly as demand requires. we'd love to build products in america but unfortunately the resources and parts suppliers are unavailable. while cost is also an important reason, it's less of an issue than other factors mentioned. but we will be offering ponoplayer cases and other accessories that are made in the u.s.
it looks like the us ones are shipping from (or through) ny.  my tracking started there, not china.
another day... no package, no message from pono, no message from ups, no email, still says "order submitted" my 24bit 192 johnny mathis christmas album is collecting dust.
@simon, i know. i am cracking up. seriously.
just wanted to share with everyone (as i have one of these), i think this is the perfect companion to the pono - a toblerone shaped speaker… :) http://www.p4c.philips.com/cgi-bin/dcbint/cpindex.pl… as for the delivery issues i do want to stress to everyone i believe the reason pono is using ups for deliveries (and reason why the duties are so heavy in us/canada and europe) is because of the stringent global laws in place now regarding shipment of lithium-ion batteries. i know that in hong kong at least, shipment of goods with lithium batteries is forbidden by normal post, so i assume that ups must have a special provision to be able to ship them out this way. david elliston - it's being shipped from china because that's where the pono factory is. as for the resend, i suggest you go to the ponomusic.force..com website and ask pono support there for answers as they don't seem to respond well to this page.
don't like the green motherboard?  i think that takes the biscuit.  it really does.
i received a ups notice while i was away on business. my wife told me it was $95 duty and was shipped from china. didn't realize it was the pono player as i had never received a shipping notice and didn't bother to arrange to pay and get it. will they try to resend or how do i get it now. why is there so much duty and why is it coming from china?
got the pono this morning. looks great - when it's charged i'll be loading it. just so you know, canada - lovely canada - added almost $100 of duty and hst. whine, snivel, complain - you know how it goes. thanks, guys. on time and everything. are you sure this is a kickstarter?
@simon kus -  you'll likely see a shipping notice soon then (hopefully you have set up ups my choice).   i wouldn't yet say that a deadline hasn't been met.  the last update said that remaining ponos would be manufactured between 2 - 8 december.  they still have to be inspected, (individually packaged), married up with your order number, and then individually shipped from china (which appears to be happening in some cases) or bulk shipped to a country for distribution (which might be happening since at least some shipping notices show stateside locations as the point of origin).  if yours says soon to be shipped then it is somewhere in the supply chain as a physical product and you'll almost certainly be getting it before christmas, which is the deadline they set for receipt of your player in the last update.  many of yesterday's shipping notices initially indicated 15 december as a delivery day and were subsequently updated to 10 or even 9 december. so they look like they are on track with their last stated deadlines/goals with the big push going on now.  i hope you see that shipping notification soon.
european vat (value added tax) we have had numerous inquiries about vat from our european backers. we have done extensive research to determine how we can best ease the burden of this tax on you. our final conclusion is to follow in the footsteps of other successful kickstarter campaigns: • for pledges with european shipping addresses only: ◦ we will ship packages via ups with collect upon delivery option. • we will declare the value of our rewards as follows: ◦ t-shirt and sticker: $15 ◦ poster, t-shirt and sticker: $20 ◦ black or yellow ponoplayer: $299 ◦ limited edition ponoplayer: $399 the research from other campaigns shows some inconsistency on the collection of this tax at the shipment address upon delivery—it is most often collected, and sometimes not. it seems to depend on each country and the luck of the recipients. if you have the option to ship your rewards to a us address of a friend or family member, of course, this problem is eliminated. you are also free to cancel your pledge any time between now and the end of the campaign should the vat process or cost be unacceptable to you. however, once the campaign ends, we will proceed to build and ship your product to you if your pledge has been paid. we very much look forward to working with our supporters to revive the soul of music in the upcoming years. with our love and appreciation, the ponomusic team
look at update number 19. the fees shouldn't come as a surprise.
just arrived my pono black, but an extra 123,54 eur for custom duties are required, so the delivery is postponed to tomorrow. reading in comments and forums and so on noticed me that is quite unavoidable paying this. but the extra money in the amazon payments for non-us shipments aren't intended to cover this? very bad surprise...
@eric price yes, i checked the site and verified my address when the last update from pono was given. my unit is not in the exceptions of either artist content delivery or location that requires a cardboard box. my unit still says processing - soon to be shipped. i ordered a neil young signature series edition pono. none of what you posted should have applied to me. i'm concerned that there is no new update after another deadline is crossed.
hi all, thought to mention to you all that i received my pono player unit (eagles edition) earlier today and am very happy with the unit having gotten the notice of shipping only 2 days ago. however i would like to stress before you begin using your player, to download the ponomusic world app and perform a firmware update first with the unit (with the included minisd card removed from the pono, and only inserted after the unit restarts). this is vitally important. otherwise you might discover file syncing issues with the app. the unit comes with firmware version 1.0.1. the update will bring it up to version 1.0.3.
@ simon kus  have you checked using the link given in update 50/51 (the address verify page)?  you should see a status there -- soon to be manufactured, soon to be shipped, etc.  that will give you an idea of what's going on.  i noted earlier that i received word from ups about mine shipping and the pono alert came about 12 hours later. here was the update posted to the ponomusic.force.com community yesterday, which is where updates are being posted and conversation taking place regularly.  visiting there is the best way to keep up with what is going on -- either from official sources posting there, or through the conversations going on (like all the folks posting yesterday about getting their shipping notices). from pono most units have shipped. exceptions are csny, tegan and sara, emmylou harris, kenny rogers, zz top, whose contents were delayed by the record companies, and received yesterday. also some units requiring a cardboard box. these should go out in 2 days. we still have over 2000 units with incomplete address/phone information that ups will not accept for shipment. (25% us, 75% rest of world). we are pouring over these lists to try to fix where we can. some have wrong state/country abbreviation, put a business name on a recipient name, etc. these are not our rules, but ups rules. your shipping notices will come about 2 days after leaving shenzhen, but several days before delivery. make sure you folks are going to the address update page and checking for green checks on your delivery information. use the link below: https://ponomusic.force.com/ccrz__ccpage…
hi jacky wong, i received my clear ponoplayer as well in singapore and i agree the design is....underwhelming with glue on the opposite side of the area just below the screen and the plus volume increase button. didn't like the green motherboard as well and wonder how it will fare from a drop of the whole plastic shell will crack. having said that about the appearance i rate the sound highly and i think pono backers are in for a treat when you receive it. yeah agree on the jack issue wonder where we can get protective casing for pono that is drop proof. all in all the chrome players still look the sturdiest and best value of all the models.
down the road again.        willie _-_________?
@creator is there any updates now that we are past another deadline? i purchased the ny le pono and there are no updates, posts, or emails to indicate that anything has been done. when it was posted originally that the players would be delivered in priority i thought i would have one of the first players. from all the comments with no response from anyone at ponomusic it doesn't look very good. i have backed several projects on kickstarter and none of them have been this bad with their deadlines.
oh, @jerry. the irony. that. is. spectacular. @sean, it is bizarre. i really worry about some people's emotional well being. perspective. get some.
i got my ups notice last night and i'm getting my black pono tomorrow.  there are no meetings on my work schedule tomorrow so i'm going to take the day off and wait for delivery.   three months late.  when you consider the technical nature of this project and the fact that they overshot their goal by a couple orders of magnitude--sure, they have more monetary resources but they also have more ponos to make and deliver than they had planned--that's pretty impressive.  frankly, i wasn't expecting to get this thing until next year.   i would have liked a little more communication from the company but in the end it's understandable that there would be kinks in a new company's processes.  remember they are not just trying to design and manufacture something new, they are also trying to set up a new organization with support, software and things that a person like me with no business experience can even think of.  that's not even considering dealing with labels for music and setting up the download service.  that's a lot of balls in the air for a new company.  i guess i'm making excuses for them but really, if you are not willing to be patient with learning curves, you probably shouldn't be on kickstarter.
yeah, there's been some progress, mine says "processing - soon to be shipped". i hope i'll get it soon :) not related: i found a teardown if anyone's interested in what's inside :) http://mikebeauchamp.com/2014/12/pono-player-teardown/
finally looks like there might be movement at the station
free stuff? big discount on player including no taxes, free hi res upgrades for life (granted, could be useless depending on your own physical health)...these things are not enough for a kickstarter that ran 3 months behind schedule (for some)?  there really is no explaining the amount of vitriol being expressed here, unless you've either been fed your whole life with a silver spoon, or conversely, kicked like a damn dog your whole life.  i seriously don't get it.
@o'boogie - what do i expect them to do? show some simple respect to the backers who have been waiting while others have received the same player a month ago. yes, i'm angry and you're behaving like a petulant child. you either throw out comments that have nothing to do with the problem (how does neil posting on the forums accomplish placating people who are rightfully upset? hint: it doesn't.) or are just insulting. just another sycophant. you want to poke at people by saying they're wasting their time posting on a kickstarter that funded months ago, yet you're still here reading and responding. somehow, posting here is wasting time and effort, yet you're doing the same thing. that's called hypocrisy. oh, wait, i'm sure you'll have some response you think is pithy. how do you smooth over hurt feelings? i've already said this. maybe you didn't pick it up. offer something tangible. two or three free downloaded albums. a discount on downloads for a couple of months. perhaps something from the accessories line. how about upgrading the memory card being shipped with the player? there are any number of gestures ponomusic could make rather than just say, "oops. we're really, really sorry." that's not how you keep customers. showing them some actual respect and making them feel like they're valued is.
...if not, maybe it's karma...
just today, my player went from "soon to be shipped", something like "processing" i believe, then ups had it in hand and made the estimated delivery for one week from today (dec. 15th), to a quick last change to "early delivery - estimated delivery for this wednesday (dec. 10th). that means less than 48 hours from now. i'll bet there will be plenty of others who have been waiting a long while that get this kind of status change soon (unless there is still some kind of issue with addresses, e-mails, or telephone numbers). i'm sure each and every player will make it to their owners (former pledgers).
@oboogie you are so predictable go enjoy  a starbucks and your pono
haha. i meant shut. of course.
fangirl. get it right or shit yer trap.
@oboogie you are so funny tonight must have been the fanboy comment someone made
annnnd it goes right over jerry's head. shocker. (not really.)
@oboogie figured you would have known that all days end in y go have a nice hot cup of coffee from starbucks and enjoy your pono
be patient. i finally received the ship email. i was an early black pono investor. mine is shipping out of springfield gardens, ny and will get to me thursday.
oh, look. jerry's posting nonsense again. must be a day of the week ending in "y."
sell your pono. move on. i don't know what you expect them to do. you seem irrationally angry about a music player. a little perspective might be in order, don't you think? take care.
its monday night football time and here is howard cosell's report on this day in history in 1980 https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@david berck likely he is blaming the record companies for posting the wrong songs or maybe he is posting interesting stuff like how was willies party after farm aid
@siltech i understand you go to that pono site. can you copy and paste the postings from neil young and post them here as i don't think he knows how to get to this site anymore. thanks in advance and ill send you a cup of starbucks coffee to enjoy
@creator stop hiding on your pono music farce site and talk to your backers on this comment section. the same backers that gave you 6.2 million bucks. you did not ask us when you gave our personal information to the marketing company. we have no desire to participate in it as we backed you on kickstarter. please explain why many of us still have seen no signs of delivery even though you have verified that you have the correct shipping information. “i think when you make a deal, you’ve got to stick to the deal that you have made. if you are going to change the deal, you have got to talk to the people you made a deal with and change it.” it's quite obvious you changed the deal stand by your words and talk with your backers.
and so what that neil young is posting to people on the website?  anyone can talk about how sorry they are that this or that happened. they're just words.  actually doing something substantive for the people who have been screwed over would help. posting apologies and making more empty promises does nothing to keep customers.
processing - soon to be shipped.
oh, i've been ignored on the pono website as well. apparently, you don't read things just like the pono gang.  gotta love the snarky people butting into things they don't know about yet behave as if they do.
i hope everybody is checking your status at the ponomusic.com website (using the address verification page mentioned in updates 50 and 51).  lots of shipping notices today.  it seems that today's alerts have come first through ups and only later in the day an update to pono's data.  i had my ups notification between 2 and 6 am this morning, my status changed to shipped on the pono site around 4 this afternoon with the official pono email coming shortly after that.  all of this happened about a week after my status changed to "soon to be shipped."  with the acceleration seen today, perhaps those of you waiting to see your status change from "soon to be manufactured" won't have to wait much longer.  it certainly appears that they're working hard to get all of them out the door for christmas.  so if you've made it this far, just hang on a little longer.  we're almost there!
neil young is directly addressing people on the ponomusic.com website. so yeah. totally ignoring their customers ... on this kickstarter page. which ended nearly eight months ago. go to the pono website. that's where things are happening. that's been stated time and again. get your pono, sell it, and move on. you aren't happy. you've made that clear.
@pete bronlund i've backed a number of projects here and only one other has been worse than pono.  however,  none have shipped their product to only some while leaving others waiting for the exact same thing.  delays happen and are almost inevitable when dealing with individuals trying to get product out, or even with small companies,  but  pono has been a disaster, especially in regard to communication and taking steps to make up for shortfalls. i understand and appreciate that players were recalled due to quality control, but the fact that sums people have had their players for a month or more now while others are being condescendingly told it's worth the wait without any sort of tangible effort to make up for that wait and keep the good faith of the customer intact is simply unconscionable. i've finally seen my player has been shipped (yet there's been no email... surprise, surprise yet another communication screw up) but really don't give a damn when i should be excited. this whole thing has just left a horrible taste in my mouth and pono won't be seeing any more of my money and i will make sure others know how little ponomusic values its customers. if you're looking for another player, consider the  fiio x5. it's over on amazon right now. the reports are that the player has been a little buggy, but the company has been listening to their customers (must be nice) and many fixes have already been implemented.
@ jerry, i thought you may have been referring to the a-17. i just got the a-15 the other day and it is fantastic. tons of features and small, sound is amazing. it is exactly the same as the a-17 except smaller internal storage. with removable cards storage is not really an issue anyway. looking forward to comparing it to the pono if it ever gets here.
@rick canedo just the plain black one nothing fancy i backed it the first day of the project. i would have backed the blue one pictured in some of their advertisements but they couldn't figure out how to make plastic blue. i figured a long time ago that they would screw this up when they stopped paying attention to the backers, sold the personal information to the marketing company and missed every single deadline they set for them self's. i am sure it will come sometime i had figured it would be easter of 2015 but i was hoping once they started to ship them out that i was wrong. but as we hear the horror stories of poor quality control shoddy workmanship, over heating batteries, heck they cant even put the right songs on them even when the creator sang in the band. what can i say they are more concerned with boycotting starbucks than fulfilling the promises they made. you say the majority has shown actually i wonder how many  have really shipped of the 18000, maybe a few hundred who knows. bla bla bla pono
@jerry... which pono did you back?  the majority of the rest of the pono's are shipping out today.  there are a few, who's artists hadn't released the albums for the pono's yet.
@o'boogie, well done, though i was hoping you'd go off on him....a little...:)  but the pono has us all in a pono state of mind i suppose.   i agree, if you can't hear the difference, then your hearing if too far gone at this point, and i feel sorry for you.
@ jacky wong from the silent majority - the pono is awesome. it really has revived my love of music - and impresses all that i demonstrate it to. wow!  multiple complaining posts - that can really lift the spirit. it's raining outside....
@bryan, i didn't have to pay anything. i don't expect you will either. @wanda, i'm seriously worried if someone can't hear the difference. as in, you really need to get your hearing tested. seriously. something is very wrong.
people in the us having to do a cod?
i let my son listen to my pono yesterday, and he was blown away.  i really don't know what the matter is with some of you people.  i am not an audiophile, and i can definitely discern an appreciable difference in my pono any any other portable music player on which i listen to music.  i guess i just have a discerning ear.
mines coming from san fran, tomorrow
i seriously doubt there will more than a handful of people who bought the pono will be able to tell a difference in a double blind test. stop the placebo.
if you can't hear the difference, you are deaf. i'm not a fanboy. i'm a fangirl. duh. hahahaha! how's that, @rick? ;-)
@pono creator wow just got another email from ups well no pono but the pajamas for the kids are coming from target. its official you missed every deadline you posted on this project. what will the new excuse on update 52 be? let's see 1. ran out of wrapping paper and only  had some of willies joint paper left 2. had to sneak in the back door of starbucks so nobody could see me buying coffee 3. out hiring more fanboys 4. opps what happens now that we have this warwehouse full and nobody is buying anymore of them 5. lets pack the bags and head to the island before they wake up. just going to go now and enjoy a nice hot cup of starbucks cofffee bla bla bla pono
received my notice from ups, 95$ cod? pretty steep and unexpected.
for a player that cost me 600 dollars with conversion and fee, i expect better design choices. it makes the player look cheap and amateurish when you have glue showing all over. i can't even wipe the player out and say "hey look at this cool piece of electronic" because it looks like it came out of a basement operation. regarding the sound quality, if you already use good headphones and high bit rate source, its very unlikely you can hear the difference. it's only when you listen to 128kbps files over your ipod ear buds will the difference be drastic. i got the pono because it was an interesting player, but seriously, it's way overhyped. a very expensive vaporware. 1) the shape really sucks. it looks cool in pictures, but where are you going to put it? 2) software is clunky and looks terrible. no gapless playback? are we back in 1999? 3) price tag is too high. x5 is fine piece of hardware and it costs 1/3 less. fiio also has a pretty good track record.
@corey they ship from china.
literally just got mine, really impressed with the presentation of the bamboo box and the contents of the le but holy crap $96.52 for cod, this better be the best eargasm i've ever had because nearly $600 after initial cost, shipping, brokerage, and conversion rate is a big ouch. also @corey they ship from china, based on my tracking details it only took them 2 business days to get from china to canada so if you're in the us it'll probably only take a few days.
just got my shipment notification.  does anyone know where they ship from so i can estimate my delivery date?
pono arrived today but another $60 for cash on delivery....ouch
i think my pono is on its way, got ups email .8 pounds with sig required from pch international.  i think its my black pono
still waiting to hear if my pearl jam pono player has shipped.  christmas in jeopardy now.
@hope clary what i have done is setup up for pickup at their facility. but i am just not impressed that they want $95 brokerage fees when other companies wouldn't charge a red cent...
oooo....he called o'boogie a fanboy....this should be interesting.....
@angolito  you are not the first one to report null effect.  of course, fanboys who have golden ears would disagree. but we are normal people with normal hearing abilities and participate in tests without bias. so don't worry. @jacky wong to o'boogie, it's normal to see glue. but both you and i are not fanboys, so it's not acceptable.
it says: your ponoplayer has been manufactured and is ready to ship. please provide a valid shipping address and a phone number callable from within your country and click [submit] to ship your player. am i crazy? there is no submit button to click on? also no shipping number yet..! so i click the address update button as its the only thing to press (the address was already verified and approved) no other buttons/links to press. the status now says: processing - soon to be shipped as always, slightly concerning and misleading! haha. its definitely at the stage of; you gotta laugh!
it's clear. of course you can see the glue.
just received my player in canada 20 minutes ago. i pledged for the clear one and glue can be seen on the sides of the screen. a little underwhelming for such an expensive product. i would have kept my yellow one if i knew. the leather case is nice, but there is one huge oversight. with a right angle plug, you can listen to the player with the player in the case, but not with a straight plug. there should be a hole that accommodates a 1/8" plug. haven't listened to the player yet, just charging right now.
@lewis brewer i had ups hold it for my pick-up at their facility.
my player is stuck with ups till i can get it through their heads that delivering during business hours to a home address is totally stupid.  as they have no concept on how to do home delivery... wish companies would stop using them for home deliveries as they are useless as.....  also purolator for example would not have added brokerage fees like ups has and they are far more flexible for home delivery then ups has ever been.  sorry for the rant but had to put it somewhere...
my clear still says processing, shipping soon, but myups page says my pono will be arriving friday!  sweet!
@siltech, i know. it's a fabulous piece of work. it's not quite up there with o, but it is a close second. really great stuff.
called my favourite faded fantasy
@mcboogie damien rice new record sounds great.
@marton, definitely call. rip, john lennon. 34 years ago today.
mine is manufactured but since my address is not verified, it won't be shipped - and i have absolutely no idea how to make it verified. already contacted support, they said the address looks ok. don't know what else can i do.... maybe i should call them today.
shipping notice received from ups for december 15th. october black. it's taking the scenic route apparently.
what's pozo's excuse today?  according to the address verification page my pono is still waiting to be manufactured.
anyone elses pono also defective due to being unable to charge the battery?
does anyone's player gets hot after some time of playback? say 30mins?
it's 8th december now in the south pacific. i stand corrected about the day the music died buddy.
day the music died was february 3, 1959
not sure where you are john lennon was actually died on dec 8th in new york 73 years today was the pearl harbor attack
make that 34 years ago today.
john lennon r.i.p 24 years ago today. the day the music died....
i'm glad for you, graeme! i'm still waiting for my le player here in kentucky, but there was a post from somebody up in canada that the very same le player i'm waiting for showed up at his house on dec. 5, 2014 (however, he was in the shower and will have to wait until monday to get it delivered - a second time). i am getting a bit more hopeful that mine will be delivered soon. again, enjoy the sounds, graeme! long live rock and roll! long live pono! and long live the d! (tenacious d, that is)!
@jdc actually thier are two the nwz-a17 about $300 and  the nw-zx1 about 800 but not sold in usa yet both look like great units and dont have that stupid triangle shape pretty sure santa got a shipment from over seas but if its the nwz-a17 that will be great as well so far after a couple of hours with the music program they sent out i have made a decision hit control panel find program and unistall  it yikes
@ jerry, which sony are you referring too?
well 3/31/15 still a rip
@ neil young amazingly just got an email from pono ha ha it was not a delivery notice it is a notice to download the program so i did and it expires on 3/15 whats with that ? i suspose you will then charge us for using the free software. why dont you please hire a real ceo who understands customer service. bla bla bla pono
@james pitt it says december 8th on the last update posted here. but what can you believe from the folks that have missed every deadline. ill believe it when i see the email. bla bla bla pono
@david berck you have described this project perfectly, it sounded good in the beginning but the total lack of respect for backers is sad. no communication and every deadline they set was missed. i'm hopping santa leaves that nice looking sony under the tree only thing left to do now is wait and enjoy a nice hot cup of starbucks coffee bla bla bla pono
on the pono site, under kitchen floor group, somebody, who knows a pono somebody, reported that the pono somebody said that all remaining kickstarted players are going to ship monday. you heard it here, well not first, but you heard it anyway in all it's pono clarity.
@david berck. you've summed things up fairly well sir! i am amazed you have had such a problem being as you are in the usa. i assume here that perhaps your le player had to be 'reprocessed' because it was manufactured at a level below quality control spec. so hence the delay. in all this i know its been talked about before but for me this was my first kickstarter, i am an avid good quality music reproduction listener (not really a price no problem for equipment audiophile)  and so far any kind of personal player for hi-res files has been hellishly expensive. that's why i jumped in on the pono kickstarter. as i write this there remains no indication of a tracking number for a day that my reward will ever head this way. i adopted the whenever/whatever belief in the end weeks ago but i must add the experience has put a huge dampener on the kickstarter concept for me. i will be way more questioning next time. so, when my reward pono arrives i just hope it does ahead of me finding some other product that can process hi-res audio files as a personal player and the pono ends up losing so much of its perceived 'special-ness'...
i, for one, will be very happy to receive my le player, because it will mean i won't have to deal with pono any further. with the slipshod handling of communication, condescending responses from board moderators (telling me that more than a month passed target delivery date, after others have received the same player a month ago, is not that long to wait is not an acceptable response), and lack of respect and response shown towards customer satisfaction make this an easy decision. despite what your customer support person wrote, i do know how kickstarter works and know i can't receive a refund for the player (perhaps the email should have been read more carefully). i asked for respect for those of us who have waited patiently while others have received the same players we ordered and got very little. i was encouraged to post on the forums, because the management, including the cto, are very responsive, only to find that isn't the case on a consistent basis. i was told others have received compensation for their troubles, but can't even get a legitimate response that addresses my concerns. so, when the player comes, i don't know what i'll do with it. i might try it out. it might just sit there in a box after being tossed into a closet. what i do know is that, with the lack of response and respect shown, i won't be purchasing anything else from pono. it's a shame, because i was so excited about the product, but now, i just want this to be done with.
@angolito do not despair ! i have played my pono for about 50 hours it really does burn in. i was originally demonstrating the pono with 'wish you were here' for the  dynamic range but it didn't have an instant effect on the audience. now i use 'turn to stone' by joe walsh. the key to the pono is playing it real loud - that's when the differences are heard - that top end that does not distort or hurt your ears like mp3. and i just can't fit my macbook in my pocket ! enjoy!
hi everyone! i wonder if someone happens the same thing to me: i find no difference between hearing a song from my pono and my mackbook air. i listened with headphones nokia bi905i and bose soundlink speaker mini (now i have no more quality options) i tried listening same song on both devices (canceling equalizer and sound enhancer from mba and adjusting for same level volume): sounds the same. yesterday i built a simple 3 circuits switch and two inputs to quickly switch between the sound from pono and mba; i heard a song in mp3 128kbps and the same song uncompressed ripped from cd with ponomusic application; i can't perceive any difference. today i bought mp3 320kbps "there's a world" song of neil young to compare with included in my pono (teorical in high quality, blue led lights): the only difference is the mechanical noise at the end of the song at pono. impossible for me to identify where the switch is (pono or mba) i would buy higher quality headphones, perhaps a schenneider momentum or a bowers & wilkings p3, but; if it sound better, i suspect will be also better sound for mba, pono or any sound source. i will can hear difference in sound deliver by pono? actually i'm a little disappointed because i thought hear better sound; i am unable to perceive any difference. amplification circuit without using negative feedback, large capacitors and accurate designed promised a lighter design almost any type of audio file and even with common headphones. i wonder horrors feel no difference; can he have a problem my pono? it seems to work well... please, anyone else with same situation and wants to comment? thank you very much community! regards (angolito)
... got it, yes! and lost it same day, my girlfriend took him says she will return it to me xmas!!!
@simon christian beck's mutation and sea change have been available in 192/24 from hdtracks for a while now.
brilliant graeme, delighted you love your pono. the high res is unreal altogether, it's another two levels up of that feeling you describe. happy listening my celtic cousin..........peace and love
my le beck pono arrived a week or so ago and i've been working away so i have had my first experiance with it this weekend. firstly, the two beck albums are 24bit 192khz and sound amazing. i'm pretty sure these have not been released before in such high quality so feel pretty priviledged :) (mutations and sea change albums - i'm glad it wasnt the new album as this is available as 24bit download already. i've been listening with some 32r grado sr125 and audio technica w3000anv (40r) some koss porta pro (60r!) and some ipod friendly sennheiser cx500 (16r) and some audio technica cm700ti (16r). not hooked it up to the hifi (mostly modified/enhanced naim) or headphone amp (naim) yet, just enjoying the tunes!
cheers wade.
yes pono music site/forum down for me as well...verification page not working either...
@oboogie - are you still able to get on to ponomusic?  showing up server inaccessible from where i am.
i'm glad you love it, graeme. enjoy. :-)
your right
that's right ron ebay has over 20 ponos for sale bla bla bla pono
ebay
@shinji yamashita  "it becomes very hot after over 20minutes" i would shut it off and send it back you must have a lemon li batteries should not get hot if properly installed. even siltech pono does not get hot. call that young guy and tell him to fix it bla bla bla pono
...and a wee hallo in particular to mcboogie, shane mcblarney, mced & mctechsil ...and a big hallo to mcpono! finally spent the time to get into pono website, upload some of my albums and then kick back and see if it does it live up to the hype! the website/software is fine, takes a little extra time or did for me just to get into the swing, however from a standing start mcpono folks have done fine with the timespan they had. so, plug in beyerdynamic 770, not fancy, not expensive, closed back model... these are what i use regularly to stop noise leakage... and settle back....bryan ferry, robert plant, steely dan, joni mitchell etc... clean, clear, warm, depth... detail which i hadn't heard before...joni mitchell, woodstock on travelogue...orchestral lead in...the orchestra plays in and i can only say i feel i am sitting amongst them... then joni sings softly and it's like she is just singing to me in the room i'm sitting, with my headphones on... i'm not prone to getting carried away... however all i can say is it's different... it's better.... it's very, very good.... and this is cd/flac not full hi res!... i want to hear more, i want to sit still and let it wash over and around me.... this is music as i haven't heard it before... it's so tempting to turn it up loud on the headphones however i'm resisting as i want to hear this for years to come! it's simple?.... it was worth the wait!... and the wait wasn't that long, really.... from a standing start of sorts....well done mcpono....your communication hasn't been the best however it got much better lately.... and you mcpono?.... nice one.... love it!
hello anyone, i've received my pono player, but i can't get the new music store app to work properly.  it does not show any of the albums when i search even though it claims to have loaded them.  there is always this message at the bottom of the page: waiting for res://ieframe.dll/navcancl.htm must i be using the latest windows operating system and the latest internet explorer for the music store to work properly?  the previous app did not seem to have any problems.  thanks.
@pierre: it's no different if its sent from china or usa, you will still have to pay the vat that applies in your country, plus import tax. for the netherlands, thats 22% + 4% or something close to that. i had to pay 80€, a little less than i expected. this import tax applies to anything you order from outside eu.
@shinji i listen to 192/24, and after one hour only slightly warm. no problem.
i have been using pono for over 2 weeks.  does your pono player become hot during playing songs? i mainly hear 24bit/192 sources and it becomes very hot after over 20minutes. and them after 1 hour, the sound was changed slightly. i think the heat will affects to the analog circuit to output. i hope this is fixed in next firmware update.
@jamie the charger was not plugged in. i'll get in touch with the customer service. thanks!
ebay
@creator any word on meeting mondays deadline i have seen no shipping email?
i think my pono is defective. it won't charge. after a whole night on the charger it will charge no more than a couple %. anyone else have this problem?
@matteo is you charger plugged in?  a few other people have reported interference when they have the charger in.  if not i would suggest getting on to support on the ponomusic site.
is anyone hearing a hissing sound in the background when a song is playing? it's happening to me. i tried different headphones, albums & resolutions but the noise is always there. plus, when i turn the pono on or start a song, at times, i got a cracking sound. i'm wondering if i'm the only one whose experiencing these issues.
alert alert action required. oh for a second there i thought pono had finally come through. still waiting on my le neil player. only 1 more business day remaining to apparently complete by the 8th. but at least i have the app updated... :-( :-(
@siltech, i received the email and downloaded the ponomusic world app for mac.  i think the homepage looks somewhat different, but i could have just forgotten what the previous version looked like.
i thought today maybe was the day because i got a ups notice but fail it wasnt
haven't gotten my pono, which im fine with but i have yet to read even a single positive post on the app which is really disconcerting.  can anyone offer encouragement on that piece?  are the updates improving things materially?
this is kickstarter, not amazon. c'mon people, you don't get refunds.  the only shot you ever have of getting money back for a kickstarter campaign is a fraudulent creator taking your money and not delivering the goods. then, you can file a dispute with your cc. you might get lucky and get your $$ back. this is clearly not one of those.
does it fix them all?
@siltech yeah, just some bug fixes.
has anyone received this email? the ponomusic world app has been updated and you must use the latest version to be able to purchase and download music. please download and install the app now, replacing any current installation. you can download the latest version of the app here: ponomusic world app for mac ponomusic world app for windows thank you for supporting ponomusic. mahalo, the ponomusic team
what @wanda and @jamie said. either you've never done a kickstarter before, or you weren't paying attention to this one. you have to pay it. you aren't going to get a refund or any money back. that's not how this works. that's not how any of this works.
looking forward to receiving mine. it's been a long wait.
@pierre besson - it was made clear on this very site from day 1 of the kickstarter that the players would ship direct from pch in china. so that really shouldn't have been a surprise to anyone. also, the tax applicable to european backers was highlighted in update #19, on the 6th of april, a full 10 days before the end of the campaign. if you had and issue with the taxes, there was plenty of time to retract your pledge. you can't really expect compensation for what is essentially your lack of due diligence. in the same update they state the value that was to be declared - in us$.  if there is a difference them it is likely due to fx rates.
@pierre beeson, you can pay the fees and get your pono, or you can not pay the fees and not get your pono.  it seems to me it would be better to have the pono for the extra money instead of having nothing.  either way, i do not think you will receive a refund or a credit for the music store.  this is a kickstarter project with a disclaimer, not a purchase from a store.
i agree with credit on the music store, had the same thought myself. you need to mail pono though, your complaint won't be seen here
still, as their first customer reviews are important and i think they have to manage communication around this. even if the goal is to make money, they should care more about these issues.
@pierre besson what did you expect this project is about making money it has never been about making customers happy. you will never see a refund from them. if you want happy check out starbucks for a nice hot cup of coffee.
and it's a third of the price! the communication around it is terrible. maybe the should give people a compensation with a credit on the music store.
i disagree it is because they choose to ship from china and because china does not have advantageous condition on trade with european countries. the should have think about it and warn better people.
@ryan i paid the same. that's taxes and duty.
pierre, i got no e mail warning me of a similar €91 euro tax/charge. i paid it, i'm happy with my pono.........its an issue with your country and its systems rather then pono
hi i just got an invoice from ups, asking me for 91 euros.  in your update 49 on kickstarter you list the countries where fees would be asked, france was not among them.  moreover as you mentioned i should have receive an email telling me that there would be fees. moreover it is said that the package value is 319 euros whereas my pledge was 315$ which is completely different. i don't know what to do? i don't want to pay these fees. you will have to refund me. i have one more thing to add. the tax fees would be totally different if you would have ship from the u.s. in fact i get the feeling that we are paying taxes because you choose to sent the products directly from china. it is your choose not ours. as a result even if we are kickstarter backer we pay more than the future retail price . i want a refund its a shame.  it increases the price by a third of it. it is really too much , if i would have known i wouldn't back your project even if the pono seems really cool please come back to me with a solution.
well howdy folks (especially o'b and my celtic cousin mr kiss) i have listened to my pono in ireland, germany, croatia, montenegro and england in the last week and a bit and i can confirm it sounds great in all those countries. all jokes a side, i'm still in love and dancing, drumming and air guitaring in public. when that blue light comes on my limbs just move, what's really striking is when on shuffle and the player moves from ordinary file to high def, it's like the sun comes out. pono store and pono ripping and music library as buggy and annoying as hell, i will be patient though. i'm just craving more blue lighting albums.........it's like a drug. rock on pono, rock on. peace and love
ups attempted delivery today but i wasn't home. they want $96.34 canadian.. that's seems a little steep.. not sure i would have chosen to be an early adopter if i had have known i'd have to pay such a high c.o.d.
it is indeed weird to be charged vat over more than you paid, but i'm pretty sure that's not pono's decision to make but are required to declare it for its retail price instead of its discounted price. although i'm not sure, but its not pono who profits from that so... but yeah such things are aggrevating.
@gerald mcwilliams - in update #19 i raised the exact point that i was going to be charged extra charges above the amount i paid and so while i wasn't totally surprised, obviously i have a poor opinion of ponomusic. i'm ok with having to pay vat when required, i'm not happy to pay vat on amounts i hadn't actually spent. in terms of costs, i do know you get charged based of the total cost i.e. the declared pono player cost plus the shipping cost. somewhat amusingly i even got charged vat for the service of ups charging me :-)
they* did quality testing stupid typos.
i love the  shape of the pono. also, the did quality testing on the micro sd card cover, and it should last.
@peter quillan if you pledged $200, it is my assessment that you should only be taxed for that amount, as that is what you paid. if a multinational offers 30% off we don't pay tax on that discount. i will be making a complaint/enquiry. further, did you have to pay insurance for postage? that is the sender's responsibility, not the recipient.
we have to realize that they are still populating the store with content, and its in beta form right now!!  don't expect it to be ready for primetime, or what the store will really have for content until its finished.  we as backers are lucky enough to be allowed to view the store in the beta form, to give feedback.  just keep this in mind when giving your opinion of what is in the store.  give it time.
@brian tartell: the battery indicator is the thin green line at the top, when you are in the settings menu etc. and i agree the end pieces and sd slot door feel wiggly and fragile, not sure how long they would last with pocketed use.
it is indeed too bad that the store is useless for now. bummer for pono too, cause i ofcourse couldn't help myself from buying a few hires albums right after receiving my pono. but i had to go to hdtracks.com because pono store is not done yet. also it's too bad i can't use the adapter in europe.. but otherwise the player itself is pretty awesome.
i've had my yellow pono for a few days now.  overall i have mixed feelings on it.  the sound quality on it is great, but i'm having difficulty finding good source material.  the pono music store is garbage, and i haven't even bothered with the software (i don't even know where to download it). hardware wise, the shape of the player itself is awkward.  it doesn't fit into my pocket nicely, and feels clunky in my hand.  it feels somewhat cheap overall, especially the two end pieces, which appear to be made with the worst plastic available -- it's already scratched up with gentle use. it's only a matter of time before it cracks.  the little door hinge that covers the sd card is pathetically weak -- i expect that will also break for a good number of users.  all that said, the ui on the player itself is decent, and it's easy to find your music as long as the files are tagged correctly.  i do wish there was a search function, though that would be tricky without a keyboard.  and for some bizarre reason there doesn't seem to be a battery level indicator. at this point, i'm unsure if i would recommend this to a friend.  for most people, the difference in audio quality is likely negligible, or they don't care overall.  this player is likely suited towards audiophiles, who are a very niche market in the first place.  i do wish there were more quality hd music available, especially from older artists.  a lot of the "remastered" albums aren't really all that much improved
@robert, i can understand your frustration, there are other sites that have the high res stuff.  pono isnt ready yet and wont be i dont think for a little while.  i think they are focusing on getting the players out, i can only imagine what there email box looks like with the complaints, comments and questions.
@gerald mcwilliams - unfortunately it was even worse for me. i was an early bird pledger so my pledge was $200 ($215 including shipping). ups charged me just under 109 euro (roughly $134).
i received my yellow pono player on monday. overall i am very pleased with it. but 2 things bother me. the website and store are horrible - poorly designed, no quality search engine. there's not even a user's manual on the site, only instructional videos. but i can work through that. the whole premise of pono is high resolution music. check out the chart that they circulated about how much better music is in high-res over mp3 and cd quality. so here's my significant complaint. almost all of the music in the pono store is cd quality. probably 99% of it. if you like a less than popular artist there is almost no chance that a high res recording is available. if you like a popular artist you will be fortunate if there is even a few high res albums available. surely all of neil young's catalog is available in high resolution, right? no. as of a few days ago i could only find 3 high-res neil albums. three. out of what? 50. if neil himself can't get his own music up there after months what chance do we have of getting any significant amount of music from other artists. this is wrong. it is almost a bait and switch. we were told (i specifically asked) that there would be plenty of high resolution recordings available. on cd quality recordings pono is nice. on high-res recordings pono is stunning. this is not an insignificant complaint. the is the whole point of the project.
any of you guys had your pono go through dubai, united arab emirates ? it says that my pono is there, yet i live in france, seriously what is happening ? after being stuck more than 24 hours in customs leaving china...
for those wondering about duties, taxes, brokerage and other fees, this online calculator seemed to make sense of it for me. note that you only get a limited number of calculations for free. http://www.dutycalculator.com/new-import-duty-and-tax-calculation/ i'm in ontario, canada. my le player hasn't been shipped yet but other people's reports are indicating that i will have to pay $96 in canadian dollars to ups. the calculator says my duties (5%) and taxes (13%) will be $85.07. reports say that ups is charging a $10 brokerage fee, which to me is quite reasonable. there's an hst tax of 13% added to the $10 fee, so brokerage is $11.30. so, duties and taxes of $85.07 plus brokerage including taxes of $11.30 equals $96.37. if i end up paying less, i'll count myself lucky that something slipped by. for calculations i used: importing from: china importing to: ontario, canada product description: pono player product category: mp3 player (no video) item cost:: $400 usd shipping costs: $15 usd insurance costs: $0
hang on!! £77 ($120) vat and customs charge and insurance (???) on my pono which i pledged $300 for!?! what the hell is going on here. surely you only pay tax on what you paid, not the projected price. and why is the customer paying insurance for postage?
just received the clear pono......nuf said.
@gm vat and duty taxes are to be expected, i don't see the surprise there. i had to pay 80€. it is quite standard given the price of the product.
@gm that's the lovely government of your country stiffing you for daring to buy yourself a nice electronic device from overseas. some of us have to face it, some of us don't. i fully expect here in new zealand that whatever value is tagged in the customs declaration is over the threshold of nzd$400 then i too will be hit. just how much will be the dampner ....
just been delivered, £63.31 to pay ups in duty and vat. what a fucking rip off. so, instead of $415.00, it's cost me approx $515.00. it better be worth it.
mine arrived at the ups depot in tamworth at 5.30am. just waiting for it to say out for delivery now....
@ tmh so we are saying that everyone 'borked' on the bamboo box issue who has all green coloured check-ticks for their address should be good? my order information hasn't changed for weeks from "logistics issue with country note: there is a logistics issues with your country..."....message.
sorry tobias, try 0011 1 800 611 0580
tobias, try 00118006110580 they subsequently came back and said the issue was the bamboo box.  i went back and said  no, the web page says i need to give a correct address and until that issue is addressed i wont give up as i said, amateur hour
"put your hands up, get out of the car"
"i can't breathe." "i can't breathe."
tmh which number did you call?
and the song "walk", track 11 is corrupt on my microsd.  it ends the song early and abruptly.  it also shows corrupt when i try and convert to a different format.
the pono sounds so good, i am loving it. @mark howard, my pono actually arrived home in germany in just one day, i don't know what mean of transport ups is using but they are fast as hell.
hmmm.  got the foo fighters' pono.  the original foo fighters album is on the microsd, but it is cd quality (44/16).  wasting light is 192/24.
tobias and anyone else in australia (or around the world) who has a pono ready to ship i suggest you call the contact number.  my address and everything has been verified for a week on screen, yet the note says it is waiting address verification (like yours) i finally called them, there is some bug in the system that says although the address is verified it actually isn't (and the address format on my screen differed to theirs)  the guy on the phone said he fixed it all and would get back to me with an eta i don't know what they paid sales force to do all this but it was a complete waste of money its a joke.  i have had back yard kickstarters run more efficiently than this (and i am not talking about the initial delay, that is inevitable with kick starter)
i'm playing pearl jam in 24 bit on my pono through my amp+speakers. i found myself automatically air-drumming and moving along to the music, a very good sign :) the music engaged me immediately and instead of trying all my reference albums on it i felt like just listening to the music. that's my first impression and that is about as good as it gets in the book of a critical audiophile listener/audiophile. i'm impressed so far. i think ayre pulled off something pretty amazing. i can't really fault it in any way yet except maybe being slightly tense and feels like it could open up a bit more in soundstage, but it's had barely an hour of playtime so i won't judge it on that yet. i haven't directly compared it with my dac yet but it definately doesn't feel like a downgrade to switch to pono. i am very happy, pono delivered the goods, and the goods are pono!
the mystery of the clear pono will be unveiled soon!!!! i cannot find out a single thing about it!
wow!!  due to the time zone difference my pono left hong kong on 12/4 @ 10.14pm and has arrived in the uk on 12/4 @ 4.39 pm!  it left china @ 4.25am 12/4 and is in the uk ready to be delivered tommorow! wtf!?  ups have a rocket wedged somewhere..
@danny arborak, that is bizarre. absolutely crazy. i hope you get it open.
danny arborak.     i think you got the magic pono!   if you ever do get back inside the bamboo box (without smashing it), you will find a solid gold pono player.
i picked up my le pearl jam pono from the ups depot today. i love the bamboo box with the pouch etc, gives it a very premium feel. i haven't played much with the device yet but first impression is pretty good overall. a bit of a pity to see a us plug on the adaptor so i can't use that in europe. since its a micro usb adapter it's not really a big deal, i have several, but it's a bummer i can't use the cool looking pono wallwart.
received shipping notification and tracking info (hiong kong). excited, but not looking forward to paying $$$cad to release my hostage pono player from the clutches of ups. this has been a collective issue for all the kickstarter projects i have backed to date. it is  problematic especially for the lower cost pledges when a backer has to fork out 50%+ in additional fees (brokerage/handling, etc.). with the pono initiative, the added fees seem to be wildly all over the place even within the same country for different recipients. this possibly may have been  alleviated by bulk shipping the items to regional shipping centres in eurpoe, asia, and canada with a combined (but considerably lower per item charge). this would then be passed on (on a per item basis) to the end recipient at a much lower cost. instead, most, if not all kickstarter projects just charge an additional shipping fee which might or might not cover all additional anticipated fees to the backer. this is a major problem for backers, and kickstarter needs to develop strategies to pass on to project creators so they do not alienate future backers. there must be other backers here that would understand the shipping business and be able to explain this better than i have.
got my shipping notice on my clear pono! should be here monday according to ups, fingers crossed! it has cleared hong kong and should be on its way soon.
black pono shipping notice to spain just received! still in hong kong...
status on address update page says "ready to ship" and everything has a green tick next to it, but i've not received a shipping notification. i live in australia, is there still an issue with putting this thing in a cardboard box or something? also the instructions on address update page say to click "submit" - has anyone else got no submit button anywhere on that page? or is it just me?
received a shipping note for black pono player yesterday, arrived today (in hong kong, that is)
my order status: ponoplayer ready to ship it looks ok except "address verified" which has a red x. the address should be ok, except i can't enter state/county because it disappears right after entering it. i already contacted support and they have the correct address, yet address is not verified, and it obviously won't ship until verified... any tips what can i do about this?
@fred cracklin: there are some issues about the sd card with ubuntu, at least for me. i could solve them now. contact me if you want to share experience.
@danny, use your telekinetic powers.
i openened the bamboo box and got everything up and running then closed the box....now can't get it open...wtf!! how do you open it up as i have the charger in it!
stupid question...how do you open the bamboo box?
tom, call pono and they will change your delivery address through ups. i had the same issue. i found the phone # on the pono site. very nice, quick and easy on the phone.
@tom cooper - follow the link in update #50 it will show you your status and let you update your address etc.  unless it has shipped already.
the mac version keeps aborting:  ponomusic world 20 quit unexpectedly.  anyone have any ideas? experiencing same issue?
i've just moved house, can anyone please tell me how i can go about changing delivery address? it's not a massive problem if the player is delivered to the other address as i know who lives there, but it would save me some hassle if i can just change it before it's sent, which hopefully will be any time now. thanks.
@siltech 55 inch lg oled at sears for 2799
@siltech did you get that tv on ebay
ebay
@creator its been a week since last update and only 5 days left on your promised delivery date. i have still seen no delivery emails. have a nice day bla bla bla pono
i received my limited edition player two days ago.  the box it comes in is pretty nice.  the songs that came with it, which were 2 eagles album and one neil song, sound really amazing.  however, the flipping software on the mac is crap.  i am about to jump off the roof.
hi @shannon, try here. https://ponomusic.force.com/kickstarteraddressupdate.
wow! black pono shipping notice to uk just received. says it'll be here by friday from hong kong. it surely couldn't be that quick. here's hoping.
call support?
is it possible to upload from the sd card to the hdd on the player? i run ubuntu.
just got my shipping notice, yay! however, i've moved since supporting.  any info on how i can correct the shipping address while in transit?
jamie mcleod and @lie yik hong - i have the same problem as lie yik.  i keep updating and it keeps having the same problem.  i contacted pono support.  whilst they were very prompt in responding, they said the problem was that it didn't have my last name and that they fixed it.  well, it did have my last name and they didn't fix it, i checked this morning and my last name is still there and the red cross with address verified is still there amateur hour
my black pono has gone from 'not yet manufactured' to "processing - soon to be shipped" on the address verification form.  i'm getting excited.
i also side load my pono. the software is pretty buggy on a mac.
@duncan. i use a mac. i'm finding the pono software very buggy so decided to quit using it. i have all of my flac files on an external drive on my home network. i have just been loading the files onto the pono micro card via a card reader using finder (drag/drop). i have also used the pono s/w to rip a few cds, but have had some issues with the s/w locking up. eventually was able to get them loaded onto the pono though. obtw...loaded up roger waters' amused to death.  wow. (cd quality--still sounds amazing)
@mark, they are all supposed to ship by december 8, as stated. until then, i guess i'd suggest just waiting a little longer. it says "estimated delivery" for a reason.
backer number does make a difference.  "while we began production of the limited editions players in pledge priority order, a number of them required their housings to be remade because the cosmetics and laser etching did not meet our specifications. " so they tried to do it in order but it hasn't worked that way.  my address i checked...all set.
@bryan vanalmkerk i don't think that is your pono. i think mine said 1.5 pounds or 2 pounds.
have you checked the address checker mentioned in update 50? backer number has nothing to do with it, by the way.
this is so darn frustrating.  i was backer 200 and still have heard nothing from pono and it still says order submitted.  wtf!!!! this is so stupid.
received my yellow pono music player on december 1st. it is early!  i pledged in the last 2 hours of the ks campaign. didn't expect it before christmas. wow. sounds nice. i am doing a component break in test. recording from the analog out into a pioneer elited cd recorder. doing this at approx. 0, 50, and 100 hours. will see if there are any changes. nope to post snippets of song for people to compare.
hi guys, received my limited edition one last week and got hit with £75.81 customs charge. not all ups centres take card so can pay over the phone and go collect it from ups depot if you miss delivery. (take your ref number from the credit card payment if you pay over the phone with you) enjoy
@duncan ups should look for just under £50 which they will only accept in cash before delivery...doesn't seem much evidence of any slipping through free of customs duties etc so get your cash ready! cheques/cards etc not acceptable. make sure you get a receipt! lol
hi everyone my black pono is (fingers crossed) leaving the factory anytime soon. could anyone who lives in the uk and has already received a (yellow?) pono give advice on what kind of customs clearance etc payment i will need for ups? also wondered if there are any tips from mac users on what you found is the best way to get music onto your pono?
wondering if my pono is coming, got a shipment notice but its from indianapolis and is 10 pounds
@jerry thanks for your reply. i hope you do enjoy your pono.
@jamie mcleod the  "address verified" verification step are done by humam or just by the computer checking? cos i already updated the address before. but it still show "address verified x" but others are correct
@lie yik hong - that means your address has not been verified. re-enter your address and hit the update button at the bottom.
i find the order status at kickstarter address update page as follow: order status: ponoplayer ready to ship note: your ponoplayer has been manufactured and is ready to ship. please provide a valid shipping address and a phone number callable from within your country and click [submit] to ship your player. but i already updated my address and i can't find the submit button. and it still show "address verified x"
same with my clear pono!!
the order status on my black player changed to "processing - soon to be shipped " yippeee!
graeme. you might actually be on to something with the tight black gear and goggles.  one look at me in an outfit like that would cause the ups employees to either flee in terror or cripple themselves laughing.  no stealth necessary, i grab the pono and go lol.  btw, no response from pono yet.  if there's none tomorrow, i'll call again thursday and it will be hulk time; they won't like me when i'm angry.
"as for other comments here, just ignorance and attention seeking. i ignored a long time ago, not worth either my time or attention." obviously you were paying attention have a nice day
@richheart i am not lonely what so ever it kind of funny how so many people think i am. i guess i have not had the pleasure of knowing and working with so many wonderful honest people as you and others have. i have spent over 40 years employing thousands of people. mostly low skill levels and low education levels, ex cons, school drop outs, drug dealer, drug users, rapists, murderers, con men, illegal aliens, etc. i have had police come to work and haul off people dealing drugs, i have had irs agents show up for work to arrest people who use 3 and 4 different social security cards collecting benefits from dead people. i have had employees pull guns and shoot their coworkers. and no this is not a small company it was for a 3.5 billion dollar a year in sales corporation with employees in all 50 states. i was employed primarily as a fixer i would go to the worse running facilities and fix them. if that meant training people, firing people, hiring people that was my job. in all cases productivity, moral and quality improved. i have heard all of the excuses for poor work and not coming to work that you could imagine. not the run of the mill like i am sick and need a day off. more like i was driving to work and got raped, or i was walking to work and got mugged and they tied me up and put me in a locker at the bus station and didn't get out for 3 days. or i had to go to court for my murder arraignment, things that nobody could make up as they were true. so i do tend to be a bit suspicious. people who say things like,  “i think when you make a deal, you’ve got to stick to the deal that you have made. if you are going to change the deal, you have got to talk to the people you made a deal with and change it.” they are the sad people when they don't live by what they say miss deadlines and don't communicate. "you'll get your pono, if you want to enjoy it, decide you want to enjoy it." well i said from the beginning i am buying this to replace my pjb100 which sounds great so with any luck they will be able to match that sound, i have over 250000 tracks of music so its unlikely ill ever buy from that site. "if not, you'll end up taking it apart, just to prove that it is broken" no i will likely take it apart to improve it, like better headphone jacks, blue tooth capabilities and easily changeable batteries as well as gapless play. "then you'll complain that pono sent you a dud and they won't even respect the warranty!" if its a dud it will be because of their poor quality control. its december 2nd they are two months late delivering october rewards. i backed on day one for a black pono and ill probably be the last one to get it. they have six days to go would you like to place a wager on them delivering on time they have a pretty consistent record of missing dates so i wont take your money. as far as people faking migraines here is a link to a site that gives step by steps instructions on how to fake sick. its sad but true. http://www.wikihow.com/fake-sick-to-stay-home-from-school glad you have your pono  and enjoy it by the way as i understand you are over on the pono music site have they ever fixed it yet?  ability to search for posts? ability to change user name? i didn't particularly like the way they sold our personal information and although i cant prove it my junk mail has increased 50 percent since they moved our information to that marketing company. how do you like the runbell i got one for my wife for xmas and it looks nice i got her a bear bell last year as we have bears on the mountain we live on and am hoping she will like this bell when she is running her triathlons enjoy your holidays, enjoy your pono, enjoy your runbell, and if you can enjoy a nice hot mug of starbucks
arnold schwarzenegger  on vh1clasic now
ed.... ok, maybe the night vision goggles etc over the top, plus all that tight fitting gear! lol so, i'll send you a spade!... think great escape!... however you're going for the great entry!.... tunnel your way in!.... altho' hopefully by the time you have dug your way in they may in fact have delivered it to you! lol nearly there, mine arrived with no email in advance, odd phone number on my mobile which i eventually answered.... turned out to be the ups man.... duly interrogated re payment first for taxes etc.... then hid money in my garden for him to collect then deliver pono.... and ups chap said "cash only and i can't give change!"..... more like a drugs deal than pono delivery.... however it's here!
lmao graeme.  thanks, i needed that.  i could start by going the peaceful route, standing outside the gate with a candle and a free pono poster.  of course the problem there would be that many would think i was giving away a pono, not trying to liberate mine.
anyone seen photos of the clear edition yet?!
oh ed!.... just the one thing i forgot? headphones/ipod.....playing the mission impossible theme tune thru your head!..... surely that must help pull it off! lol
@ed.... sooooo near!.... don the black lycra gear, balaclava, night vision googles and stealth approach to their sorting/delivery warehouse.... cut the power.... diversion as back -up....maybe a pono seller at the gates!.....then quietly/swiftly in/out pono in hand! job done! :-) or go the dull route..... just wait for the delivery driver! lol
mcboogie :-)  a musical question? about to plunge forth with beatles boxset and i'm driven to go the mono version route and pass on the remastered stereo. what say ye? going the amazon route to try and avoid the fake boxsets that seem in mass circulation.
so today was supposed to be pono day.  i'd been tracking it every few hours for about the past week and it was gradually working its way here, though i was somewhat baffled as to why there was no scheduled delivery date.   but it was in motion and arrived at the ups service center about 3 miles from my house this morning, so i didn't sweat it....until, instead of updating to out for delivery, it went to "package was left at our warehouse, delivery will be scheduled later" or words to that effect.  to make a long frustrating story short, the third ups agent i did an online chat with (don't even think about trying to call them) actually was able to figure out what happened and told me that pono never sent an electronic billing statement for my package and that's why they won't release it.  and no, i have no idea how it got from china to within 3 stinkin' miles without that info.  i've called pono and spoke to an administrative assistant who apparently submitted a ticket to take care of it.  lord knows how long that will take.  so the moral of the story is that if you get tracking info that doesn't include a scheduled delivery date, contact pono and have them check their records.  grrrrrr.....
@rocky mountain way  i saw them back on the voodoo lounge tour with bobby keys. very sad loss indeed.
bobby keys - r.i.p. i saw the stones in auckland  last week and wondered why he wasn't there. a truly great sax player.
thank you @ william sheldon for describing your listening experience on your pono.  music with pono is just the best!
well said @ian kendrick, @the glasgow k*ss, and @mark turner.  and kudos to you @richheart for your right-on observation of @jerry's automatic mode.  i hope he will  try some trust, some empathy, as you suggested.  there is the possibility, of course, that he enjoys his exhausting, lonely way of living.  if that is the case, then he has my sympathy.
my wife always said how painful child birth was: funny, i have four kids and didn't feel a thing! anyone who says a migraine is not real pain has never had one.
@jerry "however their are a lot of people that simply use it as an excuse" jerry, your automatic mode is: suspicion and accusation. it comes across regardless of the topic you're on: pono, migraine, individuals on here. man, that is an exhausting, lonely way to live. please try some trust, some empathy. go on, force yourself. you may find you like it and enjoy people and the world more. you'll get your pono, if you want to enjoy it, decide you want to enjoy it. if not, you'll end up taking it apart, just to prove that it is broken. then you'll complain that pono sent you a dud and they won't even respect the warranty!
@the glasgow k*ss quite obvious some pain is unbearable and quite real, however their are a lot of people that simply use it as an excuse the internet is actually filled with ways to fake a migraine, mostly posted as a way for lasy people to get out of work, etc. but their is also the pain that can be changed by pressures on certain parts of the body and that reduces the pain or moves it to someplace else. my grandma said stick a fork in your hand and the pain will go away most of the time it did  (we also weere little kids and her forks were quite dull no blood was ever shed). maybe call it acupuncture. some old sayings may be just old wives tales but some times they work. like go an eat a raw frog first thing in the morning its the worse thing that will happen to you that day. i can imagine your situation walking into the hotel was quite a sight. have a great day ill try even though my pono is no where in site i imagine the creator is punishing me for being so mean. you probably don't have starbucks where you are at or id say to enjoy one. bla bla bla pono
received my pono player yesterday, couldn't be happier with both the player and quality of the sound it produces!!!!!!!! the sense of space is the thing that strikes me most.  the neil young track definitely demonstrates exactly what the player is capable of and also noticed things in cd quality tracks that i must have listened to thousands of times that previously have been missing. van morrison, ballerina actually brought a tear to my eye. acres of space and separation in this is the one, stone roses which is a track i like to use to "test" audio equipment as a lot of detail can get lost or over awed.  the pono handles it with ease. listening on a pair of medium price akg headphones and for me i've now got the perfect portable set up i've waited so long for. thank you pono team!!!!!
here is a funny migraine story tho... an attack started and i was trying desperately to get home on my motorbike, part of mine is also sickness and the other end!... so i feel sick... pull over at the side of the road but before i get my helmet off i throw up... inside my helmet! lol then i try to clean up.... stagger into a hotel and go to their loo and then alternate between both ends!... sick then ?... and so on!.... it's bad enough being sick & the other without then having to stick your head down at the pan! lol happy days are migraine free days :-) maybe that's what my yellow pono reminds me of?! lol
@jerry... i'll take your comment in the family guy humour in which i think it was posted :-) if however you are serious i can only say this, migraines for me, at their worst?.... i just want to cut my head off to make the pain stop.... a sad picture to paint in light of what happens in our world today.... however that's how bad it gets. however i do appreciate there are people in worse pain than me that don't get the relief of the normal days or weeks in between my attacks. it's like cancer, dementia, disability, terminal illness?.... i just don't find it funny, nor 9/11, nor the holocaust, nor war/famine... i could go on... but you get it jerry, don't you? on-topic... looks like folks will be having a pono xmas so that's a good thing! :-) a merry pono xmas!
migraines are individual as i understand it. each person's is different, with lots of different triggers, individually or in combination. same for treatment.  i get a migraine every six months or so. starts with flashing ribbons of light in one or both eyes. that's the warning sign. is like the vogons. resistance is useless. either stop what you are doing, become still until it passes (easily many hours) or it will build and take you out completely for much longer. and it isn't 'just a headache' either. can affect much more than just the head. anyone who has had migraines now how awful they are.  as for other comments here, just ignorance and attention seeking. i ignored a long time ago, not worth either my time or attention.
i had a delightful lunch with a young friend of mine who is visiting from san francisco for thanksgiving.  our topics of conversation included toxic people.  i told her that when i realize someone is toxic, i distance myself from them because i see no reason to subject myself to their toxicity.  when i read today's comments, including jerry's unbelievably ignorant comment about migraines, i immediately realized that he has moved from obnoxious to toxic.  jerry needs to get a life, preferably away from the pono comments.  i am fortunate that i do not have migraines, but there are people who do, and it is not appropriate to dismiss their pain as fake.  the fake in this situation is jerry who appears to be just plain stupid.  i generally give people the benefit of the doubt and consider that they may just be ignorant, not stupid.  jerry does not deserve the benefit of the doubt.  go away you boring, disgusting person. btw, my willie nelson le was delivered today.  yay!
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
migraines my grandma said that most were fake and this is how to test for them, get a kitchen fork and jab it as hard as you can into the back of your hand, if headache goes away, it was not a migraine. if that don't work it might be this. https://www.youtube.com/watch… bla bla bla pono
the pono does not please everybody... i was tasked with watching my wife's phone while she was having a shower and expecting a call .  no problem... pono time with my b&w p7's and a very loud cowgirl in the sand and the phone in front of me. how hard can it be? i was thinking it's amazing how loud the pono can go with no ear pain at all.  my pono time was abruptly interrupted by a very wet & irate bather. apparently all the phones in the house were ringing. not my fault i explained.  i blamed the pono ( what else could i do?)
received my yellow pono this morning. unable to purchase from the pono store but ripped a powerhouse sound cd called oslo/chicago: breaks and had recently purchased some marcos balter flacs which i promptly loaded. pretty easy to get my pono up and running and it sounds great! looking forward to having some more time to get to relax and really explore the music wity my new yellow beast. thanks ponomusic team for a nicely done kickstarter project, i couldn't be happier.
@chris yea i saw, im just complaining lol
monday morning i received my ny le pono, but to have it in my hands i have to pay € 123 to the ups driver.. i don't know, i feel like i'm gettin robbed! italian taxes....! and you, european bakers, how much do you pay to ups?  i think that's a theft, a legal theft. anyway,  the waiting is over, i got it and i' happy.  llp
cheers joe... sounds like a medical forum! lol beta blockers are daily prescription, syndol were over the counter however now banned in uk so i need to import those and maxalt are prescription and last resort if it kicks off!.... and they are very good at cutting the pain levels. on-topic, some folk will have headache waiting for pono however i see more yellow ones circulating and the black it seems are being manufactured over next week, so maybe before xmas. at least we know they are coming :-)
bryan, update #51 stated that there were splitter issues for the black players and should be completed manufacturing in a week.
@glasgow excedrine migrane if you can get them. they are magic. take a couple when you feel it coming on. i've had migraines for many years and these things have made a huge difference....well that and a divorce!
ugh still nothing about my black pono yet.  bummer.
cheers jim humphry... beta blockers, syndol and maxalt are the chemical route for me as there can be so many triggers for migraines, however i'm grateful for these as my dad only had aspirin and 2 days in bed as an option. on topic - well i still haven't got my pono fired up properly, only because i didn't do my prep work loading sd cards etc and uk store not open for quick downloads! lol anyway, working from home with ipod linked to audio pro all room one speaker, all i can say is if any of you folks are looking for compact option for study/tv room etc then out of all the compact kit i have, this speaker is outstanding. i bought on sale here in uk at £299 reduced from £499 and it truly is spectacular value! just recommending having listened all day whilst working from home... truly remarkable! nope, i don't have shares in them or work for them, just a spankingly good sound! will be even better when pono hooked up! i've got marantz consolette, jarre aerosystem etc for compacts however this is indeed the one! if you can get on sale, buy one! happy listening folks... mcboogie?... keep mcsmiling :-)
@hugh marchant, it shouldn't be long now.  i think they've worked out a number of the glitches, which is not to say that more won't arise.  check update 51 for detailed info.
would like feedback on matching up the audio-technica ath-m50x professional monitor headphones with the pono. do you think it would be a good match?
hi guys just wondering when my player is shipping.
hey glasgow and mark turner.   just caught up on 5 days of posts.    showed my wife your references to migraines and she told me she just read something that says that something about the fats in coconut oil can, with regular usage have a very positive effect against them.   can't hurt to try.       mark, you mentioned that you are using peachtree products.   i got the nova 65se this summer.    what are you using?   i think the dac in the peachtree is very similar to the one ayre used in the pono.    are you noticing any difference?
thanks siltech. good advice, but i was proposing to use it as the amp for my macbookpro on my desktop (utilizing a better dac than in the mac) also, in australia, so money into account etc is not so easy the efficiency of the oppo headphones, and ability to use pono without the sprout is however an attractive selling point for the oppos over the hd800s though
@tmh forget the sprout, and get more efficient headphones. this is what i did. unless your using it as a specific amp, sell it. all you have to do is list it on ps audio forum. ask your same price for paypal payment. when someone contacts you, then they transfer funds to your acct. now you call ps audio and change mailing name and address. i got many replies and sold mine fast. simple is better. good luck buddy.
@siltech did you buy your new tv on ebay ? have a nice hot cup of starbucks coffee! bla bla bla pono
we're all confused, especially ebay.
thanks @siltech, but i could only do that if the pono people pulled their fingers out and shipped me the player!! on another note, i was all ready to order the hd800's, to go with my sprout and pono, but over the weekend heard the oppo pm1s,  now i am confused again!
@creator have a nice hot cup of starbucks coffee and enjoy “i think when you make a deal, you’ve got to stick to the deal that you have made. if you are going to change the deal, you have got to talk to the people you made a deal with and change it.”  bla bla bla pono
@larry , he's kind of slow.
double tap album cover on pono player, and rez shown.
can anyone tell me what resolution wildflowers on the tom petty le is? they were supposed to be releasing a remaster/super deluxe package of that album by the end of the year, which (based on tom's recent releases) would have included a hi-rez version.  i assumed that would sort of correspond with the kickstarter release.  but as that hasn't appeared i am wondering if it is just the standard 44/16 release (which imho is contrary to what pono was set up for)
can someone list the music files included with the yellow pono?
@wanda/mom, your tv looks so beautiful. i love watching it, even though i have a similar, smaller version. @larry, it got old a long time ago. he'll never learn.
ya know, jerry, it gets a little old...you realize that, right??
thanks for the link to the article about oled @the glasgow k*ss.  it was very interesting.  i am quite sure you will enjoy yours @siltech.  i will continue to watch my samsung 55" for the time being.  it was the latest and greatest when i bought it a couple of years ago, and i still enjoy it.
@richheart, thanks! as you say, i'll wait for my pono to be sorted until 8th dec. i didn't know that the bamboo box was the problem. i've received a reward made of bamboo in other ks project. anyway, i hope i can enjoy pono sounds asap.
@creator enjoying a big mug of starbucks and pono dribble no email yet. bla bla bla
@tgk*ss - lovely choo choo.... always loved a train... pistons a-pumping.... :)
https://www.google.co.uk hoots mon! :-)
@tijn very pono! :)
just left pink floyd's stage after immersing myself into "dogs of war"... now that my break-in-period is over i can conclude: pono has delivered! who cares about specs. all i need are the tears welling up in my eyes. my shure srh-1540's are the perfect match with pono (for me) and nothing will ever separate me from this setup. i couldn't resist but part with my 2nd player. my brother in law - audiophile - missed the whole kickstarted campaign and now begged me to let him buy my nych-le (after losing his composure while listening to endless river on pono). sharing this kind of joy definitely exceeds the pleasure of owning more than one player. spread the word: pono enriches people's musical lives!
t   g    kss i hear you. lets not forget the feet pushing, behind the munching crackling seats. long live ponooooo
mccry cool
saw the theory of everything today. absolutely brilliant. see also: cried my eyes out.
@siltech...i'm in favour of anything that brings the big screen home where you can choose not to sit with popcorn/nacho munching souls at your local cinema! lol
@ mcglasgow k*ss thanks man. life is too short.
happy with 4 year total warranty. also, the picture blows my old pioneer141fd plasma tv away. lg says the blue sub pixel not a issue. lg also says the longevity same as led, 10 years of everyday use.
enjoy siltech :-) ....and for those now thinking oled http://www.whathifi.com/news/oled-tv-reviews-news-and-everything-you-need-to-know
i stoked. i bought a lg oled tv today. it was on a great sale, for black fri in canada. i further had price dropped another $900.00 off already sale price. i have four year in home service with it, including burn in and all pixel issues. i sold my five year old pioneer 141fd plasma, around six months ago. i'm stoked with this and my pono.
@rick canedo. thanks for the info. that gives me the track info i was looking for. i was also able to get the track info from the pono world s/w, which seems to be buggy (i use a mac). i realize it is still in beta state, but i really struggled with it trying to rip/upload/copy files. it also hung up several times while trying to run the update on the pono. the eagles greatest hits tracks are 192/24 just like lrooe, which was surprising to me since they are so different sonically.  the gh master was really poor quality. disappointing. i was able to upload steely dan aja (some backers had inquired about it) and it sounds amazing. i have both the cd file and the 96/24 file. there is definitely a noticeable difference. i also uploaded the new pink floyd 96/24 file. awesome. all in all, i am extremely pleased with the pono.  worth the wait!!
@mark turner. if you double tap the display with the album cover, it will show the quality of the file playing.
@kenichiro hashimoto if all your address sections are ticked and it says "logistics problem", this should be sorted by 8th december, when the cardboard packaging to replace the bamboo is in place. i too am in the identical situation. as far as i am aware, you don't need to do anything.
@ramil lau lmao you found a cool way to upgrade the pono
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
listening to pono thru my stereo. what can i say, awesome.
from a late train...downtown lights...let's go out tonight.... it's just glasgow...on a wet saturday night.... so evocative.
i have every record by the blue nile and paul buchanan. i love hats. and it gets to me, too. absolutely. especially lately.
aaaww...that's kinda good tho?..... shows it moves you.... and some folk here would say you have a heart! lol lol...which i know you have :-) the blue nile does that for me... reminds me of my departed dad. listen to "hats" when you get a chance, the whole album, moves me.
@mark t good to hear your eagles le is in the house! eden good, as you say greatest hits not best recorded/mastered, california would have been excellent...hey ho...at least you will get to upload your own choices.
@graeme, i have lots of al green. i love him. makes me cry, though.
...kid charlemagne... doesn't get any better when played loud! mcb :-) did i point you to play al green broken hearts with my random list......soooo soulful
mcboogie....wish i had done all the legwork and got my stuff onto sd card for pono... however this weekend i'll get my head on!
lol mcboogie!... that's the problem... you're biased, you just freakin luv them! gaucho must sound superb as well then going back to dr wu, haitain divorce, kid charlemagne...that bass on kid c... mega!....then back to aja, peg, josie, deacon blue... spankingly mega! lol
@graeme, i have listened to aja. and i think all steely dan sounds freaking amazing on the pono.
collected my yellow pono at ups today. good to know: at least here in germany they keep it for a couple of days, after delivery failed trice, i was really afraid, that they would ship it back to china immediately. what can i say about the sound: just borrowed my son's foldable sennheiser px 100 headphones. so no serious stuff but it already sounds great. my partner gave it a short try and responded: "mine!" have to get a cable and cinch adaptors tomorrow and try it with my linn active speakers. all i can say right now: pono kept their promises! thx to neil young for kindling the fire, thy to the kickstarter community to fuel it!
just signed for the le eagles pono (#12 of 276, not too bad). the two pre-loaded albums are long road out of eden and greatest hits (gh was not a very good recording to begin with). not the two i would have chosen for sure to "show off" a high res music player. was hoping for older material for both, ie, hotel california, the long run (both pretty decent sounding recordings too). i originally pledged for the tom petty le early on in the campaign, but changed to eagles when they announced it. wish now i had stayed with petty (especially since they included a third album. who knew??) getting ready to boot it up and give it a listen. i will be using sony mdr-7506 headphones for private listening. my 2.1 room setup is peachtree audio components driving totem speakers. since the pono uses its own dac, i'll be connecting it into one of the peachtree audio's aux inputs, bypassing peachtree audio's dac. i'm curious to see how the pono dac compares. so while typing this, i have been listening through the sony phones. two impressions: the greatest hits tracks do not sound good at all- no deep end, highs are shrill, sounds like an ipod--very compressed, especially loud. bad choice for a freebie album. as i suspected, since the original recoding of that particular album back in the day was not very good, it does not sound good on the pono. so, i guess that explains that one. however, the other album sounds amazing!  especially at loud volumes! i'm assuming that the greatest hits content is cd quality from a bad master, while lrooe is higher res from a much better master. i'm sure there is a way to see the res info on the player; i haven't been able to find that function yet. so far, i'm impressed when it comes to the higher res material; not impressed with the eagles pre-loaded content however. while lrooe sounds good through the phones, musically it's certainly not the eagles best stuff. i will load up some other high res content and hook the pono up to my listening room later this evening and see what she can do there.
has anyone played steely dan aja through their pono yet? if so, what's the thought versus vinyl?
@pauldesmond...  could be content-related? i wonder if you are listening to well-produced music featuring real instruments, or something closer to edm or modern pop? i don't think ponoplayer will show much improvement playing certain music. a combination of digital/sample based instruments, poor mixing, and loudness mastering results in a sludge that even pono player won't improve on much. there's also your playback systems: perhaps you have some particulars in your room, your speakers, or elsewhere in your signal chain that is leveling the playing field. and of course, there's the concept of your own hearing abilities, both physical and learned. anyways, just trying to help. i don't want to see anyone feeling ripped off by hi rez audio.
@kinch, thanks for your advice. unfortunately, i'm not good at speaking english very much. so i'll ask them by email not to misunderstand what they say.
@james, they aren't going out in any particular order. it has nothing to do with when you pledged. hang in there. you should have it soon.
@james griffiths:  check out updates 50 & 51, i think they'll have the answers you're looking for. @den:  thanks for an honest review.  i've never been a big believer in break-in time for audio equipment, but many have said that pono really shines after a few days of use so i'm keeping an open mind on that.
i received my pearl jam le player last week (i live in the netherlands). the delay seemed to have been some missing address info and telephone number even though i'm sure i had provided that info earlier.... anyway.....their new online address updater tool (see update #50) solved the prob and after filling in my info again the player was shipped 2 days later. one down side is that i had to pay an additional 80eur on import taxes :-/ (not pono's issue i know....still sucks though) as for the player... i do think it looks a bit....cheap. the little microsd cover feels like it can break off anytime and the touch screen is of a low quality. that's just looks but the pono is all about the sound so........ i'm not an audiophile but it does produce a nice warm and full sound. so far i've listened to thom yorke's tommorow's modern boxes (mp3 format), natalie merchant's self titled album (flac format) and pink floyd's the endless river (ripped from cd in flac via the ponoworld app). even though i can't say that my mind was blown (as you might expect after viewing all of the 'first listen' videos) i do hear a difference. the best listening experience of the 3 albums i listened to was natalie merchant who sold her album online in flac format. i'll certainly be searching for more high quality recordings like that until the pono music store becomes available in my country. all in all i do think that it has to do with the quality of the original recording, the right file format and your headphones. for all of you who are still waiting for your players i hope they come soon! be sure to (double) check your address info in any case!
sorry if this has been addressed somewhere in the thousands of earlier comments. does anyone know whether the players are being shipped in the order in which pledges were received or, as in some other kickstarter projects i have backed, priority is being given to pledges from certain countries? not a complaint so please don't attack, just interested as i made my pledge for an october delivery within minutes after the process opened and my status for a yellow player is not yet manufactured. if the players are being sent in order of timing of pledge within each category ( ie yellow, clear, le etc) they must have received an astronomical number of pledges within a very short period.
less than an hour ago, phil baker from pono music posted that "all limited editions will be completed by december 8th." very good to hear!
in theory, kickstarter backers receive rewards.  in practice, they preorder products which they may or may not ever receive.
you knew that going in. don't moan about it now. see, also: kickstarter reward. not a purchase.
dan, i went back and read all 3 of your posts to this community, and i'm a bit confused. did you misread the information about your $100 pledge to support the pono project? if you pledged $100, you are entitled to, "neil young signed poster – get a signed 18x24 poster from neil young's carnegie hall show. plus: all the above." the above mentioned rewards were, "ponomusic founders club – welcome to the club! get sneak-peek product updates and awesome kickstarter-exclusive swag – a ponomusic sticker + t-shirt – to show off your undying support to the ponomusic revolution. sizes s, m, l, xl. plus: all the above." and "love + thanks – that's what we feel for your pledge + a thank you on our website – www.ponomusic.com – for helping us revive the soul of music!" i don't see anywhere where the pono team lead you to believe you were going to be getting any kind of "credit toward pono purchase"...
@dan hill relax have a nice hot cup of starbucks coffee and enjoy
mcboogie... i'm lost with this xmas comes a month early thanksgiving day thing so will go read up and educate myself why, to my uneducated self, you guys/gals get 2 xmas things! lol
hey mark, that is good news, let us know what albums on when you get it...i switched in/out of the eagles le twice, then opted for 2 yellow & 1 black pono
screw pono!  $100 for  poster and no credit toward pono purchase.. sheesh.
@kenichiro hashimoto i would telephone support at  us phone no: 408-846-7467 hours of 6am to 6pm pacific time if you can. wait until tomorrow as today is thanksgiving in the u.s. so support are unlikely to be working. make a list of the questions you want to ask before you call, so that you can get all the information you need about whether logistics is still a problem. be very specific that they have your address correct. mine was given to me correctly by support, but they still managed to leave an important part of it, and my mobile telephone number off the parcel.
my order status is still logistics issue with country, though all items in the checklist are green. should i change something or just wait? does it accept cellphone number? have anyone in japan received the reward?
i also suffer from migraines. they suck. nothing worse. hope you get better glasgow. but on a lighter note, got my "your order has been shipped" email today. pono was shipped on 11/20. due for delivery tomorrow 11/28. i pledged the le eagles.  might wrap it up and put it under the tree. or maybe not...
hi, @graeme. sorry about the deer and migraine. that sucks. :-( thanksgiving here. ate loads of turkey and dressing. need a nap.
hi, @graeme. sorry about the deer and migraine. that sucks. :-( thanksgiving here. ate loads of turkey and dressing. need a nap.
...head poking into the pono bar... hallo mcboogie, siltech update 51 was best update in my view as detailed/honest which is appreciated. i have one pono, awaiting other.... and wishing those folks awaiting their order, swiftest possible delivery :-) not got playing mine properly yet as received a dose of mcboogie luck which involved me swerving car to miss bambi and bursting tyre/alloy wheel!.... awkward tyre change in forest, then migraine, then parked up for 5 hours trying to shake off migraine (which i take drugs for) as i just couldn't drive.... so interesting day! lol sounds crass i know folks cos i have received pono however hang on in there. wonder if pono attracts bambi? lol
he's always trolling.
@ siltech - how is he trolling exactly?
pete, he's trolling man
pete, he trolling
havent received my herbie hancock player. delivery date estimated to be october 2014? whats up?
foo fighters missing as well?
@pauldesmond... can you confirm you are using itunes app on your iphone 6 to playback 16bit/44.1k cd-spec tracks and what format are they please. the other issue is that an iphone (even a 6) lacks the ability to play down hires audio via the headphone jack. you get near cd quality and that depends on the file format of course. there is a way but it becomes a geek's project using an external usb dac and apple's lightning to usb adapter. easier with a pono i have thought....
@oboogie relax and enjoy a cup of starbucks i don't see update 51 to be to meaningfully other than a new excuse as to why i do not have a pono, problem with black paint?  why are they painted in the first place why not just put the color into the plastic. glad you have yours and until i have my pono i will post anything i want on this comment section, just as you do. are you still over at the pono music force site? have they been able to allow searches and users to change thier user name yet? happy thanksgiving to all http://store.starbucks.com/starbucks-thanksgiving-blend/011002143,default,pd.html
hmmm, i pledged for a le ny & crazy horse, which were not mentioned in the series of delayed les. still, my status page shows that it has not been maufactured yet....what gives????
it's a good one, too, @siltech.
update 51 out
dear jerry, shut up. best, everyone
@pauldesmond  electronics do not make any difference. so i would be surprised if you could hear difference, actually.
@pauldesmond i will buy your pono standard offer is now $125 dollar starbucks gift card. trust your ears it is what it is. bla bla bla pono
i have to say after one week of repeatedly listening (i have the beck signature series) i cannot honestly discern much difference between the pono, and my itunes/iphone 6 versions. between swapping between the two i sometimes feel the pono is slightly warmer but not to the extent that the campaign led me to believe - in neil's car. stupid to throw numbers at it but my best guess is the pono is 5% better than an iphone playing 16/44.1... i'm using b&w p5 mk 1 headphones, so there may be some improvement i could further invest in. i never considered my hearing to be particularly impaired but am keeping my options open. should i really be expecting a *quantum* leap over my existing (admittedly less than perfect) setup, or is this modest uplift all that i should realistically expect? the cost of 24/192 files, carrying a 2nd piece of hardware and the clunkiness of pono music/player isn't something i'd value over the standard apple infrastructure but am open to suggestion - i love my music and would value the opportunity to aspire to a better portable solution - but now not convinced this is really attainable? i'm not looking for a fight, just would value the opinion - can the pono endure a blind listening, against non-hd players really? any tracks that the pono in hi-res blows the iphone away would be greatly appreciated - i'd happily purchase more music just to prove it to myself. i invested in pono, not as a doubter, but as a healthy sceptic.
@simon, they are still shopping in waves. you may get it before you get your tracking number. hang in there.
@creator i purchased one of the neil young - artist signature series and i was wondering if they have all been shipped because i haven't even received a tracking number for it.
ebay missed his meds, again
@creator don't be the scrooge that stole christmas send those ponos out as you promised “i think when you make a deal, you’ve got to stick to the deal that you have made. if you are going to change the deal, you have got to talk to the people you made a deal with and change it.” bla bla bla pono
@siltech that's right ron you can get all your favorite stereo stuff at ebay
ebay
happy thanksgiving to all http://store.starbucks.com/starbucks-thanksgiving-blend/011002143,default,pd.html
@creator  “i think when you make a deal, you’ve got to stick to the deal that you have made. if you are going to change the deal, you have got to talk to the people you made a deal with and change it.”
@creator any word on deliveries still no email looks like no pono in november
p10 on ebay way over priced http://www.ebay.com/itm/ps-audio-ppw-p10-us-b-black-power-cable-201-ttaf-gold-line-series-1-meter-/261666431268… http://www.ebay.com/itm/starbucks-sterling-silver-card-limited-edition-premium-925-new-genuine-/221597259081…
@richheart awhile ago, i had a annoying hum in my stereo system. i tried everything, and to no avail. i then bought a ps audio humbuster component, and fixed. i've since replaced humbuster with a ps audio p10 regenerator. still no hum, and cleaned up the mains.   your correct, it's hit and miss. the hum is an annoyance, big time.
a hum is not good
ground loop isolator will eliminate the issue with hum cheap or expensive cost about 20 bucks http://www.amazon.com/pac-sni-1-3-5-3-5-mm-isolator/dp/b001eaqtri http://www.amazon.com/starbucks-gift-card-25/dp/b00ar51y5i/ref=sr_1_1…
@kelron your parents said the same thing. maybe mine did too, but they were kind enough not to tell me. :) but seriously, what doesn't meet your expectations? sound quality? @rocky mountain hum, hmmmm? most modern electronic equipment has floating isolation (uses 2 cables for mains connection with no earth cable). if you connect 2 pieces of electronics, with each of them plugged into the mains (as is the case if you plug your pono into an amplifier while also connected to a computer - or the mains  - via the usb cable) there can be a difference in levels created that causes a hum. this can happen even on extremely expensive and sophisticated equipment.  notwithstanding the above, i leave my pono connected to my computer and playback through my amplifier with no hum. hum is a bit of a hit and miss phenomenon. @tom dube did the answer you received resolve your problem?
this is my first post but i have been following this comments section since day 1. i just received my yellow pono, filled it up with few lousy mp3 of 3mb each songs and tried it on. the sounds are fuller and there is a new  dimension that i never listen before from that song with my iphones. i played the spiderman theme from michael buble and ask my colleagues to comment. their faces are stunned when listen to it... pono really do deliver its promises. thank you neil..... viva pono!!!
thank you ed!  i normally use ie too.  i also received confirmation that my yellow shipped yesterday.  i'm really curious about the music that is going to be on the microsd card. happy thanksgiving all!  gobble  gobble!
so basically the more money you paid, the quicker you get your pono. eh, that's fine with me. $200 is a steal for a pono :) as long as i have my black pono by christmas i'll be happy
ebay i can't afford it.
yep siltech stuff on ebay
ebay
http://m.ebay.com/itm/331394114169…
yes you can buy siltech cables on ebay   not sure why
$125 starbucks good for neil's favorite coffee or maybe an amazon card
@keiron tomasso i'll up jerry's offer to a full $100 itunes card.
@tom, they are on your included micro sd card.
check the included micro sd card
received my signature series (buffalo springfield) but it didn't come with two of the artist's favorite albums, just neil's song "there's a world".  anyone else get shortchanged, and is there a remedy?
ebay
lot of times cheap electronic devices don't expect other cheap devices plugged into them especially the case when plugging players into say the radio in your car and also plugging it into the cars powers supply outlet. you can get a ground loop isolator that separates the electronic hum. if you are also getting this from your computer when say plugged into the sound card input and the usb port you may also get some hum. again cheaply built electronics designed by people who don't understand grounding lithium ion batteries can not be completely drained if the unit is designed properly it will shut off by itself. if it were to go to low of voltage it can be very dangerous that is why the battery protection circuit is required if you drain it to far it should not allow you to charge it period and it will need to be scrapped. the proper way to use these batteries is to use it until it shuts off and then fully charge it. short cutting the charge cycle should not shorten battery life if you get say 400 full charges you would get 800 half charges after that it's shot and should be replaced bla bla bla pono
@keiron tomasso can you let us know what you don't like about the player, likely a lot of the flaws might get fixed threw updates and third party hacks. but you can avoid the hassles of ebay i'll give you give you a 75 dollar gift card to starbucks and i'll pay for the shipping costs.
@ keiron, you don't get your money back on a kickstarter campaign.  hence wc's suggestion to try ebay.  however, i can't imagine why anyone would not like the pono.  i walked around the house this afternoon during a break from work enjoying the riffs by neil.  absolutely fantastic!  i guess to each his own.
steve lambert, i've read a discussion about this on the pono community. the plug goes from white to green, but the lightning bolt is still supposed to be visible. while it is charging, the thin green line is visible, but the plug part is white. it goes green when charged.
@keiron, try ebay.
after 4 day with this device i can honestly say i want my money back... anyone know how that's done???
humming when plugged in likely poorly soldered joints and bad grounding. do you have a hum when using headphones or just when plugged into amplifier or computer. could be bad soldering joints in amp or computer but more likely in pono. also unless charging circuit is cheaply made you should have no problems charging battery while it is playing and if it's taking 10 hours or even 4 hours you probably have a lemon. bla bla bla pono starbucks forever
rocky plugged into ps audio regenerator, supply ac voltage and no hum.
makes sense, and thanks. i believe in break-in period. wonder how long it takes for the capacitor and other components inside to break-in? then from great to sublime sonic bliss.
6.2 million dollars for this. are you kidding me? pono, what happened?
i think the manual was work in progress and  the system probably changed afterwards. no big deal. remember not to play plugged in ( can get a hum) and the type of battery prefers to be charged before being completely drained. i lied about the loudness but when loud it shows pono attitude - and that's when the clarity and pure sound shines through ! enjoy!
siltech, i stopped charging mine and hooked it up to the computer. green bar looked about 90 per cent charged. so maybe i just had to leave it in another hour.  couldn;t wait any longer :-)
rocky, why does it say and show plug solid in manual. please look in manual and see. also, thanks for your answer.
the plug doesn't change. fully charged the green bar is all the way across the screen at the top. a battery symbol with 3 bars can appear next to the line. important note: when playing the pono it must be played loud
the manual shows a picture, and says plug goes solid. the full charge is suppose to take 4 hours. i hope nothing wrong with mine, steve's and others. i'm calling customer support tomorrow. the number is in manual. i'll report back tomorrow, what they say.
steve, good question. i plugged mine in for 10 hours, and lightning bolt still on display. i thought the plug on display goes solid. i thought i was the only one. help from anyone. thanks
i mean -- does the lightning symbol go away at some point
just got my pono and it's been charging for five hours. lightning bolt symbol-in-plug still displayed, all in green. does the plug symbol go away at some point? also, does the pono charge when attached to the computer?
"he shoots!....he scores!!" nice one ed :-)  seems the yellow ones are beginning to flow which is good news... giving hope for the yellow pono folk :-) enjoy the holiday (thanksgiving?)... that's a treat to look forward to on your return. have had short listen on mine and sounding very good indeed... however need to load more on and get a proper feel for it... i should have done all the saving to memory card stuff weeks ago so i could just get crackin'... hey, ho... that's all part of the fun! no uk ponomusic store for now anyway so you good folks in the us get to play first! it's good to know it's sitting here awaiting exploration! enjoy ed :-)
it must be true that every dog has his day....woof woof, i got the email today!  my yellow mcpono (see what you've done to us, graeme?) is in california and about to begin the coast-to-coast journey.  out of town for the holiday, so the unboxing (no unb*llocksing for me graeme :-) ) will probably come monday.  i've found all the user reviews here and elsewhere to be very informative, so i'll post one after a day or two of futzing around with it.
i guessed you were, of sorts! it's funny, if we're having a drink, a blether, a laugh.... it loses it the longer i type it here!....i'm beginning to sound like the sad, drunk guy in the corner, only amusing himself! lol so, mcboogie....i will leave you with this battle cry to google "tongs ya bass"...... that's your homework! as i saunter off i lift my kilt to you and my 3 amigos and if you look carefully, without blushing you will see "official - mcpono" stamped on my arse! lol
i'm feigning ignorance, you see. :-)
you're doing again mcboogie? off-topic! ...or don't they have smutty innuendo outside of scotland? lol again in a nice way mcb :-) x
well i take great pleasure that you are a wee bit bamboozled! it's humour, scottish style.... i will try to explain altho' much easier when drunk, face to face and having a laugh! thank you for your support mcboogie :-) ...much appreciated. and to the 3 amigos....you know who you are, cheers dears! to the twat.... you most certainly know who you are! lol
have fun with mr. mcpono!
time for a cuppa tea here... a wee earl grey will do nicely and a couple of mcvities chocolate digestive! will i shuffle off now and leave space for everyone else? mcboogie? mcboogie? mcboogie!!...... you can see them!....only in your shadow...in the moonlight...on the shores of loch ness! lol lol i'll report back with review when i have fired mr mcpono up! cheers mcdears :-)
i'm still here. bit confused? but still here. :-)
mcb?....i have driven everyone away? just you, me and ponos?
mcboogie....it means you have invisible ones... that you'll only ever see on the shores of loch ness! lol ....and i mean that sincerely in a nice way!
well mcboogie?... nope, i can't explain it here!... i couldn't possibly explain it here as i couldn't possibly stop mcgiggling! no matter... you worked your magic and a million mcpono thanks to you and whoever else i upset that wanted rid of me! lol
and siltech... you may have noticed i have joined the yellow mcpono clan :-)
i literally have no idea what that means.
mcboogie....are you still talkin' pono here or are you off-topic again! lol
check on a full moon mcboogie whilst standing on the misty shores of the legendary loch ness.... as you stand in the moonlight, look ahead at your shadow casting on the shore and you will see the outline of 2 orbs in your girly regions... yet when you look down?.... nothing there!.... only visible in your shadow in those conditions!!.....amazing!!! lmfao :-))))))
put a kilt on it. and play the bagpipes  to it. then it will work.
i of course had already sold them mcboogie to pay for pono so i gave the ups driver shane's as he left them unattended whilst playing with his pono! lol this gets worse!....so moving on and way from those. how the hell does it all work with me being in scotland, uk....do i load a bit of shortbread in and see what happens?
gah. hahahaha. no.
earrings mcboogie? lol
rocky mountain way....damn!...i didn't google because i was relying on my memory saving me?....i could hear her voice but couldn't picture her name! lol not a legendary song however an ok radio tune.
errrrr. thanks? but no thanks?
mcboogie! i love you mcboogie!...so much?... that i pledge my testicles to you! oops.....nope....they're gone for the pono taxes! lol thankfully i can't even send you a picture of them!...for fear of being arrested!
@graeme, you are correct. i do not have those.
yes mcboogie... i know... you don't have those!... lol other than the ones you have removed on here with your razor sharp replies! lol lol thankfully i hid mine from you like a sumo wrestler.... retract them!
@graeme, it was me. allllllll me. all my doing.
ed, thank you for your best wishes... this is beginning to sound like an oscar acceptance speech! lol i'm willing yours to your door!...as you will be looking forward to swiftly detaching your testicles and handing them to mr ups in exchange for your pono pleasure!
mcboogie :-) i see you have lost none of your directness! lol lol  and yes, an itsy bitsy, teeny weeny, yellow polka dot pono is safely within the walls of my fine scottish castle....or as we say from these parts "ma but n' ben".... where do we scots get this sh*te from! lol   the polka dots fell off and i am now sitting looking at my yellooooooooow ponooooooooo :-) .... and my sincere wish is all those awaiting get theirs... noting i had no change in my order, no email....a phone call from a ups driver looking for money re taxes etc yesterday.... delivery today...and an email tonight from ups saying my pono had been shipped?....so, a magical way to keep me guessing?.....so, maybe no change in your order doesn't mean the pono wheels aren't in action. frankly i think mcboogie did a mcpono dance for me and the mcpono wizard felt the mcb force and fired my out the factory door to shut me up! lol
hi, @siltech. :-)
@ graeme. it was jennifer warnes off famous blue raincoat. from memory stevie ray vaughan on lead guitar. all leonard cohen songs. quite a good album. i think leonard & she had a falling out... maybe he was upset his songs were selling better when he wasn't singing them !
hi mcboogie
@zhao, there have been some delays. that was called "estimated delivery" for a reason.
my patti smith lea pono estimated delivery is oct 2014,  why still not shipped out now?
@graeme, even your posts are coming through at a much higher pitch, lol.  congrats on the impending arrival, looking forward to your review!
@graeme, today is the day. hurrah!
cheers ed... the deed is already done!... they are hanging like ear muffs on my porch lamp, awaiting the delivery driver! driver just off phone to confirm where b*llocks/money is! lol i have a spring in my step already!.... less weight! lol lol
@graeme, a couple nights ago i watched a real-life show about a day in the life of a veterinarian that featured the castration of, if memory serves, a goat.  it was an ugly affair.  i'd suggest that you go out and get your hands on some ketamine before ups comes to collect their due. @go hawks, congrats on the arrival of your first pono!  thanks for the tip on chrome, i usually use ie.  computers and i don't get along very well so i expect i'll be spending a lot of time on the pono forums.  oh, and i'm also pledged for an oct yellow; a few days ago its status was updated to "processing - soon to ship,"
... whisper the lyrics doh! is there spellcheck on pono player? lol
nice one go hawks thank you for the correction, i remember version sung by girly tho?... i have resisted googling as it is in my brain somewhere! i'll search my brain a bit harder!
... tip toe into the pono bar ... whisper they lyrics ... they call it mellow y????w ...  houston?... it has landed!
hello, hello, hello! i am celebrating the receipt of my pono le with capital letters, unnecessary pronouns and syllables and extraneous words!  my pono sounds very excellent even with the duct tape earbuds i’ve been using.  about a month ago i think i accidently recycled the good ones with the newspaper on the dining room table (for real)! the pono is definitely much clearer and crisper than my iphone which i thought was pretty good before i listened to my pono!!  the volume is a lot better than on an iphone.  i can use pono at 30% capacity and it is loud enough and comfortable.  the same volume is about 2/3 on the iphone. i cannot wait until i get new headphones!  it is all i can do to wait for the recommendations next year.   i received my le about two weeks ago but got sidetracked from all things pono as there was some great live music in town that was way kacool!  i was also having problems accessing the pono tutorials and had some error messages from the jriver site.  i wrote pono support and they clued me into the fact that maybe my browser was not cutting it. i downloaded chrome and everything accesses well. jj  at first i thought my apple lossless was not moving over to jriver; but they transferred as m4a, or wav or aiff.  i still need to figure out how to remove certain directories from the jriver library without deleting the original… ok it’s out there, i am not very technical; obviously.   feel free to send advice.    i was supposed to get my le in december but i had initially pledged the first evening of the kickstarter campaign for an le to be delivered in october.  later i dropped that le for one to be delivered in december and in the last hours of the campaign i pledged for a yellow pono with october delivery.  i have not received the yellow pono, yet, but if i were counting, i figure i’m even.  much too much has been made of slight delays in the timing of deliveries.  graeme – the location was first manhattan, then berlin not la/ author, leonard cohen. your movie list was great! i saw most of them. any list of woody’s best should include sleeper, love and death and of course zelig. here’s a bit of zelig, if you watch closely you might even get a psychedelic vibe. j http://www.youtube.com/watch… recently we all watched the original cape fear with gregory peck and robert mitchum! very cugat!  great suspense! also watched the cabinet of dr. caligari. great! (compare and contrast zelig and dr. caligari)  shouldn’t groundhog day should be on the list too? whoa, no wonder i don’t post much!
@siltech have a starbucks coffee and enjoy
ebay
@creator any word on deliveries today? just wanted to check before i go to starbucks for some coffee
@tw. love my nad hp50's with the pono!! blissful!!
hm, looks like someone already received their non-le: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
just logged on to the website, appears my tom petty le has not yet been manufactured
@tw, i love my momentum over ears by sennheiser.
still hoping to get feedback on which pair of over ear headphones will work best with pono? any thoughts? sennheiser preferably.
@shane... if you have managed to tear yourself away from your ponole... i may be joining you in pono world... or someone from china has sent me a parcel for which i will be removing by b*llocks to pay the taxes...only to open the parcel and find a box full of triangular pono noodles! lol
mcb..... there are some that i am a mcfunny **nt... however i'm just me :-)
you're funny. tomorrow is the big pono day. looking forward to hearing what you think!
hi mcboogie... tis exciting in a loch ness monster sighting sort of way!.... which is the documentary on the telly just now as i am typing this... never has a tourist industry squeezed soooo much out of an "alleged" sea monster! lol i have agreed with the ups chap to hide said testicles ( or money! ) in my garden tomorrow which he will retrieve and then deliver pono whilst i'm working... it's like a cold war spy thriller... hide the microfilm in a chocolate bar like a toblerone and stash under the 3rd boulder to the left of the big oak tree... we will then deliver your pono disguised as a half-eaten burger & chips! fantastic! ed...i knew i had been saving my testicles for a very good reason... and so the reason has arrived! lol  i will search for a new pair on ebay!.... one careful owner etc! i think ups use the collected pairs as ear muffs for the cold winters in the us? lol
i hope you get your pono today, @graeme. do keep us posted.
@steve hugill, for iems, depending on your budget, i have a pair of westone 4 that are fantastic; they don't make 'em any more but you might snag some on ebay for.   i also have a pair of shure 215 that are a lot less costly but have nice, tight bass and an overall warm sound that i really like for around $90-100 us. @graeme, so you're about to go from alto to soprano in the name of pono.  wonder what ups does with all those used testicles at the end of the day.
this pono music player thing for the computer is... interesting.... deffo need some decent headphones to listen to it... or should i get buds for work... hmmmm... any ideas?
i will report back tomorrow after i have handed over my testicles to the ups man! lol mcpono may well be in my tartan hands! :-)
... and the tune playing on the dance floor for the mcb & siltech pono waltz was... "rapture" by blondie!... reflecting your pono condition! lol oddly, on mcbond/007?.... i was at a bond & beyond concert in the royal concert hall in glasgow yesterday and it was wonderful to hear those iconic theme tunes belted out by an ochestra... and the hit song sung by fine quality singers in the style of matt monro, shirley bassey, tom jones etc...you forget how big those songs were. i know, not tom petty however a fine afternoon's entertainment! lol .....and whistling that bl@@dy guitar rife all the way home....dung dung-dung-dung-dung.....
it seems siltech that mcpono is in scotland awaiting the bollocks of it's new owner! hoots man.....there's a moose loose aboot this hoose!
...a large ups haggis was seen in south west scotland this afternoon.... and the mobile number that kept ringing on my phone... which i was ignoring!... i finally answered in that gruff "i'm busy" tone... "hallo?" yes..."mr lumsden?" yes...."i have a delivery for you and i just need your testicles as payment for your import taxes!" no problem i said... i'll remove them on proof of pono! lol
...whisper it siltech :-) lol
mcpono
mcboogie?... i may be part of the pono gang?
think mine finally updated to "pono player will be manufactured soon" from whatever it use to say.cant remember but i'm positive it didn't say that it will be manufactured soon.  pearl jam le i hope it gets shipped out before december arrives (next monday).  i'm not holding my breath.
over ear headphone
anyone, can anyone recommend the best overeat headphones for the pono?
congrats steve......enjoy
i wish i had my pono right now.
doh! found it on the website...
woop woop!!! got mine about an hour ago! now where is that link to the software... sounds amaaaazing!!! just need decent headphones now!
otis redding
sitting on the dock of the bay.
currently listening to how can you mend a broken heart? al green. another song that makes me cry. #sentimentalfool
thanks pete, for sharing what is obviously a deep and personal moment in your story, cemented as it was to a specific piece of music.   music has that power, as sometimes a smell or a view does to slam you just for an instant back to that moment when they joined.  as i believe that neil's vision and the whole genesis of this little pono family we've all joined is the music, imho this site could use a little more of that purity of focus.   quality over quantity.   i love when everyone posts their thoughts and feelings when their pono is first fired up.   i'll wager those are moments you'll never forget.
this device is becoming a pain in the ass. my final cost $550 cdn. from what i can gather on the pono site. still to be built.
going to receive my player this week (24. november 2014) - even i ordered a signature edition. additionally i have to pay 71€ on customs. would have been nice if pono stated this before...
great....with the customs attached my pono player will cost almost 600$ ... if i'd known that!!!
nov. 24th, still waiting for my pearl jam le to be manufactured.. *yawn*
hahha oh dear such deep emotional memories for me with "like a hurricane".... the day was in high summer, hot as anything, previous year i had finished school at age 18 into a good job as a studio engineer trainee and my then girlfriend who meant everything to me had decided to do university in another city and had called she wanted to see me urgently over a weekend. it was a long drive in my old clunker car and when i arrived i was greeted with a look she was in turmoil and the news she spoke of was not what i wanted to hear so i left for the last time ever, my heart broken and annoyed i'd driven so far for just this. and as i returned to the motorway for home i selected a cassette tape (remember them)? of "decade" that had just been released randomly cued so it instantly began in on the strains of hurricane with neil's signature guitar riffs absolutely pounding out my car-stereo (more important than engine maintenance) as i thrashed my upset out on the engine of my old car... then ... suddenly mid song (i kid you not) in that heat, in the roar of that tortured engine, the open windows and the loud as possible music that engine up and exploded in perfect beat time throwing down metal shrapnel and oil all over the lane, locking up the rear wheels and a trail of smoke for miles that today's environmentalists would be in horror of. i found later there was a piston sticking out of the engine block and yes it was a really long trip home...
@siltech, i just listened to "like a hurricane" on my computer.  wow!  thanks for the link.  my computer's an imac, and it sounded really good, but i want to hear it on pono!!  i know those guitar riffs will sound out of this world fantastic on pono!
@siltech, very nice!
me too
i love that song, @siltech. makes me cry.
wc check out that great neil young song.
&wanda :)
good ideas @siltech and @richhart!  hope you get your pono's soon, john and pete and the rest!
http://grooveshark.com/#!/now_playing/like+a+hurricane/pqtpn
ebay
@siltech hopefully the battery is installed so as to be easy enough to replace with the triangle shape one never knows. hope it is like a panasonic ncr18650 and not a cheap copy cat. and i hope they release the firm ware so it can be modified to do accommodate changes like custom sleep timers etc. once i get my pono its on my agenda to open it up and see whats inside.
charging while in settings sleep mode will work. i'll use this method, unless they firmware update it. they should mention your trick in manual. thanks sir.
@wanda l. anderson, that's right! you are lucky in that you get to use mine occasionally. others aren't so lucky. but they will be happy when they finally get them. at least i hope so. i know i enjoy the hell out of mine. :-d
i know it's a workaround. i didn't like the screen showing a picture of a plug for hours. so i charge with the player on, in sleep mode. no pic, full charge. also, for those who are complaining about a few weeks delay: your screen should last longer..... looking on the bright side :)
@o'boogie you're welcome.  for your sake, i wish you had not left your pono here.  for my pleasure, it's okay that you did.  ;-)  at least you will be here wednesday evening and can get it then.  i'll be glad when my willie nelson is delivered.  then i can listen whenever i want.  but, a lot of people are in the same place.  we'll just enjoy them even more when they arrive.
wouldn't this be cool, if this site had a webcam option.
thank, your the best. i find the other site all over the place.
sure. i'll do that, mate. thanks, @siltech.
@o'boogie i don't go to the other site. maybe you could put suggestion in for firmware update on screen charge sleep mode. i think the engineers can do this thru firmware update. easy fix, and thanks.
i'll replace the battery myself, when needed.
i hate when post says try again, and then you get double.
i looked in manual and it appears to stay on. when fully charged, the plug goes solid. maybe future firmware update can do the iphone screen way.  i'm listening to neil youngs greatest hits, on 2004 reprise records. sounds great.
i looked in manual and it appears to stay on. when fully charged, the plug goes solid. maybe future firmware update can do the iphone screen way.  i'm listening to neil youngs greatest hits, on 2004 reprise records. sounds great.
i wouldn't worry to much about the screen not going to sleep it will last a lot longer than the life of the battery and since the battery is not replaceable you will just need to buy a new one when that happens
@siltech  when i had it plugged in at my mom's tonight, it showed a little plug and a charging symbol which seemed to stay on. agree that it would be better if it went to sleep. :-/
my iphone display starts on, and then goes in a sleep charge mode. this will prolong life of display.
staying on cant be good for display.
@b'boogie when i'm charging the pono player, the display lights up and shows charging. does your display stay on, or go off? mine seems to stay on and not go in sleep mode. thanks
ebay
@creator any chance of an update on delivery of a regular black pono. i still have no emails other than the ones from you saying you have all of my shipping information. i backed on day one. tidal is nice but the internet buffering is to much sometimes. guess ill go down to starbucks for a coffee while i am waiting.
i'm glad you are enjoying my pono that i accidentally left at your house! :-) i'm excited about trying my rha ma750is tomorrow at work. :-d thanks, momma.
your hearing " sounds " excellent, wanda.
i listened to @o'boogie's csty pono with the "rha ma750i noise isolating premium in-ear headphone" i purchased at the apple store yesterday.  i was going to wait for the headphone from the pono store, but decided i needed something now, and the reviews of this one are excellent.  i don't post reviews of such things because of my lack tech knowledge.  however, i thought the sound was excellent.  i listened to "into the mystic" by van morrison and "thing called love" by john hiatt.  the separation of sound is fantastic.  at least it was to this non-tech person.
but that is just my life experience.
i read the tirade by @travissyle more than once to try to understand what his problem is.  i can't.  all i can surmise is that he must have been conned by someone at some point in his life which resulted in his apparent paranoia.  concerning kickstarter, i have backed 33 projects, and the promised pledge items have been delivered for all that are completed.  some are still in process.  the majority of the items for which i pledged took longer than originally projected, sometimes considerably longer, but i was not, and am not, concerned about the delivery.  it is obvious that ponos are being delivered.  @o'boogie's csny was mailed to me because i ordered it for her before i decided to get a willie nelson lf.  she has not yet received my wn pono.  i'll get it when i get it.  @anthony broadstock, if backers of pono have previous experience in ks campaigns, and i see you don't, they know that it is not a good idea, even eight or nine months in advance, to plan on giving an item for a specific special occasion.  i did that last christmas, knowing from experience that the item might be sent later than projected, and gave the person a picture of the "gift" with an explanation as to why he did not receive the item itself.  "risks and challenges" are shown at the end of every ks campaign page.  if one can't afford a loss, one should not back any ks campaign.  fortunately, the pono campaign backers are receiving their ponos.  i hope i don't back a ks campaign for which i don't receive a pledged item, but, as i said, "risks and challenges" are always posted.  "prometheus: unlimited power",  the ks link travis provided, may or may not have been a con.  the project was suspended before it was funded.  that could be for any reason.  perhaps travis is privy to information not posted on ks, but i prefer to think wei yuan realized he could not complete the project.  i prefer to believe that people are who they say they are and believe they will do what they say they will do.  i have been disappointed on occasion, but generally i am not.  people generally live up to what we expect of them.  but that just my life experience.
to be or not to be?
i hope you get it soon. i have no idea what the hold up is, @john.
here is my follow-up after somebody said that they doubted my theory. "this portion of the kickstarter update 50 (along with there being absolutely zero albums by mmj currently available in the pono music store) leads me to believe that the hold-up on these players is due to the lack of availability of the artists albums, "...we have a large number of products in process and any of a multitude of reasons can change the production and shipment schedule. these reasons include the need to re-etch housings for minor cosmetic defects, possible unavailability of the artist’s albums, reworking some units that failed quality inspections, regulations against bamboo boxes in some countries, etc." i do not live in a "bamboo free zone" country (i live in america). if the players needed to be re-etched, shouldn't that be an easy fix - it shouldn't take 6 and a half days to do - the time since update 50 came along. finally, i guess they could fall in the category of "failed quality inspections", but that should be a relatively quick fix as well - if there are other players being shipped out right now, there should be plenty of other players whose housings could be switched out to accommodate those estimated october delivery ones - like the my morning jacket ones."
i'm going to post this comment that i posted earlier today on the pono community (forum): "i have an idea that may resolve the following issue: i'm getting a bit concerned that the my morning jacket le players aren't even in line (cue) to be produced. i'm saying this because of some of the wording about deliveries in the kickstarter update 50. i posted this on mmj's forum a couple of days ago, "...i'd bet that my morning jacket players fall into that category of album not available. a few weeks ago, a lot of mmj's stuff was in the "beta" version of the pono store. however, they disappeared a while back and there's only about 8 singles available at the moment. the store is still in the works, and their pricing isn't even set yet. i just hope they get things worked out soon." another mmj forum member replied with this, "not only did the albums disappear from the store, the links that i posted in this thread disappeared as well!" if our players are being put on hold due to the unavailability of their albums (so they can be pre-loaded to the micro sd cards), i strongly feel that our players should be manufactured and shipped out to us anyway. pono music can always send us a link to the albums, okonokos and circuital, when they do become available in the store for a download. this shouldn't be an excuse to hold us (and our players) hostage or in limbo. i mean, i do understand that many, many players are still in the works, but the le players are supposed to be the first ones out the door. if, and i stress this again, if the mmj le players are still waiting to be manufactured simply due to the fact that pono can't secure the rights to the two albums that are supposed to be pre-loaded, send them to us anyway! i'm sure most of the 96 people who pledged for this particular le (october delivery) pono player already have those two albums and can simply rip them to flac and play them on our players that way until the hopefully higher-resolution versions become available. doesn't this seem like a doable work-around to the problem!?!" i posted a poll over there to get some feedback from those who pledged for the mmj player or anybody else who simply wanted to give their opinion on the matter. mind you, i'm still very hopeful that i will get my player in the not too distant future, but if the only hold-up is the possible unavailability of their albums...i don't care about that at all. i simply want my player to be manufactured and shipped out in a timely manner. what do you all think?
@ rocky - got ya, glad you had fun at the stone concert. @ glassgow k*ss - i'm in
@jdc yes i have my pono. my ears still had that post concert buzz when i wrote that. i just wanted to find it and play some more loud music ! cheers.
@matthewg... mine shows ordered submitted... but folks are gradually receiving them, as noted on here.
@travisstyle... just for clarity... duly logged as evidence. now... let me get this right... international gangs that pledge and pay for items like pono's... they pay out their money... to gain peoples trust?... to dupe them?... astonishing!... would you not think it easier for them to come up with a kickstarter style project... raising money for a scam like trying to help someone (say you - purely for demonstration purposes) for physological analysis and treatment as they are living in a delusional world where the boogie man and demons and monsters are making their world a twilight zone? they would raise quite a sum of money travisstyle. i'm in... if you start a real project travisstyle... but you would need to prove it's not a scam! let's throw it hypothetically out there folks, if travisstyle started a real project like the one outlined... who is in? now single replies only folks and then we move back on-topic!
great that folks are getting their players, but kickstarter took my $$ in april and i have not heard a thing from kickstarter or pono  to confirm that my $400 actually bought something.  now i know that i should receive my grateful dead player in december but my pono account only shows an order # and nothing else. a bit more communication would be appreciated.
@ rocky mountain way - i thought you said you got your pono already, even with the restricted bamboo box?
@ rocky mountain way, fellow kiwi here!  i missed the stones dang it (too sick to go).... i expect our ponos are stuck because of the bamboo box so i'm hoping upon hope they've built some simple cardboard units as substitutes. my only worry though is that i have a red x on my address verification and my support ticket i raised sits unprocessed... i'm sure though any day soon we'll see our ponos will be on their way!
seriously, diabolically, certifiably loony.
phychooooooooooooo
....and travisstyle can go back to under the rock where he came from.
you. are. nuts.
@creator, the pono player charger icon turns green when fully charged ! thanks for the wooden ships file ! off topic - please ! good people ... never ever send paypal money to anyone posting anything here on this public / donor feed !!! ever !!! kickstarter has a very real problem with international gangs posing here / gaining trust from the comments section / then cashing in !!! this has been done before many times / no sob story is ever worth your hard earned cash / you are a target / you have already given money to this (honorable fundraiser) strike one / you have be persuaded by the creators of this and other kickstarter fundraising efforts enough to release funds from your amazon accounts / credit cards / whatever !!! strike two !!! all of you are great people here / some of the avatars here are from the same person (easy to pose & answer questions between the avatars owned by one individual (this comments section is vulnerable to sucker some of us into believing we are acting in good faith when reacting to a very clever good sob story) this is the internet people !!! think !!! so here is something to think on this was a con / people were suckered  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/yuan/prometheus-unlimited-power the coordinated groups act in teams / pose as different people / sucker you in / ask for paypal donations !!! llp
still waiting... still hoping... still grateful i'm a part of this whole experiment... glad several of you/us on here have gotten their players... keep on rockin' in the free world!!!
to what tune are the pono dancers dancing too?
hey shane... i'm reading your first 2 lines and sensing guiness at work... then i think spellcheckitis... finally i diagnose post pono fever! :-) nice to see you pop your head into the pono bar :-)    ... you'll see that sad tartan kilted guy in the corner?... that's me!... ed's over there drowning his pono sorrows in a beer and mcboogie @ siltech are the 2 pono lovers dancin' in the middle of the bar! good to hear you shanetastic! :-)
i danced tonight out walking my dogs, my i compare my pono to a fight with my wife........it lives me emotional drained, it really does tug does imaginary heart strings. i haven't danced in public since the early 90s after a misfortunate mistake whilst taking a tablet for a runny sinus issue and i picked up the wrong pill.......long story, good one though. the pono is worth it, keep the faith brothers and sisters. it's nice to see this forum finding it's nice, decent people level at last. only popping in and leaving again......slainne, peace and love
mcboogie?... try this link as the case here are a bit less power rangers!... marginally more acceptable for the lady phone dropper! lol http://www.urbanarmorgear.com/collections/all#iphone6
@ siltech.... the roller man was a pie maker until he cashed in!....... i suppose he was involved in....wait for it.....espieonage?.....see that mcboogie, did you see that! lol mind you siltech.....with a krell at home you could be goldfinger! i sense the off-topic swat team getting ready for action so moving on topic...... i assume when i order my rolls royce i will be able to specify a bondesque pono as part of my sound system..... or just pay to have the band sit in the rear playing! lol
just woke up from a dream- saw the stones in auckland nz last night. what a show ! live 192/24 flac ! keith said it was good to be back- 'they almost buried me here'. one of the many highlights was midnight rambler with mick taylor, ronnie & keef trading riffs - that boy should've never left the stones. i scored a cool kiwiana poster with a tongue & kiwi designed in a maori motif. the wife wants it framed. my head is still buzzing this morning. where is my pono ?
is it 007, bond, james bond?
@siltech.... strictly it's a bmw now..... however from the scottish perspective it's a...... mcrolls mcroyce i pass a chap several days a week who has 3 and takes his daughter to school in them some days..... and i see him driving home and through his castle gates!....... life has indeed been good to him! lol .....and it is a very large castle!
i call a rolls royce, a rolls royce, in my language. how about you?
@the glasgow k*ss the real deal, sir
@mcboogie..... you are indeed a big jessie! lol i'm sure very stylish but zero bounce protection! ;-) like wearing a cardboard motorcycle helmet!
@graeme but, but, but i love my cute keith haring case from the guggenheim.
lol :-) i am indeed a plonker!
love about?!!........move about!
hallo mcboogie :-) you should love about at all times with a ring of hazard warning signs around you! lol on iphone cases..... griffin survivor is the route to go, i've used them for years, industrial looking yes!......but when (as we know we will always drop our phones at some point lol).... it rises from the ground smiling at you, undamaged!
@siltech......are you sure you don't just makes those speaker manufacturer names up? lol what would you call a rolls royce in your language? lol
holy wow, did you here that batman. next week will be better.
this hasn't been my week.
@siltech dropped it. 18 whole inches. with a screen cover and a case on it. :-/
@o'boogie thanks. what happen to your new iphone 6?
sounds like siltech is in sonic heaven. i'm driving two hours to the nearest apple store today to replace my broken iphone 6. fun times. jealous?
i wish it was. speakers are sonus faber guarneri mementos. yo man
@siltech..... you're saying the near 30lbs krell is not portable?  lol what are your preferred speakers?
both player express emotions wonderfully.     a++++++
typo.     like
i love my pono ny&ch le. i did a a/b comparison on my stereo with krell cipher cd/sacd, and pono player. same songs material played, but on pono 192/24 used, and on krell cipher 44.1/16 used. the krell was connected via siltech princess xlr interconnect, and pono by mini jack to rca. ( i didn't have a mini jack to xlr available. )   the krell sounded more dynamic, fuller or thicker, natural, depth, soundstage, total non fatiguing, airy, separation of instruments, and sonic bliss.  the pono sounded very good. i enjoyed and light very much. this player is portable. this player can be used with headphones, and connect to home system. i think when i connect it using xlr, will sound a little better.   the winner is $12000.00 krell cipher. pono at $400.00, still great.   i'm keeping both!.
@the glasgow k*ss; @jdc you have no ownership rights in downloaded music. the only thing you are buying is the right to listen to it. it's was litigated in the redigi case and the industry prevailed.
so back when the kickstarter project kicked off i pledged for 3 le's ..metallica le for myself foo fighters le for my son as a 21st birthday present for the 25th october but of course sods law says it didn't arrive in time ! and a pearl jam le for my daughter as an xmas present which i had also now planned to do with the foo fighters le for my son. the pearl jam le has still not been built yet but the biggest shock came when the other two were delivered by ups. instead of delivering all of my orders together they were sent seperately at a ups handover cost of £75 per unit so now due to the total ups costs of £205 i will now have to sell one of the le's to cover the postage costs  nightmare !!!!!!!!
glasgow k*ss- agree, i prefer to be an owner of music be it vinyl or cd. i like to have something to show for it on the shelf. are we off topic? sorry...
4 years, nearly 1000uk£?.... and i don't own the music? hmmmmmn....... wait and see for me.
240uk£ annual cost
nice idea tidal however 240uk£ to rent music is excessive in my view. let's see their pricing structure in several months time.
tidal has set up a test to see if people can recognize the flac version of a song. i'm sure everyone here will get 5 of 5 right in this test. i only got 4/5 because the dixie chicks song tripped me up. http://test.tidalhifi.com/
hey mr shane pono! :-) have emailed your nah nahnah nah nah i've got my pono email account! lol as they say in scotland "get it up ye" lol lol lol i am officially lifting my kilt to you so you can read the special message stamped on my tartan bahookie!......which says "k*ss my pono ars*!"   lol lol
@ed.....just read your post before bed and found your email in spam!.......now retrieved! lol. will respond direct over the weekend ed...... much appreciate you getting in touch. i need to shuffle off here as just past 2am scotland, uk time! zzzzzzzzzzzz cheers rd :-)
for those in the uk and germany, a new high resolution audio download service has been announced. google "technics tracks".
@glasgow k*ss  concerning mom & daughter, i prefer to say the apple does not fall far from the tree.  but, yes, we are of the same ilk in many ways.
@shane, thanks for the pointer.  my status just changed to shipping soon today, so i'll give them a little while before i start calling neil :-).
@ed late on this one, ring them, it's the best thing to do. tickets don't work in my opinion, i wouldn't have got my pono without ringing (after three tickets)
@graeme, yes, now the anticipation is ramped up about 100 times if that makes sense.  before it was something that was sort of in the abstract, now it's about to become a reality.  btw, did you get my email?  who knows how long it takes one to get from atlanta to scotland  lol.
*respecfully*
hey wc, thanks man. honestly buddy, i was on the fence, not anymore........i'm born again. and ya tragic, shut that big old pie hole........repeat fully of course
shaken not stirred, except my ears, now they were stirred.............ey the wee men were dancing at the crossroads tonight wee graeme, and the wee bairns danced a merry jig, a jig not heard......ay dina kin........since time of old.......and it was good. pono good. peace and love brothers and sisters, peace and love
and travis, shut yer piehole.
glad you got your pono shane!  sounds pretty good eh?
@pete......spankin' colour!
and.... @wanda...... why am i not surprised to see that mom & daughter are chiselled from the same stone......granite if i'm not mistaken! :-)
@ed......progress! winner! @mcboogie..... pinky promise on pono delivery?....... i'm standing in the playground and no one wants to play with me dos they have or nearly have their ponos! ;-)  lol @shane........ and ye shall rise up with pono (that's only your pono!) in hand!......hallalujah! i'm picturing you doing a gene kelly singin' in the rain kinda thing surrounded by the wee ponofairies (couldn't spell leprocorn without spellcheck! lol.....seriously!.....leprechaun?......not right either!......damn!.......anyway....moving on) or like seeing ursula undress?.....emerging from the ocean surf......and you saying manly...." the name's pono....shane pono".......now licensed to listen! bingo!........i've packed my car, the walther ppk with silencer, blacked out the windows and heading for the ferry at cairnryan...... just keep away from the windows.....or your pono heaven will be short lived!
thanks wanda...........it really has exceeded my expectations, and it's supposed to get better, i'm happy
@shane  it was a delight to read your reaction to your first listening to your pono.  i, too, was swept away.  it is so great! @pete  i agree that your yellow pono will be a great matching accessory.  cool car.
@pete, did you match car to pono or pono to car :-)?  nice job either way!  i think my yellow is about to ship, hope yours is too!
nice car, @pete. hope your pono arrives around the same time.
"and now for something completely different". i have this new car:   http://tinyurl.com/o77a2d7   (contract deposit paid plus half the cost covered via trade-in) ordered and on its way by sea. i think my backed yellow pono will be a great matching accessory. the car-carrier ship docks dec 5. i have the balance burning a hole in my 'toys' account, so i should have the car by dec 10. question: will a yellow pono be with me before the car or not? (hint... i am in new zealand)
peace and love @ed @o'b and our scottish muse @graeme.............ringo (irish) ;)
congratulations shane, and thanks for the great review!  i'll be checking my status every hour on the hour now. :-)
on-topic alert! i pledged for an october yellow a few days before the capaign ended.  my order # is 7399.  today my status changed from to be manufactured soon, or words to that effect, to shipping soon: i'm now also unable to change my address without submitting a ticket.  this suggests to me that the assembly line is  humming along and that things should proceed in a more orderly fashion now.  i have no problem with the late shipping as i never thought october was realistic given the number of pledges they received.
i like your new photo. i also saw your description: the irish ringo. hahaha. i'm really glad you are loving it. music sounds so fine and beautiful now. like i've never heard it before. it's amazing!
o'b i'm so happy, it's like my music listening world has gained so much potential again, it's like a fresh start. by the way i'm disgusted at some of the personal slurs cast on this forum at good people. keyboard warriors................boo!!!!!!!
ok i will start at the start.......bad, cost me 97 euro to snatch my pono from mr ups hands, bad start, cost of my pono nearer 550 dollars. irish taxes i'm told, tell me about it i reply.........anyway, the unboxing was interested but not filmed, beautifully presented in its bamboo box......i like. i have the pearl jam version, i got lightning bolt and vs as my two albums, that also made me happy. to my delight i spot harvest by the man himself loaded also, disappointed it only contained one song though (there's a world). let's get one thing straight, i'm no audiophile or any other kind of phile for that matter, just an ordinary punter who likes his music. first impression too my ears is wow, deep, soulful sound........i like. then whilst pottering around the house i had my seminal moment........animals/pearl jam, remastered.......sweet jesus it hit me like a ton of bricks, it was wonderful, beautiful, live......all them things and lots more......i headbanged on my landing (i haven't head banged since the eighties) so ordinary (non anal audiophile) you will be happy with this little magic box, it's already my friend, i see happy times ahead exploring long forgotten albums. i seen some say it's interface is clunky, it's not. it's too light, it's not.......just right. it's been worth the wait..........
it's great, isn't it, shane??? so glad you like it. you're next, @graeme!
i'm in blooooooooooddddyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy heaven, oh sweet jesus. hey tragic and cracklin get lost. this is the best forum for non anal pono/music lovers by a country mile. go find a forum to match your undoubted bubbly characters. on topic gushing review/non anal/non bullshit...........my ears!!!!! my ears!!!!!!!' i hear again, what is this sorcery......coming up
mcb....... shane emailed re his pono being in "the van for delivery" this morning.......he has obviously died and gone to heaven! lol.  you didn't get his home addess so i can nip round and pocket it! lol
oh mcboogie! :-)       you do indeed give hope! lol that's what i want a screen grab of..... not all this sh*te! lol i've obviously been "sent to coventry" however no loss as the good folk gravitate together and the ball-aches just keep chiming away. when i shuffle off here, do drop me your email as it would be good to blether minus all this useless flak......and i don't need to send screen grabs to my lawyers! i've kept away from twitter & facebook as that seems to attract the twats! lol
people have "shipping soon" in their status and they have blacks and yellows. but no one has received it yet.
@jdc?......that wee island of yours.....we sent all the convicts there.....didn't we? lol
on-topic? black, yellow?... or no one talking pono.....or talking pono to me? lol
@jdc? took me over 2 years to pursue an individual.......the financial compensation was entirely secondary however the "defender" who lost!.......received a very substantial claim for costs which they were unable to pay in full....... fortunately for them i accepted a reduced up-front sum with a further payment payable over 5 years........ it's the "gift" that keeps giving. otherwise he would have had to sell his house to pay my expenses. he's not laughing!.......and neither am i as he had the opportunity to settle matters before we went before the court but chose to gamble instead. i am not a gambling man!
legal action, lmao.
:-)
great point, @wanda l. anderson. nicely said. :-)
@fred cracklin  i see that you first posted on october 1.  many people on this board have established relationships since april when the kickstarter campaign began.  it doesn't matter whether o'boogie's accident has anything to do with pono.  this board has been about many different subject matters including pono since the beginning.  you really don't have any idea what the "intended purpose" is.  if you want to talk about things only pono, go to pono community.  there are many pono forums there.
mcboogie?........keep smiling towards the good folk :-)
your selective silence in "noted" travisstyle. it shouldn't take too long to track you down and commence proceedings legally. if you wish to provide details of your legal representatives then please post and we can move matters more speedily. i will post no further in relation to comments or legal action against you....... as it does indeed take us "off-topic". on-topic.......i assume there is no sign of black or yellow ponos being delivered. if so, holler here as that would be good news!
fred, they've manufactured the gfy limited edition. pretty sure one is headed your way. i'll post whatever i like here, and you can go sit in a corner and stew on it. bye now!
@travisstyle  i  just checked and see that you have posted 81 comments since april 3.  that's not very active.  your comment directed to me is very strange.  i don't understand what you think i said was a "great answer."  and i certainly was not talking about how "many are 'uninformed'" except for perhaps you.
if you ignore trolls they'll eventually go away. if you question their views in an unmoderated forum you an insult should be expected.  sorry to hear about your accident ob but, it has nothing to do with pono. quit making this board about yourself or anything besides it's intended purpose. anybody know what les they've manufactured so far?
@wanda l. anderson, great answer ! you're right ! too many are "uninformed" which strikes at the core of neil young's ethos here. bringing up the obvious faults with all things apple / 5% audio of the original studio recordings / is exactly why the pono players were designed, funded here & delivered !!! very astute observation & thanks & aloha !!! definitely "on topic" llp
i have not been on this board for quite some time...
@travisstyle  you said "you all should have my problems please stay on topic & try to understand this comments section is "family friendly" nice wholesome words ob ok ? :-) aloha llp"  i, personally, don't care about your problems.  they are your problems and created by you.  "family friendly"?  guess what, travis, we have used and will continue to use the "words" we choose to use.  i haven't been off this board for quite some time, so i don't know how long you have been posting in pono comments, but it must not have been very long.  you don't seem like one of "us."  my opinion is that you can go to another forum if you don't like this one.
@traviss i have taken a further screen grab of this evenings posts which are clearly addressed to you. these will lodged as evidence that you were asked to provide a clear, unequivicol retraction of your statement directed at me and choose not to do so. on a separate note i will be happy to assist o'boogie with legal services should she request,  as she has also been subjected to the same defamatory remark.
@travisstyle duh.  your opinion:  "over ear headsets designed for high resolution audio coupled with a solid cable of connection"  really?  only a totally uninformed person would consider using apple ear buds to listen to a pono or anything else high def.  i am certainly not a high tech person, and even i know that!  so you think everyone should stay on your topic.  it doesn't work that way.  get over it.
@traviss i look forward to receiving details of the rules which you mention and i will of course desist from what is clearly recorded here in writing from me as a "charitable gesture", in no way profiting or acting in any fraudulent way whatsoever. for the "legal record" o'boogie mentioned that she sadly had an accident in her vehicle with a wild animal and there was therefore no 3rd party to claim and she was left with an excess to pay towards her insurance/damage repair. i solely, motivated by my charitable spirit, posted here asking if anyone wanted to "chip in" towards said excess, the rest being clearly recorded here, including the fact that o'boogie politely refused/thanked the 4 parties involved, and she is indeed correct that neither i or anyone else has her contact/paypal details in order to send any monies charitably raised! so, i look forward to those "rules" being made available and i would certainly be willing to provide full details to kickstarter which would confirm my charitable intentions, albeit declined by o'boogie! but be assured traviss...... the day that you or anyone else prevents me from being charitable will never come! likewise the day that you think you can make a defamatory remark directed at me and walk away legally unscathed will never come! defamatory remarks, and in this case a clear lie are a whole world away from "banter" on this or any forum. my statement remains the same...... you may retract the remark clearly and unequivocally and thus end matters and we all move on or i will take legal action to ensure my personal integrity, reputation & character remain above reproach.
still waiting for an apology. meanwhile, i'll talk about whatever i want.
the base is absent when listening via the apple ear buds / best listening - my opinion - are over ear headsets designed for high resolution audio coupled with a solid cable of connection /  please stay on topic ! llp
@traviss i'll assume in the absence of a clear retraction of the "offending phrase", whether it appeared deliberately, mistakenly or by some virus (which you will be able to prove when legally challenged), that your post recorded here and now held by my legal representatives remains defamatory towards me. just so i am absolutely clear and it is recorded here in your written words..... you wish to offer no clear, unequivocal apology for the phrase "paypal con" which appeared in your post?
i have never, ever solicited funds on here. ever. the guys have joked around about it, but they don't know my email or paypal address, and i would never give it to them to take money or for any other reason. so get a grip. you are being an arsehole and a jerk.
on topic / the new pono player is changing files when carried in the pocket ! pono should add a new feature to lock the screen when walking. jsyk: freedom to play by the rules is the only privilege we have here on this comments page. breaking this trust is anarchy. seeking private donations in any form here is breaking a rule. spamming this comments section with off topic blather is breaking a rule. ps: this ipad had (os patch loaded yesterday) a software problem with the asian virus (spell correct / unknown aspects were not working) we all know once a post is loaded onto the kickstarter comments section - that post can not be corrected if spelled wrong. you all should have my problems please stay on topic & try to understand this comments section is "family friendly" nice wholesome words ob ok ? :-) aloha llp
so you think his badly written nonsense was better than football scores? no. just no. he's defaming me, which is not ok.
at least what travis said was on topic. sure it was farfetched, but it beats reading those out of place sporting events updates. how's the battery life been on the player? and how much does it vary between earbuds and overears?
my pleasure, o'boogie.
@wanda l. anderson,  thanks, mom. :-)
@o'boogie @the glasgow k*ss perhaps travisstyle was inebriated?  regardless, he must have some serious issues.  surely no sober, sane person would spew the untruths that he spewed.  but being inebriated is no excuse as far as i'm concerned.  i note that he has not posted since you assured him that you will take legal action if necessary.  perhaps he came to his senses?  it will be interesting to see.  btw, o'boogie's is definitely behind her avatar.  she definitely is not a shill or con.  but anyone who has been on this board for the last few months most certainly knows that!
first we take manhattan then we take la...... can't remember who?...... without googling mcboogie?
i should hope so. i find it patently offensive.
hallo mcboogie :-) we will assume that traviss made his remark in haste/error and will take the opportunity to retract it swiftly!
i'll tell you who is behind this avatar. me. how dare you suggest i'm some shill or con. you miserable git.
travis? i have copied this link to my international colleagues and if you are indeed in manhattan, new york then they are geographically very convenient to proceed on my behalf. shame that it turns legal however defamation can be an expensive business, however it's there to ensure people can't just spray untruths unchecked.
woah travis..... settle down! paypal thing re mcb was started by me! so, let's just clarify your wording in your last post.... the phrase including "paypal con"? now, lawyer & solicitor mean the same thing in your country as mine, yes or no? slander?..... look that one up! i have taken a screen grab of your post and passed it to my colleagues..... figure out where i work.... i hope i can take a screen grab with a retraction of that wording that you used on an open forum on the workd wide web which insinuated that i was involved in some sort of "con". if not...... you let me know who will legally represent you as no one gets to spray defamatory remarks about me! be assured that i am indeed a man of my word. consider carefully how you wish to proceed.
o,b00, got sidetracked planning the pig hunt over here next week ! kaua pig is your mainland turkey / the pono player unboxing notes here are birdied under the selfie paypal con you dolts are running here / no one really knows who is behind the ob avatar (could be six dudes in some sf dive twerking the night away or seething worse (just not here ok) people have a right to post questions / give suggestions / ask why the new triangle pono player butt changes the tunes from my pocket / back / side & belt ? & no ob no paypal 4you !!! llp
well, that's a big fat load of crazy if i've ever read one. where the hell do you come up with this stuff? baffling display of paranoia and nuttiness in one small comment. amazing handiwork.
@creator, using your monitors to flood honest comments from loyal backers of your pono player unboxing & delivery perks & problems / ranks as one of the saddest most cowardly acts of any creator in all of kickstarter history (and your laughing ?) amazing disregard for anyone supporting your efforts ... stunning us of donor funds to buy pr departments to spin your failures / life has a way of teaching us all / thank you for the lesson in ethos neil ! you are head of this snake right ?
@stickler, another great post. very well said. the fact that he posted that link here without comment means he's looking for clicks and nothing else. it would be one thing of it was 1) well-written or 2) as actual review, but it is neither of those things. anyway. back to ponoland. listening to joni's hejira.
@ stickler. i'm with you on that one. "all we are saying is give pono ( & peace) a chance!'
@frank berryman, do you understand the concept of beta?  the ponomusic store is in beta mode.  for example, if you search for harvest by neil young, you'll find the 16/44 version.  i am playing the 24/192 version from ponomusic as i type.  the beta version of the store looks like it was loaded with music from omnifone, not updated with the new versions.  updating the store with higher resolution versions may take time, i will happily give ponomusic that time.  what saddens me is that you will happily cut and paste a press release from an established company like denon into your site without any comment whatsoever yet you feel the need to savage a start-up company like ponomusic on the basis of a beta version of a store.  can you grasp why i would find that behaviour shocking?  on the basis of what they have achieved so far, neil young and ponomusic deserve our praise and faith, not poorly thought out criticism and negativity.
2 hour window of tgk free pono chat?...... and the kickers aren't in the bar?...... it's a strange world we occupy?...... bar busy?.......they want in?......bar empty?......uhuh.......huddled in a corner moaning to themselves......and the song plays on.....dum dee dum dee dum...... some folk moan about life.....others get on and live it....i'll live it! on-topic....i'm expecting 2 ponos so that's gets me entry to the pono only bar :-)
...touching lyrics :-)
@sticker i didn't review the ponoplayer.  there are dozens, if not hundreds, of reviews of it already out there, both written and on youtube, all of which, to my knowledge, are positive, if not ecstatic. as i said in my previous post, i think once gapless playback is enabled, the ponoplayer will be an excellent portable audio player, especially for the price. the ponomusicworld software has not met with universal acclaim.  it is well known that jriver media center, upon which it based, is the most comprehensive, and also the most complicated, digital music management software available, which explains the difficulties some backers are experiencing.  it has a steep learning curve. i am sure the pono team will work out the pono specific bugs in it in due course, but it will never be easy to use. i don't use jriver media center myself (i use itunes for file management and audirvana plus for playback, including dsd playback); however,i don't fault the pono team for choosing it. my criticism is with the ponomusic store.  substantially all of the content is cd quality, the same quality which existed in october 1982 when cds were rolled out.  that was 32 years ago.  that is the same quality that neil young has been railing against for decades. why is neil young selling cd quality music? is that pono? the whole pono movement is based on high resolution music.  we are not going to rediscover the soul of the music with cds - at least that is what we have been told. and what little high resolution music the ponomusic store contains, with the exception of perhaps a couple of titles, is already available, and has been for some time, from other sources, in many cases at lower prices?  what does the ponomusic store bring to the table? i am well aware of other sources of high resolution music.  i have been buying it since 2008.  if you want to know if an album is available in high resolution, a pretty good place to start is the website www.findhdmusic.com. if available, it will direct you to sites which have the album for download so you can compare prices. are you planning on buying any music in the ponomusic store? i apologize in advance for any typos in this post.  i can't go back and make corrections thank you for pointing out the typo on my website.  i have corrected it.
let the pono kickstarter forum or corum commence! can't wait to read up tomorrow.
mc night begorray
and shane....mcnight with no x's for you..... you will be relieved to hear! lol
mcboogie? mcnight! x
the fund or your bollocks however the insurance company won't accept them.....although keeping on-topic i believe yours are pono sized & shaped? wow! impressive!!.......but yellow?......best see a doctor! lol lol
typing and guinness is hazardous, i must create an app that compensates
alert alert alert! off-topic! yeah.....whatever! :-)
the fund is guaranteed, my word and all that celtic stuff we understand my celtic cousin. my word is my bond.................onward, to the english (complete joke before ye all come thundering down on me)
put the guiness down shane!
my email is rsofun@aol.com shane...... sorry it's a positive sounding one and not pono related......but there you go! pop your email to me for the "dear oh deer" fund. cheers dears!
man their is so many spelling errors in that post i'm taking my ipad to one side for a stern talking to
nice one shane... i can count on you for the fund tho? ponotastic timing for tour delivery....... savour the moment..... post a review when you get a chance.....it will be a less interesting forum without you....some folk just rumble thru life and it passes them by as i see on here sadly....good to live it shane delmonte.....the man from montenegro :-) top of the morning to you tomorrow!
interesting point raising by your meanderings mr kiss, did we all subscribe because we like young, or did we subscribe because of the concept? fo me it was a love of mr yours works, saying that i also got the concept being a child of the 70s
it was too well written to be you. hahaha. :-)
.....and you know it's not me mcboogie because there are no ???? in the posting lol
mcboogie? remember this.... "today i will drive this car according to the system of car control, each feature of which is considered by me, the driver, prior to the approach to any hazard....." .....and the hazard in your case could be a ? lol oh.....and on topic...... you have received your pono so you can confirm to all these souls posting that do not have theirs yet that it is indeed worth waiting for? is it also true in relation to the pono delivery schedule that members of the pono illuminati, rumoured to be yourself, shane and myself receive preferential delivery ahead of others?.......noting that you have yours, shane receives his tomorrow and there is a message on my answering machine from a mr neil young, which i haven't played yet?
i'm tired. i'm going to lay back and listen to my pono for a bit now that i can sign off from work. john r. cash singing "i still miss someone" sounds about right.  take care, you guys.
love this forum, pity it's probably my last night posting................eh mr (illuminati) kiss. all jokes aside, i can't wait for my new arrival. i'm heading to montenegro on wednesday, three flights from ireland.......i'm seriously looking forward to dropping the food tray and producing my perfectly sculpted pono. vmoda headphones for now, i like them though, there unobtrusive and fit well
@graeme, i know it's not you.
@demitrim  noted. i will post a review of my black pono when it arrives......please hold your breath.
and it's not me mcboogie as i've never met mr berryman.
@stickler,  thanks for pointing all that out. made me laugh. :-) i'm nearly finished with my workday now. even working from home on various and sundry medications, lack of work has made this a long old day.
mcboogie :-)  very encouraging to see the pono bar so busy so perhaps some of these kind souls will find it in their pono hearts to contribute to the "fund". no comment required from you for obvious reasons :-) i'll be interested to see tomorrow whether there is indeed that warm pono feeling. .....and shane?....... enjoy the big delivery!......just keep checking over your shoulder! lol
i'm waiting for an october pono in black. i'm only impatient because i've recently received a set of iem's from another project on kickstarter for the aurisonics rockets. they make the flac files on my phone sound amazing when i use them at the gym, so i can only imagine how the pono will make them sound.
before anyone asks, that is not me using a different name. but he's right, you know.
@frank berryman, your site confuses me.  if anyone clicks on your, "pono review" bs, they can read your opinion with barely any product review to mention.  contrast that with the main feature on your home page where a denon press release is reproduced in full with your contribution being a header with denon misspelt as, "dennon".  clearly accuracy is not the key feature of your scribbling (or cut and paste) mr. berryman.  ultra high-end?  maybe not!
look forward to hearing about it.
off pono topic......but perhaps relevant for some......core speaker? indiegogo.......did anyone back? looks a very interesting product......i bought 2....... will post a review of course when received.
this is the only pono forum i would ever consider posting in or asking for pono advice, i find the others too stuffy and full of philes.........audiophiles that is. this forum makes me smile, it is what it is, and i like it. peace and love and anticipation
forgive me demitrim?.......you are posting in this rolling forum......thus proving no one person......even mr glasgow k*ss runs this or any forum. keeping on topic.....what have you ordered, when is it due?.....or do you have it?
that's a very relevant point mcboogie..... the most useful pono information is to be found on the ponomusic.force forum..... as pono themselves have stated, they feed their information there :-) i'm pleased to see this bar so crowded, just worried that it's. pono only bar ;-)...... i hope it doesn't discriminate against non ponos. nice one shane...... but will you see the morning?.....will you hear the footsteps?...... i trust your pono will has been made? what's that noise outside!
.........listen for the footsteps shane...... is it the pono postman or ?.....your last breath? on-topic of course, what pantone reference/shade is the yellow pono, thanks.
there are* (damn. i hate typos.)
very premature given the store is still in beta. and their are numerous resources for high-res music, as you say, @james. that said, i'm not sure anyone reads frank's blog except for frank. i could be mistaken, but call it a hunch.
frank's criticisms are a tad premature. no info on the actual device, just mindless conjecture. any way the pono music store is not the only source out there. look around frank, i'm sure you'll find something, in the meantime enjoy your new toy.
here's something to look forward to for the brits and germans. http://techcrunch.com/2014/11/20/technics-revived-as-high-res-music-download-service/
fell even
jeez i feel for that, probably should have read the review first. schoolboy error.........
i agree frank, and no pono uk store until 2015. i'm reading though that it also enhances other formats. i hope this is the case
oh, look, everyone! frank has posted a link to his own website and review! deep joy.
if you don't mind the size and shape, once gapless playback is enabled, the ponoplayer will be an excellent  dedicated portable audio player.  charlie hanson at ayre did a nice job with it. the ponoplayer is certainly visually distinctive, and i am sure backers will feel a real sense of pride of ownership having it.. the ponomusic store, however, is another story altogether.  it is a huge disappointment.  where is all the high resolution music? without it, pono backers simply won't be able to take advantage of the ponoplayer's high resolution capabilities. substantially all of the music in the ponomusic store is cd quality.  and the nearly 2.5 million cd quality tracks are not going to be magically replaced with high resolution versions when the ponomusic store comes out of beta in a couple of weeks. pono is a promise unfulfilled. http://www.ultrahighendreview.com/pono-music-players-now-shipping-and-already-irrelevant/
i haven't seen relevant or useful info here in a long time. that's why the creators made ponomusic.force.com. that's where all of the detailed conversations take place in organized (but somewhere confusing) groups. it isn't ideal, but it is where they want things to happen now. they will occasionally send out kickstarter updates, but you will not see much more info here. i'm sorry you are not a fan of the chat here, but it has been like this since day one. there have always been off-topic conversations and side discussions. sometimes they go offline and live elsewhere and become something else and sometimes they don't. take care, @demitri. i appreciate your kind and respectful tone.
update 23 has a good explanation tw. your right demitri, peace man, peace and love
ms. boogie. from time to time actual backers will post useful information, reviews and such. but the conversations of a few have taken over all together. i'm not dumb enough to expect my words to change anything. maybe this is something that hasn't been considered, so i figured i'd speak my peace.
@shane, thanks
5 ohms was the last i heard tw
the live, active place for current pono news is ponomusic.force.com. you can take it or leave it, but you guys are just going to have to get over this complaining shiz. the creator doesn't post news in the comment section anymore, so you are looking for something that will never appear.
the impedance that is?
on topic!!!! before that car comes. hey big don, i pledged for a pearl jam limited edition and ups tells me it's arriving tomorrow, i'm giddy with excitement and will post an on topic review over the weekend...........if i'm still here
can anyone tell me what the output level of the pono player is?
don is right though. of course people have the freedom to post whatever they want, but i also look to the comments section on kickstarter projects for info on said project. the forum on the pono force site is a mess, and can be difficult to navigate. with this constant banter washing out any useful information here, this comments section is completely useless to me as well now.
hahaha. good times. i'm working from home this afternoon. but i'm more bored than usual. also? everything shane said is true.
cant beat a good conspiracy theory, lads i confess..........myself and o boogie are only the play things of mr kiss..........he indeed tells us to block up this forum with good humour and fun, that way we deflect from the rather serious topic of the missing ponos. mr kiss i'm afraid to say is in fact the leader of the.............wait for it............illuminati. that's one less poster on this rather serious pono forum, i'm waiting for the black car to pull up outside now i have outed the glasgow kiss.........good bye world, i leave my pono to my family, if it ever arrives........hey maybe pono is a big conspiracy too..........
ok, i'll add to the on-topic discussion for the benefit of don et al.  i pledged for a nyle on day 1, did some math in my checkbook a couple weeks later, dropped out (i know, i know),  could hear the heart of pono beating underneath my floor every night so pledged for a yellow about a week later, more math, dropped out again, more heartbeats under the floor, snagged a wayward oct yellow about 3 days before the end and stuck to it.  glad i did.  you should see me try to decide what shirt to wear in the morning....oh dang, that was off-topic!  sorry graeme!  :-)
warning! off-topic alert! @jdc...... careful there.....not on topic......pono talk only!
seems you got it just fine, well done. thanks for listening.
that's interesting mcboogie?........ now where does this on-topic thread go next? i'll kick back for an hour or so and pop back and see how this thread is developing. bearing in mind i'm not in here for around 12 hours and i miss all these on-topic posts? i can't wait? whisper to mcboogie...... i can't wait to see what all these waiting to pono post are going to say......now the bar is empty?
i have my csny pono, and now i'm waiting on a willie nelson pono and a yellow pono i ordered for a mate.
on topic alert! incoming........ i have pledged for 2 ponos, 1 black, 1 yellow......both october?.......not received yet? i will have spent over 1000 dollars with shipping and taxes........don't know if that includes any off-topic priveleges? what will i talk about meantime!?
mcboogie?.......can you see across the bar......those guys in the corner.....what are they talking bout? shane?.....you walking the dogs whilst drinking guiness again.....tell me about your pono?.....we need to get on topic!
but officer......you meant "w h i s t l i n g" didn't you? not "whis ting"?
..........oops......there's a guy in the corner.......whistling? ahem?........xcuse me sir......"no whisting" .......oh, sorry officer.
don't sit back. you guys make me laugh. just ignore the haters. they are just ponoless and frustrated. bless them.
oops.......poor souls!
moving on.......i'll kick back and wait for all these interesting posts.......those pour souls that need the empty bar to walk in to!
ok.....kicking kickstarters.......lalalalalalala........ get it :-) i'll not read yours or censor yours and you ignore mine! when you've crashed you car, fallen in the street, need directions, struggling in the ocean waves......whatever......i'll walk on by!
@jdc.....? i'm just struggling to get this?!........so.....we're all in a bar......say.....talkin' football, then someone wants to talk about something else?.......woah......no you can't?........or say we split into groups in the bar......talkin' bout different things.......woah!.....no you can't? i'm biting my tongue here! post whatever you want and like minded souls will pitch in and the thread continues or do you need me to hold the thread for you!? you're kidding....aren't you! i pledged for 2 ponos.....i haven't got them.....i'm chillin' chattin' bout pono and other things! post what you like.......the thread meanders?......you follow the thread you like!......i'll follow mine! geez.........? this is kickstarter!
i think your on to something don. shut down all criticism, reviews, questions, concerns and  backers will just give up and make like a mushroom. sitting in the dark, covered in shit.
way, not why
@siltech! oh noes! sorry! he knows i appreciate him! we go why back. hahaha! jdc. you know this makes us do this more and more and more. like throwing gasoline on a fire.
@don you could check for updates, etc, on  the pono forum.
thanks don, too true. this forum is for pono stop hijacking the thread graeme. it has become tiresome.
mcboogie?...... quick.....undo that invisible font mode as @siltech isn't showing on your previous post! lol siltech is the bambi buyer! lol
don? i'll control my response as you have with your comment......sorry you feel that way however it is an open forum and a rolling forum where posts can be posted in rolling style.....dip in and you'll get a response from like minded folk....... or do you feel this small crowd is too big for you?......i don't think so? post away don......ignore mine and the others you don't like.......no problem. but we all have a right to be here posting whatever......or do i and others conform to your requirements/views? thing is you can post what you like......and you have...... so pitch in with your posts.....i won't comment on them further. the glasgow k*ss isn't coming out to play.
nice work mr ed by the way, i like your style
ha dum, chill out man. we are only filling in the long tedious pono silences whilst we wait patiently for our ponos. peace and love
it's nice that to contrast with the friendly and kind @graeme, @shane, and @ed, there are still loads of arseholes around. god forbid the world seem like an entirely friendly and kind-hearted place for a minute or two.
you guys are so kind. thanks, ed. @don, go to ponomusic.force.com for the latest updates. and get a sense of humor. please. if you haven't already? read update 50 for the latest on your pono. you'll get it.
hide quick.............
welcome aboard edgregory......a very welcome gesture and made in good spirit.....cheers indeed! ed adds 40$ making 220$ so we are under 300$ to go.....to be precise 280$! the 3 becomes 4 and the "dear oh deer" fund rolls on! nice one!
"deer" o'....or mc'...boogie, i very seldom post, but i do stop by both here and the pono site daily to check for updates, see if there are any new user reviews of pono, post what i'm listening to on one or more of your threads, etc., while i semi-patiently wait for my october yellow to arrive (not manufactured yet).  i enjoy your posts, your sense of humor, and your unmatched skills as a troll-slayer lol.  i would therefore consider it an honor to contribute a few "bucks" to the o'boogie transportation relief fund; i'll match shane and graeme so put me down for $40.  i'll be looking for instructions on how to get the funds to you.  good luck, and i hope that sinus infection is getting better!
for all who think this comments thread has been ruined, you need to file complaints with kickstarter. many backers have politely asked these people to take their private conversations to another forum. they could easily sponsor a "lonely heart's club" group on ponomusic's section of the salesforce site, but they know that. this off-topic chatter is offensive and it appears to be pono's intention to make this thread so unbearable to read that backers with legitimate interests and concerns will just go away. most people have lives and can't spend hours scrolling through completely meaningless posts. some of these people make no secret of trying to drive people away from kickstarter, and they even say so in their posts. . according to the numbers posted at the top of the column on the right side of this page, there are 18,220 backers, yet this thread has been taken over by a few people who have no qualms with being really rude and inconsiderate to many thousands of others. . until i receive my promised reward as a kickstarer backer, i have the need and a right to monitor this thread. these people are deliberately interfering with my rights as a kickstarter backer.
........ hang on?....... is that traviss packing up his skies and heading for the car park?
just checking......you may be suffering from concussion mcb :-) howz you today? recovered from your deer dancin' ? howz the pono doing....... what's sounding special?
mr. ponolytical, of course!
...mcboogie...... our rants/ramblings or mr ponolytical? :-)
well shane & siltech...... these loch ness monster pebbles are going to be much, much rarer than a pono...... although no usb or phono ports etc..... but they will last millions of years!
i can't even follow those "rants" or whatever the hell they are. it's just gobbledegook.
ponolytical? ...... you're on fire early shane :-)
you guys are so, so funny. hahaha. :-)
god tragic is in bad form isn't he, bad and all his form was he still managed to produce a piece of ponolytical analyses. hats off to tragic, but no bambi contribution.........quite frankly tragic we don't need your non kick starting types around here
....... and gliding in from the powder siltech in a sparkling pono tribute ski suit! lol
mcb....   i'm pleased to update your "dear oh deer" fund remains supported by the 3 stooges to the tune of 160$! hoooooraaaah! sitech...... buying the departed bambi at 100$ shane k 20$ plus a loch ness pebble pledge of another 20$ = 40$ glasgow k*ss 20$ plus a shane k matching 20$ = another 40$ so...... our new total is 180$ leaving 320$ to find? sadly it seems you have upset everyone else or i have or we all have and there are no other pledges to report...... seems we may have to either write a charity song to raise money or fill the forum with sh@te until a further 320$ is forthcoming? the loch ness pebble pledge remains on offer....what more can i say! ......a chance to pledge for a pebble from loch ness beach that may have been sat on by the loch ness monster him or herself! ........ surely other pono folk have a pono heart?...... or just want me to stop posting!..... in which case......."show me the money!"
big time
..... and welcome to the ski slopes ms mcboogie! :-)
bah humbug traviss... is it not enough that you mention hawaii?... that being reason enough to edge you off the page! lol i think you'll find the kickstarter rules say if any of those on the forum have not received their pledge they are permittedto go off topic! so..... as i have no ponos yet i am off piste talking piste! lol but your post was interesting and has achieved a score of 7 on the pono scale! hoooooo haaaaaaah said mr pacino with no pono!
@ts bla bla bla
same here
all that makes me want to do is post more. so good job! hahaha. that's what being jerky gets you — more blather from yours truly!
@keeping on topic here / trying to wade through all the ob/bs  - repost of pono comments (pushed off the page by the usual suspects) all off topic ob & siltech blather is best served elsewhere / just saying - two (2) pono players arrived here in hawaii today (safe & aloha) four (4) more to go... first impression question... does it work ? yes it works ! all the music you promised is either in the player or on the card / easy :-) i now hear it ... believe the pono player is delivering the very same or better high quality audio sound comparable to the original vinyl records of the day. ny&crazy horse actually brought up memories of where i was when first heard cowgirl :-) put me right back in the room again ! very cool ... everyone else who is posting their own unboxing of the pono player has done a fine job of reviewing the tech / software / etc. so no need for more of the same - it delivers !!! kickstarter did what it was made to do here - thank you kickstarter ! however ... something has begun here on this comment page that was unexpected ... the pono player funding also launched a cadre of music lovers to find each other (who knew?) pono music has - my opinion - failed to fully understand or support the new "bulwark of music lovers" forming here ! i look around and see facebook & twitter & all things social media but where save here is a truly dedicated group of "social music media?" don't miss out on this neil young ! you spoke of the ecosystem & you got a social music system startup as well !!! please (build the better forum neil) the one on ponopeople or ponomusic serves everyone best because the (fans) don't cheat them now with the garbage forum on the farce ! your fans want this to continue with a true forum so - trash that freak of orical !!! pull the plug ! build the best (build it like a buick) "true one and only social music site on the web today ! you have been handed the brass ring here neil young / make it for your fans make it happen !!! the forum over at the farce.com is a freaking joke !!! even you can't defend it / so how can we push pono music to open the social music site ? easy peasy (1) back to kickstarter: pono social music fundraiser - pledges support programming etc ! (2) offer free downloads of our lovely hra albums on pono music store for our pledges ! (3) no bs this time / relate to us / give us beta access / show us "white paper" design options / request our opinion / build it in user friendly format / offer us early backers advertisement free vanity urls / allow us unlimited upload - download locker cloud access / give us referral rights to share our tunes via bittorrent style databases controlled by the newly created social music site-open the gates ! (4) dump the farce orical !!!! / llp
any news on the australian orders? thanks..i know we are in the cardboard zone here..sf
hey mac kiss and @marc if haven't deserted ye, i somehow crashed the kickstarted irish site with my ecstasy this morning. i'm taking number 9 on that list by the way mac kiss. my little pono is a pearl jam le and it was a late october early november promise. my contact details slowed it down i am informed by the pono fairies. is it 20 dollars a tossed stone mac kiss........i will take two please. mr stil sure is after bambi, my hats off to that fine offer sir. hey o b!! edws is quite expensive
oh.... and mcboogie?..... we are not pushing you at all, just giving a helping hand :-)  obviously we can't help bambi as you saw to that! your new spectacles and edws will have to be paid by you! lol e arly d eer w arning s ystem!
oops! 360$ to go!
@mcboogie.... you shouldn't decline a willing gift which is what is being offered :-) obviously siltech thinks he is buying the now departed bambi! so, 140$ pledged and 340$ to go? no matter if that is it ftom the 3 stooges mcb...... the offer stands and then you've only got 360$ to find! i'm sure you can't have offended almost everyone on here?!  i'll offer a reward for each pledge made to the mcboogie "dear oh deer" fund, list your name with your pledge and i will select a pebble from the shores of the world famous loch ness and write your name on it and photo it on the shore or if you want to cover the postage i will select a pebble and post to you! that's a fine offer and i will be passing loch ness before the end of this year so i will select the pebbles and fulfill your pledge by end january 2015. limited pledge only, when we hit 500$ the campaign ends..... so get in early! that pebble could have been sat on by the loch ness monster!
@shane..... clearly me tossing the caber worked for you so time for you to return the favour..... follow this link and select/perform one that will bring me my pono! lol what pledge was yours, le, black, yellow, what date? http://www.irishcentral.com/roots/the-magic-of-irish-witches-and-druids-top-ten-ancient-irish-charms-and-spells-128912303-237762261.html
@shane kennedy ireland is not in the restricting country.. yours must be dec pledge? :)
@marc ireland
@shane kennedy good for you. wish i got mail too soon~~ you're from which country?
oh sweet jesus.............i got the mail. my pono is on its way :) (o b, i use the word insult lightly, if we can help you could let us, it's no big deal)
your kindness, you guys? it has improved my rather crap week immeasurably. thanks, @graeme, @shane, and @siltech. honestly. so incredibly sweet.
you guys, i didn't come here looking for money toward my excess. i also don't want to insult anyone, either. you guys are so very kind. i'm just in awe of your kindness. i really am. so touched. @siltech, you can't do that, mate. that is so sweet. x
i'm in for $100.00
i'm stuttering again........
mrs o b please don't insult us by refusing...... inspire us. we can do this........nite
mrs o b please don't insult us by refusing...... inspire us. we can do this........nite
quality control always my priority for sure. glass half full......peace and love to one and all
seriously, guys. i can't let you do that. but it is very, very sweet indeed. have a great night.
....and finally shane......the 2nd pint of guiness was just to make sure the first pint was of the correct quality?...... you need the comparison test between pint numbers 1 & 2? makes sense to me.....professsor shane.....always prepared to sacrifice his own personal time to carry out real world tests!........that'll be the scottish blarney to match the irish blarney! ho ho hoooooooo ;-) @travis is working on something there and it may indeed have legs in some areas.
shane, i'm thinking an empty pint of guiness glass must hold 500$ so that's 60s in the glass now......let's hook back up 24 hours from now and see if the glass is half full, half empty or full! positive pono thinking! cheers dears & deers for the mcboogie fund! mcboogie?.......get those paypal details ready as you've got 60$ coming......and counting! santa is indeed coming to town! nite all :-)
@alexander adema, ok ! so how can we push pono music to open the social music site ? easy peasy (1) back to kickstarter: pono social music fundraiser - pledges support programming etc ! (2) offer free downloads of our lovely hra albums on pono music store for our pledges ! (3) no bs this time / relate to us / give us beta access / show us "white paper" design options / request our opinion / build it in user friendly format / offer us early backers advertisement free vanity urls / allow us unlimited upload - download locker cloud access / give us referral rights to share our tunes via bittorrent style databases controlled by the newly created social music site-open the gates ! (4) dump the farce orical !!!! / llp
hey mr kiss, sweet dreams my celtic cousin. yes i said ponoromance, kinda like the ring (no pun intended) to it. whilst you were being totally egyptian in your big old ass milk i was being totally irish by treating myself to two scrumptious pints of guinness. whilst walking the dogs i decided i deserved it. now mr sil is backing the mrs o b car restoration fund our grand total stands at $60........
i checked in before bed so....nice one siltech 500$ minus 3 pledges of 20$ leaves the mcboogie "dear oh dear, i've just hit a deer" fund with 440$ to find..... bedtime in uk so the baton passes to those for and against! lol keep mcboogie smiling with a "little help from her pono friends"..... yip.....see that.....the beatles reference? lol
i'm in
you guys are so funny.  have a good night, fellas.
must go as early start tomorrow so keep up the fundraising shane!......irish blarney goes a long way!
shane?......i trust you said ponoromance and not pornoromance! lol lol
aaaaawww.....shucks shane......i missed your lovely comment! lol i was just about to pop into my bath of asses milk! .....like the egyptians! lol and you and i may yet have a bromance! lol
nice one shane....2 x 20$ is 40$ mcboogie......so we are now looking for 460 instead of 500! for the mcboogie fans chip in 20$....... for those that support the deer instead of mcboogie chip in as well...... surely we can hit 500$ to help the mcboogie lady when we found over 6,000,000 dollars! roll up....roll up.......have a wee look in your pono pockets for a few $......pledges please.
my phone has a stutter, i must apologize. i'm pledging $20 bucks for mrs o b. it's cheap considering the smile i get every morning from the blossoming ponoromance with mr kiss. find a way.   ......peace and love
god not much peace and love between you and mr deer. on the plus side, your alive, you have graeme (mr kiss) and a pono to soothe your shattered nerves. peace and love (i'm off to walk the muts)
god not much peace and love between you and mr deer. on the plus side, your alive, you have graeme (mr kiss) and a pono to soothe your shattered nerves. peace and love (i'm off to walk the muts)
@graeme, thanks. i'll try. x
see how things go but the offer is there mcboogie? i'm heading off as bath & bed beckons....... tomorrow will be a better day mcb :-) keep smiling!
someone did pick them both up and had venison for a week or two, i'm sure. all thanks to my car being a deer magnet!
smart thinkers pick up the deer and sell it to a butchers!......that's what happened with both deer that i hit!.........however i wasn't smart thinking enough on the subject of deer to think about doing that!
your call.......the offer is made...... find a way! those that you've offended can go with 1$ as an insult and those that like you can chip in more!
hahahaha. wow. you are very, very kind indeed!
obviously bonnet,  bikini and wooly hat optional! lol seriously, find a way......it's not charity, it's just helping out a bit......and if a scotsman can find 20$ .....there must be others! lol
you're very kind, @graeme. and i'm pretty sure i've annoyed/offended most people here at some point. hahaha. :-)
oops, 10 folk contributing 20us$ each equals 200$!
well 10 folk on here is 200us$ so find a way and i'll contribute!........you can't have offended everyone.....like me! lol go on!.......get a way of contributing, post pic of your car, sad face and possible pono for sale........some of us souls on here will give in and chip in to help towards?
you can do dented car, the repaired car and that's your campaign competed with a photo of your posing on your bonnet holding your pono........and a new pair of spectacles so you have a chance of avoiding another deer!
my excess is $500. :-( i am in the u.s. and you're welcome for the loan. and thanks for contributing to my imaginary deductible kickstarter. :-)
do a kickstarter campaign for pledges towards your insurance thing and i'll chip in for you?
and thank you for the pono loan offer mcboogie x
mcboogie?......clearly marriage is in the air as we have too many coincidences!.......as i took out 1 deer over the bonnet, windscreen, bounced on the roof and landed on the boot!..... deer dead, car dead! ......then another deer 1 year later, front of car plus bonnet, dead deer, wounded car! it's the shock of hitting flesh n' bone and when you get out the car and the deer is breathing it's last...... very sad.....but shocking for you with the sound & feel of it......then the whole hassle and cost thing. i claimed my insurance and my excess was £150uk....... how does it work there......are you in us?
god not much peace and love between you and mr deer. on the plus side, your alive, you have graeme (mr kiss) and a pono to soothe your shattered nerves. peace and love (i'm off to walk the muts)
i'm thinking that phrase may not fit in the box! lol
you're getting nearer shane......i would swap a small haggis for my order status to say something different! and before anyone chips in with suggestions! lol.  ...yeah "f*ck off & stop moaning ya b*stard!"
a deer ran into my car, @graeme. i'm ok, other than hella depressed about coming up with money for my deductible. might should sell my pono, but i just can't. i won't do it. it's the second time it has happened on the very same stretch of road in almost the identical spot. :-( shane aka ringo, i knew it. ;-)
busted.........peace and love o'boogie (i'm the irish version)
hallo :-) mcboogie!......i'm reading 4000us$, car, airport and jackass..... am i to assume you were fleeing the country?....... drove in your car to the airport with 4000us$ hidden in a jackass and were detained before leaving the country?...... you could offer your pono as bail? ........or am i the jackass! lol sorry, thought some light humour may help.......what happened to your car?......obviously you are okay?
shane ... are you ringo starr? he always says "peace and love" at the end of everything. i hope you get yours soon, you guys. i'd loan you mine if you weren't both so far away.
mr kiss i feel they are one and the same. mine has an extra sea to cross as well
hey shane.....i'll swap my "order submitted" for your "processed awaiting shipment!" lol
i'm getting disillusioned with my "processed awaiting shipment" status. i can just imagine my little pono jumping up and down going "me, me, me" only for the ups man to ignore him again. so i'm ponoless still here in the emerald isle, peace and love folks, peace and love
@doug, thanks. learning about the damage to my car being $4,000 has made my day considerably less wonderful. but all of the issues i currently have are very much first- world problems. i feel like a jackass complaining. i found my b&w in the pocket of my coat i was wearing at the airport, so that's good news. i'd still like a new pair of iems, though. not sure which.
pono is doing much better with info. update 50 is great. someone else has started a pono forum. think it is called ponodb. hope o'boogie has a better day today. do you like the new iems? thinking about the ks 1964 earphones. it has become impossible to connect to this site with my kindel. something about a poodle attack.
francis dunnery rules!!!
travisstyle makes a good point. music lovers have flocked to this and want to get social, yet all that's there is this kickstarter comment list and the horrible farce board. a good social media platform would be awesome and would strengthen the pono community. the way it is now, the social platform that comes with it is just not inviting to stick around and talk music. on the other hand, getting the players produced and shipping is first priority of course.
i use beyerdynamic 770 which are closed over ear and contain/stiffle the soundstage, will get open ear to feel the difference altho i really play most thru my hifi gear as i have large dedicated room that i can let things rip!...... only the cows & sheep outside to trouble with any noise escaping!
@traviss...... i do love my vinyl tho'..... just the depth and warmth!...... i bought a michel focus one turntable over 25 years ago and it's still cranking the lp's around..... it's the album cover, slipping the record out the sleeve, on the turntable, placing the needle and then the speakers start singing out! ..... it's the theatre that an ipod can't give!..... however kinda hard to pack all that gear in my pocket for listening! lol
@k*ss, you will get your player ! look for a great pair of over-ear cans / rip the best tunes & get ready to hear vinyl again without the pops & skips :-) the player is very cool !!! kinda retro (gets a bit warm but not hot) we should have been assigned our own facebook style page url where all of us could see each other's ideas about our music history (call it musicbook) or ponobook - tapping into this funky forum farce is not the future here (worth the days a wondering where it is & when will i get to hear it) aloha
@travis..... ditto on various points however it is still a business and clearly has growing pains!.... time should? bring the realignment of the things that don't fit now..... main thing is ponos out there to folks and clean system for ordering hd tracks..... other than that i don't know yet as my ponos are but a dream for now! lol
scotland lost to england at the football last night so hopefully my reward for that pain is the pleasure of a delivery email! lol
@shane...... me thinks pono is as elusive as haggis! lol as you say, grabbing & tossing not good! i'm hoping pre xmas..... that would be fine, post xmas would be disappointing altho with xmas shipping deadlines it won't be long before that door closes :-( we'll see, some folk will have good news re delivery before then so it is progress of sorts.
@ob маш халамжтай эелдэг нарийн эмэгтэй хуудас унтраах санал тулж энэ тайлбар хэсгийг таслах ажилд troll байна
@pono is the logistics issue with country settle? give us some updates..
@ob, sitting on yo ars all day gets very antsy so here is a repost of my first two unboxing of da ponos :-) enjoy "two (2) pono players arrived here in hawaii today (safe & aloha) four (4) more to go... first impression question... does it work ? yes it works ! all the music you promised is either in the player or on the card / easy :-) i now hear it ... believe the pono player is delivering the very same or better high quality audio sound comparable to the original vinyl records of the day. ny&crazy horse actually brought up memories of where i was when first heard cowgirl :-) put me right back in the room again ! very cool ... everyone else who is posting their own unboxing of the pono player has done a fine job of reviewing the tech / software / etc. so no need for more of the same - it delivers !!! kickstarter did what it was made to do here - thank you kickstarter ! however ... something has begun here on this comment page that was unexpected ... the pono player funding also launched a cadre of music lovers to find each other (who knew?) pono music has - my opinion - failed to fully understand or support the new "bulwark of music lovers" forming here ! i look around and see facebook & twitter & all things social media but where save here is a truly dedicated group of "social music media?" don't miss out on this neil young ! you spoke of the ecosystem & you got a social music system startup as well !!! please (build the better forum neil) the one on ponopeople or ponomusic serves everyone best because the (fans) don't cheat them now with the garbage forum on the farce ! your fans want this to continue with a true forum so - trash that freak of orical !!! pull the plug ! build the best (build it like a buick) "true one and only social music site on the web today ! you have been handed the brass ring here neil young / make it for your fans make it happen !!! the forum over at the farce.com is a freaking joke !!! even you can't defend it / llp"
@pete bronlund mine is all green. i'm believe all is okay. yupe, i read their update about the agricultural  (bamboo). now i'm just waiting ups give out the tracking number. as for your red x, the information u gave may be wrong. suggest u try modify online or email their support team.
@ marc cheong: does your "address verified" in the checklist have a bright red x while all others are green checks? (i have the same 'logistics issues for my country" message which is probably related to agricultural requirements over importation of bamboo wood products). can anyone else suggest why i have the red x and what i can do about it please.
@glasgow kiss, having a scotsman toss his caber on my wee irish behalf feels oddly satisfying, here's hoping your caber tossing this morning has results nearer home. no need for a screen grab, tossing and grabbing simultaneously can be hazardous. alas still no pono
still stuck with this message.. anxiously waiting.. -- note: there is a logistics issues with your country. we are working on resolving it to allow your player to ship. please provide a valid shipping address and phone number (callable from within your country) to make sure your player ships as soon as its ready.
looks like ios 8.1.1 broke pono website for safari on an ios device.  grrr
my job requires me to sit at a computer all day. it's a fact. i'm sorry you aren't a fan of our ramblings. just trying to get through a shit day. that's all. take care.
@fred cackling -lighten up francis! sgt. hulka
@ob the pono forums are not at all mobile friendly. just because youre able to be at your computer all day doesnt mean we all can.
a nice evening*
that last bit is for elijah. many of us have been here for months and months, and we're not going just because you don't like it. soz! have an nice evening.
i do listen to it on occasion, although i should listen every week. everyone says i love you isn't one of my very favorites, but of course i liked it. yeah, it isn't. but we're still going to post here. go to the forums for the most current information and specific topics.
seconding the request to take the off-topic comments elsewhere.  this isn't your personal chat site.
and mcboogie...re your interests in film?.....was just listening to podcast mark kermode & simon mayo's film review which i do each week, stacks of downloadable going back several years....if you don't subscribe get into it, well worth a regular listen, even all the way back to the beginning! not worth cluttering your pono with but fine n' dandy for ipod. http://www.bbc.co.uk/podcasts/series/kermode happy listening mcb....cheers dears.
woody allen!.......it was well watchable.....not classic but well watchable!
everyone says i love you...
now just one of two off-topic comments mcboogie...
@fredc.... depends what one views as off-topic fred?.....seriously tho'....there's bags of space to post here so fire ahead. folk will ignore my scottish sh*te which is fine. i've posted plenty about pono including my grumbles.....for now, i'm in a lighter mood and mcboogie seems able to suffer me talking sh*te some....or all of the time. i too however am looking forward to my ponos fred and will defer to you getting yours before me so you don't have to suffer me talk in' sh*te here. lol and the aforementioned is light hearted fred, not intending to wind you up :-)
if you feel like a douche just because we are amusing ourselves, then you probably are a douche. you will get an email when your pono ships. so feel free to stop checking the comment board. bye-bye!
cant wait until one person who gets their non le player email so i can stop checking this forum. feel like a douche just by association with all these pathetic people posting off topic comments. there are millions off social forums all over the internet. why cant we keep this one on topic?
thank you mcboogie! you may keep your pono.....but only just! night :-)
and as the final whistle goes......scotland 1  -  england 3! queue the well oiled (alcohol fuelled!) scotland supporters winding their way along sauchiehall street...singing...debating what should have been... determined that we were hard done! lol fact is england played better, deserved to win!    damn! exit stage left to the sound of droaning bagpipes!
boooooooo!
no hum!......as i type this... england just scored! now scotland 1 england 3! double doh! lol
ho hooooooo! 8 mins to go! scotland just scored now 1-2!
night, @graeme.
night mcboogie......your day can only get better.
.......and on that losing note i'll leave the forum to the pono talk. lol
.... as simon & garfunkel sing... "the sound of silence"...... 0 - 2 ....2 mins into the 2nd half...... am packing my bagpipes away! lol mind you..... it's never over until the final whistle! it's your fault if we lose mcboogie! lol...... as punishment you have to send me your pono!
mcb.....if you really love scotland......get down to the electrical store, smash the window, steal a telly, get back to the office and plug it in, then tune in! lol good to know you are working and i have finished! :-) you counting all those dots that folk leave lying around carelessly..... just.....to......an..n.....oy........ you! lmfah :-)
now...... i'm thinking we should substitute half the scottish team at half time and send on half a team of minions! (as in the despicable movie)......i'm thinking the element of surprise and confusion could allow us to score a goal or two over england! worth a try, surely?
@dan bennett.......hey dan, i've grumbled plenty in frustration however it will happen and you and i will get our pono along with the others awaiting.
@graeme, no tv showing the game at the office. if they were showing it, i'd be there, you can be sure. much rather be doing that than what i'm currently doing. today sucks.
half time.... 0-1.    nuff said!..... :-(
mcboogie multitasking! lol clearly not a true scot!......you should be hanging off your tv screaming & shouting! lol pono is entirely secondary at this precise moment! lol ok...... maybe it's on a par with the football! melody gardot.......play it mcboogie.....my one and only thrill...... sounds like it should lift you to a higher place on pono!
i understand frustration at not getting the pono on time, mine hasnt come and i have no idea of when it will be here.  and i know this may aggravate some people, but i have to say atleast im getting this product(eventually),  ive backed over 40 projects and so many of them have not fulfilled the pledges, will never fulfill them, just terrible.  im just happy im going to get a product from pono.
@steven, in your shipping email, there should be a link to download the beta software. look toward the bottom. @dan, you can't get your money back. this is a kickstarter. when you get your player, sell it on ebay and move on. the store is in beta. @graeme, i forgot to cheer. on it now! also, i do love melody gardot. she sounds wonderful on my pono. :-)
mcboogie!.......you're not cheering enough! doh! scotland 0 - england 1!   30 mins played... :-(
so how do i get my money back? i am now being told there really isn't a deadline being met at all. in fact, somehow i am going to wait longer than some/most/all december orders? the store is dismal and promises are not being kept regarding the quality of those choices. if it hasn't happened yet, then it most likely will never happen...
so 2 thngs, i have my ponoplayer.  great device.  when is pono music world app going to be available?  also when is the music store going live?
........tick tock tock tock mcboogie..... not for the pono!......kick off 8pm uk time tonight.....scotland versus england football........come onnnnnnnn scotland! lol
kilt, tartan tammie, lots of drinking, shouting, cheering & swearing...... that should cover it nicely.......extra points for blue stripes on face as seen in braveheart! lol how's your pono playing...... i read your post as part of mr young's update...... love joni mitchell - shadow & light.......i would have thought on a different music theme - jazz....melody gardot - my one and only thrill album and the title tracks plus deep within the corners of my mind?........ would have thought or hoped on pono that she would sound as if she was singing in your head and running her fingers thru your mind...... so much to look forward to!
i love football, and i shall cheer for scotland. i kind of have to now that i'm mcboogie, surely?
you are officially mcboogie to me!.....and tonight it is your task to support the scotland football team as they are playing england!.......which is a big deal here!.......kinda like us versus russia! it will be like the battle of bannockburn..... think mel gibson, braveheart, battle for you country speeches etc....... when in fact it is a game of f�ck*n football! lol lol lol
@shanek.... ah tossed ma caber this morning and clearly that brought you luck instead of me!........ wish i had a screen grab of that movement in your order just to pin up on the wall and wonder when my order will change! don't get me started mcboogie or it could be shoogly mcboogie! :-) there are 3 types of day.... shit, shite and f*ck*n shite so your day is only half bad! lol
mcboogie is making me laugh, which is good because i'm having a shite day. blah. hope you're ok, graeme.
mcboogie...mcmagic!  can you get the moon & mars on the shipping list please as i like to winter there! lol :-)
happy that jack white's lazaretto became available in 192/24 in the pono store.  it's one of my favorite albums and it sounds fantastic played loud through the pono.  not even hdtracks has this album.  5 days with the pono and i'm still on board with it.  music selection of hi-res needs to improve, along with the fit and function of the device software (its not that bad, just a little klunky), but things are going well compared to how they could've gone.  people expecting complete perfection have to realize how the world works, in reality things get screwed up all the time, very easily.  if it had been the le players that accidentally shipped after the black & yellow ones, i'd be upset but understand the situation anyways.
we need more hd in store.
thanks @ john & @siltech!
@elijah craig -- i agree the store is going to need to stock more hd. but it is beta. as far as your player -- you didn't "need" the pono player anyway, its just a digital audio player. there are others. why did you buy it, did you think it was magic? it just plays flacs and mostly everything else at high quality, as much as they could get in a $400 mobile device. it's about it's hardware in the thing and the stamp of approval from neil himself, who's been pushing for higher quality digital audio for decades now. i personally don't own anything that will play 24/192, nor do i own any audiophile-quality gear, all mainstream and recording gear for me. so the pono player will get lots of use in my life, and my phone and laptop can quit providing me crappy audio most of the day.
beta.
thus far, the beta store is a bit of a joke.  cd quality albums appear to make up the majority of its offerings, and that is definitely not what pono was advertised to be.  i don't need a special music player to play cd quality audio...nor do most people.
the forums aren't going to change, christopher. i agree they aren't ideal, but they aren't going to do that at this late stage. you just have to wade in and do your best or not participate.
i have moved in status from order submitted to processed  waiting for delivery today. i'm alternating between extreme happiness to disbelief and doubt on regular intervals since i discovered my new status
i like the new tool available however it is still unclear off my pono is being reworked or it hadn't been manufactured yet. now only if they could fix the forums so they could be usable.
they are working on the australia issue as we speak. gapless playback will also be forthcoming.
sadly, like others, australia is not an option for me and thus i cannot update my address. hoping this is resolved quickly.
thanks for the update. honest and detailed information is very important. despite that i'm happy about finally getting informed, i'm not so happy to see that my pearl jam le not only hasn't been shipped yet, but hasn't even been manufactured yet. that is disappointing. the fact that it will not come with gapless playback adds insult to injury. for many of my favorite albums, gaps between the songs pretty much ruin the experience.
perhaps the people at pono should offer an album or sampler as goodwill for the delays in delivering some of the early players. it would certainly make up for it
update 50 is available above.
my details are correct but am unable to find malaysia at the country field although on mouseover it says current content "my". please verify that this is ok or better still please use a standard list of countries used all over the web so that i can correctly state my country!!
as sebastian hagarty said a small country in the southern hemisphere, australia is not listed. my address details are all wrong.  despite an earlier email i have received from pono saying that the details i asked them to confirm were all correct amateur hour continues..............
my foo fighters le hasn't even been manufactured yet...i'm guessing mid december before i receive an email confirming my order.   this sucks.
hi, you are missing australia in you list of countries. so i cant update my address correctly
two (2) pono players arrived here in hawaii today (safe & aloha) four (4) more to go... first impression question... does it work ?  yes it works ! all the music you promised is either in the player or on the card / easy :-) i now hear it ... believe the pono player is delivering the very same or better high quality audio sound comparable to the original vinyl records of the day.  ny&crazy horse actually brought up memories of where i was when first heard cowgirl :-)  put me right back in the room again ! very cool ... everyone else who is posting their own unboxing of the pono player has done a fine job of reviewing the tech / software / etc. so no need for more of the same - it delivers !!! kickstarter did what it was made to do here - thank you kickstarter ! however ... something has begun here on this comment page that was unexpected ... the pono player funding also launched a cadre of music lovers to find each other (who knew?) pono music has - my opinion - failed to fully understand or support the new "bulwark of music lovers" forming here ! i look around and see facebook & twitter & all things social media but where save here is a truly dedicated group of "social music media?" don't miss out on this neil young ! you spoke of the ecosystem & you got a social music system startup as well !!! please (build the better forum neil) the one on ponopeople or ponomusic serves everyone best because the (fans) don't cheat them now with the garbage forum on the farce ! your fans want this to continue with a true forum so - trash that freak of orical !!! pull the plug ! build the best (build it like a buick) "true one and only social music site on the web today ! you have been handed the brass ring here neil young / make it for your fans make it happen !!! the forum over at the farce.com is a freaking joke !!! even you can't defend it / llp
too bad we didn't get update 50...or maybe it will be coming in the next 4 hours (by midnight pacific time...)
wc be pono bound! happy listening!
enjoy   wc
got my neil young and crazy horseplayer and it sounds great!  thanks neil!
@tmh since i'm not going to need headphone amp, anymore. i listed and sold sprout on ps audio forum. also, i decided not to have a class d sprout amp. ps audio is sending it to someone in california. the buyer paid me by paypal. i'm sure you'll love the sprout. take care.
thanks @siltech yep, that is what the sprout is for.  the way things are going it will probably arrive before my pono!
@tmh with hd800, you'll need external headphone amp. that's if you want music fairly loud.
@tmh
night, @graeme. mcboogie now, is it? :-)
nite mcboogie :-) funny how there isn't a spotlight big enough to shine on all the courageous folk out there..... a slice of humble pie indeed.
been there zack..... however on a more solemn note i am sincerely humbled listening to the strength of the parents of peter kassig speaking about their son's death and talking about forgiveness.......i can't imagine where i would get that from.......also listening to a short radio piece about a chap called tony who woke up from a coma to find both arms & legs amputated.....done to save his life.....yet i listen to a man that sparkles with life and i hear him taking his first steps on artificial legs...... walking, a thing i just take for granted? it tells me pono troubles are a world away from the real human stuff. i'm not being schmaltzy.......however it truly is an appropriate wake up call for me. respect to the above and all those in difficult circumstances.
now o'b...... it's confirmed..... we were separated at birth! officially mcboogie now!....at least from me :-)
i checked out next to elvis costello in tower records in nashville. ta da!
@the glassgow k*ss no update in shipping date. magic change. it's all souring the experience.
hey zack.... did it update your order in terms of shipping date or just a  magic colour change? there may be hope for my tartan pono yet!? lol
thanks siltech, they look like an interesting piece of kit. amazed the pono can drive something so big. i am still wavering between the hd800s and the oppos
sounds like "spot the celeb" however it's just passing moments......never seen the loch ness monster although i have seen the odd strange ripple on the water as i fly past on the motorbike! lol lol
i orded a yellow player....... now my order shows a black player. i don't really care. i just want my investment. we held up our end of the deal. communication is not too much to ask for at this point.
thank you shane.... i am 60/40 erring on the good humoured side :-) o'b? how good is the mono set then on cd?.....i think i saw it on vinyl later, did i? .....not likely i will bump into willem again however if i do i'll say hallo to him from his no 1 fan o'b! i was having afternoon tea at claridges/london and had elvis costello at table left and robbie williams to right.......forget robbie......hallo elvis c...... i was just a tourist on a luxury break so odd to see them just as human beings?......which "they" all are!
hi, graeme, i do have the mono box set, but i don't have it on my pono as yet. i'll have to let you know. i really do love willem dafoe. i thought he was stunning in the last temptation of christ, and i seek out most everything he is in. although he does a lot of shit, too, which is unfortunate.
this comment section just wouldn't be the same without you mr kiss, i started off being annoyed but you broke me...........now i just smile. by the way anyone any the wiser about my pono?
hallo o'b :-) who would have thought?...... willem dafoe??.......that's weird!..... i nearly fell over in that he shouldn't be coming out of a wee shop in glasgow...... turned out he was doing a tiny wee theatre production in the tramway theatre in pollokshields, glasgow. on the beatles o'b.... did you get the mono boxset?.....i have looked at it over past couple of years and watched price come down....i thought it needs to be the mono set to hear them they way the were recorded rather than superficial stereo twist later..... if you got them in mono i wonder how good on pono?
cheers for the update from the dark side @john :-) i'm taping my mouth with gaffa tape to stop me saying anything deemed "whingey" ....so the following comment is from my alter ego/ventriloquists dummy "k*ss glasgow for me" goog evening..... have a gottle of gear..... now just one teensy weensy point..... previous update from pedram mentions revised date mid-december?..... so for us waiting for detailed update?.... that single phrase..... "your pono players will be sent to you as soon as they are perfect." .....just intros that wee air of sufficient uncertainty to unsettle? i'm just saying, not moaning....... and remember this is "kiss glasgow for me" talking :-) moving on.......
have a great day all.
@tmh fostex th900 cans
hey siltech i see on the sprout forum you have ditched the hd800's. given you seem to be a man of quality taste in hi-fi gear, may i ask what more efficient cans you have purchased?
well...phil baker from pono music just posted this link to the pono community. the link leads you to pono world times. http://www.ponoworldtimes.com/ this is what it said, in case you don't want to click on the link...i know how some of you are with the "trust" issues and all... "aloha pono music lovers november 16, 2014      as feedback started rolling in when you received your players, i was so moved to hear how you were able to feel the music again - this is exactly why i have been driven to share ponomusic with you, to bring you the pono smile.      user feedback: "queued up country girl from déjà vu. in a word, amazing i am hearing parts long since diluted by mp3. i can clearly pick up david crosby's harmonies in the background, along with stills and nash. i'm ecstatic. i am wowed. need to hear more."      i want to thank you or your support throughout our launch. for me it has been the realization of a dream i have had for decades, to bring music back so you can feel it in all of its depth and emotion. we now have thousands of players in users hands. you have made it happen.      a small company like ours will experience growing pains, and they hurt. i want you to know that when things do not go smoothly for you i personally feel your pain.      user feedback: "in my car i connected the pono to the audio system using the line out. sounds fantastic. i don't want to leave the car -- wish i had a nice long commute! can't wait to show this off to friends."      although thousands of pono players have been received and more are now shipping, some of you are still waiting.      frustratingly, a lot of our first supporters will not necessarily be the first to get their pono players. our first players had some flaws and i would not let them go to you that way. we had to pull and rework them. your pono players will be sent to you as soon as they are perfect. we want all of your players to be pono.      things are moving smoothly now for our manufacturing.      user feedback: "ok just rec'd the player late yesterday and just now had my first chance to listen to a long time favorite song of mine with the high quality ripping. the song; school by supertramp off the crime of the century album. all i can say is that the sound blew me away and brought tears to my eyes! my new little baby & i are going to have some very good times together i predict!!"      pono had some missteps early on that are now causing problems with shipping. we did not request addresses and phone numbers in the strict manner our shipper demands. this was our mistake, a young company without experience, but we are learning fast and are dedicated to satisfying you. our shipper will not ship without phone numbers. if you have not received your pono yet and live outside the usa, please email us your addresses and phone numbers so we can ship to you or contact you. this missing information is the cause of your delay in most cases. i am very sorry we did not get that right.      user feedback: "shpongle nearly put me in an epileptic fit it's so good. if you're not familiar with this breakthrough album, it's a headphone acid trip, mixing world music, binaural beats, electronica, and random audio samples. it's so much more powerful coming from pono than any iplayer i've ever listened to it on. close your eyes and enjoy the ride."      there is one problem we cannot solve for you: some of you have purchased players and live in countries outside the usa. each country has its own taxes, some exorbitantly high and some countries have very involved import processes you must go through. there is nothing we can do about this situation. we hope that when you do get your pono, your musical experience will make it all worth it for you. that is our goal.      user feedback: "i had to take a long drive yesterday and i hooked my pono up in my car for the first time. it's a 2 year old subaru with their basic sound system. it has never sounded very good to me. i thought about replacing it but i work at home and don't drive that much anymore. i could not believe how great it sounds with the pono! i expected the pono to sound great with headphones but i have been blown away by the sound through my very old stereo at home and this crappy system in the car. i highly recommend hooking it up to something other than headphones if you can."      some of you have reported challenges ordering and buying music at ponomusic.com. if you watch the handy pono videos we have provided, they may solve your issues. refresh your pages to make sure you get the instructional videos you desire to see.      user feedback: "i was blown away. i could hear little breaths from joni mitchell, sounds and features of songs i've heard a million times before, and that pono smile was ear to ear. i was knocked out. i need to let someone on the pono team know about my mom's reaction. the first track she heard on pono was into the mystic by van morrison, and she burst into tears. she was overwhelmed, moved, stunned, thrilled, blown away, beside herself. what a moment. i'll never forget it."      some big news - pono headphones are coming, and that will be a big deal. they are not like any other earphones you may have tried or may now own. your pono phones will sound the best by far with a revolutionary feature never available in a consumer product. we are excited. deluxe pono players and pono earphone/buds will be available early next year.      user feedback: "i can't get beyond this point yet. plugged a dozen hi-res albums into the pono, and haven't even gotten to upload my cd rips yet, cause i keep listening to these albums, now several times! jesus, tonight, again, every picture tells a story followed by paranoid. they just sound so astounding! like i used to do, i play the complete album, amazing sound! placed the headphones on the wife, who was skeptical, claiming she doesn't like music that much....then she found moody blues on the pono, and actually dropped her ipad games, closed her eyes, and floated into it..."      thanks everyone!!!      enjoy your music.      we are rolling. we are a small, growing company. there will be bumps on the road and we will work diligently to fix them, so keep telling us your issues, we care.      ... and please keep sending us your feedback - it feeds us.      neil young      pono"
well said dave friedman
so correct dave.
assuming that pono is/will be an ongoing business creating and forerunning a music ecosystem as neil has been touting, then it really should be run as a business and led by experienced business leaders.  having one of the finest (and busiest) (and personally, most cherished) artists of the past 50 or so years serving as ceo is absurd - disheartening, actually.  i love neil and can't wait to spin the tunes on my pono but it makes no sense at all unless he is a complete executive figurehead, in which case, we are holding a gadget in our hands and not an ecosystem.   i say this not as a troll and not as someone who is concerned about not yet having received my pono.  to the contrary, i am totally fine with not yet having a pono delivered.  frankly, i thought from the beginning that the timing for delivery was way too ambitious for what pono is attempting to accomplish.  of course i want it as soon as possible but i'd rather have a product that has been quality tested longer and more intensively than it appears the early units have been.  sure the communications could/should be better.  sure the shipping could be more organized and efficient.  (even the most ardent supporters have to admit that the whole shipping thing has been a keystone cop mess.  utter disarray.) sure the units could be manufactured a little more solidly.  sure, having an extra petty album loaded is a great plus whether or not that was a wonderful accident or further evidence of disarray.  sure, all the tracks on csny 1974 would have been included the first time around. but all those types of "oops" issues are containable with real leadership teams focusing on operations, etc.  i well realize this is a start up but its a start up that i helped to fund and care about a lot and so i hope that we see some leadership changes that can inspire more confidence very soon.
night, graeme.
i'm obsessed with willem dafoe. i would have peed my pants. light sleeper is another of my favorites (starring mr. dafoe).
alien's nice to fall asleep too!? lol sweet nightmares!
ok.... sorry bout the list request..... a dumb question of sorts?..... nite honourary tartan o'boogie
that makes sense o'b?...... was racking my brain thinking "hard days night" and...... "yellow submarine" remind me to tell you about the day my uncle introduced me to paul mccartney and i didn't know who he was as i was a young lad.....my uncle had the farm next to his in campbeltown.....it's a small world! i once walked into a wee shop in a random part of glasgow and willem dafoe walked out past me?........ surreal...... just not in context......my brain couldn't compute.....i know not a big star.....it was just the context..... zzzzzzzzzzz....... time for bed. nite o'b :-)
favorite films are tough, but i love annie hall, manhattan, hannah & her sisters, crimes and misdemeanors, husbands and wives, still crazy, goodbye girl, midnight cowboy, alien, guinevere ... that's just to name a few. this list could go on for ages. but that's start.
i meant that i love the beatles (music and films). and i also love woody allen films. i'm a film addict, but i only have a few posters.
uch.....bedtime for me as 1.20am here and up at 6.30...... post your fav films o'b and i'll give them a watch! night night o'b from the land of the midgie!........ a great spoiler of holidays for tourists to scotland! lol ...and john.....i'm getting the feeling you should go get another copy of that poster and stick it up!
.....merely a list...... and i forgot the original 39 steps!.......doh! robert donat........creaky black & white, grainy however it is just the jinkies as we say here! i'm thinking maybe not on at your local drive-in.....they're probably all gone now.....drive-ins?...... dvd and netflix etc rule i went to a drive-in movie in the galloway forest late last autumn as part of the wigtown book festival....... twas just wonderful.....we were gathered up in the middle of the forest, parked up in front of the screen with breakfast at tiffany's!....... then the moon rose up eerily over the trees....... life as they say is for living...... so, i just keep cramming these things in before i'm too old!...... i guess you'll no doubt do the same thing albeit in different way...
.....o'b... i must be way old fashioned then.....here's a random ish list, some of which i have the posters for.....sad i know lol populist are many however well worth a watch on a dark winter night.... black & white film noir?......not much i wouldn't give a watch! lol dracula bela lagosi the mummy original charlie chaplin astaire & rodgers..... any classic musicals the big sleep bogart maltese falcon it's a wonderful life sunset boulevard to catch a thief dial m for murder vertigo rear window mr smith goes to washington bullitt thomas crown affair mcqueen french connection midnight cowboy all the presidents men 3 days of a condor classic westerns...... the good, the bad... gunfight at ok corral.....  great escape breakfast at tiffany's american in paris funny face citizen kane the third man diva angel-a wilbur want to kill himself the road to perdition american beauty out of africa fried green tomatoes at the whistlestop cafe pulp fiction double indemnity the ladykillers cape wrath mitchum the killers lancaster rope north by northwest good will hunting butch cassidy & the sundance kid run lola run grosse point blank point blank lee marvin lost in translation fritz lang metropolis, m etc jackie brown  django inglorious b etc for christopher waltz the artist local hero whisky galore amelie belleville rendevouz the illusionist (2010) la luna..... very short animation howls moving castle goodbye mr vengence ......japanese, danish, swedish films sooooooo..... many!
@john.... the google link is good tho..... too many versions to collect there!
@john....... never seen it in my life..... clearly a sheltered life i have led! lol
aha......the beatles are probably the ones i have seen least......woody allen, yip.....most of
graeme, the one and only official movie poster i own is one i got from the local theater near my hometown back in the early 1980's. it is the heavy metal poster (you are surely familiar with that adult oriented cartoon, aren't you?). it is very cool! i used to have it taped up to the outside of my bedroom door back in my youth. i still have it packed away in the attic. https://www.google.com/search…
graeme, i love the beatles and woody allen films.
ebay
.....and before i have a dram and retire to my 4 poster bed in my castle by the loch... o'b..... i collect vintage movie posters..... what's your interest?
fair enough, jerry. i hope you get your player soon.
@oboogie i backed two pono levels so not sure why you would say i'm anti pono. i need a new player that is why i have backed pono. one thing that niel evidently did was spark an interest in hi rez. i got an offer in the email for thirty days of tidal  so i am trying it quite a good selection they have you should look i know you can get a free trial. don't really see buying any hi rez music as i already have over 200,000 tracks recorded mostly flac already i backed the first day of pono and my issue with pono is that it still has not showed up and they seem to be way over thier heads. what ever seems to be the issue with siltech i am not sure is ebay some kind of secret code you two have? he sure does get upset easy. and as far as you i enjoy your posts and don't think i have done anything to offend you but you seem annoyed for some reason. well i guess that thing about the bus did but i apologized to you and truly was talking about my own dog not you. as far as niel he really should have found a ceo to run pono. don't really care for him his music is alright not on my regular play list even though i have everything he ever recorded.  but he has always been a bit of a pain in butt. i saw him on stage at woodstock (yes i am quite old) it was kind of funny the way he hid from the cameraman. wish they would get the act together and ship the ponos
@ob, proofreaders of the planet earth ! http://mind-revolution.org/2014/02/12/me-me-me-people-who-overuse-the-first-person-singular-are-more-depressed/ we luv ya baby :-)
jerry is anti-pono and pro-streaming music on the cheap? who would have ever guessed? also, since siltech isn't here? ebay.
@fred cracklin somehow i signed up early and got a month of free tidal it's great for twenty bucks a month not sure why anyone would buy music. the hi rez sound is great and selection they have is not to bad wonder what they will charge on pono music for one album vs 20 bucks on tidal seems like an easy choice
through not threw. i'm a jackass.
has anybody hooked up there's threw a portable headphones amp? somebody a week or so said their's made it sound even better. i just ordered fiio e11 to use with tidal to help the wait. btw those of you who haven't got their players yet it's a good time to use the free week trial of tidal. it beats the shit outta spiritual.
i'd crucify your writing. but i don't proofread when i'm not in work mode. i can usually get the gist of most people's writing. never been to copenhagen. hope to go one day. not a fan of flights over about 9 hours. i don't like flying that much, really, but needs must.
time to leave the forum for other folk.... cheers :-)
you're lucky to have lived in a different country.....i rarely travel outside scotland apart from trying to go to denmark every year, certainly not one for long haul hols....i did africa on safari once and the flight nearly killed me.....way too long! copenhagen is a wonderful city, the danes are chilled, the design just simple and lazily i don't need to learn danish as they speak english! lol  lazy scottish language folk!
words are a fine thing o'b......i tend to ramble on and punctuate as i feel....so, i'm lucky not to have you proofing my work! lol
i see. i'm always having to correct them because they are constantly misused. hence my question! i know a lot of people who write the way you do. just thought i'd ask.
now there's a song jason! ...o'b....i just think it is more human....more like having a chat.....lets me ramble from one thread to another......probably why bob has to keep ordering those bags! lol i would probably say they mean i am a chantie rassler!....... i just keep rambling on......i recall someone mentioning me and diatribes! lol
i lived in the uk for a while, graeme, so i'm familiar with both of those gentlemen and their radio shows. i listened to them a lot.
bbc radio iplayer!...... damn that spellcheck sh*t! lol
the first song i listened to when i got my pono was america's "a horse with no name" in 192/24 on denon ahd5000 headphones.  it sounded so fantastic and rich that i couldn't contain my excitement and sort of giggled a bit.  it was great.  when i loaded cd quality flac files onto it, it sounds great but the margin of difference isn't as noticeable.  on speakers, i can't say that it's that much higher quality of sound because i have an untuned room that isn't set up that well.  i have a nice marantz and some okay speakers but i think the room i'm in makes it harder to notice the quality difference than with cd player or vinyl records that i also play in that room.  on higher-end headphones though, its amazing.
there's a drive-in place near where i live. closed for the season now, but it's a fun place to go. why do you like ellipses so much? genuine question. i'm a proofreader, so i can't help asking these things.
.....live....love!.....or both!
o'b.....i'll leave you alone before folk phone for the police! lol as you clearly live your music....if you don't tune in to bbc radio 2 online then look up johnnie walker on a uk sunday afternoon at 3pm and bob harris around 3am sunday morning....... good songs, classics.......you can also pick them up on bbc radio i player i think as podcasts.....well worth a listen! cheers :-)
off topic......braveheart.....the movie.......so there we were parked up at a drive-in movie in glasgow on glasgow green.......drive-in movies being virtually non-existent in our part of the world........so like recently landed newbie aliens we do as we're told.....switch on car radio, tune in for soundtrack of film......then the opening credits role....the film starts......and ten minutes in stops!....... glasgow patience for 5 mins, then 10/15/20 mins pass and no sign of film restarting so the car horns start going, fights break out, beer bottles getting thrown etc, and a general melee ensues during which we negotiate our way out of the whole thing! not quite the braveheart spirit as seen on our hollywood screens! welcome to glasgow indeed! lol lol
aye, that's what i thought......too jumbled for me
i can feel those forum fingers poised to give me a verbal kicking....... i better saddle up my horse and gallop along the lines of troops in a braveheart/mel gibson kind of way......ready to wade into battle! lol
the forum format is a big fat mess. you get vaguely used to eventually, but it is a disaster if you want to follow conversations.
yes, i've been told i go off topic on the pono community, too. there is a group dedicated to off-topic chat called the kitchen floor. apparently any other threads that go off topic are criminal. makes me laugh.
i looked in a few times but couldn't make sense of the layout, just too cluttered for me....
is the community forum all pono talk?
non-pono posts have been a staple of this place. no one cares. if they do, pah. who cares?
i'll go before anyone gets p*ssed with my non pono posts..... cheers dears & o'b :-)
that's the downside of one dimensional posts...... humour can come across as sarcasm.... hopefully my grumpy posts are easily distinguished! lol
broadsword to danny boy.......broadsword to danny boy?........any sign of black or yellow ponos.....over....... must be repeated in the voice of richard burton!.....
...jibes from those shouting at their screens reading my posts! lol
nope o'b ......not mocking at all..... just waiting for the jibes of me turning this into a chat forum..... however, better that i not pono chat! cool that 90% meets approval :-)
......it does look like a takin the p*ss list but imho the tunes are worthy..... not in the memorable chiseled classic category although...... i have to confess there are many favourites in there. ...... the sound of footsteps shuffling off, the lights go off, a door closing...... and the great tumshie has left the building!
i actually like about 90% of those songs and have them in my collection. so. not mocking the music at all.
i don't mind some of those songs at all.  it's just all the sarcasm dripping from your posts. you are mocking. i get it. haha.
......i will go and recite rabbie burns as punishment!
o'b?...... am i to hang my head in shame as there is nothing that would grace your pono? ;-)
no o'b...... i'm not.... seriously :-) reading thru the song titles may look like taking the p*ss...... no matter, i genuinely wasn't.......'twas just a wee ramble thru' some tunes saved in an ever bigger rambling spotify saved collection that i have......along with loads of others. i'm smiling looking at the titles but they really did come out that way, on random play.....not classics, granted, however i have to put ma kilt up (or hold my hands up?) and say they are really on my saved list. a large scottish tumshie apology if i have insulted your fine musical taste.......bob will be filling the contents of his amazon bags!
why, graeme! i do believe you are taking the piss! :-)
@ christopher scrudder......thanks for that.....i'm noting the words "all players"...... i'm thinking the unseen black & yellow? no mention of my special edition tartan pono, signed by rabbie burns himsel'?
o'b....... whilst eating my shortbread, chasing the haggis around the fields and marching across hill n' glen..... i thought i would share a wee random play i was listening to earlier......bob may need to get his special amazon bags out lol bryan ferry - loop de li paloma faith - picking up the pieces tears for fears - women in chains aztec camera - somewhere in my heart prefab sprout - bonny lloyd cole  & the commotions - are you ready to be heartbroken peter frampton - show me the way the beat - mirror in the bathroom stevie wonder - he's misstra know it all the sutherland brothers - arms of mary yann tiersen & jane birkin - plus d'hiver the civil wars - to whom it may concern joan armatrading - no love rolling stones - angie cassandra wilson - it would be so easy the la's - there she goes mindy smith - hurricane audrey hepburn - moon river .......finishing with the one and only..... al green - how can you mend a broken heart..... o'b?......surely you must be swaying in your head to this around that empty tartan dance floor?
i received an email from pono in response to a complaint. "thank you for contacting us at pono support. as you know, we are in the process of shipping orders out to kickstarter customers. due to the manufacturing process, we now anticipate that all players will be ready and shipped by no later than early december. once your package ships, you will receive an order confirmation that will provide you with a ups tracking number. you will also be given early access to the pono music world software. we appreciate your patience."
when are the pono's shipping?
i see the glasgow *ss was in good form last night. in other news, any sign of my pono? or some news about my pono. it's the not knowing that's getting to me
@the glasgow k*ss not to worry they have this five star bag and it comes with amazon prime and you can order large quantities. hopefully you won't go courting again before tuesday if you do we can always use a 5 gallon bucket. http://www.amazon.com/emesis-bags-blue-24-ea/dp/b00nwpy376/ref=sr_1_1…
oh bob?...... better wear a bib bob..... they only got a 4 star review on amazon...... 6 packs left bob....... that'll keep you reading thru my posts for a wee while? lol
thank you o'b....... and well done mum!...... have you checked what's stamped on her ar.... lol a tartan goodnight from the rainy streets of glasgow... o'b
......and bob?...... i'm just lovin your appreciation of me :-) och aye...... order the tartan ones bob......they've got holes in them so it dribbles over yirsel! lol
john..... anything that starts with mc of mac has a chance of being scottish lol  i'm happy with folk wherever they're from.... maybe what makes scots a little different is we'll strike up a conversation with a stranger because we're happy to chat, help, whatever...... and the funniest thing i ever saw craig ferguson do was his tom cruise impression re scientology thing..... and i'm not looking to offend any scientologists or any other religion on here.... i just laughed at how portrayed tom...... and tom's alright too! billy connolly?........ i used to like him, he was born not far from me in glasgow however he did an offhand joke about a chap called ken bigley getting beheaded..... which he hadn't at that point.... but he was......i couldn't forgive him for that......it crossed the line of humour.......so, mr connolly.... the early years.....in concert?....... side splitting.....mind you that may not transfer so much for other folks in other countries. anyway......i'm aff tae ma big tartan bed....... and i'll courie up tae ma o'b pillow knowing that she laughed...... and for a fleeting scottish moment thought......"he's not a complete ar*e"! my love is indeed like a red, red pono o'b
@the glasgow k*ss i'll have to order more of these after your last couple posts http://www.amazon.com/vomibag-emesis-sickness-urine-vomitbag/dp/b0052eab1c
my family is scottish on my mom's side and english on my dad's. throw in some cherokee indian, and you've got me. a mutt is right. still laughing at those damn funny posts. hahahaha. i'm stone-cold sober, too, so i have no excuse. it was just ... funny. night, graeme.
most of us americans are "mutts" and that is just fine. most of my family comes from england (judging from the names). however, i do have at least one ancestor by the name of mcclellan. does that count for anything mr. craig ferguson (a.k.a. the glasgow kiss - graeme)!?! also, i take great pride in the fact that scotch-irish emigrants helped to form kentucky music and traditions...leading to folk music, bluegrass music, country music, etc.
o'b?.......i'm not drunk..... promise! and if you hadn't laughed a little i would have said you had no heart.... but you do :-) you would be rather surprised to find, as would others, that i am actually quite?..... normal. i'm happy that you saw the other side of me....... i know you are secretly worried that we may be related by our scottish genes...... here's how to check...... when i lift up my kilt and look at my ar*e it has "made in scotland" stamped on it!....... you lift your kilt and see what is stamped on yours! lol now..... who on the forum do you think will volunteer to be our flowergirls for our big day? obviously the loch ness monster is first on the list! i can go to bed happy now as you saw my funny side! hoots mon! x
also, some of that made me laugh. which i'm ashamed to say. hahaha.
yeah. you're drunk.
are you drunk?
i'll make an apology now to my fellow kickstarters who thought this forum had turned into a dating forum......with me trying to woo ms o'b....... i was only reacting to o'b's clear signal that she finds me charming, witty, just one hell of an interesting guy! the forum can now revert to normal service.......
o'b?...... just in case you were wondering......the bonnie banks of loch lomond? the story goes.... this song was written by a macgregor of glen endrick, who was jailed, along with a friend, in carlisle england in 1746. the author had been comdemned to death for his support of bonnie prince charlie in the 1745 uprising, while his friend was going to be set free. the song tells of the old celtic myth that the soul of a scot who dies outside his homeland will find it's way back home by the spiritual road, or the low road. so he condemned man says to his friend: "you take the high road and i'll take the low road, and i'll be in scotland afore ye..." apparently, they had ordered their ponos back then however they are still waiting...... lol thank you o'b
o'b?.......a poem from the great scottish bard himself robert burns. o my luve's like a red, red pono,  that's newly sprung in june:  o my luve's like the melodie,  that's sweetly play'd in tune. as fair art thou, my bonie lass,  so deep in luve am i;  and i will luve thee still, my dear,  till a' the seas gang dry. till a' the seas gang dry, my dear,  and the rocks melt wi' the sun;  and i will luve thee still, my dear,  while the sands o' life shall run. and fare-thee-weel, my only luve!  and fare-thee-weel, a while!  and i will come again, my luve,  tho' 'twere ten thousand mile! if only my pono would come! once again i lift my kilt especially for you and bare my fine scottish ar*e!..... just fir you!...... apparently you have an ar*e too?!
o'b?....... that lovely red hair?...... don't tell me you have scottish ancestry?...... we may be linked by our genes? och aye tha noo!
o'b?........if your heart hasn't melted i'll throw ma'sel tae the loch ness monster...... who apparently is also awaiting his limited edition tartan pono.....needs to be waterproof tho' lol
cheers @john.......very helpful. o'b...... really?....... you must be dreaming......a lady does not have an ar*e?....... however i will imagine you like my tartan bagpipes!........ lovely! and especially for you i will lift my kilt and render you speechless with a fine scottish rendition of.... by yon bonnie banks and by yon bonnie braes  where the sun shines bright on loch lomond  me and my true love were ever wont to gae  on the bonny, bonny banks of loch lomond ye'll tak' the high road and i'll tak the low road  and i'll be in scotland afore ye  but me and my true love will never meet again  on the bonny, bonny banks of loch lomond 'twas there that we parted in yon shady glen  on the steep, steep side of ben lomond  where in the purple hue the hieland hills we view  and the moon coming out in the gloaming the wee birdies sing and the wild flowers spring  and in sunshine the waters are sleeping  but the broken heart it kens nae second spring again  and the waefu' may cease frae their greetin' thank you o'b
@john  he had his son play with him, and no other special artist. his guitar playing is incredible.
not surprised. all they have is a cto doing coo's job and a couple of cute cs girls running things (not to mention having neil as a ceo)
siltech, did fogerty have any special guests sing with him? i ask this because my morning jacket were part of the newest album he put out. it is called wrote a song for everyone. he did remakes of many of his classic songs, including ccr songs with many bands/artists. he even made appearances on some of the late night talk shows. he played a song with dawes on letterman. my morning jacket sang with john fogerty on "long as i can see the light". here is the link. http://youtu.be/h7cb483dany there's also a bit of studio stuff from the session on youtube (but it may get taken down soon. i think it has before). here's the link to that. http://youtu.be/3gzl-2qxndk
fucking a. losing my mind.
you're going back and forth between the two "forums" aren't you, tommy? it sure keeps a person busy!
i saw john fogerty in concert last night. he was great.
goddamn - this is good stuff to read while i wait for shipping email and updates.
thanks o'boogie
no problem with the copy and paste of the update, the glasgow kiss. it was only posted once and not much has been mentioned of it. i thought it would be good to put it here. i also believe there should be more communication. like others have said on here and over there, better communication would go a long way in keeping us backers happy and willing to give them more time to deliver the pono players. i am still trying to be positive and look forward to my player arriving. i want to get my player as much as others do. i'm just happy that actual players are actually making it into the hands of actual pledgers. that alone gives me hope that i will get mine too. jerry, i have made several posts/comments stating that fact. if the moderators want to do something, they will. i don't want to bother them with trivial things like this. it doesn't really bother me. it's just annoying. they are trying to create a bit of chaos over there. also, things are quietening down, since people have started getting their players. the only ones still posting are those who are upset with the lack of communication (and haven't gotten their players yet) and those who post all the time because they like it there. i don't know where i stand...i guess i will still post over there after i get my player just to be sociable and to find out new stuff relating to the use of the player and any problems with it.
oh, glagow kiss my arse. ffs. you really need to get some kind of help for your issues. it will do you good. and maybe you'll find a new hobby. when you get your pono, sell it. do us all a favor. bye now! @siltech, i think the mods are trying to keep up with "doggie." just flag it and move on. he's not exactly a clever troll.  "lol" seems to be the pinnacle of his offerings thus far.
@john you should report that to those moderators and they will get right on it.
i here you john. it's sad man.
hey, siltech, there's also some "trolling" going on over at the real pono forum (community). there's someone who keeps posting negative things there, over and over again, on different threads, trying to entice others to respond. then, that person deletes those same posts after a little while. they have even changed their username and avatar several times (changing their avatar doesn't really bother me, but they did have one of my avatars from this here kickstarter comments section for a very few moments today when they were going by the name of "not john"...very curious...very curious indeed...). they have gone by the names, "doggie", "not john", (something else i missed - forgot what it was), and now "nw-zx1". ...cowherd comes to mind... that might be their next username!
@siltech  what picture is that
......although......black & yellow?.......they are turning out to be the real rarities! lol
jerry is using my picture again. ha ha
......."working on our next kickstarter update?"....... i can't imagine the work involved in preparing that? putting that "task" aside for a moment......thank you @john for the update lifted from the pono forum which i don't subscribe too.....i glean from that...."mid december"...... that's fine if they will genuinely deliver on that revised date...... however just be honest with any update...... that's all that is required. for me....a missed delivery date is not the issue.....the lack of detailed communication here on kickstarter where i pledged/paid etc is my bugbear......again @john..... thanks for copying that update. i have several outstanding kickstarter campaigns and get updates along the way from those creators.... some of whom have missed their pledge deadlines, which is okay if they post an update on progress......it is so easy..... just like me typing on here! ....... and now over to the kickers who wish to chip their tuppence worth at me over whatever comments i post! much prefer you censor yourself and don't read my posts and keep your tuppence worth about me to yourself....... however if you really feel your life is that empty...... i'm warmin' the bagpipes and ready to play & march! o'b & wc..... really?
craig's list
ebay
@wc very well put keep in mind though pedram in charge of technology so he talks with machines not people. niel should hire someone with marketing or public relation skills but then a real ceo would know that. to bad hamm is gone he seemed to understand a little bit. you can make the greatest thing in the world but without someone who can satisfy the customer it will fail. bla bla bla pono
@ tijn "i drop comments to people who i think have the mind of 3 year old while i myself change last names to include the word fart..." oh the irony
@john. and that's where pedram fails.  this is a kickstarter project and as backers we should be entitled to an explanation of what's goin on with the progress of pono.  some people don't want to join the community forum for whatever reason and to hear vital info through a third party, it's just bad communication skills.  early bird = tardy bird.
@creator any chance of an update on the status of your shipments and corrections to your multiple quality issues that have seriously delayed shipments.. i backed the first day and no word what so ever from you as to when you will ship just same old form letter replies
tijn, you're probably right. just today, pedram abrari posted to the pono community that they (the pono team) don't even monitor this place anymore. this was posted today at 2:02 p.m. from pedram abrari, "we're working on the next kickstarter update now. i primarliy comment on this forum because this is the pono forum, not kickstarter. i honestly don't have the cycles to monitor the kickstarter forum. the point of creating the pono forum was to communicate with our backers on our own forum as opposed to having to worry about monitoring and responding on two forums. we just post major updates on kickstarter. lastly, i comment on this forum when i have cycles from my day job which is to make sure you all get you shipments by mid-december at the latest. i could spend all day responding to every comment on this forum but then the shipment and delivery of your players will be delayed and i don't think anyone wants that. the other problem is that every time we do a ks update, it results in hundreds of trouble tickets being sent to our support with backers repeating the same question. when will my player ship? the honest answer is that your player will ship when it's ready and we don't have a means of telling you the precise day that it will be ready. the only expectation we can set is that shipments started at the end of october and are anticipated to be completed by mid december. as soon as your player is manufactured, it is shipped within a day or two assuming that we have a valid address and a phone number for you. if we don't then you'll be notified. we have cleaned up the majority of addresses and streamlined the delivery order placement process. again, these are the growing pains of a startup. this is not like ordering a product from amazon. it's a donation all of you kindly made to help pono get off the ground and turn into a viable technology company. what comes with the territory is that you come along with us on the roller coaster ride of a startup company! really appreciate your patience and support."
@john, just ignore mr. mcfartland. this man has the brain of a 3-year-old and is in desperate need of attention (in any way shape or form). who else keeps coming back here every day repeating himself, knowing he's barking up the wrong tree...
yawn
oh you poor baby!! do you dream about neil and maybe rocking you to sleep??  who is anyone to say what they can and cannot do?!? get a life! there's now way more backers on here venting their grievances than the  irrational idiots trying to police a comments section.
personal attacks on neil young are not in order here, ryan mcfarland! i seriously doubt neil is trying to screw you over! this conspiracy garbage is all in your head! the pono team is trying their best! if you feel their best isn't good enough, wait for your player, put it up for sale, and please, please...do shut up!
here's a quote from ryan mcfarland directed to me back on oct. 27th, "shut up hippie!" now, i'll return the favor...you need to shut up...non-hippie!
@ joe "hi folks. pono here. this month's update- we're so happy that you all pledged to our co. last year. so excited that we've started accepting fanclub memberships fees for the pono fan club! just $100/annually and keeping you "up-to-date" on all things & happenings pono. for example, who's received their player or who's not which we're not allowed to mention pending the countless lawsuits! this is fun! haha righteous! what's ol' neil been up to you ask?  well on his good days he has a good bm. bad days? no such thing! everything's cool! don't worry...you'll all be satisfied w/ your players!!
well there you go...our monthly update to tell us there's another month until it's time for another monthly update that there will be another update in a month.
mid- december is the new mid- november.
@ joe funny...very true too. i think if we, early oct. backers, don't  get our black & yellow players by  x-mas, things could get ugly... refunds??, more complaints on top of the pile pono has already received, kickstarter partly responsible also
black ad yellows may be a while...there's a lot more potential for le's which apparently get top priority; they still could do; the 50 states signed of course by the governor  the state bird collection with bird call the nfl player signed of course the mlb player signature series the ncaa college football series the members of the eu series the one hit wonders of music signature series the presidential series the 64 colors of crayola collection  the john wayne movie series  the trolls of kickstarter and pmw avatar series  the great battles of wwi the great battles of wwii the national parks series as you can see the potential is endless...as is apparently the timeframe for getting a black or yellow pono.
conclusion #1: ian kendrick has golden ears and joseph does not, since joseph, like most folks if they participate in a proper abx test, can't hear the difference that ian kendrick can. conclusion #2: not a single black/yellow pono has been shipped. what a shame.
i'm a little disappointed with the early backer shipping situation. i was originally expecting delivery in october. i followed from the postings that shipments would start the end of october and didn't have an issue with that, but now it's the middle of november and there's no word. i'm concerned my oct delivery won't arrive until december.
jerry, i'm sorry if what you are saying is true. maybe there is somebody impersonating you over there. it could easily be done. they do have all your stuff down pat. like i said, they are using your picture, and the neil quote you keep posting about "i think when you make a deal...". also, the blue pono light was in reference to the blue light that is supposed to light up when playing high-resolution songs/albums. also, it was k-mart with the "blue light specials". i worked there for 3 weekends during the christmas rush right after i got out of the navy back in 1993 (i hated that job and got a job as a mail room worker/security guard at a local precious gems outlet store). again, sorry if i am accusing you of something you haven't done, jerry. finally, i'm sure you would be welcomed there, if you did ever want to post comments. john
@joseph what did you plug your ponoplayer into for the comparison?
@john  no idea of what you are talking about i have two or three or four  kickstarter accounts and backed ponos on two or three of them. i have not other than logging in to see how much of my personal information they posted to that marketing company posted anything on the pono farce site. i know how paranoids the moderators and other people are over at that site are of me. as i know people who frequent that site. why i do not know i have backed this project from day on and am eager to get the pono not for it's claimed ability but for a replacement for my pjb100 but i can tell you that that site has no security you can set up as many account to as you want with no verification that you are real. fake emails work and if someone posts anything thing i have posted any where else then they likely believe it. many have repeatedly tried to get me kicked off kickstarter but they don't understand how kickstarter works and i am still here and as you think i may be on the farce site even though i am only registered their because of neil selling info to them. paranoid people think funny you know some people might cry if you copied their picture or name just ask ron . it don't bother me at all kickstarter works for money you back they make money and all is fine. when you say something offensive they might send you a email telling you to stop. then you have to show them that you are not the person at fault like when the person accusing you of harassment calls someone stupid. what you don't understand is calling someone stupid is also against their policy so it's like a penalty in a football game they negate each other and i am still here. if they kick you off they have to refund your open project money as i always have projects going backed over 100 not like the majority of the one project pono backers. moderators say " i am on it" means nothing it might over at the farce site but on kickstarter it means nothing. this project has been built on theories and little facts and missed deadline after missed deadline. heck from what i understand they can't even get the song list on a csny album correct and the creator was part of that band although when i saw him play at woodstock he was the one afraid to be filmed by the camera man. not sure what the blue light reference is are they selling at walmart now? but as you said curious i think i'll go over to that farce sit and set up a fictitious account maybe see you later watch for familiar pictures and names have a righteous pono day bla bla bla pono
@joseph thanks for the best comparison we have had yet. sure would off hoped that the project creators had published comparisons but they likely came up with the same results you did. hopefully one day they will ship my pono and will see for myself and confirm your results.
thanks ian. i like the sound (no pun intended)of both pieces of information
have not posted much here of late as i am very busy on the community site. from my own experience, burn in is needed before the ponoplayer starts to give of its best. we had a long call with charlie hansen, the designer of the player, and he confirms this. i found it took a day or so for the sound to start to open out. then a good while later it really opens out. and then even more a good while after that. my a&k 120 is now for sale as the ponoplayer bests it in all departments. not just my opinion either, others agree. i would not do that if i was not totally clear about it. as for shipping matters and the like. there's a significant update on the way. best i
i've noticed over on the pono site people are literally begging for an info crumb. sad.
i'm very disappointed about the shipping delay, european (austrian) import regulations are no secret and you had time enough to figure it out between april and october. now it's the 15th of november and i still have no info about the shipping of my pono player black (october pledge). so far the promised "pono experience" is quite disappointing due to the ongoing shipping issues.
@joseph so many things that could affect your experience including the quality of the rest of the componants. what speakers were you using?  did you compare the space that the music is in? did you listen for the background "darkness"?  i've nade comparisons between my iphone 6 and the pono and its a big difference to my ears using the same set of headphones for each. not saying your findings are incorrect, but i worry when you pointed out listening to it at high volume. to me it's tough to listen descrimenantly when it's loud.
so i've done a simple sound quality test (comparison) of my pono with other ordinary music players (my nexus 5 and my hp laptop) and, as much as it hurts me to recognize, they all sound the same.  for the first test, i’ve compared the pono with my nexus 5 (google play music app) using a 6,683kb (6.683mb) mp3 file and some external speakers. i've set their volumes equal and ensured there was no eq interference. i’ve played the song in high volume, first with bass, and then without bass. they both sounded the same, and it was expected bcs this mp3 was not a high quality file.  for the second test, i’ve compared the pono with my nexus 5 (poweramp app that reads .flac files) using the 100mb flac file (“neil young - there’s a world” song) that came with the pono and some external speakers. i've set their volumes equal and ensured there was no eq interference. i’ve played the song in high volume, first with bass, and then without bass. they both sounded the same. despite the fact that both the pono and my nexus 5 phone delivered the same sound quality, the pono delivered a higher/louder volume, which was a small benefit for me. for the third test, i’ve compared the pono with my hp laptop using the 100mb flac file that came with the pono and some external speakers. i've set their volumes equal and ensured there was no eq interference. i’ve played the song in high volume, first with bass, and then without bass. they both sounded the same and delivered the same max volume output.  additionally, i’ve asked somebody to give me her honest opinion about the sound quality test. i blindfolded her, i did the test, and asked her which one she thought had the best sound quality. she also claimed both devices (pono and hp laptop) sounded the same.  i love the idea behind the pono device, however, it looks like the only thing i bought was an expensive portable device that plays flac files with the same performance my $400 hp laptop currently delivers. i was hoping to find a remarkable improvement in music sound quality through the pono “device”, however, that was not the case for me.  i want to make sure i’m getting the right results, so i would like to know if somebody from the pono community also ran sound quality tests of the pono with other ordinary music player devices at the right settings. thanks.
i'm loving my le metallica pono. i have a few entry-level headphones (ath-m50, akg q701, ue triple-fi 10s and vmoda m-100s) and all sound great. i had my wow moment last night. listening to fabriclive 37 on the london underground without additional amplification. 'the drop' by unitz kicked in and it was amazing.
this is a partial quote from jerry that was posted less than an hour ago, "...also as previously communicated to you i have no intention of participating in the pono music farce site..." but...isn't that you over there, jerry, going by the name of "doggie"...?... or is it someone posing as you...using your avatar...using your style of commentary...using your quotes...using your negative attitude...?...?...?...?...? what happened? did you succumb to the alluring blue pono light emanating from their site? why did you go back on your word? curious... simply curious...
@fred beiderbecke i just tried a 128 gig micro sd and it works fine.
@ jerry gotta love every time a email pops up in my inbox on my phone  "hey maybe a shipment from pono or ups!" nope! not today...or tomorrow..or next week...
and easier* (i hate typos)
i'm with shane. what is with all the threats on here? glasgow kiss? come on, man. calm down and go listen to your not-a-pono music player. you'll be ok. promise. physical threats are not cool. at all. so we disagree with your rants? so what? who gives a damn? john, i hope you get your pono soon! i know you'll love it. fyi: i've been skipping the software and side-loading my pono. it's faster an easier, i've found. i think the software will get there, but it still feels very beta at the moment (as it should—it is beta).
@neil young "creator" ha ha i sent you an email and asked in you had all my info and you verified it on this email "the ponomusic team oct 28, 2014 report spam hi jerry, yes, we have all of your shipping information. thank you!" now here it is two weeks later and you send this email. you should stick to singing as being a ceo is not cutting it. which email is right. also as previously communicated to you i have no intention of participating in the pono music farce site you did not have permision to give my personal info to that marketing company and agreed that you would ship based on information provided by kickstarter like all other kickstarter projects. please ship me the pono as you promised. "the ponomusic team nov 13, 2014 report spam hi jerry, we apologize for the trouble and are working hard to solve this matter. have you made sure all of your information, including telephone number, are included in your pono community profile?" “i think when you make a deal, you’ve got to stick to the deal that you have made. if you are going to change the deal, you have got to talk to the people you made a deal with and change it.” bla bla bla pono
@wc, it came pretty much fully charged, at least 90% i would say.  simply inserted the card, held down the center button, presto it was on.  albums were pre-loaded, nothing missing but i didn't notice any extra free song, just the two albums (harvest & storytone).  both the albums are at 192/24.  lots of people are talking about having to figure out how to load to the card, i'm not going to fiddle with the program so i just plugged it into one of those regular sd card adaptors and straight into the computer.  it opens just like any ordinary flash drive, and i'm creating folders in there with band names, then dragging songs where i see fit.  that should work but i have yet to plug it back into the player and see if they pop up.
@ rocky i hear ya - i am a cd hoarder and i love how i can buy the hard copy and still be able to burn files with it in most formats i want and still have something to show for it on the shelf. cheaper than itunes and pono it seems. it is debatable whether you can hear the differences between flac or 24.
for myself the case for the cd is still compelling. 1.i can not tell the difference between 'there's a world' at 99/24 or flac file from cd on my pono- they both sound great actually. this may change once the pono is fully burnt in. 2.a cd is a hard copy ( some i have had for 30 years) and with 4 stereo systems & 3-cars (2 without an audio in plug for pono) the cd still has a place. 3. i live outside the us so can't purchase hi res files anyway. 4. ebay & local traders have some great cd's for $10. 5. i agree with others that the hi res files seem too expensive - especially if i already won the cd. it will be interesting to see how the market plays out. my opinion is that  to capture the $$$ they would need to add added value to the albums eg bonus live tracks with the original album. it is not enough just to  churn out a 30 year old album for $30.
i'm glad more people are getting their pono players now. i still haven't heard a word yet (no e-mails or notifications on ups my choice), but i'm not worried. after seeing all those cool photos and hearing about how good the player's sound, i'm still very, very excited to be one of the pledgers who will be receiving a limited edition pono player in the not too distant future. long live pono! and  long live the d!
yeah glad you have your player and all going well john. thanks for the pics.
thanks @john!  glad you like it!
@stig, :-)
@wc mine came charged - want to say about 3 out of 4 bars sorta thing - so instant gratification! :-)
@john, @jason, does the pono come charged or do you have to plug it in to get a full charge?
@jdc - yeah, i noticed that as well - fortunately it's only the cardboard liner that protects the inside of the top of the box.  i suspect it was cut from scrap cardboard - the bamboo underneath seems fine. . https://picasaweb.google.com/102874731303293038956/pono… . as an aside, i have to admit i'm impressed - at first listen it's hard to tell the difference between this and my oppo bdp-105 - gonna be an entertaining night.
last week i discovered my phone number was missing in the ponomusic registration. i sent an e-post with my phone number and some minor adjustments to the address. 1 minute later i got an autoreply stating the message was received. 2 minutes later i got a personal message telling they would look into the issue, after total 4 minutes a new e-post told that my account now was updated. which it was. i have never experienced faster support by any company! i have also been wondering when to receive my pono player, but  have been patient waiting for my time to come. i think the information from pono has been sufficient and reliable. as backer 7xxx i did not expect to see it end of october anyhow! wednesday i was lucky and got the e-post telling my player now was shipped. i could follow it to shenzhen to hong kong to dubai (ae) to köln (de) to malmø(se) and then to oslo (no) this morning. 12:45 it was delivered in my small norwegian town, just 2 days after shipment from china and 3-4 hours earlier than expected. once again i am impressed with service and delivery! finally i could see the pono player and test it. and is has exceeded my expectations. not only 2, but 3 tom petty albums in 96khz/24bit and one ny song in 192khz/24bit. and a very nice bamboo box i was not aware was part of the kickstarter deal (just called presentation box). the finish is overall good and much better than feared by reading some comments. the touch display and the interaction is easy to learn and use. and most important; the sound quality are as promised. after listening and testing for some hours i am very satisfied. for those of you who are still waiting, just be patient. pono deliveres!
@jdc he didn't remove cardboard packing on inside top lid yet.
@ john - the second picture looks like the box got wet around the edges?  or is that just the picture?
glasgow kids :) *kiss* kids sounds better :)
jeez, this place is turning unfriendly. glasgow kids, come on graham.!!!!!!!! chill out, one week, two weeks, six weeks........ who really gives a serious damn, their a start up. chill out
recieved my ny le player today, check it out here.  http://imgur.com/gallery/yqn78 i haven't played it yet, i'm going to try and fiddle with loading music first, but i'm very excited to try it out with both my denon ah-d5000's and marantz reciever.
@wc looks like one neil young track from harvest - "there's a world" along with -  crosby, stills & nash -  crosby, stills & nash (1st album, expanded and remastered) crosby, stills & nash - csn 2012
looks great john!  what two albums are on the csn?  enjoy your listening.
mine turned up in texas this afternoon - well packed, and looking good! https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-ygqdedfk92y/vgak06piixi/aaaaaaaaix8/7ty7yqadx9m/s2048/img_1736.jpg https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-vkdezfsg0uw/vgakz1isevi/aaaaaaaaixw/eifwopu4q80/s2048/img_1735.jpg https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-sdxhljgsaj4/vgak0h5yugi/aaaaaaaaix0/8u1cduxdhsa/s2048/img_1742.jpg can't wait to have some quality time listening!
yo graeme cracker.  don't forget your baby bottle and have your mommy tell you a bedtime story.  you sure do have an anger management problem.  maybe your nap will help.
.....and here's a tip @ jodin ravia.... as you can read, don't read my posts...... censor yourself..... not me! in scotland it's time for bed so...... zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
@jodin ravia keep chucking those sticks & stones! it's a lame, cheap shot but hey.......i pledged my money and have the same right as everyone else to post here! i didn't know i had to s*ck up to you and all the pono perfect project bunnies? thankfully i don't. i sense yet another "glasgow kiss"
crazy impatient people. make the thing yourself if you are so smart and it's all so easy. buy a 3d printer and the parts yourself. i find it very unprofessional to litter their comment board with these ridiculous complaints masquerading as bitchy poetry. graeme you claim you run a business? not with that attitude. wait in line buddy, and may i suggest playing some music on some other perfectly capable music player in the meantime. why would you pledge to some kickstarter anyway, just buy a damn fiio from amazon you would have had it 6 mos ago.
it's the region that is the problem. if i log out, i get all the hits in the store.
.... and 10 mins after lodging a formal complaint to kickstarter i get a helpful reply... part of which reads... "thanks for reaching out about this. i absolutely understand your frustration and agree that open communication is an essential part of a respectful creator-backer relationship. can you give me a little bit more information and i'll be happy to look into the situation further for you." we'll see what transpires?......and yip, maybe my pono will get "special last delivery treatment"....... however i cannot simply sit here and not have someone senior from the pono organization deliver an honest update on kickstarter?........ problems are fine, just tell us what is going on and what the re-schedule plan is.
i have a bunch of high res flac files from hdtracks that i have collected for my fiio.  i am copying them (very slowly) over to the pono.  i can see the internal drive and it lets me copy there, but, how do i get files to the sd card?  also, the manual says up to 128 gig cards, has anyone tried that? it seems the software and the player do not like usb 3.0 ports, or i have a flaky port.  this is under windows 8.1.
@jerry i have to agree.... emailing pono direct, specific questions?......it's like talking to a wall!.....polite!......yes....... information no!.......it's like trying to look over the berlin wall!
just received my metallica le player from ups today.  the shipment was a little funny and took an extra day than stated originally in the tracking email.  in talking with ups they said a bulk order comes in and then has to clear customs individually which caused the one-day delay.  hope others get that email, and more importantly, their player soon.
mid november?....... just checking @jasonoffenbacher..... you get to vent on here but you think i shouldn't? let me just clarify exactly where kickstarter fits in this project...... for pono....present the project, gather the money, some updates....problems.....the sound of silence.... then for some reason kickstarter is abandoned in favour of the twilight zone pono forum?......in terms of an important update that is slipped out quietly on there but not here? it's incredible to witness the sheer nerve to abandon the kickstarter regular update format for those who pledged with their money and their heart!...... and whisper on the twilight forum! i didn't sign up or pledge to the forum! hence my formal complaint to kickstatter that over 6,000,000 dollars failed to buy the basic level of any project..... communication! updates! for the backers....... that should be a given! so, take the kickstarter pledge money and taxi for pono!?........ now we'll do it our way! sorry!......i run my own business and deal with clients every single day!......good or bad.....communication is a given! anyone that wishes to defend this non-communication conduct either has their pono or is living on planet pono. dear g@d....... what does it take to post a real update on kickstarter! obviously a monumental amount of effort? sorry, i thought it centred around gathering the accurate info and delivering an honest update....... is it really soooooo much to expect!? kickstarter may well bump my complaint as there is that commission on over 6,000,000 dollars however i ain't venting on a pono supporters private forum.......i pledged on kickstarter! bring on the sticks & stones however being scottish...... i'll warm the bagpipes and start playin' &  marchin'
comiserating and therapy is fine, don't stop if you're doing it for pleasure.  but if you really want to change something you have to complain to them.  they responded to my email.  it took them 5 days or so, but i did get a polite reply.  if emailing is too slow, then call, apparently they answer the phones.  to complain without trying to get them to fix something is just worthless in my opinion.
@jason they don't respond to emails they just send back copy of updates ask them a specific question and you get nothing bla bla bla pono
@ jussi your location may be a problem but it may also depend on what browser you are using.  in the uk i was getting limited hits on artists and albums when using firefox but got full listings when i switched over to internet explorer. try that and see if there is any improvement.
if it's a question of the store being closed, period, even for searches, then i shouldn't be getting any hits — even that single ny album — should i? even the abba search gives me a few hits for similar sounding names; just none for abba.  and as i said earlier, a week ago i got tons of hits. but most likely you are right in that it has to do with me being in a non-us part of the store. apparently, it is ridden with bugs that they haven't got around to fixing yet. let's just hope they do get around to it before the store is meant to open. in a year or so.
glad you find it, @fred.
nevermind, i really am a moron.  i just did not scroll down far enough.
ok, i am a moron.  i have looked all over pono music but can't find where to download the pono music app.  can anyone point me in the right direction?
@jussi i'm guessing sweden is restricted as the store should only be open to us pono recipients and is in beta right now. i pull up tons of neil young and pink floyd
i know you can't really compare a $400 music player to a $45 wallet because of number of sales, manufacturing - but i got an update about a $45 wallet i pledged for and the campaign isn't even over yet.  they've already started to make the wallets and plan to ship when the campaign ends and they have the funds.
@mark, your lucky, myself and others who ordered the yellow and black pono's essentially have no idea when ours are coming.
just spoke with pono.  my ny le player is "in the queue" to ship and she said 1-2 weeks at the latest, but thinks it will arrive soon.  she said they had a delay with customs which is what is holding things up.
i don't get any hits for pink floyd either, i realise ... even searching for neil young only finds me a single album. seems like the search feature is broken. i'm in sweden, btw.
lots of other hd stores out there, no reason you have to buy from pono: http://www.prostudiomasters.com/ https://www.highresaudio.com/ http://www.pristineclassical.com/ http://www.channelclassics.com/ http://www.hdtracks.com/ and the hi-res search engine: http://www.findhdmusic.com/
for the people that have received their players, have any of you listened to high res stuff on a different player before?  a fiio or any of the others?  how does the sound compare?
just did a search and see pages of abba albums. where are you located? i'm in the us.
@jason we realize this, it's more like group therapy when we moan on here :)
funny ... a week ago, i searched the pono music store for abba albums. i found several -- the search gave a hit for "abba" as artist, countless tracks, and a handful of albums. but since a few days back, they're just gone. no hit for the artist name, and not a single abba track or album. wonder what's going on here?
i hope people realize that complaining on this page is like yelling at the tv, no one from pono is going to hear you.  they sent it out in one of the update emails, they no longer monitor the kickstarter page, they have ponomusic.com for everything.  if you're so pissed off and spun up about these things, then stop wasting your rant here and send your complaints to pono directly.  if you're legitimately pissed and not just whining/moaning, then bitch to pono's support team.  you do realize that most companies respond and make changes when the angry villagers with the torches and pitchforks come screaming at them?  but if the angry villagers spend all their time yelling at a wall, the company won't hear about it and won't do anything.  stop wasting time with all this whiny negativity and flood pono's support inbox with your woes.  things would change.
@tang kin fai  now sure they have bad business sense you will be surprised how much money they will make they already made about 14 million how long they will last is more the question and at those prices who knows i just hope they shop my pono before the padlock comes.
@brian tartell actually it may not be that big of a deal you should try to put some of your mp3 files on it and let them play you might be surprised. with all the other bs about the player you may find it makes them sound better and not have to waste your money buying the hi def tunes. at least it's worth a try. if what they have been saying about all the high tech stuff they put in this thing it should even make an old scratch mp3 of niel sound good. you know like smoke and mirrors. it's all about the money man always has been “i think when you make a deal, you’ve got to stick to the deal that you have made. if you are going to change the deal, you have got to talk to the people you made a deal with and change it.” bla bla bla pono
hmmm i am also an early bird 100 backer and haven´t heard anything from my player. ponomusic-website states my order is "order submitted"... all my contact details are valid and filled in. seems i am only a "bird" and not "early"...
why is the pono store even selling music at that quality?  if i want to buy mp3 quality music, i'm going to itunes.  i'm not using the pono music store for that. i backed the pono for hd music.  i will only be putting hd music on it.  i have my 128 gb iphone for everything else.  as such, i'm only interested in the pono music store as a place to purchase hd music.  don't waste our time with regular quality mp3s.
those prices are crazy, you can get the wall remastered in cd for less than $20.  i cant believe they have so much cd quality stuff, but i guess that is all the record company is giving them, we know the amount of hi rez pink floyd stuff is limited   to dark side, wish you were here and the division bell. but my view is if they aren't offering up better than what can be got at the local record store (at a cheaper price) what is the value of the store?  for thee long awaited day that the record company gives them a higher rez version and they give it to you for free?
i agree. in order to survive, the store should at least offer hd songs priced lower than others. at least give some incentives to pono player owners . neil may be a great musician, but i think his team may have a bad business sense
@creator i see you are backing that project for the ditto great project and hoping it makes it's funding. but how about paying attention to this project and get our ponos delivered bla bla bla pono
they want $24 for a cd version of pink floyd - the wall, absolutely insane. maybe we should start a pool to see how long they'll last... at these prices i give it 6 months.
where is my player? i was an early bird first 100 ??? wtf
@ todd they are crazy prices. especially for a digital version of a cd which you could go to your local music shop and buy much cheaper and have the physical disc as well. the pono store won't survive at those prices.
@jerry you may be right. their prices are so outta wack it's not even funny... i may feel sorry for the people who bought the players now to ship in march-may because pono may not even last that long if they think people will pay $35.99 for a hi-res rolling stones album... shame on their greed!
@todd wilson its all about the money nothing else counts profit margins and money, nothing new soon they will likely announce an ipo is my bet. 1. 2. 3. 4. bla bla bla pono
have others noticed the music at the ponomusic store is incredibly crazy overpriced, on average 20-30% more than hdtracks or acousticsounds for the same quality files. pono wants $35.99 for the "rolling stones - let it bleed" and $29.98 for "beck - mutations" to give some examples. also, right now the store is around 90% 16/44.1 files... i hate to be negative as i was really looking forward to pono, but if this is their pricing model, it is doomed to fail... at least the player sounds good.
oh ya i forgot bla bla bla pono
@creator when you get over willies party hangover can you please resign and get a real ceo to run pono music company. a little customer service and a little less form letters would goa long way. “i think when you make a deal, you’ve got to stick to the deal that you have made. if you are going to change the deal, you have got to talk to the people you made a deal with and change it.”
@creator, when you share your glitches ... we can sympathize !  when you hide yore yonder glitches ! we can criticize !!! r u pono ! or pinocchio ? & people do we really need all of this mothering backslapping happy talk from the 45 year old heavy living in mama's basement - not precious - just annoying look at my avatar all over the page - ain't it cool / aaaaaa no ... rock n troll !!!
listened to my new pono today. the sound thru cans and stereo, great. as o'boogie, far surpassed my expectations. the sound is crystal clean. this unit looks great. i can't believe the sound thru my home stereo. once again, very impressive. thanks neil, ayre, members here, and on pono site. also, thanks to entire pono team.
typos again o'b?
christ! the typos are all over the place there. i'm sleepy. let's try that again: @clark, that's a great review. the sound really is beautiful. are the ui an device itself perfect? no. is the sound perfect. pretty much. :-)
siltech, i'm glad you finally got your pono! i hope mine comes soon as well. take care! john
@clark, that's a great review. the sounds really is beautiful. is the ui and device itself perfect? no. is the sound perfect? pretty much. :-)
extra charge aside (57.34 for me), this player delivers! beautiful sound, shivers kinda sound. haven't been able to listen at higher volume comfortably since, oh - long ago!!! kinda unbelievable. glad critics don't make my decisions. all should be happy with end sound!
do you about the fact as follows? >the players are being shipped now through the end of december. you will receive an email notification from ups with a tracking number when your order has been shipped. at least, the shipping term of the jackson brown model has been extended by end of this year without providing any convenient reason and apologize. did someone let neil young know about this pono music team behavior and situation? if you let him know, please add the fact of the bundled musics are normal resolution file not hi-rez. thanks.
wow that is a hefty sum! that makes the gst (goods & sales tax) of 7% looks like a small change. i was hit wwith sgd45 (approx. 30usd) when ups delivered the pono
i live in canada. so i get my pono but got hit with a $95.13 cod for duty and taxes. was not expecting this as my sansaire did not have those extra charges. was not too happy with the unexpected extra charge. had i known, i would have shipped it to the usa instead. :( that is an option for me, but that knowledge would have been much better. instead now my pono is $500. they should offer the canadians something to make up for it, like a credit :/
@brian 100% agree, most folks are reasonable. but a bit of info would be good. the way things stand i could have my pono tomorrow or for christmas morning, bit of a lottery
@ brian completely agree
i know that delays happen, things go wrong, plans can fall apart.  believe me, i get it, and i'm not mad or upset with the pono folks that production and delivery isn't going as quickly as they would like. however, the stunning lack of information or updates is inexcusable.  if you know that production is delayed, let us know, but more importantly, let us know what the revised schedule is.  if my october pono won't be delivered until january, fine -- just let me know. this comments section is a clusterbleep of rumors, conjecture, and anger.  and there's absolutely no reason it should be like that. doesn't pono have an online community manager of some sort?  someone to provide their backers with these updates that we're asking for?  if not, they desperately need to hire one.  if so, they desperately need a new online community manager.
got no promises either david, only that they are working hard. patience is a virtue i suppose, really thought i would have been listening to my pono by now though being an early backer
i talked to the nice, friendly people monday and tuesday...they were nice and friendly and responded quickly but... im still not clear on when this things coming and theres been no real forward progress that i can see, three weeks into when i was relatively expecting delivery. nice and friendly team though
just rang pono hardware support, gave them my phone number to hopefully speed up the process. got talking to a really nice, friendly girl. pono support rates pretty good, only on hold two minutes and nice, helpful person on the other end
i believe the green console is tubed.
@jason, thanks for the info, will check out the green console!
some times i order sacd disc from acoustic sounds, and there in the usa. i order them with regular mall, and are shipped to canada. sometimes i receive them without taxes or duty, and sometimes i'm charge the duty and taxes. it appears to be luck of the draw.
the sony nwz a17 is $299.99 us and $299.99 cdn. no duty on mp3 players in canada as far as i could tell. ups is gouging non americans because they can. pono is looking extremely amateurish as a start up. they would have been smarter to use the less gouging, but slower postal services. i ordered and received rbh earbuds from utah (or china who knows anymore) no tax or duty, regular mail.
@r. james mckinlay you may be able to fight ups to get some of that cash back if some of that charge was for brokerage. i've done it with other ups shipments shipping to me in canada; since ups didn't offer me a chance to clear the package myself, they refunded the brokerage. it's basically a ups scam. here's some interesting reading about ups brokerage fees in canada here that may help you: http://trueler.com/2010/09/13/ups-brokerage-fees-total-scam-fraud-cheating-avoid-it/ cheers,
psychedelic pill was recorded on the famous "green console", that probably also contributes to the sound
@a.m. thanks alot.
@james pitt you have to pay the taxes now, since they haven't been payed. the remainder is duty.
i received my pono today and i live in canada. my amount from customs was $95.93. i suppose this was for cnd taxes, and duty.
congrats!! you love it! i like the psych pill album on the nych especially! they seem to be recorded very well in high resolution, and sound great on the pono!
i just received my pono ny&ch le from ups.
any other canadians receive an e-mail. $100.00 is 1/4  of the overall price. that's a lot. that sony is looking like a very good deal right now.
@o'boogie thanks for the answers! much appreciated.
@matthew, yes, several from the uk have received their players. @r. james, you have to pay import duties on stuff you import. people in france, england, et al have had to pay it, too.
has anyone from the uk recieved their player? i'm still waiting for a signature series.
just got word from ups that i owe them $100 for my pono shipment here in canada. ouch! was not expecting that.
@tobias  arcade fire le has the suburbs and reflektor.
it's 14th nov, 2015.
anyone know what albums come on the arcade fire le?
have they ever posted in the comments are, the creators?
i've got mine!!!! it's perfect! thank you very mach
since nobody has got a standard pono yet i think it's time for an explanatory update. your yellow pono is your 'poster' model, yet no-one has got one yet. that's just odd. you get better updates on kickstarter backing a $20 wallet. brand confidence is lacking here.
flying to montenegro on the 26th of november for a holiday, please mr pono can i have my pearl jam le pono by then?  time to ring american i think
yeah, so it looks like it doesn't support dsd right away, but as jerry said (quoted?), it was promised that it will be supported for playback in an updated firmware... so when do you think we'll receive normal black/yellow models? anyone received one yet?
im never going to get my black pono
@kinch @tang kin fai and the initial sample was for a couple of songs not one but then they have exaggerated the specs and commitments quite a few times. hopefully it will be enjoyed. bla bla bla pono @chris tashjian: unfortunately not. the sampler won't be on all ponos. but we will have a couple of nice tracks on the yellow and black players, at least one from neil, so you can enjoy hi-res music right out of the box. apr 9 2014 on update #22: important info about the stretch run of our kickstarter from the project pono music - where your soul rediscovers music.
@kinch oh was it? thanks for clarification!
@tang kin fai: the initial deal was for two of the artist's favourite albums.
@jerry i got the norah jones le. there is only one of neil's song (harvest) on the player itself. initial promise was 1 of nj's album. when it was delivered, i found 2 albums in the sd card, which to me is already a bonus.
@tang kin fai this is what they said back in april also some talk about needing a special drive i think like a play station drive but could not find that comment.. keep in mind they have changed thier story some they also said we would get several songs on each pono and i am hearing now it's only on of neil's songs bla bla bla pono @michael mcconnell ponoplayer will support dsd playback if not right away, via a firmware upgrade shortly after launch. as far as dsd being the super audio format, some in the hi-res audio world may disagree. our store will only sell flac however, even though we'll support dsd playback. apr 7 2014 on pono music - where your soul rediscovers music.
@silver yes. already ripped them. alac works. however, the dsd files are in wave format, i expected them to work but pono can't recognise them though. maybe the files are too big (300mb-1gb each). let me experiment a bit
my mistake, sorry man.details specs general music formats	flac, alac, wav, aiff, aac (unprotected), mp3 music resolution	lossless playback at up to 192khz/24-bit storage	128 gb total - 64gb flash memory plus sandisk 64gb microsd card included expansion slot	supports microsd cards of up to 64gb digital-to-analog convertor	ess es9018m dac battery	large 2900mah li-ion rechargeable for up to 8 hours of playback time charger	ac universal adapter (100 - 240 vac) usb cable	usb-to-micro usb cable screen	2.5 inch color touchscreen audio output	two 1/8 inch (3.5 mm) jacks, supports four listening modes weight	4.6 ounces (130 grams) dimensions	5 x 2 x 1 inches (13 x 5 x 2.5 cm) ebay ....   what took so long?
@tang kin fai not sure that dsd will work that typically is for sacd but then you say that your files are alac which is what apple uses so did you already rip them? of course the software they say you will get is supposedly made by jriver it should rip them but as neil is so secretive with information it's anyone's guess. good luck bla bla bla pono
@jerry thanks.... am going to try dsd and see if it plays. will update here
@siltech all my files are in alac and pono plays all of them including album arts etc (i ripped all my cds using itunes to alac format). in fact they did include alac in their list all the while from the start, if not it will take a while for me to re-rip my cds. check the specs of the player and you can see it: https://ponomusic.force.com/ccrz__productdetails…
@tang kin fai don't believe some people on this on the front page in the faq section it clearly says this the ponoplayer is designed to play ponomusic with stunning clarity. however, the player can play almost any kind of music track including flac, alac, mp3, wav, aiff, aac (unprotected). while pono player may have lots of limitations it will play almost anything you load into it according to the info they have posted bla bla bla pono
@tang kin fai according to pono specs, will only play flac files.
thanks tang
@siltech yeah i noticed. stick to alac or flac will do i suppose. i suggest listen to pono first before getting portable amp. i have the amp with me cause i used to pair it with iphone 4, before i got the dx50.
portable amp budget?
@tang kin fai you mentioned dsd,. i believe, pono won't support dsd.
@tang kin fai many thanks for sharing your experience with the player. i've already started looking for portable amps. if anyone has a favorite please share your opinion. (trying to keep it constructive here to bear the wait;)
@tang kin fai i really enjoyed reading your experience with the pono player. i'm suppose to be getting mine tomorrow. i'm thinking i'll experience  something like you did. on home system, may differ slightly with different amp, preamp, cables, speakers, quality of ac power, and acoustics. also, your source material quality. i think i'll be very happy with the pono player, especially for the money.
@ leonard i hear you... you'd think they would've shipped all u.s. players by now since all the crap the customs and tax postage owed for international backers.
@daniel if you are looking for a sound (no pun intended) review of pono, you may not find one at the moment. as far as i 'hear', after listening on it for a week, i safely say that it won't disappoint as it has a 'warm' overall sound, probably due to the 'larger' electronic parts that neil & co. mentioned. technically, it makes your songs/music sounds better, than, say iphones (i do not have any other un-amp-ed players other than iphone) however, one must understand this: we should treat pono as a source player imho. if you are listening directly to it, it sounds really good and probably better than a lot of products out there. but if you are comparing to dedicated 'audiophile grade' players, it will not be comparable. so, the comparison is like comparing apple with orange. pono suffers from sound stage (the depth and width of the musical stage/footprint) just like any other non-audiophile players. this is evident when one is listening to concert or live recordings. but when one connects an headphone amp to pono, the setting gets very close if not as good as dedicated audiophile players. my direct comparison is ibasso dx50 with pono connected to vozuge pure amp. by using the same pairs of in ear monitors, and the same alec files, they are comparable. so if you are an audiophile (or you think you are), then pono alone may not satisfy your thirst of eargasm. but if you just want to listen to good music and want something that sounds better than the so-called mp3 players, pono will definitely be a great addition to your arsenal. another factor to better listening experience is the music source file. forget mp3 format as  you will lose a lot of details. go for alec or flac format, if possible, go for dsd (the files may be too huge for this one, may go up to 1gb per song). for a true audiophile review (if they ever have it as this forum has too many proud audiophiles thinking pono is not up to their mark), you can try here but i warn you, they are just too proud: http://www.head-fi.org/t/629454/pono-neil-youngs-portable-hi-res-music-player for those who want to try out really hd music, you can go to the link below, they have different formats and bit rates, and some samples for you to try on: http://www.24bit96.com/24bit96khz-download-sites/hd-music-download.html
where is my pono???? and poster?? come on man, you guys are raising my anxiety and pot usage! send it, please!
anybody know of a good review of the pono player? google searches are not doing it for me...
first impressions of my nlch le after about 7 hours of playing: pretty good!  the neil young song is 'there's a world' from harvest. 96/24. i also have ripped a harvest cd into flac 44.1/16. can i tell the difference between the  files ?  er.. no actually but they both sound really good. remember that the pono has to be played in so that should change. i had a few issues with the pono website but ' if all else fails read the instructions' and i managed to sort it out. i use a mac which is quite annoying for ripping as itunes keeps popping up. to remove an album off the pono open the pono icon on the desktop and remove from there. to import from the library, plug in the pono, turn on , tools , import. the pono asks 'music transfer mode. load music ? yes. don't click done yet. the pms will then have a transfer option where you can drag and drop any new albums from library. otherwise it doesn't seem to recognise the pono. currently listening to southern man - loud but no sore mp3 ears !
@creator will you please update the status. like why is pono deliveries late? well i was out playing concert with willie nelson and forgot hamm was gone gee was i suposed to do something. what was the quality issue that caused the ponos to be reworked. well you know how those parties with willie go was something wrong with the ponos hamm didn't tell us about what to do when that happens are you sure they were screwed up. why was wooden ships missing from the csny pono. well that cosby guy always sings that one out of tune so i told them to skip it. at least with explanations like that we would know what to expect next from you. have a nice day bla bla bla pono
@ tang acting like an adult has no merit anymore... adults are worse than any children, species, disease or natural disaster. so don't refer that to a better behaved human being. we all know history and modern day has shown otherwise...adults screwed this up w/ pono backers did they not??
aaaaaawwwww @toomanycooks if only it was funny...... but your photo?....... print a serial number on it cos they must be looking for you! lol look out the window and you'll see the flashin' lights and hear the sirens..... they have found you! as i say......the glasgow kiss!....... texas boy must know about it?
tis the season to be jolly :-)
no diatribes here, but i am bummed that folks who were supposed to get their player in december already have them while my order on march 12, 2014 remains unfilled.
@graeme cool it man. i understand your frustration. but please act like an adult and since you are talking about respect, respect yourself and others. regards.
graeme p is a crybaby.  time for your nap.
me? i ended up getting 457 i think. i kept changing my pledge at the very end. i live in new hampshire and received the shipping notice sunday.
just for giggles, when did you place your order?
received my tom petty le pono today. just need to find a decent set of headphones. very happy to have received the unit.
@jasono...... free speech is fine by me.....i've had mine!....... you've had yours! as you've filed the respectful & considerate aspect of the forum......take your personal comments directed at me and shove them where the sun don't shine..... or hey?....... when you bend over?......is that a bright light i can see shining!..... maybe not there? go figure......doh! just the 1? project backed...... and you own kickstarter?! double doh! i can't respond to you further jo as in glasgow the way we deal with this type of thing is the glasgow kiss!........ go look it up!    lol
@graeme quit your bitching, its redundant and sounding like a skipping record.  if you want to keep whining about the pono and glorifying other devices then go talk it up on their forums.  you aren't converting anyone here and you aren't solving any problems.  take your long winded woe-is-me diatribes somewhere else.
i made my pono kickstarter pledge on day 2, but that doesn't mean a thing. pono customer service told me there is no order in who is getting there player first, completely random.  and to add to my shipping frustration, the pono player doesn't support gapless playback, wtf... my old 5.5 gen ipod with rockbox can play 24/96 files with no gaps.
thanks o'boogie! can't wait!
anyone receive a foo fighter pono yet?
enjoy it, @mike!
just received my email. my le metallica pono left shenzen this morning and is in london this evening. i just need to settle the customs and clearing charges tomorrow.
such a shame..... such a shambles..... ........ and no apology? simply doesn't deserve to succeed.... if this is how the undelivered kickstarters are being treated? ......... g@d only knows how it will work retail? this is a retail operation?....... isn't it?! thank goodness sony didn't let me down....... playing my newly delivered zx1....... bought sunday, amazon delivered yesterday! plugged into my beyerdynamic and amazed at detail, warmth, depth.......steely dan, aja.....wow!.......supertramp......stonking!........ bad company.....smoking! frank ocean, corinne bailey rae, miles davis, thelonious monk, agnes obel, maggie macinnes, jerry burns....... new depth, detail, warmth..... also, plugged into marantz stack, audio pro all room one and consolette......sweet! my view......the waiting is over not because pono delivered..... because i decided not just to sit in a corner and be grateful when the pono powers decided to grace us with a real update! amazon, sony!....... nice one! cheers for not letting me down! pono?......no excuse for lack of communication!....... it took 10 years to get bin laden and they managed to tell us within hours!........ pono delays?......nope!...... no real info.....rumor....conjecture...... and then a 3rd party update that seems to confirm what we were guessing.......but why did we have to guess?! 13 millions dollars and a dime's worth of customer communication! it just kills the whole concept of we're pono....support us!......yip....i did....along with so many others.....but hey.....i'm standing at the side of the road thumbing for a lift and no one is coming!........ rich guys getting way richer! here's hoping i meet neil & co one day and they can tell me why no one took control and delivered the real updates......it just wasn't a lot to ask.....you're not apple.....however i'm not sh*t at the side of the road....... you took my money!...... was it too much to expect   r e s p e c t! .......there!.......free lyrics for a free pono song " you took my money..... was it too much to expect r e s p e c t".
@nic. i agree. listening to it in 5.1 96/24 is amazing. of course they are my all time favorite band. but glad they were able to put one more together. hope this will be available on the pono site.
so i successfully purchased and added some albums to my new toy and it went surprisingly smooth!  now i need to find out how to add specifically to the sd card instead of the hard disk.  speaking of, has anyone added the pre-loaded albums into their in-app "library"?  mine do not show up there yet, and i can't seem to find the access point to the sd card from the ponomusic world application. @mark, the endless river has exceeded all my expectations.  and they were already pretty high...
"their best album in 20 years" i see what you did there.
now for something completely different...pink floyd. the endless river. their best album in 20 years... (obtw...can't wait for my eagles pono!!!)
@steven, as backer #249 i pledged the neil young le player.  no idea which number it is in the series of 500, but i imagine as backer #231 for black player yours is in a separate batch.
@josh, great news! glad to hear it.
i just called pono and they were very nice and got my address changed if anybody else has this issue or cares. rock on pono!
@jussi, you do understand that some units are les and some are yellow and black? they can't just replace one with the other. @fred, banga and horses are the two albums included on the micro sd card with the patti smith le.
@ allen haberberg you might find that you have 3! check out the contents of the micro-sd card that came in your box.
just got my pono. minus tom petty's two favorite albums. is that because tom doesn't have two favorites? or is he just a heartbreaker?
just reading @manoko's forwarded update - “by the way, the combination of all these factors have also caused headaches for our support team. we are also investigating all the complaints about support being late responding to support requests. we'll make sure to get that sorted out asap.” i see. however, why i have to search for such information in the kickstarter comments section remains a mystery to me. good luck with resolving the issues, pono.
my patti smith le is on the way, delivery tomorrow.  does anyone know which two albums are on it? i have been comparing the pono music store vs. hdtracks.  i've bought a bunch of stuff for my fiio x3 at hdtracks.  pono has more stuff but a lot of it is cd quality, not high resolution stuff.  for the high res stuff they seem to be about equal from what i've seen.  the prices are a mixed bag, with either one having a better price.  hdtracks does send me coupon codes on occasion that may give them the edge. any suggestions on earbuds?  i have a wide selection, i most often listen using my shure 315s or westone um-2.  something in the $300 and under price range.  i mainly listen to rock with some jazz and other assorted stuff.
@jason offenbacher have you pledged for a le or a regular player? i'm #231, black player and have not even had a reply from pono support in 10 days. nothing but confirmation emails that 2 support tickets have been opened. now imagine pono had only just met their $800,000 goal.
> "about 4k units in the original october production required a rework due to > a quality issue. while we were reworking these october units, the main > assembly continued production of the remaining units. as a result a few > december units made inventory before all october units passed all quality > checks" say ... what? october units are actually different products from december units, and somehow come off a different line that needs to be kept in a separate inventory and a separate queue? or what? or why else couldn't the "december units" that made inventory just be placed in the ordinary fulfillment queue and shipped off to october backers, to be replaced by the reworked units as and when they came into inventory?
about time for backer update no. 50 i think
@creator got some nice red speakers and now got this amp when will pono show up to play some tunes
contacted ups. they can't change the delivery address from my end. needs to be done by the sender. i've emailed support@pono twice about this and only got automated response. is there a # i can call to talk to a person? my only other hope is that i live in a small town and the ups guy may track me down.
@toomanycooks time to take your meds jerry. are you a doctor what what do you know about my medicine?
a+.   toomany
@josh, http://www.ups.com/content/us/en/resources/sri/ship_box.html
call ups support
received email saying my metallica pono is being shipped. kickstarter had my po box in for delivery. i updated my shipping address in the pono site and emailed it to support. it looks like ups will be delivering it to the po. box address. i tried to change it in ups site but its not working. anyone know if ups can deliver to po boxes?
10-4
radio shack?
time to take your meds jerry.
@creator with the major quality issue and early backers likely not getting the pono until next year will we be able to get on of those signed excuse certificates from niel
@ brian i don't understand why pono would allow thousands of backers for "oct. delivery" and then dec. delivery being completely unorganized knowing they had no way to meet those target months excluding les.  my pledge # is in the thousands too and you're right. reading how production works or lack thereof, we might get them by the time the general public preordered theirs for q1 2015
1. 2. 3. 4.
almost everything i search in pono music store, shows only 44.1kh/16bit. anyway of quick search of higher rez music.
@jason offenbacher. are you getting an le model or plain black or yellow?
so as backer #5,000 something, when should i expect my pono?  january-ish?
i'm backer #249, just got a notification today of my pono shipping from shenzen china and the scheduled delivery is thursday.  they're keeping to their mid-november promise of the the early pledges.  the rumors were just rumors.
glad you got your ny ch le, rocky mountain way.   hopefully i'll be getting mine soon.  if not, december is just around the corner.
@ryan mcfarland @ jerry  what was the initial delay?  shirts and posters and ponos all three went out late three strikes did they think oh it's oct. now better start production? not sure they do any thinking other than keeping hours down that's what that update tells me below. it tells me they are over there heads all this happened recently or the last 6 months? they been missing for many months nothing neww when it should of been cleared up by now.  so now it's a delay after delay after another delay...� and even worse deliveries due in december going out before the october ones to bad hamm left he might have  got it right but we will never know. bla bla bla pono
nych le just arrived ! not only a month early but also with the 'prohibited' bamboo box. couldn't be happier. the neil young track is ' there's a world' from harvest
so i got that email confirmation too (expected delivery on thursday the 11th), and within that email  it says "as a kickstarter supporter, if you purchase ponomusic and files that are higher resolution become available then you will be eligible to receive free upgrades for life, because we greatly appreciate your support". i wonder how many tracks or how often one should purchase their hd tracks in order to qualify for the free upgrades for life.
thru amp
@manoko i hope you get yours soon. i'll give my sound quality impressions soon. first will be thru cans, and then my new pass labs amp. very excited now.
@siltech make sure to tell us your impressions on the sound quality. :)
my ups email says my arrival date is  thursday november 13. now i'm getting excited.
the events leading to december ponos being delivered before october ones is quite hard to swallow though. it's just extremely unfair... that said, i'm happy for december backers that had this nice surprise. it's just too bad that, seeing how manufacturing works, it effectively delays the delivery of yellow and black october ponos.
i received email saying my pono ny&ch le has been shipped. they said it should arrive shortly. they gave me a order and shipping number.
looks like if the december ponos have already been made they're going to go ahead and ship them.  my mom pledged for a ny & ch pono and got a shipping confirmation email about an hour ago for thursday delivery.  meanwhile i'm waiting for my oct. pj pono still.
of, not bf
gordon, they aren't being sent in order pf backing. les are going out first. there was an issue with 4,000 players that had to be remedied. they are shipping as quickly as they can. if you want to check the status of your order, you can head to ponomusic.force.com and log in with the information they sent several months ago.
thanks @rick, that makes sense.  i was just surprised that the album from 1975 was 88/24 and the album from 1998 was 44/16.  seemed counter-intuitive.  here's to hoping the pono revolution will encourage the creation of more hd remasters from tape.  maybe get mofi involved haha
so is there a way to check on were things are at this point? i am #86 on the early bird 100 and i still have not received any emails for about a month. why is that?
@nicolas. the albums were chosen by the artists, if they were recorded in 44.1 16bit, then unfortunately that is the best master you will get in the player. many were mastered at that level in the late 80's, early 90's unfortunately.
where are you pedram........
i'm loving the player, but i noticed that one of my two pre-loaded albums is only 44/16.  this is cd quality.  i understand that there are a lot of albums in the pono store that are only 44/16, and they are appropriately labelled as not hd before you purchase.  that's all well and good, but why give me an album that does not benefit from the very thing it is intended to demonstrate?
@chris dickerson it's from the ponomusic community website. a moderator there shared that message, stating that it was from pedram.
pretty good update from pono. filled in a lot of information gaps. those of you who think sony is perfect check into the ps4 defect rate when introduced.
@manoko, where was that message from @pedram posted?  that's the most (and best) information i've seen here or on the pono website.  thanks for sharing it.
@heikki glad you found them. give us a write up of your thought after some hours of listening. it gets better and opens up with break in time. enjoy!!
thanks @rick canedo. i didn't even think of that but probably should have haha. i just turned it on and was excited to listen. haven't even taken the rest out of the box.  cheer!
the rogistics  team in pono seem to be very poor skils. i am going to forget about this device until i receive this because mid, nov is this weekend.. thinking about the shipping is bad for my mental condition. manoko,s comment made me calm a little. thanks!
@heikki the albums are loaded on the sd card. look for that in the box.
the ups man just dropped off my tom petty pono player and there are no albums on in, just one neil young song.  anyone else have this problem?  i have emailed pono, have to wait to see what they say.
@ jerry what was the initial delay? did they think oh it's oct. now better start production? that's what that update tells me below. all this happened recently or the last 6 months? when it should of been cleared up by now. so now it's a delay after delay after another delay...�
@gerald @wc you're welcome ! :-)
i already get my le ponoplayer , and find it can support sony's new headphone such like mdr-z7 and xba-z5 , but the drive power is less then sony's pha-3
*kickstarter
thanks @ manoko.  it would be nice if @pedram would explain to us all here on the kickstaeter site.
never have i waited so eagerly for an e mail
ebay
@creator 30 percent defective that had to be reworked yikes can you elaborate on the issue so we know you got them all
@creator 30 percent defective that had to be reworked yikes
transfer of songs from library to pono was a doddle now that i'm calmed down.  listening to duke and rabbit right now performing back to back while waiting for a train into the big smoke to get some decent earbuds.
@manoko thanks. that's a fairly comprehensive breakdown, and the best explanation i've seen.
@gerald mcwilliams i don't think so. there was a problem with their production, here i'll copy paste the entire message from pedram: "just finished investigating what happened. what has resulted in shipment of some december units before october is due to a multitude of reasons but we've put a stop to it. we won't ship any more december units until all october units with valid addresses have been shipped. here are the reasons for the mishap: - about 4k units in the original october production required a rework due to a quality issue. while we were reworking these october units, the main assembly continued production of the remaining units. as a result a few december units made inventory before all october units passed all quality checks. - once we started to submit delivery orders to manufacturer, we quickly realized that a lot of the shipping addresses needed to be cleaned up and normalized to meet all ups's strict validation rules. we've spent the last week cleaning up about 80% of the 15k addresses so they now meet the requirements. the remaining 20% we plan to use a third party service to clean up. we hope that we'll get to 95% valid rate and then reach out to the remaining backers to obtain correct shipping addresses. - ups will not ship without a phone number that they can call in case they cannot locate the address. since we never asked for a phone number in our kickstarter questionnaires, we still have many addresses without a valid local phone number for ups. we had planned to use the pono 800 number for the addresses without a phone. but ups rejected the 800 number for international addresses. so now we need to reach out to international backers and obtain their phone numbers. - our logistics team notified us that many international countries do not allow importing any bamboo products. we had to put all these units on hold until we have a replacement cardboard box ready. - our logistics team also notified us that many international countries have some onerous taxes that must be paid for the players to clear customs. so we launch an outreach program to our backers from these countries to notify them of this fact. the combination of all these factors made it very challenging to stick with the original production and shipment schedule. but we're doing our best to make sure you all receive your players with the highest quality and as close to the promised dates as possible. by the way, the combination of all these factors have also caused headaches for our support team. we are also investigating all the complaints about support being late responding to support requests. we'll make sure to get that sorted out asap. as always we appreciate your patience and support."
has anybody received a non le pono yet? anybody?
ups are horrible to deal with. they have the most appalling customer service from my experience.
@shinji a full address and a local telephone number, is what ups require, before they will accept a package for delivery. pono chose ups, as secure and reliable. part of that reliability comes from them requiring all the correct details, to be sure they can deliver before they accept the package.
"drirfting back", the penny just dropped, it is what neil has been saying for a very long time. we have come to far from what music was meant to be and into the void of crap recordings..
i received this today. "hi shinji, please email this information to us at support@ponomusic.com in order to avoid delays in shipment. thanks." i think this is a trip by the pono team to escape from the responsibility of shipping delay. anyway, i can not get what info they want from this email.
@tucker "everybody knows this is nowhere."
what albums are on the nych? i gather psychedelic pill is one but what's the other?
@a.m. van der weiden i just wish i were a lot younger and had all my hearing....but this old guy is jammin right about now.
lots of listening pleasure i meant to say.... spellcheck changed that to a difficult dutch word.......
i received my ny le pono today. i knew you folks would come through and deliver a fantastic product born from the uncommon vision of a genius and his team.
@dennis, doing the same right now! the psych pill album songs sound great on the pono! i especially like psychedelic pill (song) a lot, great effects! also ofcourse nice long songs on the album, lots of kosteninflatie pleasure
listening to my nych pono player using momentum headphones.....i must have died and gone to heaven. music the way it was always meant to be.
any irish backers receive their pono? i know they have reached england
me too
@siltech, it made me laugh. :-)
@o'boogie you like that?   ha ha
i'm confused. i just got my nych which was due in dec., and still have not received my ny which was due in oct. anyone?
darn ebay prices keep dropping below 500
@siltech, ha!
my ny&ch was sent from china on saturday, received by me today in holland, two day shipping! and very early delivery, (was supposed to get here in december) so very happy! the player looks awesome too!
boom! you're learning. you changed your pic. good job!
still waiting for mine. yada, yada, yada, pono.
my dad's pj pono arrived today in central ohio without any prior notification.
ebay
wow i just got a email from the creators they sure are on the ball. it says nothing the ponomusic team says: hi jerry, please see our latest update on shipping: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1003614822/ponomusic-where-your-soul-rediscovers-music/posts/1043103 for further questions about your order, please contact support@ponomusic.com
yep, my ny&ch has left the factory today! seems pono is stepping up the pace and has even started shipping the december le's. receiving 2 pono's before mid november... i'm making a deep bow for them!
wake me up ! i must be dreaming ! i am getting a nych le delivery december. but wait. there's more. i have an e-mail saying my pono will be sent in a few days. sedan delivery ! woohoo!
@a.m. van der weiden, dan moet ik ook even gaan opletten op m'n andere account! ik rekende echt pas op december. enjoy!!!
@siltech, apparently ny&ch has been delivered to a fellow dutchman today (see comment below this one), so your agony might last shorter than expected...
@ tijn, ja, idd geluk, meestal heb ik dat niet met dit soort dingen... dus valt mee! ja echt de ny&ch limited edition! en hij ziet er erg mooi uit! moet hem nog aanzetten vanavond! ik had al gedacht dat ie op tijd zou komen, als ze toch met le bezig zijn, kunnen ze de machines maar beter even door laten draaien dan dat proces volgende maand weer op te starten! ik ben heel blij! laat mij even weten als ie bij jou ook binnen is! groeten uit alkmaar!
@a.m. van der heijden, gefeliciteerd! bizar hoe de douane kennelijk steekproefsgewijs te werk gaat. naja, ik had al op de kosten gerekend en gun jou je meevallertje natuurlijk! maar je zegt dat je de ny&ch hebt ontvangen? die komt toch pas in december (heb ik nl ook in bestelling)? geniet in elk geval van je eerste pono kennismaking!
here is my thoughts on the pono player after having it for 3days. i received my player, a tom petty limited edition #58 of 495, thursday, november 6. it was held up in customs in louisville, ky 3 days. no big deal, but i was really wanting to get it. the workmanship is very good, the case is nice and the presentation box is also done well. i was surprised to find that the micro sd card not only had the two advertised albums, hypnotic eye and wildflowers, it also had damn the torpedoes. but i’m guessing what most people want to know is how good does it perform. my first listen was with a set of earbuds that came with an iphone 6 and the player does sound amazing. i then tried a listen with my home stereo (nothing fancy – a pioneer receiver/amp about 15 years old with cerwin-vega 3-way speakers.  it was better than vinyl.  this is where the pono really lets you know you have not been hearing all you should have.  i also tried it in my car, it sounds good there, but not as good as home or with the earbuds. i do a lot of listening in my vehicle so i did some comparisons between cd quality (44.1 khz/16 bit), hi-res (96 khz/24 bit) and mp3 (22 khz/16 bit) in the car.  i could definitely tell the mp3 from the cd and the hi-res, but in the car it was difficult for me to tell much difference between the cd and the hi-res. on the home stereo there was a noticeable difference between the cd and the hi-res. bottom line for me is i am going to rip all my cd’s (approximately 2500) into 44.1 khz/16 flac  files and maybe buy a handful of my favorite albums in hi-res. now for the pono firmware. i know it is a new product and the bugs will get worked out.  i have a problem with getting my computer to see the built-in memory and the sd card. i sometimes have to completely reboot my computer before i can sync the pono.  an easy solution (and faster i might add) is to use an adapter for the sd card, load it, then install the card in the player. by the way the first time i plugged my pono into the computer and used pono music world 20 my unit updated the firmware to v1.0.3.  that process worked without a hitch. i have not used the software to manage the music on my pono so i won’t comment on it. i use dbpoweramp to tag my files that need to be tagged and just copy the files to the sd card. pono music world at this point seems to be a pain to use, it is beta for sure. overall those of you waiting for their pono, don’t get too impatient, and it is worth the wait. to anyone at pono headquarters that may read this, imho a little communication would go a long ways.
also the preloaded albums didn't show properly in the ponoworld software until i put them inside a folder called "music".
pearl jam le arrived in uk today around 4 o'clock, an hour after i received shipping confirmation. ups man charged me £62.08 to receive it, disappointing since i've received other expensive kickstarter rewards without charge but not unexpected. pearl jam albums are vs. and lightning bolt at 24/44.1 quality.
yes! i got my ny & ch!!!! @tijn, ik durf het bijna niet te zeggen, maar 0 euro bij hoeven te betalen!
@o'boogie thanks i'd spotted the link but i don't think i'll be using the software until it's significantly improved...my precious media libraries are to valuable to me to allow beta software to have any access... regards david
one week with the pono and i'm still happy with it! the sound! the sound! i newly enjoy albums i thought i'd listened to death. just sitting there and concentrating on the sound... granted, i don't have a comparison to other mobile hifi-players, but for now: don't care, won't care! p.s: but yes, usability design and construction quality of the player itself could be better. will be interesting how long it holds up in constant use. p.p.s: please get the pono store up and running for us europeans as well!
really, really looking forward to getting my pearl jam pono, thanks for all the updates guys
thanks david
thanks david
oh, yes, @tijn is right; ny&ch is schedule for december delivery. you have a bit of a wait left, @siltech. not too long. :-)
@siltech, i believe the ny&ch le is scheduled for december (that one will be my backup-device).
@david, your email contains your link to the mac and pc beta software for your pono. so that will be helpful, actually! funny that you got it after your got your pono, though! haha.
@siltech, i reckon it is on the way soon. they all seem to be going out now. my mom is waiting on her willie nelson le. simon, it made me cry, too. it is unbelievable. old man had me sobbing. glad i'm not alone.
i've listened to storytone and moved onto harvest.   i got to words and it hit me and now my face is streaming.  i haven't blubbed like this since the hammersmith odeon in 2008.  the bass on harvest is big enough to blow a hole right through your body.  stunned.
@shane £75 = import vat + duties + brokerage surcharges
when will they be shipping  ny&ch le ?
great news!...just received my email from pono notifying me that my player has just shipped and should be with me shortly....2 and a half hours after it was delivered :-) kindest regards david
just had news from the home front that my le pj has just arrived. got the email just now after receiving it (better late then never). and we didn't need to pay the driver. ;) we're talking netherlands here.
@david @simon why the 75 pound fee guys? tax or for delivery? i'm in ireland so just wondering
yes, i had no email notification.  i checked the pono store at the weekend and it said pending.  i was not expecting it.  thank goodness i was in. yes ob that is a very good holy shit!   harvest sounds amazing!  so clear and warm and loud!
happy beginning of mid-november, everyone!
i'll keep checking my e-mail, ups my choice, but now that it's been reported that the player may arrive at my doorstep without any notice, i had better call my wife to let her know she can't sleep the whole day away (she works at night)! she must be on the alert! long live pono! and long live the d! and  long live me!
glad to hear christmas is coming early for some of you lucky pledgers! (simon, tijn, o'boogie, and david...just to name a few of the newest pono people). rock out, roll on!
it has harvest & storytone delux.   i'm a very happy bunny. the sound on my crappy earbuds is incredible.  compared to my ipod - it's like the ipod is being played through muslin while the pono is me being the microphone.
@simon, i trust that's a good "holy shit"? ;-)
holy shit! �
i'm so glad you love it so far, @simon. have a listen. :-)
omg it's beautifully presented.  i got 144.
i got my ny le pono!  uk.  £75.54 fee.  woohoo!
because• enjoy your pono, @david! glad your delivery is being rerouted, @tijn! can't wait to hear your review.
bless your heart, ryan. describing your life in mom's basement and  suggesting it's mine. i know it must be difficult being you, but name calling on the internet will only sink you further into your deep depression. maybe go to the library to make new friends? do you know what a bookstore is? i doubt you've ever been to one, but it may time to learn to read and expand your horizons. good luck! oh, please be sure to call me a troll again bbrcause that gets funnier and more original each time you repeat it. oh, wait.
hi, this is my first post - just wanted to let people that while i have not received an email from pono or ups with tracking info...however i have just received (20 mins ago) my ny le edition here in the uk (had to pay driver £75). best wishes to all.
@tijn, wauw! dat is pittig. ik ga er maar van uit dat ik ook zoveel moet betalen dan... bedankt voor de mededeling! kan ik me er op voorbereiden :]
@o'boogie, thanks! just got off the phone with ups and they will reroute and reschedule delivery to my hospital bed for tomorrow. how's that for a pono feeling?! maybe a matter of karma? (guess some "backers" prefer living sour lives, reminding me of some sad puppets in a tv show).
@megan, ups kondigde aan dat ik aan de deur nog eur. 96,= aan import duties & taxes mag afrekenen. best pittig dus, maar voor mij min of meer volgens verwachting.
"fowled up beyond all recognition" pcpg :-) http://en.wikipedia.org/… pono is cool / support is fubar
f***ed up beyond all recognition keepin' it clean
keep it clean people - comments section is a family affair pono is cool / support is fubar !
sarcasm or a tiny penis? hmm i think i'll stick w/ you still look like a troll who likes to put other backers down for voicing their opinions. but it's ok. you can stay in your i never get laid life, gaze at your shirtless firemen calendar, down a pint of chunky monkey then cry yourself to sleep at night..
hahaha! someone said i look like a troll earlier. fantastic! i'm so hurt by internet strangers! wah! oh, wait. no, i'm not. hahahahaha! bless. it must suck to be you, you little, tiny man. calling women names on the internet is the height of sophistication and intelligence! or the last refuge of an idiot with a very tiny penis. you decide.
http://bybethanyjae.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/lion.jpg pono is cool / support is fubar
i've been listening to my own hi-res files on my pono, so i haven't even checked it yet. i'll let you know when i get a chance, sure.
@o'boogie  you have a csny pono don't you any chance of verifying the wooden ships song missing on the csny pono?
@o'boogie  you have a csny pono don't you any chance of verifying the wooden ships song missing on the csny pono?
@o'boogie  you have a csny pono don't you any chance of verifying the wooden ships song missing on the csny pono?
@o'boogie you have a csny pono don't you any chance of verifying the wooden shops song missing on the csny pono?
@tijn, i hope you are feeling better soon! enjoy your pono!
@dave, i was very surprised by terrapin being included on the gd le. really weird choice. hope they make the switch for you, but it seems unlikely at this late date. enjoy your pono!
bless your hearts. it would be hilarious if it weren't so very sad. i'm listening to the waterboys on my pono currently. sounds absolutely divine. have a nice evening, kids.
@graeme p lumsden talk about attention to detail i fell out of my chair laughing when i heard that on the csny pono the forgot the second song on the album and didn't load wooden ships now i could understand it if it was me loading the disk but this is his own album you would think these gods of the music industry would get that simple task right. tells me it's only about the money to them. i also have seen reports of it getting very hot during playback and charging hope they didn't skimp on the battery protection circuits lithium ion batteries can be very dangerous and properly designed should not be hot. looks like we are getting lyrics again. bla bla bla pono
" all we are saying is give peace (pono) a chance.." " all we are saying is give peace(pono) a chance .."  repeat
that sony hi-res player is starting to look like a steal.
@jerry..... will do. i haven't seen any reviews on pono versus competition so it will be interesting to compare. i can't say pono, sony or astel & kern at the best, world beater etc....... so, i'll start with what's available to play. the surprising thing about the pono that i read so far, quality of playback aside, is the cover for the ds card being flimsy/likely to fail from some of those already received. forgive me..... if they haven't got the attention to that detail what confidence do i assume in the other components? and i'm not knocking pono for pono's sake...... it's just pretty disappointing to hear owners talk about correcting this on mark 2 pono? i honestly thought all that money, professional and passionate input would result in a quality package?........ so far, seems not? sony will be built properly, certainly by the mag reviews i have read..... quality of playback?....... unlike laughing boy i can't extol my laughter because i haven't played or compared either. i really hope it lives up to expectations however i've sat about long enough and i've got plenty to play. i reckon maybe december for the yellow & black ones however it is interesting to see some of the pono backers who received their players early? special treatment perhaps....so they can boogie? early! lol
lol
@graeme p lunsden i haven't seen them for sale yet in the states or would join you as well from everything i have seen it looks like it will beat the pono player hands down. but then until they can be compared side by side who knows. let us know what you think when you get it please.
well, i have succumbed to the devil that is sony! zx1 bought online tonight, delivery this tuesday......so, i'll crack on with hi res playback and if/when my pono arrives i can compare if no takers for my pono. i was drawn to the astel & kern ltd blue note edition however £5000uk is hefty even including the 75 classic albums! all this chit chat about hi res?.......so i thought, let's get on with it!
there is no comparison between the sony walkman & pono. pono comes with a music ecosystem and can be speced with high quality audio systems. plus it is cool.
@ silver yeah nothing says nerd rage like posting lyrics that does what exactly?? i could care less what some shut ins who live w/ mom or grandma post instead of seeing how disorganized pono is. having the audacity to bash other backers who continue to wait..
@tom glasstetter don't be mad at your brother it's not his fault it's the pono bozos
its ok guys, we might have been first orderers and get the pono in december, atleast we will get it, thats the attitude right?
my brother got an email from ups saying he has a package being delivered tomorrow for his pj pono, but never got an email from pono. kind of annoys me because i also ordered a pj pono, but my order was placed way before his. i guess i should be happy for him, but if his pono is numbered lower than mine then i might be pretty pissed.
@creator very much looking forward to getting my pono.  since i assume we are still have time, can we (us grateful dead le backers) make a formal request for switching out the terrapin offering for a live set instead.  this request is only made because of the 313 or so gd le backers, its safe-ish to assume that about zero will actually listen to the studio terrapin stuff.  not to sound ungrateful (no pun) but its just seems like a bit of an unnecessary miss.  thanks for giving this some consideration.
@ryan mcfarland careful you will make them cry. if you hurry on over to the music farce site they will be talking about you now. and will be trying to figure out how to get back at you. about a week ago they all got together and posted lyrics to songs repeatedly. trying to stop discussions on this comment section obviously that failed. pono pono pono or something like that
@mark turner "100 projects and none have delivered " glad the majority of mine have been on time. but then i look at it just like a store and hold creators accountable. hope your luck improves on future projects. of course the lack of accountability is quite evident on kickstarter  of course once kickstarter gets their cut they wash their hands of the project it seems. what they should do is hold maybe 50 percent of the money or even more and distribute funds when the project creators need it. kind of like a construction loan from a bank. that would go a long way to the frivolous commitments and fictitious dates the creators spew in their projects. and would keep them honest as i also have had several projects take the money and run. pono pono pono or something like that
that hi-res sony player looks really nice.
the troll went hiding under the bridge.
@o'boogie...... people don't understand how kickstarter works? well you may not....... i certainly don't require your inference on what i do or don't understand. i appreciate you are a pony positive however i am pono realistic! communication is key..... but hey.... you are sitting with yours listening to it. you may exclude me from your opinion!
@creator as we are waiting for the ponos any chance anything has been improved over at the pono music farce site like being able to change name, email or being able to search all of the posts?
we're is spell check when you need it @o'boogie any chance of verifying the wooden shops song missing on the csny pono???
@megan, ik was helaas niet thuis (akkefietje met blinde darm) dus heb nog geen idee wat de extra kosten zijn. morgen einde dag weet ik meer en zal ik het je laten weten.
@oboggie any chance of verifying the wooden shops song missing on the csny pono???
@james pitt can you lend some money to buy the sony it looks like a far superior product and had i seen it first would have bought it and then not had to deal with the pono  nonsense unfortunately until i sell the pono on ebay i don't have that money laying around.
well said, james pitt and mark turner. people here don't understand how kickstarter works. god knows i feel sorry for any other projects they back. still enjoying mine. currently loading it with tons of fine tunes. going to try it out in the car later. woo hoo!
@tijn  hoi tijn, zoals je al merkt ben ik ook nederlands haha en ik vroeg me af hoeveel jij moest betalen aan ups voordat ze jou de pono meegaven? ben hier erg benieuwd naar!
there is a comparable alternative for those less than enamored with the process. buy this, wait for the pono player, sell the pono player for more than this. now you can get on with your life. this is this- http://store.sony.com/64-gb-hi-res-walkman-digital-music-player-zid27-nwza17slv/cat-27-catid-all-mp3-players
@creator you should hire graeme p lumsden he seems to understand communication far better than anyone on your team. and i'll bet that he wouldn't cry if he had to work over an 8 hour day. he likely could also explain how you forgot your wooden ship song on the csny pono "if you are going to change the deal, you have got to talk to the people you made a deal with and change it."
over 6,000,000 million dollars committed plus 7,000,000? million dollars in further investment finance.......big hitters, big cv's, neil young, all sorts of professionals....... but no one capable of giving a real world update? fly me over and i'll do it or send me the details and i'll do it! it's like being locked in a room with the lights off. i think we may well have communicated more with aliens in distant galaxies!
i didn't sign up for an amazon, ebay or apple delivered product...i pledged for a reward, a pono.... i don't give a sh*t about the missed deadlines...... no problem..... however if they can put a f*ck*n man on the moon...... someone can shuffle in front of a keyboard and type an update..... maybe even a weekly update...... but in the absence of any realtime update....here's one... "thank you for your patience pono kickstarter backers.... you will have gathered that we are behind schedule with deliveries and we are disappointed to confirm that we will not meet our anticipated delivery targets. we are working to resolve issues which involve, production, shipping......?????? however we can confirm that we have identified solutions and these are being implemented as you read this. the revised timetable looks like this.... we intend to have all le units delivered by the end of ? with deliveries starting in the us and then to the following countries in order....... finishing with ? this delivery programme will start in ? and finish by ? the remaining orders for black, yellow and clear ponos are rescheduled for ?, again starting with the us on ? and moving through the following countries finishing in ? by ? the revised delivery schedule/timetable is, after our detailed analysis, both realistic and achievable. we fully appreciate those as yet without their ponos will perhaps be disappointed however you have our assurance that the aforementioned revision is accurate and is intended to clarify factually how our revised delivery programme will unfold. our sincere apologies for the delay and what may seem a lack of communication however we wanted to deliver a factual/realistic update which was achievable and avoid any further uncertainty. by now you will have heard some feedback from your fellow pono kickstarters and hopefully that is giving you the assurance that your own pono is worth the wait!" .......and that my pono friends is how i think matters should be handled.....however that is only my opinion.
i also think ups runs a very tight distribution schedule, which requires optimal batches leaving the factory for speedily delivery. mind you: my pono took only 2,5 days from the china factory to my front door in amsterdam... if your address happens to be in a batch that hasn't been fully produced yet, it may take a while longer, but there's now doubt in my my mind that all promises will be fulfilled very close to mid november.
@james pitt perfectly fine with your beliefs. but as far as i see it they lied repeatedly and missed every date they set for them selfs. but to each his own opinion. @martin in same boat as you they have all the info info just shabby work is all. curious did you back early or late. "if you are going to change the deal, you have got to talk to the people you made a deal with and change it." bla bla bla pono
i don't think any one lied about anything. pono ain't apple and the players aren't iphones. my point is only that this may take awhile. production seems to be in the hands of a third party assembly company and shipping handled by another outfit. they will be built and sent when they are produced, and that might take a while
@mark turner, right on the dot! thank you for putting the thoughts of many into words!
i'm just as excited as the next guy to get my pono player. but, this is the way i see it: kickstarter isn't amazon or ebay. you aren't really buying a finished good. you are pledging on an idea/invention that may or may not happen. i have pledged over 100 projects on ks and none have come in on time. some never come in at all. of those that have not come in, sometimes i've gotten my $$ back, others have taken the $$ and ran, never to be heard from again. i do agree that pono hasn't done themselves any favors by "committing" (?) to ship dates and apparently not hitting those dates. however, ks ship dates are really estimates and no project is guaranteed. rather than bitching about not receiving a pono in october (after all, you've lived your life this long without the damn thing), everyone should be rejoicing that people are actually receiving one; this means that there is a bona fide product and more than likely your $$ has not been wasted. i would guess that with neil young's name all over the project, odds are pretty good that everyone who pledged will get a player. geez...
i am one of the poor backers whose orders have been put "on hold" for no obvious reasons as name, address and phone number were correct. :( is there anybody who was in the same position and can cheer me up because his order has arrived in the meantime ? hands up for positive messages...
@james pitt this is what the last update said "each of you will be notified via email when your player is shipped. generally, the earlier kickstarter pledges and signature series players will get priority for shipment. " it clearly has the earlier kickstarter pledges listed before the signature ones and says emails will be sent. of course both are apparently lies. backing a project on the first day should count in the earlier pledges category. "if you are going to change the deal, you have got to talk to the people you made a deal with and change it." bla bla bla pono
around 6000 non le players were ordered, by my tally.
doing a quick tally, 9850 le players were ordered. i'm not sure how many of the artists editions have been produced to date but i'll guess about one third. so at about 3000 le units in the first week and almost 7000 le units in the pipeline i would say production is a major issue. those waiting for the non-le players will have a long wait, by my tally. an update of which le players have been shipped would be helpful.
i'm losing that pono loving feeling so anyone who wants to talk about taking my pono for purchase price plus import duties/taxes and shipping, pm me. seems it's unravelling before its begun. the lack of communication leaves an empty feeling! i didn't buy a product however i did pledge for a reward and the lack of communication is disrespectful.
i want my pono now.......  waaaaaaayyyyyy :) genuinely excited about receiving it, i'm still on the to do list though so it could be a while. rock on
@david kain "i dont think theyre spite-holding any ponos dont be silly. theyre definitely in over their heads" well i would like to believe you but it is now day four and it still shows on hold and i backed this project on day one. of course all you get as replies is how busy they are for various uninformed backers here and over at pono farce and they do not reply to emails sent to them kickstarter does not care as they got there cut of the 6 million guess it's back to waiting for the easter bunny to deliver.
thanks to all you pono peeps for the good vibes! knew they would stil be around!
@o'b high five 2u, for not feeding trolls :) glad you like the pp
@tijn have a pono recovery :)
@daniel, i had a look at the user manual, in the memory card section, it says, 'for storage used microsd cards rated as class 10 or better. the player will accept cards up to 128gb.'  hope it helps
hi, in you faq, you mention that "the expansion slot can accept microsd cards of up to 64gb or sdxc microsd cards of 128gb or higher".  however, the player specifications on the pono web site makes no mention of sdxc and limits the capacity to 64 gb. can someone in the pono team clarify this
@tijn hard luck on your illness (and its timing). i hope you get better soon & will be enjoying your pono while recovering.
@oboogie how did wooden ships sound on the pono everyone else has reported it missing
thanks a.m. van der weiden! vu mc heeft de boosdoener er direct uit gehaald, dus reken maar dat ik morgen ga genieten!
beterschap tijn! pono will make you feel better soon!
just my luck... ups knocking at my door last friday (in amsterdam nl) with my csny le, right on the day my appendix decides to burst and i'm hospitalized. i'm sure ups will deliver it to my bed tomorrow. what better medicine can i wish for? long live pono!
i ordered some connectors to make two custom 1/8" trs > xlr-m cables. i didn't know it could do true balanced output using both the output jacks, very cool
@john, charming ...
thanks for the informative review, jeremy! i think i'll probably upload albums to the micro sd card via the card slot in my laptop computer. from what others have said, who have given some reviews/feedback on the player over at the official community, they indicate it is much faster to do it that way. some have suggested that they will load the player's internal memory with songs/albums they will want to have with them at all times. i'll probably load up the highest resolution albums i have already purchased on sites like livedownloads.com and more that i'll probably buy from pono. that way, i can keep those a constant supply of quality music to demonstrate the player to others and switch out songs and albums on the micro sd card via the computer's card slot.
enjoying it so far. things i've noticed: the screen viewing angle is very narrow, color shifts a lot. transfer speeds/syncing is very slow (5.6mb/sec). the software takes a little exploring to figure out. i've seen some people say there is nothing on their sd card, i'd blame the software because syncing is not intuitive. the sd card is formatted as exfat partition and if you pop it into a card reader chances are windows will ask you to format it do not do that. in the software two pono players will be listed if the sd card is installed. one is the player one is the card. you can select the card highlight the songs/albums and choose "transfer to computer" to back them up. before even trying to sync i'd recommend everyone go through the options menu tools>option>library & folders  and uncheck "run auto-import in background" or the software will start import every audio file it can find on your computer, very annoying until i figured why it was doing that.
i haven't gotten my le pono music player yet either. those backers who are "up in arms" should "stand down" right about now and realize pono music players have begun to be shipped out. you might even be one of the ones who receives an e-mail tonight or tomorrow or the next day saying your player is on its way. also, free speech says i can tell you that you are acting like a bunch of dicks! there is no reason in the world to be bashing the way people look just because they call you out on your dickishness!  that is all...
@ travis agreed! tell that to the troll hater who ironically looks like an actual troll oboogie...
@john, free speech ! we'll said ! sadly revealing (who would ever break anything to support a point of view?) the pono is cool / the support is fubar !!!
that's easy for anyone to say who's received theirs.... plenty of backers are up in arms. if anyone doesn't like it, tough shit!
thanks, matt smith, for the real comment! i like reading about those who have actually received their pono player and what their first impressions are. i don't really want to hear any more from the disgruntled and impatient folks who haven't even heard the pono music player! with their already sour attitudes leaking out on this kickstarter comments section, i'd bet a few of them might actually sabotage their own player when it comes in, so they can continue to bad-mouth pono in general. i can see some of the sad-sacks on here dropping it a few times on purpose in hopes that it malfunctions, and they can run back to this place to bitch and complain...so sad...so sad, indeed...
i thought some of you on here were interested in updates like; who all has received their pono music players?, how good does it sound?, how easy or hard is it to operate?, are you happy with it and with its performance?, what albums were pre-loaded to it?, are there any problems/issues?, how do you access the pono music store?, etc...i guess i was wrong.
received my pearl jam le after a few days of customs limbo.  all positive to report so far, from the hardware, software, overall presentation, and most importantly the sound quality.  like others have reported the most obvious point of potential hardware failure is the flap over the sd card slot.  hopefully that gets improved for pono version 2.0
neil young capitalizing ego / ob = ringer / emo-nuff already with the player stats [ if pono had played by the kickstarter rules we all would be listening ] sadly some of the first still aware da pono ain't here ... not yet ! long live pono without the hype !
received my csny pono  yesterday. sounds brilliant. couldn't be more pleased. well done, neil and pono team.
any beck le backers receive theirs yet?  still no shipping info on mine. will gladly trade for a pearl jam le, also :]
i called pono customer service earlier this week and was told everything i already knew. they couldn't give me an estimated time frame when i should expect a shipment email which tells me the plan to have all oct. delivery shipped by mid nov. is thrown out the window...
ps: wheres my pono?
i dont think theyre spite-holding any ponos dont be silly. theyre definitely in over their heads though. theyve done an adequate even impressive job generally, but theyre likely in scramble mode trying to fix the stuff they screwed up: shipping logistics, firmware/software bugs, taxes on rewards (kinda ridic but... eh), that horrible messageboard forum, etc. with more communication, a lot more clarity to customers, and allowing 2-3 extra weeks instead of pushing out a sloppy launch for the sake of a deadline wouldve been a better move but hopefully they learn from these mistakes and correct them. how they deal with these issues now is really important for the growth of the company and ensuring that pono does a indeed live long.
@ryan one consolation we could hope for is the shoddy workmanship may be corrected before we get them. hearing reports about the flimsy door over the card slot, and missing tracks on the csny albums. first releases are always risky maybe when ours comes the issues will be fixed. bla bla bla pono
@ryan they are in way over their heads have missed every deadline that they set for them selfs. they show my order on hold for at least three days now. do not respond to emails and like others i also pledged on the first day. i figure they are holding my order as i said i might sell it on ebay.  they said they would deliver in october now maybe november i am hoping to see it by easter. bla bla bla pono
@ jabels that's ridiculous. from one pj lifer/10 clubber to another, i feel you.  i preordered vault #4 vinyl and it seems that'll show up before my "oct. delivery" ponoplayer.
@ryan i'm with you on that one.  their manufacturing/shipping procedures have been pretty amateurish at this point.  it seems like they have no one in control of what's going on.  and it's really frustrating to not have my pearl jam le and see it being sold on ebay right now so that someone who didn't back the project will receive it before people who funded the project from the start.
i am backer 200 of neil young le and haven't heard a word.  status says submitted.  i pledged in the first 20 minutes.  still nothing.
who here that has not received shipment email and pledged early in march agrees the company pono, not the manufacturer in china, has say over in what order the players are shipped?
wooden ships "escaping a boat to start a new civilisation"
hi all. about a month ago, anticipating that the pono players would be delivered soon, i asked for my address to be changed. it had been changed on the forum but i checked under my order history today and it hasn’t been changed there. can anyone help with this before my player gets mailed to the wrong address?
wooden ships https://m.youtube.com/watch…
@jerry yes same.
@kevin lotter does yours also have the wrong track two like mel bla bla bla pono
got my csn&y  le delivered yesterday in uk. had to pay the driver £62.08 before he would hand it over.  i have been playing it through  atc 150asl speakers and am pleased to report the pono has passed my initial sound testing! i am noticing a gradual improvement in quality of the sound reproduction as the "burn in" process takes place. i am very happy with my purchase which will now always be in my pocket.
opps forgot long live pono  just sayin
@fred cracklin poor neil has had one hell of a year. i know what you mean get rid of old wife lose bass player music player delivered late 6 million in pocket busy busy busy
@tom you got it and something to chew on until the pono arrives https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/453182073/candied-bacon-wrapped-gator-pork-turducken… bla bla bla pono
1. start up 2. cash in 3. sell out 4. bro down
1. 2. 3. 4.
@gerald mcwilliams  no it is all about the money
the irritation is that a lot of early backers backed the pono player before any le pono were announced, yet all the le pono are seemingly getting delivery preference. but since kickstarter is all about the waiting.....i'll just have to bide my time.
@mel the guys are pretty old they likely just forgot which song they were singing and sang the same one twice
@ennio fabbio. no doubt the pono players will arrive "in the fullness of time".
@ennio fabbio yes there are a number of europeans who have received their players. and there are many who haven't yet received theirs. we're just stuck in the loop waiting for their systems to unravel.
picked my csny le today.  i'll try and post my impressions later.  one thing though - the second track on the 1974 album is listed as wooden ships but it plays as a repeat of the first track  -love the one you're with.  even has the same length listed.  anybody else have this problem?  pleased to have the full 40 track album, hoping there are no other surprises as i have not gotten thru all of the tracks yet.
hi, i live in italy. i'm still waiting any news about my pono player. are there any european that already recieved his player?
my tom petty le player arrived today
rip rick rosas.
@silver thanks for posting this! a12's pledged!
new project for headphones on kickstarter. should match up great with a good hi rez player http://www.1964adel.com
did anyone in a european union country received their ponoplayer? i'm being asked about a "conformity certificate", but i cannot imagine they´re referring to a "ce-mark" certificate. was  anyone else asked about this? thanks
5 days in customs purgatory. took the day off to be home today to sign for my pearl jam le. received and beautiful presentation, device and sound. long live pearl jam, pono and especially neil young. you rock!!
rick rosa passed. poor neil has had one hell of a year. i don't think i could handle everything that's been going on with and around him. rip bass player.
oh yeah? what other glitches?
thanks o boogie �
pono has apparently ran into a few delivery glitches. they are working hard to iron out the shipment problems. please be patient. people that receive the pono music player love it.
@andy - thank you! i'll deffinetly check them out :]
@shane, go to ponomusic.force.com. if you have registered your account there, you can check the status of your order. mine, for example, says shipped and out for delivery! woooo hooooooooo!
@creator any more details on what accessories you will have in the pono farce store possibly name brand or more generic off brand stuff
where can i see my order status??
hey megan, you should definitely hear the difference regardless what headphones you have. if your thinking of upgrading at a reasonable cost, try the rha ear buds they are amazing and cost about $100 at the apple store. in my opinion they are better than most ear buds that cost more than twice as much and they come with a 3 year warranty. hope i helped.
@creator what are you doing with the bamboo boxes you can't use maybe a special deal for the non le edition ponos
thanks for the reply tang
well i can get rid of these cheesy speakers
looks like these might be better for music than pono https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1043330169/realloud-technology-that-saves-your-hearing-and-yo/checkouts/35055314/thanks…
i'm excited to try it with my denon ah-d5000's.
hey guys, so i see some of you who bought really fancy headphones, that are expensive.. now i don't have that kind of money and i'm just wondering, my pono will sound good with my regular headphones right?
i am from singapore. i got it on monday. norah jones le
@yowwoy where did you find the phone number can you please post
where can i find out my pono status? still waiting on news about my pearl jam edition. are they shipping in america first or have any overseas backers received yet? thanks in advance fellow backers
i called pono two days ago, seeking clarification on shipping. told that shipping was at the discretion of the manufacturer in china, who is also actually doing the shipping too - the order of shipping apparently based on the manufacturing schedule - and not the order number - shipping will continue through nov and well into dec - so very early pledges, such as mine, could only leave the warehouse sometime in dec. we'll get them, but it will take time!
@ paul gains - australia is getting the cardboard option too. disappointed as well, the presentation boxes look really nice.
disappointed that the pono will not be in the bamboo box - hoping that the 'cardboard' one is at least reasonable quality. this is what the nz ministry of primary industries mentions on their website relating to importation of wooden household goods: "what are biosecurity new zealand's import requirements for wood household goods? all wood products imported into new zealand will be inspected on arrival in new zealand for pests, evidence of pest infestation, or for unwanted organic contamination such as soil or bark. wood found to be contaminated with pests or soil or bark will need to be treated (if you want the items to enter new zealand), re-shipped (sent back) or destroyed (incinerated). the treatment will depend on the contaminant found (e.g. fumigation for insects or bark, heat treatment for fungi). fumigation is mandatory for products made from or containing cane or bamboo. all treatment or destruction costs will need to be met by the importer. if you want to be sure of avoiding difficulties on arriving in nz, make sure that all wood products you bring in are either free of pests, bark and soil (dirt), or have been certified treated by one of the methods described in the import health standard."
@ryan. i believe the tax and extra charges incurred is by the goverment or authorities of the countries involved. there's nothing pono music can do anyway. as for bamboo box, if the law states that it is not allowed (although i really don't know why) and pono replaced with cardboard box instead, i believe this is considered good service, as compared to just the contents inside the box being sent. just my humble opinion
i'm an october backer, but i don't think there's any way they have them all out by mid november. i just hope mine makes it by a flight i have for thanksgiving.
well folks we have about one week left for pono to fulfill it's obligation w/ kickstarter backers and send us all our shipment emails.  believe me i feel your pain though can't imagine being in listed countries in today's update re: the high taxes + customs fees.  didn't they already pay an extra $15 shipping?? and no bamboo box?? poor service indeed...
has anyone received their foo fighters pono yet?  anxiously waiting...
my sd card is blank.
@shawn - i think the other albums are on the sd card provided?
my arcade fire pono has nothing on it but the os and one neil young song.  wtf?
@michael......just 1 debatable pledge so far for an interesting sci fi book where i think they guy has used the money for champagne and call girls...... if only he posted pictures i may have taken some comfort!....... and in the interest of sexual equality it may also be call boys! lol
@michael i'm also running with indiegogo pledges which are totalling £2500+ uk£ so we'll see how these stack up. most recently the core speaker which looks like a worthwhile addition to my ipod dock stuff which currently includes, marantz consolette, audio pro all room one, jarre aerosystem, brennan jb7 etc way too much stuff out there! it's the disjointed logistics that i find very disappointing, i run a considerable size business and know communication and foresight are key to keeping things on track. after all we're talking 20,000 orders?...... how many millions of dollars...... and 2 guys in a pick up in a dusty warehouse somewhere with boxes, orders and it seems a lack of direction! lol anyway, grump over.....i'll either get a paypal refund from neil & co and call it quits or a surprise "turd" in the post! lol
@graeme looks like you have had some good luck. out of my pledges i have had 5 or so really bad ones. hell theirs 3 that are still being worked on 2 years after the estermated delivery date...
@michael.....i can understand that from this profile that you think i only have 3 backer pledges......i have in fact 72 spread over 3 accounts..... so i think i have a very good experience of campaign management & expectations..... however i do appreciate your input nonetheless
so the sku that you see on your order (for the pledge) on ponomusic.com, does that reflect the series number within the signature series you'll be getting?  i imagine not, i don't think i pledged early enough to get the 001 of the 500.
@graeme this is your 3rd ks so its understandable that you havent had the joy of some bad ks's out there. i have backed over a 100 now i think and this isnt the worse by a long short (worse for me is a deck of cards the guy sent out to a handful of people and that's it... the rest of us got shafted) i am upset that my pono wont come in a bamboo box as i was able to get a bamboo notepad last year from ks (sure it was cut in aus not imported but the bamboo stock would have to have been imported)
@michael..... thanks for that info however i'm losing the pono feeling!..... not the delay....just the disjointed communication......quite sad really have emailed support as follows so, how do i get the other pono order number to pass on phone number! it's very disappointing that it seems very disjointed re communication about shipping info at this late stage. if you need to cancel my orders then do so and just get my money back to me as this is beginning to look like i will not be receiving any ponos..... i have to say i feel rather flat about the whole process..... my worst kickstarter experience...... seems the kickstarter supporters don't really matter now? sad. regards, graeme lumsden and yes, before anyone says...... i know it's a pledge however i'm old fashioned in that if i put up my hard earned money and someone doesn't deliver generally then send my money back as you clearly don't value it...... but i certainly do!
@jerry i had the same issue with my order being marked as "on hold".  i sent an email to customer support and it magically turned back to "submitted".  customer support has yet to respond with an explanation.
@graeme ups and other postal services do need phone numbers for items containing lithium ion batterys dont know if pono has that type but wouldnt supprise me
this is turning silly? update re shipping now?.....give us a contact telephone number otherwise ups can't deliver? whatever happened to kickstarter pledge being fulfilled via kickstarter info! great for those special folk who have received..... sad state of affairs re the disjointed updates!...... phone numbers now?....... end of week 1 in november?...... i sense delaying tactics guys so just come clean, tell us the truth..... be honest about the delays and we will respect that!...... the rest is white noise to distract! a pono negative day!
@creator what does on hold mean on the my orders page on the music farce page mean??? i backed on day one no emails no pono what's up
does the manual explain the pin out for balanced mode? if so, can someone post it?i need to get some cables ready...
my ups tracker reports:  "power of attorney documentation is missing and is required for clearance. we're working to obtain this information. / your package is at the clearing agency awaiting further release."  yet...ups indicates delivery is scheduled for today, but it appears to be stuck in louisville, ky.  probably better to be stuck in mobile...
i am backer #2,103. no notification from pono or ups. it would be nice if ponomusic maintained clear communication particularly since the rollout began on shipments the last week of october. i just would like reassurance that i followed the post kickstarter pledge pono account instructions that i feel were a bit convoluted. does anyone else have an issue accessing their pono account? i get the eternal "spin cycle" after i log in and try to verify my account information. i guess there are many of us in the same boat. as we all patiently await further word ...
i am upset about the bamboo box.
have purchased the kef m500 headphones instead of the beyerdynamic t51i's.  separate cables with and without i controller for use with ipad/phone.  so they're not terribly power hungry.  i have kef loudspeakers so i like the neutral "audiophile" sound.  the beyerdynamic's have a little more "loudness" than the kef's.  but for 299.00 at my local stereo shop, house of stereo in jax, i didn't have to wait.
i have my tom petty le and it came with a really nice surprise, it has hypnotic eye, wildflowers and damn the torpedoes. the big problem is, i am at work and didn't bring my ie 800's in, so i have to wait until i get home to enjoy my pono.
looking forward.  i'm glad i found you. long may you run.  can the ny pono's be shipped with storytone delux? please please & pretty please?  it's fantastic!
@jerry these are the two posted that i've seen; http://www.youtube.com/watch… http://www.youtube.com/watch…
still no pono or email for me. i see that i was backer #479 for the ny le player. under my backer history the "got it" widget is checked. i didn't do that. anyway, this is not a complaint. heck, they even use my comment from the first day on the home page.
@jodin ravia any chance you could post a link to the video "even see a few early reviews on youtube" all i can find are the preproduction videos nothing on the real units that shipped late this month. thanks  bla bla bla pono
received my limited herbie hancock signed pono player a few days ago. i don't know how the standard pono players are packed but the limited versions come in a beautiful wooden case. the plug of the included power adapter is a type b so i needed a pin converter to plug it in the european type c socket. the specs of the ipad adapter are almost similar so i guess i can use that to charge the pono as well.  my first impressions of the pono player's sound are very positive. even on my small sennheiser px100 (32 ohms) the pono sounds full bodied, on the px-100 a bit fatiguing though. i only need about 25% of amp power to achieve a comfortable loudness level. it's obvious though that the px-100 has its limits to expose the full potential of the pono player. i guess a headphone with a higher impedance (somewhere between 40 ohm and 250 ohm) will sound more balanced. an even higher impedance will probably cause much faster drain of the batteries. hopefully other pono owners will share their pono/headphone experiences as well! cheers
still waiting for my black edition regular to ship out...
thanks jamie for the update!
@creator so sad the asking price on ebay has dropped $400
well said @jodin ravia!
it looks like my pono will spend another night in customs jail, the following was at 10pm: 11/05/2014	3:50 p.m.	power of attorney documentation is missing and is required for clearance. we're working to obtain this information. / your package is at the clearing agency awaiting further release. louisville, ky, united states	11/05/2014	3:55 a.m.	warehouse scan 11/05/2014	1:02 a.m.	import scan louisville, ky, united states	11/04/2014	4:41 a.m.	warehouse scan 11/04/2014	12:35 a.m.	import scan 11/04/2014	12:17 a.m.	your package will be held at a warehouse until it is released by the clearance agency. 11/03/2014	11:21 p.m.	your package will be held at a warehouse until it is released by the clearance agency. / your package is at the clearing agency awaiting further release. louisville, ky, united states	11/03/2014	11:21 p.m.	power of attorney documentation is missing and is required for clearance. we're working to obtain this information.
chill out everyone. make a music player yourself if you think it's so easy to form a company, create the perfect ipod, and ship it directly to thousands of people all over the world. all in 6 months. it's been, what, 3 business days into november and we know that ponos are shipping. you can read and even see a few early reviews on youtube. if this product existed in the retail channel 10 years ago (when it should have come out) you could just pick one up anywhere. but instead you have to wait to get the very first ones made, and if i have to wait a couple more weeks it's no biggie to me. i still have my turntable and every other playback system to hold me over.
thanks jamie, found it. as i said, i have no issue with quarantine, just wish they advised us in a less obscure way amazed how many australian's apear to be buyers
thank you jamie my last name is regan
aus pono "group" that should have read.
yeah, not easy to find, i only became aware after one of the other aussie guys posted it to the australian pono users site.
jamie thank you for that update. i am now joining the ranks of officially pissed off with the pono process.  i have absolutely no issue with kickstarter delays, they happen all the time.  but given something that is so regionally specific why are they incapable of sending an email to those affected and tell us, rather than posting it somewhere (and god knows where, i just went searching for it) on an abomination of a site that has no direction or logic
go to your kickstarter profile dropdown at the top right of the page, click backer history and then hit the + sign to expand it. this is also where you are supposed to go to "tick off" once you have received it.
hello can you tell me step by step how to get my backer # thank you black, pono player!
@tmh @michael farrell - re the le ponos to australia. there has been issues with australian quarantines acceptance of the bamboo display box. they are currently replacing all of the boxes with cardboard ones - that need to be manufactured. there was an announcement on the pono music site a few days ago regarding this. also - not sure any of the ny le's have shipped yet.
ebay
@creator no emails no pono's am i surprised  not one bit i didn't think you would pull it off right anyhow late delivery and zero communication long live pono
tmh good to know. i do have neil's archives vol. i box set on 10 dvds and the who's quadrophenia director's cut box set which has one dvd included... not bad if you enjoy a small visual w/ your audio though for me vinyl and the timeless turntable is end all be all
ryan you should try it out.  the 5.1 and hi-res of the division bell on the blu ray is probably the greatest 5.1 of any floyd album released, better than dark side or wish you were here (not in terms of music quality, but in terms of sonic quality) tom petty is releasing all his newer albums (and some of his old) in blu ray hi res. as are others such as xtc.  it is also a much easier format for ripping the hi-res track for pono
tmh i preordered the vinyl which i'll receive next week.  you preordered the blu-ray deluxe edition? i don't know anyone who listens to music in blu-ray format
pledged for the ny le in australia. no notification email or anything from pono. disappointed.
ryan the jb hifi website and jb hifi themselves have both told me that the album that was due in today has been delayed for at least a week https://www.jbhifi.com.au/music/browse/rock/endless-river-the-deluxe-blu-ray-edition/636339/
@ tmh the endless river isn't delayed. i just sent an email and was informed my preorder vinyl is shipping soon w/ tracking
in australia, neither of my ponos (tom petty le and clear) have arrived, nor have i had any notification of shipping.  to be honest, more pissed off the record company has delayed the release of the new pink floyd album than a few week delay on a kickstarter project did read somewhere however that getting music onto the pono from a mac was difficult.  surely not?  anyone had a problem?
has anyone received a pono player outside the us?
thanks
@fred when logged into your ups my choice account and then viewing the tracking page for your pono package look under where it says signature required.  there should be a link that says authorize shipment release.
i've created a ups my choice account. how do i change my signature preferences?
you've got to set up a ups my choice account. i got a notification on tuesday night that the label had been created and can see the status. still nothing from pono music world.
backer #1 159 and always no pono / no notification of shipment  i'm a backer of the first day ny le and nothing i live in france not on mars... when can i listen music on my lovely pono ?????????
anyone are the pono outputs fully balanced? can you use balanced cables to stereo pre-amp. thanks
@william what cans did you buy? do they play loud enough thru pono? also, what mini cord to stereo do you have? enjoy man
ps.  adding any listening environment effects like "dolby" doesn't sound as good as the analogue stereo.  less drivers, better sound.  i'm ok with that.  pss. you have to be home to sign for the package.
(up to 1,200 on headphones, and my hearing isn't what it used to be.)
well i don't know about the rest of you, but mine was worth the wait!  blowing my doors off.  stuck in customs?  one day delay.  mine shipped on the 1st of november, arrived on the 4th with a delay in customs in china and louisville.  how much worth the wait?  went to my local stereo store and the more you spend, the more you'll hear, up to $1,200.  what's shipping:  i have the le so it came in a beautiful bamboo box and includes: player already charged with one song from harvest, shoot the moon plus a 64gb micro sd card which in my case has two norah jones albums on it for starters, quickstart guide, usb cable and charger.  mini patch cord has it playing through my stereo, which sounds like a real stereo again.  so happy! :)
well at least your players have shipped apparantly. i'm still waiting for a confirmation of mine being sent. this has been pretty anticlimactic. the only positive thing about it is the fact that my enthusiasm has sunken to a point where waiting a little longer doesn't really matter that much anymore. still, it's pretty disappointing.
yay... at least i'm not the only one that with their pono it stuck in customs
what can i say?..... relaxed about its arrival in one sense however fairly underwhelmed with the way it's all coming together....yup i read all the updates etc, fine..... but that salesforce/pono community website thing is just a mess?.....hard to believe that someone professional came up with that. the china distribution thing seems odd/disjointed as it isn't really that complicated?...... it's shipping, that's all?.....documentation etc, yeah.... but someone experienced must be organising it?..... i'm not bothered about the timing other than the whole disjointed thing seems odd when it's just professionals?.... doing their job? anyway..... i'll judge the player when it comes although again the disjointed feedback lacks the impact that i thought the player would have...... although to be fair o'boogie and her mother were moved and i value o'boogie's appetite for music!..... yeah, i'm grumbling but no more than that..... i think it's that pono community wibbly wobbly hit n' miss website that just has me closing the door..... maybe that's the joy of retail?..... you just go and buy it, unbox it, plug it in......kick up the volume and savour the sound! lol i live in an old school with the living room just under 50' long, big room, big speakers, decent enough gear and some nights i must look like the guy getting blown away in the chair by sound....... i'm in the middle of the country, no one near and i can just crank it up and let it thunder!...... and other times?...... just let it drift through the air!..... one loud session brought some of my resident bats into the lounge from the attic...... i think it was the silencers that were thundering away on the speakers...... bats must have come down the chimney either to disapprove or join in! ..... my good lady and i had a great laugh that night! anyway, you folks will be asleep reading my ramble and i'm ponoless and off to bed!
looks as if mine is stuck in customs too? location	                                date	                local time	activity louisville, ky, united states	11/04/2014	10:11 a.m.	power of attorney documentation is missing and is required for clearance. we're working to obtain this information.
i am an early bird - first 100 - pledge.  haven't gotten any word on shipping, and i thought that i'd be getting one of the first 100 units in production. status?
received my pearl jam le today, yeeeha can't wait to play!!!!
just received my pono le norah jones today!  just have earbuds till the cans arrive
@ jason looks like the possibility of us "oct. backers" are now late nov./dec. backers...if that so does this mean dec. backers are now jan./feb.? communication is terrible.
i pledged one of the neil young signature players and i haven't heard peep.  its not really as disappointing that they're late as it is they haven't informed anyone about the problems/delays.  we're apparently not important enough to be in the loop.
@ mark not to mention certain backers of le players have started to receive theirs though some haven't and some are sitting in ups warehouses, while the very first early backers of yellow & black players, myself included, haven't received any shipment emails
everyone's stuff will arrive soon enough and you'll have your tunes.  until then, listen however you've been listening all these years. it'll keep
wow! pono is really shipping 18k+ of these things individually from china? that's why god gave us distributors! we will be lucky if anyone get theirs by christmas. customs paperwork is a nightmare. i deal with it every day where i work. you damn near need a masters degree in it...
@ roadrat i said that last week. of course customs from friggin' china would create problems!! hope pono has replacements lined up...
i ordered the pearl jam le and haven't received my pono or an email about shipping.  it's pretty disappointing.  i did notice that my backer # and my order # on the pono site are completely different.  if i have to wait until my order # comes up, then i'll be waiting until next year.
i am curious. i am an early bird backer but have yet to receive an email. my "order" date on the pono site is september but i'm guessing that's when all orders were entered into the system overall when production started to ramp up. what is the ship date looking like for the early bird black players? i thought that early meant, y'know, early. i'm so excited to receive this player so i apologize if it seems like i'm fussing. i am not.. i'm just genuinely amped up and anxious. :)
@gert-jan: on the player is just the neil young song. the le albums can be found on a separate 64gb memory card (microsd)
grrr... customs crap.
@rohit nair @laverne  ups called.  256 pono units in one bulk shipment from china are being held pending customs release.  apparently they are awaiting some additional paperwork from the us receiver ("ivanhoe").  the only thing they said that bothered me is that it could take up to 30 business days :-(
@roadrat @rohit nair my player appears to hung up in louisville. customs really suck.
btw - my pono review will be using only mainstream, affordable audio gear. i'd love to be able to afford all the other high-end stuff but i can't. pono will be doing most of the work in my listening setups, so that's how my review will be structured. my pono player review will take place: --at the desk plugged into $40 computer speakers --in my pocket plugged into $20 headphones --in the car plugged into a stock head unit --in the living room running through a cheap home theater system --in the studio running through my 4 monitor pairs (all affordable) --in the practice space running through a 25 year old dying pa --in whoevers big pa that will let me plug in and really turn it up the point of the pono player is it's affordability and it's portability, so i plan on testing those thoroughly. i've argued against the belief that standard audio components won't show an improvement when the source of the chain is pono player, so my review will go right into that. i'm like #1500 something so i probably have a week or so before seeing mine.
@mark turner - i believe you have  to remove the tape from the 8track and feed it into the pono and back out the other side without breaking the tape. rtfm.
just received my pono le. there is no slot for my 8-track tapes. i thought this damn thing was supposed to make everything sound better? i will be sending it back. very disappointed...�
everyone gets two pre-loaded albums, on le pono.
question to other special edition backers. did you receive a player with just one neil young song or also some pre-loaded albums?
well the status got updated. louisville, ky, united states	11/04/2014	12:01 a.m.	import scan 11/03/2014	4:11 p.m.	a valid tax id or deferment number is missing and is required for clearance. we are working to obtain this information. / your package is at the clearing agency awaiting further release. louisville, ky, united states	11/02/2014	12:41 p.m.	import scan 11/02/2014	9:14 a.m.	arrival scan
shipping mail is not delivered yet.　(´・ω・｀)
updated status... 11/03/2014	11:21 p.m.	your package will be held at a warehouse until it is released by the clearance agency. / your package is at the clearing agency awaiting further release. louisville, ky, united states	11/03/2014	11:21 p.m.	power of attorney documentation is missing and is required for clearance. we're working to obtain this information. 11/03/2014	11:12 p.m.	your package will be held at a warehouse until it is released by the clearance agency. louisville, ky, united states	11/02/2014	10:45 a.m.	your package will be held at a warehouse until it is released by the clearance agency.
i sure hope christmas comes early!!! long live pono!!!
i got in early by luck, that could be good for the number i get then.  i'm hoping to get mine as being numbered within the first 20 of the 500.  not a huge deal, but it would be awesome luck.
@jason: that's of all backers
so if it says i'm backer #249 does that mean out of every backer that has pledged overall?  or does it mean out of the specific pledge reward i chose?  (i.e. #249 out of the signature series i chose?)
@rohit nair and @laverne no change in my status
hi end audio uses flat. why, because eq adds more distortion. great design neil, and of ayre.
the pono  movement is here.
thanks for the mini review tang. i am using the ibasso dx50 too which i am very plaesed with. nice to get a little comparison between the two. i like the eq interface on the ibasso so it's a shame there won't be something similar on the pono. maybe with a future update?
i was the very first backer on this, one of the earlybird black units.  i'm a little disappointed that we haven't any clear direction on how these are shipping and that pono denied the blog coverage that suggested pono was running behind in production, as it now appears that was true.
just a very brief review after burning in the pono player for around 7 hours. direct comparison is done on the same alac files between ibasso dx50 and pono. using 2 pairs of iem: heair audio 8a (a 8 driver custom iem) and the good old westone 3 (3 drivers). songs used: 1. hotel california (live: hell freezes over, the eagles) : live recording classic 2. desperado (best audiophile voices ii, emi fujita): audiophile vocal reference 3. cuchulainn (celtic heartland, ron korb): instrumental 4.moonlight serenade (digital k2 sample, caiqin): pure vocal sample 5. la luna (ottmar liebert): guitar instrumental 6. a mixture of jazz, pop and vocals. * added in iphone 6 as well (just want to listen to un-amped output) pono players sounds good just like this. i am not a total audiophile that can notice those little changes but i do find pono pleasant to listen to, especially for vocals. it managed to bring out the the full audio range. it just makes the songs, how should i put it, fuller and smoother. i believe those 'large' components does contribute to this (or not??) as compared to a purely chip based players such as iphone. however, the sound stage is much narrower than dedicated audiophile player, which is the dx50. this is evident when one listens to live recordings (concerts etc.), it is like everything is cramped in front of you. so if you want a wider sound stage, one can pair it with a headphone amp. so i paired pono up with vozuge pure (headphone amp) and i immediately achieved eargasm! the sound stage becomes wider and everything sounds better. conclusion is: pono delivers their promise. to make it sounds even better, one can just plug it into any amps and it will become an instant personal hi-fi player. how nice if pono comes with an equaliser so one can choose to adjust the output to their likings, well just a personal preference. the player gets pretty warm after playing for a while (which is expected)  so don't be shocked by it. other than that, the touch screen works as it is and is quite sensitive.
@ramli, i'm using sennheiser momentums.
@o'boggie: what headphone are you using with pono?
@jdc i'm afraid so.
@roadrat here's what i have: louisville, ky, united states	11/02/2014	2:01 p.m.	import scan 11/02/2014	10:45 a.m.	your package will be held at a warehouse until it is released by the clearance agency. 11/02/2014	9:03 a.m.	arrival scan 11/02/2014	4:50 a.m.	a ups my choice® delivery change was requested for this package. / the receiver arranged to pick up the package at a ups facility. anchorage, ak, united states	11/01/2014	7:25 p.m.	departure scan 11/01/2014	4:57 p.m.	arrival scan chek lap kok, hong kong	11/02/2014	3:58 a.m.	departure scan shenzhen, china	11/01/2014	5:20 p.m.	departure scan 11/01/2014	4:20 p.m.	origin scan china	11/01/2014	3:52 a.m.	order processed: ready for ups
looks like the postal people are chilling out with their new ponos rohit.
@roadrat, @laverne, any updates on the clearance? mine says the following: a valid tax id or deferment number is missing and is required for clearance. we are working to obtain this information. / your package is at the clearing agency awaiting further release.
fred cracklin - i ordered the patti smith version and have not received a shipping notice yet.  i am assuming they are not all shipped. o'boogie - i currently listen to a fiio x3.  is there much difference in sound with a high res source?
@o'boogie for the best possible sound, is there a " break in period "
o'boogie - what have you listened to up until now? just so i know if i can expect a similar reaction after using a fiio x3.
have all the players that have been delivered from the signature series?
@rocky mountain way, flac file. but i heard a lot of high-res tunes, too (storytone and harvest), and they sounded brilliant. holy shit. i believe the one neil track is heart of gold. @jodin, thanks! i was also overwhelmed, there is no question. but my mom had some hearing loss a few years back, and i don't think she knew she'd be able to hear it so well and hear that clarity.
great story o'boogie. sounds like you and mom are jazzed. provided the pono music player is simple enough to operate, my 77 year old dad will get one next year.
@o'boogie so jealous!  great story about what happened with your mother. i think that will be a common thing. sometimes you forget what you've lost and when it comes rushing back to you it's overwhelming. pono could be the ultimate music player ever, assuming the build quality and software is good. so much care put into finally delivering the "ipod pro" and i think neil's pitch has been perfect. let the internet know-it-alls use their pseudo science to tell us all we can't hear it and we don't love it. what a bad position for them to be in as pono's start hitting the mainstream.
what is the neil young track that was included with the player as promised in one of the later updates? did that promise include the le's? @ o'boogie - you wasted no time in loading your pono. was the van morrison hi res or flac from a cd ?
fred i think it had about a 70% charge, maybe? lasted a good long while.
how much of a charge does the player come with? can somebody track how long a full charge takes?
yessss, pat metheny is in the pono music store (big time)!! pono, please make the store available to the netherlands as soon as you can!
great story o'boogie!
@oh'boogie, so you are amongst the first lucky ones?! granted, if anyone deserved to be.... my expectations are still very much downsized as much as possible, but your comment makes it hard to keep this up. great description of your mom's reaction!!!
i had lowered my expectations because i didn't want to be disappointed. i was blown away. i could hear little breaths from joni mitchell, sounds and features of songs i've heard a million times before, and that pono smile was ear to ear. i was knocked out. i need to let @pedram abrari (ponomusic) or someone on the pono team know about my mom's reaction. the first track she heard on pono was into the mystic by van morrison, and she burst into tears. she was overwhelmed, moved, stunned, thrilled, blown away, beside herself. what a moment. i'll never forget it. she asked me to thank neil. so @pedram abrari (ponomusic), please thank neil for me. my mom is 70 years old, and she newly heard the music she has been listening to for years for the very first time.
good to see that the player will be delivered tomorrow! amount of taxes / import duties to mbe paid is however a somewhat unpleasant surprise (approx. 30% of the value!).
(llp = long live you know the drill)
@andreas, at last! so good to hear the first backer-experience is a positive one (sound-wise)! can't wait to see all the nay-sayers eat their words after hearing that "inaudible scientific measurements" are definitely audible after all! now put on a decent set of cans and report back to us, please... llp!
back from work. forgot decent headphones in all te excitment, so i plugged in your standard white ones from the famous phone and tablet brand. i have the arcade fire le, so i stuck with the albums on the card. far from being an acoustic professional, i was immediatly surprised! i know this sounds cheesy, but i never had such a fantastic time with music on my way to work. 30mins on a train and i actually enjoyed listening to music again. just sitting there, eyes closed and listening to music was something i haven't done in years. mostly i instantly grab a book or start reading comics on my tablet. frankly, can't pinpoint it right now whether its just with the recordings delivered. but i looked forward to the trip home this evening :) looking forward to put on some sounds of my own.
yes, more sound quality reviews.
@andreas zuber waiting for review and more info from you!
long live pono
@roadrat yes my player is also on hold in louisville, the players will probably get released today with delivery tomorrow.
does anyone else's tracking say this: louisville, ky, united states 11/02/2014 10:45 a.m. your package will be held at a warehouse until it is released by the clearance agency.
@andreas zuber please report on the sound quality as soon as you can. this is really what a lot of us want to hear about, although it is nice to have shared your impressions on the other things too. :)
just received my pono player, paired it with heir audio 8a. all songs encoded in alac format and they sound great! compared to ibasso dx50, i feel that pono player sounds better, with more depth and clarity. great work neil & co.
i'm #231, no shipping notification yet.
we are all witnessing the birth of the pono player!  thanks neil & co.!
first thoughts upon unpacking:  - nice box! - inlays cheap looking, though - so why the box?  - picking up the player: bigger than i hoped, nice silver finish in stark contrast to the plastic, flimsy feeling end caps - memory card slot cover even flimsier, keeps flipping open :(  - attention all non-us guys: the nicely done power plug is us-style only! not attached to usb though, so switching to a generic should be easy. so much for that, but they did say its the sound that counts. checking commences :)
shipping e-mail received 02:07 this night. 8 hours later: ups rings at the door with the parcel. surprise, the arcade fire le is here!
the force is weak in this one ...
they must only be shipping les so far.  i'm backer #12, and my black pono hasn't shipped yet.
i'm somewhere in the 17000... guess mine isn't going to send for a while haha!
oh, and forgot to mention nothing in the way of emails from either pono or ups yet.
cheers @demetri, i had been wondering about that, but not enough to actually try to find it.  well mine is #2406 black, and that was pledged only 7 hours into the campaign.
where is backer history?
i'm backer #61x
backer numbers can be found in "backer history" when clicking on the "+" to show more information about your pledge.
where do you find the backer number
of the people with pono's in route, what are your backer numbers? just curious where i stand at #1011
just received: we've got some great news for you today! your ponoplayer has shipped and should be arriving shortly.  order number: o-000000**** ups tracking no: 1zv930e9d94718****  ** note that the package requires a signature for delivery.  a message from our ceo neil young  hi pono family! what a pono time the vip dinners were with our kickstarter supporters.  it was incredible meeting those of you who were there, and feeling the passion you bring to the pono movement.  thank you so much from all of us. welcome to the pono experience. you, our kickstarter supporters, will be the first to use our beta website and music store. we welcome your feedback and comments, as they will help us to ensure the best service for music lovers. we will offer a very large selection of ponomusic. all ponomusic is 44.1/16 resolution or higher, up to and including 192/24 resolution. 44.1/16 is the resolution that is used on cds.  we are continually in contact with artists, producers, and record companies, requesting the highest resolution possible for their music. some artists’ works have been provided to us in multiple resolutions so we are currently processing these files, eliminating all but the highest resolution from our music store.  as a kickstarter supporter, if you purchase ponomusic and files that are higher resolution become available then you will be eligible to receive free upgrades for life, because we greatly appreciate your support. you are pono. thank you! neil young, ponomusic world  with your ponoplayer on the way, we wanted to introduce you to ponomusic world - our desktop application for purchasing, downloading and cataloging your music, making playlists, as well as transferring music to your ponoplayer.  you can download ponomusic world here: ponomusic store - beta access  the ponomusic store is currently available in the us in beta access mode by invitation only. now that your ponoplayer has been shipped, you have access to ponomusic world and the ponomusic store. you are one of the first people to be able to purchase and download music from ponomusic.com. keep in mind that we are in the process of expanding our catalog from the major label groups and then the independents, so new titles are added everyday. if there is music you don't see available, odds are it is still in the ingestion process.  if you encountered any defects or unexpected behavior while using the beta store, please email us an explanation of the problem to: beta@ponomusic.com note: we anticipate launching the store in canada and the uk in early 2015.  tutorial videos  tutorial videos on how to use the ponomusic world and store can be found here:  ponomusic tutorials  we strongly recommend that you view the following videos first: - firmware update - purchase, download, and transfer music
mine is en route hopefully the louisville hold up is short.... louisville, ky, united states	11/02/2014	10:45 a.m.	your package will be held at a warehouse until it is released by the clearance agency. 11/02/2014	10:44 a.m.	import scan 11/02/2014	9:03 a.m.	arrival scan anchorage, ak, united states	11/01/2014	7:25 p.m.	departure scan 11/01/2014	4:57 p.m.	arrival scan chek lap kok, hong kong	11/02/2014	3:58 a.m.	departure scan shenzhen, china	11/01/2014	5:20 p.m.	departure scan 11/01/2014	4:20 p.m.	origin scan china	11/01/2014	3:52 a.m.	order processed: ready for ups
@ doug oh for sure... the band/artist's signature(s) engraved on a chrome music player?? value like real estate...
@ryan mcfarland, should have finished by saying i agreed with you. felt the le would be more a collector than user.
@ryan mcfarland, i got the yellow pono music player.
@ jason jealous! though i was reluctant to get a le player since they seem to be good for safekeeping and worth more $$ over time than actually using for portable listening. i settled for a yellow player...
my le pj has shipped and will be delivered tomorrow.
part of update 48 for those who didn't read or don't remember the details: "...we plan to ship the october kickstarter ponoplayer rewards beginning the last week of october and we anticipate completing them by mid-november. each of you will be notified via email when your player is shipped. generally, the earlier kickstarter pledges and signature series players will get priority for shipment." "generally, the earlier kickstarter pledges and signature series players will get priority for shipment."
good job pono! you could've told backers that the le players are shipped first and still late while all the other oct. players are in fact mid-nov. players!!
ok, thanks. good to hear players are being shipped to the eu already early next week. i have a december pledge but it's an le (crazy horse) so i have good hopes it's actually being shipped soon too.
@andreas. i pledge for tom petty le.
@peter ståhlberg: which player did you pledge for?
any johnny cash added yet?
i recieved a text message from ups today stated that a package is on its way. estimated delivery tomorrow 3/11 in sweden.
@creator: now would be a good time for a shipment status update, since october has come and gone. are any players sent out yet? if so, how many, and when will the rest be sent?
@john. thanks for the mention in dispatches. i'm rocky mountain way because my photo is one i took of joe walsh at an eagles concert 1976 playing said song. those were the days!
general specs for the pono player music formats	flac, alac, wav, aiff, aac (unprotected), mp3 music resolution	lossless playback at up to 192khz/24-bit storage	128 gb total - 64gb flash memory plus sandisk 64gb microsd card included expansion slot	supports microsd cards of up to 64gb digital-to-analog convertor	ess es9018m dac battery	large 2900mah li-ion rechargeable for up to 8 hours of playback time charger	ac universal adapter (100 - 240 vac) usb cable	usb-to-micro usb cable screen	2.5 inch color touchscreen audio output	two 1/8 inch (3.5 mm) jacks, supports four listening modes weight	4.6 ounces (130 grams) dimensions	5 x 2 x 1 inches (13 x 5 x 2.5 cm)
special stuff there, jerry! special stuff indeed!
https://m.youtube.com/watch…
https://m.youtube.com/watch…
@creator guess warren haynes  had to get the allman bros out of his blood look what he did last night suppose you will give him a free pono. gov't mule  taft theatre  cincinnati oh  10/31/14 mule  thorazine shuffle  funny little tragedy  scared to live  kind of bird  gameface  whisper in your soul  time to confess set :2 (w/jackie greene)  cinnamon girl  tonight's the night  revolution blues  heart of gold  for the turnstiles  scenery  crime in the city  fuckin' up  mr. soul  sleeps with angels  comes a time  come on baby let's go downtown  world on a string  old man  don't let it bring you down  cowgirl in the sand  danger bird  helpless  downtown  after the gold rush  power of love  ohio  southern man  hey hey, my my (into the black)  down by the river  blue eden  rocking in the free world  encore:  piece of crap  cortez the killer
here's a curious quote from "don", "...beyond that, my complaint was with those who take unnecessary shots at pono...". you mean like this quote from..."don", "if pono hadn't devoted so much energy toward manipulation of social media, maybe they wouldn't have missed the target date. they might not be complaining about 60-hour workweeks, either." or would that quote be deemed as a necessary "shot at pono"...? the mind reels...
forgot to mention pono music is now setting up brick & mortar dealers. in the beginning they are using ayre acoustics dealers. one person called his dealer to check on it and they knew all about the pono music player. pretty positive development. listening to johnny cash - when the  man comes around.
lol
the pono music players are being shipped directly from china. that is quicker and less expensive than shipping to california, then shipping to where you live. businesses do this all the time. at least one person reported receiving their player, from this shipment, on the pono music website. this site has listed what we are listening to since the beginning. i have learned about many new artists and groups this way. it was so popular the pono music forum copied the format of this kickstarter forum. it is called the kitchen floor. it is one of the busiest threads. so busy they are talking about splitting it off and giving it a group of its own.
hey, "don", there's also "samuel l dogson" (whose name is probably a take on samuel l. jackson the actor) and "elijah craig" (who i believe is a small batch premium bourbon that is distilled about 35 miles from where i live "elijah craig 12-year-old is a true small batch premium bourbon and has held that distinction before the term even existed. bottled exclusively from a dumping of 70 barrels or less, the brand carries the name of the rev. elijah craig, the man who discovered the method of making true kentucky bourbon when he stored his wares in barrels that had been charred in a fire. elijah craig is critically acclaimed. it was awarded a double gold medal at the san francisco world spirits competition" or maybe he is the "real" elijah craig...i don't know...and you don't either!!! also, long live pono!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
by the way..."don", why are you "picking on me" for having a "?" as my screen name when many (if not the majority) of those who still post here use "fake" names as well!?! some often change their name to pester (bother) others on here...such as "silver" who was once "crybaby" and before that he/she was trying to make others believe he/she was "siltech". there's also "the fly", "o'boogie", "rocky mountain way", "edgar allen pono", and plenty of others who go by a first name (like me, i'm really named john) or initials that may or may not be "fake". hell, i used to have both my first and last names as my username on here. i just shortened it to my first name after so many paranoid people on here started freaking out about their information being sold without their permission to some advertising agency. i guess i got paranoid that there were some truly nuts people on here, so i changed my name. so...chill the hell out, or go somewhere else...like the real pono site and have it out with us over there! there are plenty of people there who will put you in your place!
why are so many people complaining that pono is a month late. october was yesterday. by my calculation that makes them a day late.
well, i guess i shouldn't hide behind a silhouette with a ? in the middle of it, or i might be called a nasty name...like "coward". i hope my "real" photo and name make you a bit less sour on the world. i was just a bit embarrassed that we might actually be related...maybe even long lost twin brothers separated at birth. sorry..."don", if that is your real name...
the calm before the party - imagine everyone here, pono player received & kicking all the rips - overjoyed with the sound quality / sharing & swearing never to return to low res blank-n-white copies from itunes or anyone ever again ! neil did this for us / & here we all are stomping on the floor of waiting empty stage to hear the greatest rock concerts of all time anytime ! yes this is that moment ! we are so lucky to get one of the first production pono players & to have this comments section still going to inform all of us !
my order number was: order number: o-0000009288 order date: 9/6/2014 status: order submitted below is the shipping info: 1zv930e9d94718****   updated: 11/01/2014 4:30 p.m. eastern time      in transit in transit   scheduled for early delivery on: monday, 11/03/2014 originally scheduled for delivery on: tuesday, 11/04/2014 11:45 a.m. - 3:45 p.m.  last location: departed - shenzhen, china, saturday, 11/01/2014 signature required  at the request of the sender, ups will obtain the recipient's signature. the sender will be provided a printed copy and may also review the recipient's signature online. authorize shipment release  shipment release authorizedcancel shipment release authorization     location date local time activity  shenzhen, china  11/01/2014  5:20 p.m.  departure scan    11/01/2014  4:20 p.m.  origin scan   china  11/01/2014  3:52 a.m.  order processed: ready for ups
well thanks for your version of morality online...makes no difference at all.  pono is behind and we have the right to complain especially since they are a month late and offer very little communication. we don't know where the players are shipping from. i thought it was california were pono is based but now backers are saying china?? i guarantee that if all the players are shipped from china, we will have multiple problems given international customs, distances, etc...
@ ryan mcfarland i wasn't complaining about the shipment or ups, i was merely reporting the results of my similar circumstances with my pledge and ups my choice. some people prefer to gather data before they make assumptions; i was just sharing my data with other backers. i'm sorry that i apparently struck a nerve. my sincere apologies. . beyond that, my complaint was with those who take unnecessary shots at pono or post senseless hype for pono. i have to admit, i'm also becoming annoyed with the cowards who have to hide behind a punctuation mark for a screen name when they post. . it is my understanding that pono is intended to be more than the media player. i thought it would be a whole ecosystem and community. the level of immaturity in this public forum shames all who want to be part of pono. these posts are a public face of the pono community, yet there is nothing righteous or moral in some of the conduct on both sides. . if we calmly stick to relevant facts and valid questions, pono threads and forums will each be a pono kinda place.
@ don you make no sense whatsoever. first you complain about not receiving any shipment notice from ups then dictate to others about what we can and cannot complain about...seek help!
sorry, i should have place a capital letter at the beginning of the sentence that started with there is also... also, usp should have read/been typed usb. sorry...we now return you to your regularly scheduled programming.
i'm so, so sorry you are having a difficult time using your scroll down button. maybe a new computer is an option for you. mine works pretty smoothly. i am using a laptop computer that has the little touch pad thingy and two buttons for right and left clicking. there is also a round little black rubber thingy between the "g", "h", and "b" letters that sort of acts like the touch pad thingy. however it is a bit too touchy for my liking. also, i can hook up a regular old mouse into one of the usp ports if i should like. (my computer is a pc or ibm type.) i hope these tips help out and you will be scrolling down past those annoying posts from your friendly neighborhood kickstarter pals soon.
i'm not that far behind dan (on a pearl jam, too). i also have ups my choice, but i don't have any mystery shipments listed. if laverne's assumption turns out to be accurate, and it is the pono player, it looks like they only shipped a few. of course, even if laverne's shipment is from pono, how do we know it's for a pono player, and not just another survey? . i wish this thread could stick to relevant information about the kickstarter campaign and delivery of rewards. please don't clutter up this thread with complaints that this start-up company is late in delivery of the first batch of a new product. be thankful, because many new products never even make it to production. . by the same token, please don't make wasteful posts just to say "long live pono" or tell the world what you're listening to. if god had intended for us to know what everybody is listening to, he would not have spent the eighth day creating earbuds and private messaging. if pono hadn't devoted so much energy toward manipulation of social media, maybe they wouldn't have missed the target date. they might not be complaining about 60-hour workweeks, either.
still no shipping info for me :( pledged one of the first 10 or so pearl jam pono's almost as soon as it went live,so i'm sure i'm one of the first pledgers.hope i hear something by early next week. i should be one of the first people to pledge for any pono player,so thought i'd have shipping info by now.
tom petty le.  i pledged the 1st day.
@laverne kreklau how long after the start of the campaign did you pledge ? and for what reward ? i'm hyped !
i just checked ups my choice and it says i have a delivery from china that will be at my home tuesday. originally the scheduled day was monday. long live pono
@creator  now that you are a month late will you please post a progress update?
listening to loose ends - imogen heap.
a month late? please.
@creator now that you are a month late will you post a progress update?
software update in the pipeline to include a broken record function!?
@creator  thanks for backing ditto lets hope that project does well can't wait to use it while listening to the pono thing
@ryan mcfarland last startup i was involved in we started up an old 650000 sq ft facility hired 450 employees trained them refurbished five production lines and hit our production time table and projected produced units all within a three month window. most everyone worked six and seven days per week and averaged 16 hours per day. i can't remember a single employee crying about working hard. they all had a goal to hit and as a team hit it. can't wait for the righteous pono sound
forgot to add can't wait for the righteous pono sound
@fred cracklin not to speak for ryan but  i would not pay them a penny until the product is delivered it is a new new business after all the project started out as a 800000 project just because it went to 6.2 million doesn't mean that they are working any harder. and they set the time table we didn't. they promised over and over that it would be on time. and why shouldn't it they farmed out the design and have some factory in china set to crank out millions of them if needed so if they are working to hard and long hours it's likely that they are not very good at time management. if they are over their heads and need more time they should just say so. now i can certainly understand if they are having problems signing on record companies as that is hard for them to control but as far as the player them selfs i would say they have no excuse for being one day late. "if you are going to change the deal, you have got to talk to the people you made a deal with and change it."
@jerry, ryan are you guys seriously asking a company you funded to pay their workers overtime in order to meet your time demands by a few days? if everybody wasn't breathing down their necks pushing for them to finish they wouldn't have to do that. they have to suffer to meet your needs. this company already had the press, most of the public, supposed scientist and their competition say their project was useless. now some of their own funders are treating them like they had some definate preorder date. were you raised by scrooge mcduck?
owners may work 60 hrs a week but that doesn't mean the rest of the employees do. pedram did say 60hrs or more. the world is devolving into a bunch of spoiled brats. there are people in the world dying from hunger, disease, etc., and people here are stamping their feet because their music player may be a week late. if that is the biggest problem in your life, you should be thankful, very thankful. going to listen to some monster tunes tonight including, talking heads, alice cooper, edgar winter, and more.
@ jerry i agree. i've known business owners that to ever get off the ground and break even and hope to have serious gains w/ limited help, it takes at least 80 hours weekly. once that is established and a lot of luck involved then success happens.  also how do we know they're working 60 hours a week? it's all heresay...
http://m.ebay.com/itm/291282478738…
ebay
@ryan mcfarland i have never met a successful small business owner yet to could get away with only working 60 hours per week. i don't expect any updates here they pretty much have missed every date they set on this project. let's hope the company making these things do a good job and it sounds good. as someone once said "if you are going to change the deal, you have got to talk to the people you made a deal with and change it." looks like he forgot he said it. can't wait for the righteous pono sound
pedram abrari (ponomusic) the good news is that shipments started yesterday. we'll be sending out email notifications starting tomorrow. we appreciate everyone's patience and passion for pono. to defend the pono team here a bit, we are all working 60 hour weeks (if not more) to get everything done with high quality and as close to on-time as possible. don't forget that we've managed to build an entire hires music ecosystem including player, music store, community and desktop app in 6 months since kickstarter campaign ended (april 15th). this is basically a hires version of the itunes/ipod ecosystem without the unlimited apple resources and done in 6 months. the store development started 4 months ago! even the most cynical of critics have to admit that this is remarkable achievement! of course, you can never please everyone. but that's fine as long as we have the support of backers like you we'll be alright. to quote a line from the best exotic marigold hotel, "everything will be all right in the end... if it's not all right then it's not yet the end." like ·  15 people   ·   today at 10:26 am   ·  hmm
i haven't checked in here for more than a week and it seems like the same old back and forth drivel and slinging and back-patting going on, with new or insightful comments maybe one in 20.  i can imagine all the attention tuned into whatever i-thing is bringing this stream to all of the participants in this sorry forum and i thought the comments of prince ae were apt. http://youtu.be/drl8eihrqjq
walked through barnes & noble today and they had vinyl. wow. never thought that would happen.
sounds like the pono music players are starting to ship. wish i had acted quickly enough to be in the first wave instead of december. listening to heart -  dog & butterfly. butterfly side. vinyl.
pedram had posted on the pono music world chat that shipments began yesterday. has anyone seen their email yet?
saturday is still in the "last week of october".
@ jerry lol! yeah what's next? another update "well we've been busy with blah blah blah...we now hope to ship your oct. players by mid dec." face it, they can't get shit done let alone sending simple emails
@creator mail man came and went and just saw ups guy so october is missed do you think you might ship in november? can wait for the righteous pono sound.
sorry i meant friday at 10 pm
last concert will be rebroadcast several times on xm 26 this week end on now
great shows from the beacon in new york last six allman bros band can wait to put them on pono
if it's a couple weeks late so what?  relax people !!!!
@claude gingras no it's for not missing calls like for when you are listening to that pono thing
pono is a music player, ditto is for missing calls, really not the same thing...
kind of amazed that everyone backing this project hasn't signed up to the ditto project that pono is backing. that would be so cool it must be good if neil's team is backing it right!
@anyone from music farce site has anyone seen a pono over on that site maybe even the dinner party people do they have access and the software?
@creator did the people who got the ponos already have access to the store and the software for ripping the music from cd's or are they waiting as well none of them seem to be talking did they have a gag order?
pono is working on it. if they happen to run a few days late- oh well. nothing is perfect. even ps audio ran into delays with their amp on kickstarter. they have been in business more than 25 years.  pono will come thru. patience. can anybody here say they have never been late for anything? thought not. listening to rush 2112.
neil is real !!! & so is pono !!! long live the great pono charley :-)
@creator looks like a candy bar and easter is the holiday for candy
creator if you are going to change the deal, you have got to talk to the people you made a deal with and change it.
unless backers have received shipment emails and aren't informing others online, as far as i gather there have been no emails received by any backers this week. there's less than 2 days in oct. and unless mass emails go out later today or tomorrow i think you'll see more of folks wanting to know what is going on. pono communication sucks.  also where does it state that u.s. not affected?
@ryan read fred's post below yours - us not affected.
they can't ship in u.s. while at the same time working on the problem countries?...makes no sense whatsoever "we have to figure out the philippines?? customs before we can handle any shipments anywhere else"
today 1:19 pm pedram abrari "but we are starting our shipments this week. nothing has changed aside from some logistics issues with some countries that we're now trying to sort out. the countries we've run into issues with account for less than 10% of the backers. majority of october players will be delivered by mid november. as soon as we have complete clarity with the problem countries we'll inform you all."
no reason for complaint about any perceived delay. the pono has now been developed far beyond the original brief. a light that displays with hi res music; a free hi res neil young track not originally offered. a system to plug both inputs into a serious stereo system for even better sound. no complaints about that !
pono is working as fast as possible to get everything up and moving. please try to hve patience. it will be worth it. listening to bonnie raitt - nick of time.
just double checked no email yet about shipping but did get email confirming they have address and would send another email
@fred not to be the one nitpicking, but they said the october pono would be delivered (not shipped, delivered) in october. you can read this in the update talking about the negative article made about them. so they already are behind schedule, although it's to be expected from kickstarter rewards in general. :)
@john look man, so far they've been on time with everything. if nobody has gotten an email by midnight saturday then you can complain.
you know most of this banter about pono could have been put to rest if the company was just a little better about communicating. they seriously need to hire a better pr person.
i haven't received shipping info yet either but having said that i didn't receive shipping info for the poster and received that. with the demise of the ipod classic recently which i thought wouldn't happen for a while longer, i really hope the pono survives long term. the pono is such a niche product/market.
well said, bill. so spot on.
the darkness has always been a friend ... long live my very lovely pono evermore
go giants!
signature model backer here. no shipment email yet...
far too many people have invaded this forum with complaints. very unpono. confucius says ' it is better to light one small candle than to curse the darkness'
nice vacation any word on anyone getting n email about a delivery date ?
@ graeme what ever your on, is that shit legal?
we are getting close. long live pono. listening to  dogs of war - pink floyd.
@bryan what shipping email? the ks update or from directly from pono?
i was early too, no tracking.  i did get the original shipping email
has anyone actually received a shipment notification? i am one of the first 200 backers, and i have received nothing.
ryan mcfarland..... i hope you have no scottish blood in your mcfarland?.....if so you are hereby rechristened mcmoanin! good news is neil phoned and said he would send your pono to that rocketship that your pledged on..... so have a wee keek thru that porthole and see if the space postie man is floating outside with your special mcmoanin edition pono! dunno which neil phoned tho'?
ryan mcfarland.... i've pledged your name for the new pono rocketship which has just the one seat and is heading "to infinity & beyond"..... here's hoping they meet your pledge?...... cos i won't be able to hear you moaning from space! get a life, get a pono, get real, get off the bus!..... and from scotland uk.... we have free speech as well!
long live pono !
@mark, the comments section here is yo core of neil young's base ! kinda like a rat-bumper-ball arcade  :-;) https://m.youtube.com/watch… long live pono
were so close! been thinking all week that some of us will get an email by at most on halloween, but technically nov 1st is still in the last week of oct.
@agree bill omand. think how many 1000's of people apple employs to bring new product to market. listening to talking heads - naked. in  24-96.
well said bill. people act like this pono player will solve world peace and hunger. it's just a damn music player. this forum is frickin nuts... (but i truly can't wait to get mine!!!)
wow there are some seriously short sighted emotionally stunted people here. every single pledge to the right says "estimated delivery". there has never been a promise on dates anywhere. pono wanted (and planned for) 800k in pledges and got 6.2m. they've accomplished more than in 6 months than a lot of established companies could handle. we're in good hands folks. take it easy.
i cant find my comment, but what headphones are you guys using
@drew think his last name was hoyt or something similar. can't find it now. listening to money - pink floyd. fm radio.
@creator, ponomusic needs / should be working to promote new artist start-up- showcases https://musicindustryblog.wordpress.com/start-up-showcase/ the question seems to be who might be the golden troll here � long live pono
rueben most online forums generally do..................
i see that this place has become a pit.
you honestly think people who pledged would be ok w/ not receiving anything??  i think you need your head examined. and they are behind by almost a month.
you didn't pay, you pledged.  there were no promises  of any description, empty or broken.  as o'boogie said there are no promises on kickstarter, you pays your money yous take your chances.  and as yet they are not behind on anything. i love paying hundred$ for something over 6 months ago and told it would arrive by now and empty promise after promise.
my favorite troll statement, "i can say what i want. this is still america! you shut up!" never stops being hilarious to me. oh. another favorite? get a life. awesome. totally awesome.
get a life!
@samuel, hahahahaha.
opps! http://www.youtube.com/watch…
nope. not going to shut up. i strongly suggest you take a very large chill pill and pull your head out. thanks in advance. signed, not a kickstarter moderator who is sick of the whining
are you a kickstarter moderator?? no you're not! so shut up! i'm calling pono on their shit and this is still america and i can do whatever i damn well please!!
some people should not be allowed to use kickstarter. you were promised nothing. you were guaranteed nothing. you chose to back a project that may or may not happen. this one definitely will, but it won't happen faster just because you throw a hissy fit. get. a. grip. and please never, ever back another kickstarter project. please. for the sake of people who do understand the concept.
@fred cracklin : don't wait for rsd get it out the back-door from germany via croatia : ) http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/neil-young-official-release-series-5-8-4lp-180g-limited-edition-box-/221588963178…
www.recordstoreday.com/specialreleases on a brighter note neil's releasing a 5-8 lp box set on rsd's black friday and some sweet looking t-shirts too.
@ jim r my thoughts exactly! i love paying hundred$ for something over 6 months ago and told it would arrive by now and empty promise after promise. what's next another update on a previous update on a previous update??? wtf pono?!?!?!
@samuel thanks, better info than anything i could find. i still have a hard time imagining neil letting that slide. with both pono and vinyl you're paying over $100, i swear i saw an interview where he mentioned wanting a high res dl with every lp purchase.
on march 21st 2014 @creator mentions in a post here: "yes. our promise to provide the highest resolution unadulterated music based on the highest quality master available from the labels. we obtain our masters directly from the labels with no middlemen. we will absolutely have quality standards. in cases where no hi-quality digital master exists, based on community demand we will go back to the analog master and create a hi-res master ourselves." now that's something we can all look forward too after getting our pono's!! @ponopolls : )
neil young esquire interview published 13th march 2014: the good part for pono backers : ) neil young said in this interview at the height of the kickstater campaign quote from esquire video. “ ecosystem to supply the music for it & we guarantee that this is the best you can get, this is the best available & if it becomes available any better than that you won't have to pay to get it any better from us, it'll come, you download it again and it'll be better than it was , what you had, so if the tracks improve with quality because they get re transferred or whatever happens, the ones that have already been purchased, those belong to the people, when we sell you the best, you get the best! when the best gets better you get it and you keep it. “ fantastic that this has borne through, would like to see it established for all kickstarters not just player pledger's though. but it's hard to knock.
neil young esquire interview published 13th march 2014: the good part for pono backers : ) http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@fred cracklin: storytone on vinyl will come with an mp3 download not a pono 192/24. if that makes you a bit peeved that to get the vinyl & the 192/24 you have to buy twice then i completely understand. all the options and info below. http://neilyoung.warnerartists.net/en/catalog/product/view/id/94671… http://neilyoung.warnerreprise.com/storytone/3rd/
who was that, doug?
3 day left for shipping? what is going on!
there is a customer on the pono music website forums that has had his player for about 2 months. today he admitted to being a beta tester. he thought the pono music player sounded very good, he compared it to a seperate headphone amp. listening to donald fagen - morph the cat.
i can't find any info. i was wrong though its not on third man, those 2 were on reprise. supposedly comes with a mp3 but that was a weak source (amazon).
i guess we'll see, then.
what do you mean that's not how it works? i buy lps all the time that come with a digital dl. im sure third man own's the licensing, but its a small american indie label that neil's released 2 albums on. i believe i've heard neil in an interview mentioning he wanted all albums released that way pono or not.
nope. no digital download. that's not how it works. wait and buy it at pono.
thanks don. here's how a proper post should be. anybody know if the storytone vinyl will come with a pono digit download? it's released by third man which it would be the first album from a non major label. i think third man would be a good place to start to get all their albums to have a free or discounted pono dl.
also, burning books? good lord. might be a touch of overstatement there, pal. ffs.
bless your heart, if you think you are the first person to make the tampon joke, you must not get out much. how very flattering to think you spent two whole seconds to google for an image of tampons. how are you going to explain that to your mommy when she sees your web history? hahahaha. there are some truly mental people here. truly. mental.
also, for the record and all that...posting song lyrics and other "pointless" long comments isn't anything like "burning books"! your comments (and everybody else's) are still right where they were left/posted. to view them, you will just have to scroll down a bit more than you are used to/comfortable with. nobody burned up your precious words or anybody else's. just keep scrolling down and click the older posts button, and you will see. see?
how about those!?! i believe they are officially sanctioned words suitable for sharing over the interweb!
the pono player the ponoplayer transports you to a sublime musical experience, from the most delicate passages of a string quartet to the thunderous power of a heavy metal band. this portable audio player uses circuitry taken straight from ayre's own top-of-the-line products, costing tens of thousands of dollars, for unparalleled sound quality and unrivaled listening pleasure. pono supports playback of high-fidelity audio of up to 192khz/24 bit resolution. the ponoplayer includes two 1/8 inch (3.5 mm) audio output jacks which offer you four modes of operation: 1) personal listening mode via headphones or earbuds, 2) home stereo or in-car listening mode with fixed volume output, 3) ponoshare mode with two pairs of headphones/earbuds, 4) balanced mode provides ultra-performance for advanced users, separating left and right channel outputs across the two jacks. great for use with high-impedance headphones, high-end home stereo systems, or professional equipment using balanced xlr input connectors. audio files can be loaded onto the ponoplayer using the pono music center desktop application (soon to be released on windows and macos). the ponoplayer can also be sideloaded as a usb storage device (windows, macos, linux).
pono backer irvin owens jr: coming into the listening party, i really didn't expect to be so deeply moved by the experience of listening to music on the pono. when i got into the headphone room, and put on the headphones, the first few seconds i didn't really catch the difference from my nexus 5 playing hd tracks content. certainly, the analog stage of the pono was better, but i didn't notice the improvement right away... that would change. after about the tenth second, enough to become adjusted to the music, i realized. there were huge amounts of detail that i hadn't heard in the recordings before, which was now asserting itself; the sound stage was deep and stable. the temporal distortion to which i had grown accustomed, listening to compressed audio, wasn't there. i could sink into the content and let it wash over me. the device had a completely intuitive interface and navigation was easy. the team didn't try to guide us or limit us in our interaction with the devices and i encountered no glitches, stuttering, or any of the bugs that normally accompany playing high quality music back at that bitrate. the vibe was super comfortable and everyone participating was fun and accessible. the next track that i tried, i knew would not be worthy of the device, though i love the album, the master wasn't great. metallica's metallica is really difficult, it is highly compressed, and noisy. even at nearly full volume, however the pono delivered. finally, i wanted to get into something where the master was audiophile grade, so i chose michael jackson's human nature. imo human nature contains a lot of out of phase, and off phase content that drives aac and mp3 encoders crazy. in almost all cases the compressed versions are unlistenable. even if you have a device that can play 192/24 content, and you have the remastered edition, the amplifier stage typically falls down and you end up with something of an unstable sound stage. the pono delivered again, this was not even with the super high-end headphones, that would come later. the pono had the sound quality of a separates system, external dac, tube headphone amp, all in a tidy package. simply amazing. i was also surprised by how much fun it was to share music with the two headphone jacks. the social experience only amplified the experience. it is always fun to see what music other people enjoy. i went over to the headphone station where there was a player with an assortment of headphones available and plugged in my grado 225i cans. i really love those cans, but i had never heard them sound so good. at home i use an older fiio e7/e9 combo which puts out 3w and can really drive the grados, but it still doesn't sound like it did on the pono. we tried daft punk, and pearl jam; it was like hearing them both again for the first time. you could actually hear that pharrell was in a booth because the echo was damped differently than the rest of the track. that has never been accessible in those cans prior. when i got around to listening to the audeze lcd-3, we played an eagles track. the world disappeared and i was standing in front of the band many years ago, experiencing what they were experiencing. my turn with the audeze lcd-3 over, i moved back over to a station with the [sennheiser] momentum. when i played "what's goin' on" by marvin gaye, i was completely sold. i felt mournful, as though i had lost something in the past and was just discovering that it was gone. i don't know when i accepted 'good enough', but listening to that i realized that i had and that it was time for it to stop. finally we went into a room where they had a ayer acoustics ax-5 being driven by the pono in it's balanced output configuration. the speakers looked like sony's ss-na2es speakers, but i'm not entirely certain. so the setup was high quality but not ferrari audio quality ( still way out of my league though ;-) ). from the first notes of adele's skyfall, my heart lept. i was deeply moved by the music and had the same experience as with the lcd-3, everything disappeared. we went through a few other tracks, including daft punk's "get lucky". everything was mind blowing. i am ruined for anything else, and can't wait to get the player into my hands, loaded up with quality masters. nothing i have experienced sonically compares to the pono at the price. once, i had the opportunity to listen to igor stravinsky on vinyl in a small audio shop off of the akihabara in japan. the speakers were the classic infinity towers with a great tube amplifier and a thorens turntable ( this was a while ago ). i remember thinking that nothing could ever sound as good, perhaps that is when i gave up, i knew that i would never own anything like that so i might as well settle. i believe that the pono / ax-5 / sony setup is probably 80% of the way there for 1/5 the money. if you are a head-phile, then you can probably get there for way less, all you need is the pono and a pair of mid-grade cans.
thank you pono means righteous. it is a hawaiian word, the one, the pureness. on behalf of pono, we thank you for helping us give music a voice. you have helped to set the stage for a revolution in music listening. finally, quality enters the listening space so that we can all hear and feel what the artists created, the way they heard and felt it. this is done when the artist makes the best available, wanting to share it with you. it happens when the artist lets you hear and feel more than what is on your cd or mp3 of any song. cds and mp3s are derived from the original masters, and now, with the ponoplayer, you can finally feel the master in all its glory, in its native resolution, cd quality or higher, the way the artist made it, exactly. that’s the beauty of pono. it’s been a long time coming. it was not easy getting this far, but you made it happen by supporting pono’s vision for better listening. we have been working with the labels, with the artists and producers, and we will continue to do that. we go to the source to find the best and bring it to you. pono wants to preserve the history of music, in all of its beauty and expression, for all time. forever. there is a way to do this right, and we are going to do it. we will be sharing how we will do this with you over the next few months, while we build your first ever ponoplayers. we are going to do some revolutionary things. we will make music available in a way that has never been done, a way that allows for constantly attaining the best listening experience. thank you to the artists, the recording companies, big and small, and most of all, thanks to you music lovers for making this happen with your amazing support. thanks for listening, neil young and the ponomusic team neil young's signature
dear pono backers, even though this information was previously included in update 46, we're reposting it as it appears many of you may have missed it. ponoplayer shipments begin last week of october we plan to ship the october kickstarter ponoplayer rewards beginning the last week of october and we anticipate completing them by mid-november. each of you will be notified via email when your player is shipped. generally, the earlier kickstarter pledges and signature series players will get priority for shipment. when your player is shipped, you will also get access to the pono music purchases beta program. this means you will get access to the ponomusic world (desktop app) and be able to purchase and download music. keep in mind that we will be in beta mode until after all kickstarter rewards have been shipped. also, please keep in mind that the store is currently only open in usa meaning that that the billing address for your credit card must be in the usa. we anticipate launching the store in uk and canada in first quarter of 2015 and then expand internationally. we have some more good news for those who pledged for ponoplayers with an expected delivery of december 31. we anticipate shipping all ponoplayers in time for christmas! october ponoplayer rewards shipping begins in last week of october and should be completed by mid november. you will receive an email notifying you of your shipment along with a ups tracking number. december ponoplayer rewards shipping begins last week of november and should be completed in time for christmas. you will receive an email notifying you of your shipment along with a ups tracking number. challenges with certain countries our logistics team informs us that certain countries' laws and regulations (mostly those outside of us, canada, and eu) may result in delivery challenges. if you happen to be from one of these countries, we will be reaching out to you shortly to work with you to overcome these issues and ship you your reward. please be on the lookout for messages from our logistics team on kickstarter . thanks for your support, mahalo from the ponomusic team
there has been useful information here. backers who contributed hundreds (or in my case, thousands) of dollars toward the success of neil's dream try to keep current on both sites (here and salesforce). some of us try to keep up with everything that is pono. it's really rude for pono employees, agents or just crazed fanboys to hijack and clobber this comments thread every time they imagine a threat in the slightest hint of a pono criticism. . i'm sure anybody intelligent enough to recognize pono's potential is sure smart enough to see through the trolls and the whiners. by the same token, they're also smart enough to recognize (and be immensely offended by) the deliberate and blatant attempts at censorship. . posting song lyrics to wipe out and censor a public forum is the same as going to a public library and burning books that contain statements that annoy you. and even if burning books or childish vandalism of public forums is shamelessly okay in your world, please stop stealing copyrighted lyrics for your nazi tactics -- you don't own the publishing rights. . please stop interfering with our right to keep up on a kickstarter campaign we poured money into, in one of the only pono forums open to public viewing (which salesforce isn't). most of all, please stop embarrassing us for being backers.
ob, http://www.apollopharmacy.in/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/o/b/obt0005_2.jpg
bless.
@ob, defined by psychologists, a psychopath is someone who does not forge the emotional bonds that normal people do and do not empathize with others. they tend to see people as means to their own ends, rather than as individuals. these emotional abnormalities manifest in their speech patterns in a few interesting ways. the psychopaths who were interviewed tended to use a lot of causal phrases like “so” and “because.” the researchers interpreted this to mean that they were explaining their crimes away as a “logical outcome of a plan (something that ‘had’ to be done to achieve a goal).’” in contrast, other convicted criminals who are not psychopaths tend to use more language around religion and their own guilt when describing their crime. the researchers observed other aberrations in psychopaths’ speech. psychopaths in the study spoke of basic needs like food and money twice as much as the other subjects in the study, and they also use more disfluencies (phrases like “uh” or “umm”) to break up their speech. learn more about disfluencies here. long live pono
@fred, bye bye. :-)
i'm not saying my excitement to receive my player hasn't made me a bit crazy. if you insist on spamming with lyrics go ahead. what's next on the jukebox? don mclean's american pie? billy joel's piano man? this pono party is filled with squares.  i'm out.
thanks o'boogie your the best.
@siltech, i'm sorry that happened. that person who shall not be named has serious issues. he's a couple of tacos short of a combination platter, so fear not — the wheels are in motion, mate.
currently listening to storytone stream from npr- http://www.npr.org/player/v2/mediaplayer.html…
@moaning
@fred, i know it is a pain in the ass to navigate on a phone. i have the same issue.  i just don't see why people need to come here and have a poop on pono® party. it's annoying and pointless. it makes me vaguely concerned for the mental health of those who insist upon continuing to do it.
the pono forum is great for indepth topics, but it's a pain in the ass to navigate through on a mobile. i just don't understand why we cant stay on topic.
@john is right. if you want current comments, go to the actual pono forum. as for updates, they also come to your email. i'm so tired of the same old trolls whining about the same old things. one of the whiners in particular is just waiting on his pono so he can list it on ebay. no. one. cares. hope you make a fortune. blah blah blah, you hate pono. we get it. so long!
@jack, i wish i could understand that gobbledygook, but i cannot. alas, i shall continue to say and post whatever i like. buh-bye now.
i think the "updates" are two tabs to the left of the "comments" tab... i'd check there for "updates" that mean anything, or better yet, go over to the real pono site for all kinds of useful posts/updates. this "comments" aspect of kickstarter is about useless...except for those who are trying to put pono down or just complain for their own pleasure.
wow the graffiti artists have been in and remodelled the place. a right old spam-fest.
people posting lyrics are trolling.
agree with ben and met eo.  it is easier to scroll past trollers than pages of song lyrics
thanks ben...i don't check this forum for lyrics.  those are available on other sites. just looking for pono news and comments. b
are all these lyrics necessary? i mean were down to seger now? i love the man, but shit it's one of the 12 songs still played on the fm. i know there was some trolling goin on earlier but  this is obnoxious, you guys are flooding and there's loads of anxious backers in hopes of updates.
bob seger – turn the page  on a long and lonesome highway east of omaha you can listen to the engine moanin' out his one note song you can think about the woman or the girl you knew the night before but your thoughts will soon be wandering the way they always do when you're ridin' sixteen hours and there's nothin' much to do and you don't feel much like ridin', you just wish the trip was through here i am on the road again there i am up on the stage here i go playin' star again there i go turn the page well you walk into a restaurant, strung out from the road and you feel the eyes upon you as you're shakin' off the cold you pretend it doesn't bother you but you just want to explode most times you can't hear 'em talk, other times you can all the same old cliches, "is that a woman or a man?" and you always seem outnumbered, you don't dare make a stand here i am on the road again there i am up on the stage here i go playin' star again there i go turn the page out there in the spotlight you're a million miles away every ounce of energy you try to give away as the sweat pours out your body like the music that you play later in the evening as you lie awake in bed with the echoes from the amplifiers ringin' in your head you smoke the day's last cigarette, rememberin' what she said here i am on the road again there i am up on the stage here i go playin' star again there i go turn the page here i am on the road again there i am up on the stage here i go playin' star again there i go turn the page there i go there i go
weird al - trapped in the drive-thru seven o'clock in the evening watchin somethin' stupid on tv i'm zoned out on the sofa when my wife comes in the room and sees me she says "is this 'behind the music' with lynard skynard?" and i say "i don't know. say, it's gettin' late...what you wanna do for dinner? she says "i kinda had a big lunch. so i'm not super hungry." i said "well you know, baby, i'm not starvin' either but i could eat." she said "so what do you have in mind?" i said "i don't know what about you?" she said "i don't care, if you're hungry, let's eat." i said "that's what we're gonna do!" "but first you gotta tell me what it is you're hungry for!" and she says "let me think... ...what's left in our refrigerator?" i said "well, there's tuna, i know." she said "that went bad a week ago!" i said "is the chili ok?" she said "you finished that yesterday!" i hopped up and i said "i don't know, do you want to get something delivered?" she's like "why would i want to eat liver? i don't even like liver!" i'm like "no, i said 'delivered'." she's like "i heard you say liver!" i'm like "i should know what i said..." she's like "whatever, i just don't want any liver!" well i was gonna say something but my cell phone started to ring now who could be callin' me? well i checked my caller id it was just cousin larry callin' for the third time today... my wife said "let it go to voicemail." i said, "ok." "where were we? oh, dinner, right so what d'ya want to do?" she said "why don't you whip up somethin in the kitchen?" "yeah," i said, "why don't you?" and then she said "baby, can't we just go out to dinner, please?" i says "no" she says "yes" i says "no" she says "yes" i says "no" she says "yes... ...oh, here's your keys" i step a little bit closer say "ok, where ya want to go?" she says "how about the ivy?" i said "yeah, well i don't know..." i don't feel like gettin all dressed up and eatin' expensive food she's says "olive garden?" i say "nah, i'm not in the mood... ...and burrito king would make me gassy there's no doubt" she says "just forget about it" i said "no, i swear i'm gonna take you out!" then i get an idea i says "i know what we'll do!" she says "what?" i say "guess" she says "what?" i say "we're goin' to the drive-thru!" so we head out the front door open the garage door then i open the car doors and we get in those car doors put my key in the ignition and then i turn it sideways then we fasten our seat belts as we pull out the driveway then we drive to the drive-thru heading off to the drive-thru we're approaching the drive-thru getting close to the drive-thru! almost there at the drive-thru now we're here at the drive thru here in line at the drive-thru did i mention the drive-thru? well here we are in the drive-thru line, me and her. cars in front of us, cars in back of us. all just waiting to order there's some idiot in a volvo with his brights on behind me i lean out the window and scream "hey, what you trying to do, blind me?" my wife says "maybe we should park... ...we could just go eat inside." i said "i'm wearin' bunny slippers so i ain't leavin' this ride..." now a woman on a speaker box is sayin' "can i take your order, please?" i said "yes indeed, you certainly can we'd like two hamburgers with onions and cheese." then my wife says "baby, hold on, i've changed my mind! i think i'm gonna have a chicken sandwich instead, this time" i said "you always get a cheeseburger!" she says "that's not what i'm hungry for." i put my head in my hands and screamed, "i don't know who you are anymore!" the voice on the speaker says "i don't have all day!" i said "then, take our order, and we'll be on our way! i wanna get a chicken sandwich and i want a cheeseburger, too she's like "you want onions on that?" i'm like "yeah, i already said that i do... ...plus we need curly fries and don't you dare forget it! and two medium root beers no, just one, we'll split it." then i said "i'm guessin' that you're probably not too bright... so read me back my order let's make sure you got it right." she says "one, you want a chicken sandwich. two, you want a cheeseburger three, curly fries, and a large root beer" "stop, don't go no further!" "i never ordered a large rootbeer i said medium, not large!" then she says "we're havin' a special, i supersized you at no charge." "oh." and that's all i could say, was "oh." and she says "now there is somethin' else that i really think you should know. you can have unlimited refills for just a quarter more..." i say "great, except we're in the drive thru... so what would i want that for?" then she says "wait a minute your voice sounds so familiar...hey, is this paul? and my wife is all like "no, that ain't paul, now tell me, who's this paul? she says "oh, he's just some guy who goes to school with me. i sat behind him last year and i copied off him in geometry. i said "i know a guy named paul. he used to be my plumber he was prematurely bald and he moved to pittsburgh last summer. he also had bladder problems and a really bad infection on his toe." and she said "mister, please, you can stop right there, that's way more than i needed to know!" and then we both were quiet and things got real intense then she says "next window please, that'll be five dollars and eighty two cents." so we inched ahead in line movin' painfully slow i got a little bored so i turned on the radio... [song plays] [click] turned it off because my wife was getting a headache so we both just sat there quietly for her sake. then i looked at her and she looked back at me and i said "um, i think you have somethin' in your teeth." she turned away from me and then turned back and said "did i get it?" i said "yeah. well, i mean, most of it... but hey, ya know, don't sweat it." then she said "how about now?" i said "yeah, almost. there's still a little bit there but don't worry, it's probably just a piece of toast." now we're at the pay window or whatever you call it put my hand in my pocket i can't believe there's no wallet! and the lady at the window's like, "well, well, well, that'll be five eighty two." i turn around to my wife, and say "how much have you got on you?" she just rolls her eyes and says "i'll pay for this, i guess." so she reaches into her purse and busts out the american express i hand it to the lady and she says "oh, dear. it's gotta be cash only we don't take credit cards here." i took back the card and said "gee, really? well that sucks." and that's when i found out my wife was only carryin' three bucks. i said "i thought you were going to hit the atm today" she says "i never got around to it so where's your wallet anyway? and i said "nevermind, just help me to find some change..." now the lady at the window is lookin at me kinda strange... and she says "mister, please, we gotta move this line along" i said "now hold your stinkin' horses lady, we won't be long." we looked around inside the glove-box and check the mat beneath my feet i found a nickel in the ashtray and a couple pennies and a dime in the space between he seats before long i had a little pile of coins of every sort the lady counts it up and says "you're still about a dollar short" and now my woman's got this weird look frozen on her face she screams, "you know i wasn't even really hungry in the first place" and so i turned around to the cashier again i shrugged and said "ok forget the chicken sandwich then" so i pick up my change pick up my receipt and i drive to the pickup window man, i just can't wait to eat and now we see this acne ridden kid about sixteen wearin' a dorky nametag that says "hello, my name is eugene." and he hands me a paper bag i look him in the eyes and i say to him "hey, eugene, can i get some ketchup for my fries?" well he looks at me and i look at him and he looks at me and i look at him and he looks at me and i look at him and he says "i'm sorry what did you want again?" i say "ketchup!" and he says "oh yeah, that's right... ...i just spaced out there for a second i'm really kind of burnt tonight." and then he hands me the ketchup and now we're finally drivin' away and the food is drivin' me mad with its intoxicating bouquet i'm starvin' to death by the time we pull up at the traffic light i say "baby, gimme that burger, i just gotta have a bite!" so she reaches in the bag and pulls out the burger and she hands me the burger and i pick up the burger and then i unwrap the paper i bite into those buns and i just can't believe it they forgot the onions!
weird al - jurassic park i recall the time they found those fossilized mosquitoes and before long, they were cloning dna now i'm being chased by some irate veloceraptors well, believe me... this has been one lousy day jurassic park is frightning in the dark all the dinosaurs are running wild someone shut the fence off in the rain i admit it's kinda eerie but this proves my chaos theory and i don't think i'll be coming back again on no i cannot approve of this attraction 'cause getting disemboweled always makes me kinda mad a huge tyrannosaurus ate our lawer well, i suppose that proves... they're really not all bad jurassic park is frightning in the dark all the dinosaurs are running wild someone let t. rex out of his pen i'm afraid those things'll harm me 'cause they sure don't act like barney and they think that i'm their dinner, not their friend oh no jurassic park is frightning in the dark all the dinosaurs are running wild what a crummy weekend this has been well, this sure ain't no e-ticket think i'll tell them where to stick it 'cause i'm never coming back this way again oh no... oh no
rock and roll!!!
weird al - yoda i met him in a swamp down in dagobah where it bubbles all the time like a giant carbonated soda s o d a, soda i saw the little runt sitting there on a log i asked him his name and in a raspy voice he said "yoda" y o d a, yoda yo-yo-yo-yo yoda well, i've been around, but i ain't never seen a guy who looks like a muppet, but he's wrinkled and green oh, my yoda yo-yo-yo-yo yoda well, i'm not dumb, but i can't understand how he can lift me in the air just by raising his hand oh, my yoda yo-yo-yo-yo yoda yo-yo-yo-yo yoda well, i left home just a week before and i've never ever been a jedi before but obi wan, he set me straight, of course he said, "go to yoda and he'll show you the force" well i'm not the kind that would argue with ben so it looks like i'm gonna start all over again with my yoda yo-yo-yo-yo yoda yo-yo-yo-yo yoda yoda yo-yo-yo-yo yoda yo-yo-yo-yo yoda so i used the force i picked up a box i lifted some rocks while i stood on my head well, i won't forget what yoda said he said, "luke, stay away from the darker side and if you start to go astray, let the force be your guide" oh, my yoda yo-yo-yo-yo yoda "i know darth vader's really got you annoyed but remember, if you kill him, then you'll be unemployed" oh, my yoda yo-yo-yo-yo yoda well, i heard my friends really got in a mess so i'm gonna have to leave yoda i guess but i know that i'll be coming back some day i'll be playing this part 'till i'm old and gray the long-term contract i had to sign says i'll be making these movies till the end of time with my yoda yo-yo-yo-yo yoda yo-yo-yo-yo yoda yoda yo-yo-yo-yo yoda yo-yo-yo-yo yoda yoda yo-yo-yo-yo yoda yo-yo-yo-yo yoda yoda yo-yo-yo-yo yoda yo-yo-yo-yo yoda yoda yo-yo-yo-yo yoda yo-yo-yo-yo yoda yoda yo-yo-yo-yo yoda yo-yo-yo-yo yoda yoda yo-yo-yo-yo yoda yo-yo-yo-yo yoda
rolling stones – sympathy for the devil lyrics please allow me to introduce myself i'm a man of wealth and taste i've been around for a long, long year stole many a man's soul to waste and i was 'round when jesus christ had his moment of doubt and pain made damn sure that pilate washed his hands and sealed his fate pleased to meet you hope you guess my name but what's puzzling you is the nature of my game i stuck around st. petersburg when i saw it was a time for a change killed the czar and his ministers anastasia screamed in vain i rode a tank held a general's rank when the blitzkrieg raged and the bodies stank pleased to meet you hope you guess my name, oh yeah ah, what's puzzling you is the nature of my game, oh yeah (woo woo, woo woo) i watched with glee while your kings and queens fought for ten decades for the gods they made (woo woo, woo woo) i shouted out, who killed the kennedys? when after all it was you and me (who who, who who) let me please introduce myself i'm a man of wealth and taste and i laid traps for troubadours who get killed before they reached bombay (woo woo, who who) pleased to meet you hope you guessed my name, oh yeah (who who) but what's puzzling you is the nature of my game, oh yeah, get down, baby (who who, who who) pleased to meet you hope you guessed my name, oh yeah but what's confusing you is just the nature of my game (woo woo, who who) just as every cop is a criminal and all the sinners saints as heads is tails just call me lucifer 'cause i'm in need of some restraint (who who, who who) so if you meet me have some courtesy have some sympathy, and some taste (woo woo) use all your well-learned politnesse or i'll lay your soul to waste, mm yeah (woo woo, woo woo) pleased to meet you hope you guessed my name, mm yeah (who who) but what's puzzling you is the nature of my game, mm mean it, get down (woo woo, woo woo) woo, who oh yeah, get on down oh yeah oh yeah! (woo woo) tell me baby, what's my name tell me honey, can ya guess my name tell me baby, what's my name i tell you one time, you're to blame oh, who woo, woo woo, who woo, woo woo, who, who woo, who, who oh, yeah what's my name tell me, baby, what's my name tell me, sweetie, what's my name my name is rick i say woo, who, who woo, who, who rick  woo, who, who woo, who, who woo, who, who woo, who, who oh, yeah woo woo woo woo
weird al - the brady bunch you can watch mr. rogers you can watch three's company and you can turn on fame or the newlywed game or the addams family i say, you can watch barney miller and you can watch your mtv and you can watch till your eyes fall out of your head that'll be okay with me and you can watch (tv) you can watch johnny carson you can watch phil donahue and you can use tv guide to help you decide with a capsulized review say, you can watch 60 minutes even captain kangaroo but there's only one set, so whatever you watch well, you know i gotta watch it, too say, give it up, give it up, television's taking its toll that's enough, that's enough, gimme the remote control i've been nice, i've been good, please don't do this to me turn it off, turn it off, i don't want to have to see the brady bunch not the brady bunch well, the brady bunch yeah, the brady bunch it's the story of a lovely lady who was bringing up three very lovely girls all of them had hair of gold like their mother the youngest one in curls it's a story of a man named brady who was busy with three boys of his own they were four men living all together yeah, but they were all alone until the one day, one day when the lady met the fellow and they knew, and they knew it was much more than a hunch that the group, this group must somehow form a family that's the way, that's the way, that's the way they all became the brady bunch well, the brady bunch yeah, the brady bunch well, the brady bunch oh, it's the brady bunch it's the brady bunch oh, the brady bunch, yeah oh, the brady bunch it's the brady bunch well, it's the brady bunch well, it's the brady bunch well, it's the brady bunch it's the brady bunch
dio 1. stand up and shout it's the same old song you gotta be somewhere at sometime and they'll never let you fly it's like broken glass you get cut before you see it so open up your eyes you've got desire so let it out you've got the power stand up and shout shout, shout, stand up and shout you got wings of steel but they never really move you you only seem to crawl you've been nailed to the wheel but never really turning you know you've got to work it out you've got desire so let it out you've got the power stand up and shout shout, shout, stand up and shout let it out you are the strongest chain and you're not just some reflection so never hide again you are the driver you own the road you are the fire -- go on, explode let it out stand up and shout 2. holy diver holy diver you've been down too long in the midnight sea oh what's becoming of me ride the tiger you can see his stripes but you know he's clean oh don't you see what i mean gotta get away holy diver shiny diamonds like the eyes of a cat in the black and blue something is coming for you race for the morning you can hide in the sun 'till you see the light oh we will pray it's all right gotta get away-get away between the velvet lies there's a truth that's hard as steel the vision never dies life's a never ending wheel holy diver you're the star of the masquerade no need to look so afraid jump on the tiger you can feel his heart but you know he's mean some light can never be seen holy diver you've been down too long in the midnight sea oh what's becoming of me ride the tiger you can see his stripes but you know he's clean oh don't you see what i mean gotta get away holy diver 3. gypsy yeah gypsy she was straight from hell but you never could tell 'cause you were blinded by her light she could crack your brain with magic pain and turn a paler shade of white well, i was on the free, just me and me and just about to sail when i heard the voice saying you've got a choice the hammer or the nail you'll be ridin' you'll be ridin' on the gypsy i'm a gypsy well i rolled the bones to see who'd own my mind and what's within and it's a given rule that we're all fools but need to have a little sin so i'm ridin' well, i'm ridin' on the gypsy on the gypsy queen [solo] well, she was straight from hell but you never could tell 'cause you were blinded by her light and so she cracked my brain with magic pain and turned my left around to right, right so i'm ridin' i'm still ridin', yes, i'm ridin' on, on the gypsy on the gypsy queen she's mean 4. caught in the middle looking inside of yourself you might see someone you don't know ooh ooh maybe it's just what you need letting the river in you flow you can sail away to the sun and let it burn you while it can i walk along the bloody road like the hero who never ends you'll feel it, you'll feel it you'll feel the rush of it all oh ooh oh oh oh oh flying away in the clouds you're no more losing your control ooh and finding your way in the dark like some poor forgotten soul you'll feel it, you'll see it, you'll feel the rush of the city lights i feel it, i see it in your eyes you're caught in the middle just like the way you've always been caught in the middle helpless again looking inside of yourself you might see someone you don't know ooh ooh maybe it's just what you need letting the river of nowhere send you flow you can feel it you can see it you'll know the rush of thunder, yeah you'll feel it i see it in your eyes you're caught in the middle just like the way you've always been caught in the middle helpless again like the rush of a thunder that brings you under there's some kind of spark you're caught right there in the middle you're caught in the middle caught in the middle again all night long yeah hmm hmm hmm you're feeling caught in the middle 5. don't talk to strangers don't talk to strangers hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm don't talk to strangers 'cause they're only there to do you harm don't write in starlight 'cause the words may come out real don't hide in doorways you may find the key that opens up your soul don't go to heaven 'cause it's really only hell don't smell the flowers they're an evil drug to make you lose your mind don't dream of women 'cause they'll only bring you down hey, you, you know me you can touch me. i'm real i'm forever the one that lets you look and see can you feel me? i'm danger, i'm the stranger and i, i'm darkness i'm anger, i'm pain, i'm the master the evil song you sing inside your brain drive you insane don't talk don't let them inside your mind yeah run away, run away, go no, no, don't let them in your mind or catch your soul don't dance in darkness you may stumble and you're sure to fall don't write in starlight 'cause the words may come out real don't talk to strangers (don't talk) 'cause they're only there to make you sad don't dream of women 'cause they'll only bring you down yeah run, run, run, run away 6. straight through the heart hanging from the cobwebs in you mind it looks like a long, long way to fall no one ever told me life was kind i guess i never heard it i never heard it all living in a world of make believe i can hide behind what's real but wearing your emotions on your sleeve and they all know what you feel and here it comes again straight through the heart straight through the heart oh, never tell a secret with your eyes it's the eyes that let you down tell a little truth with many lies it's the only way i've found oh, here it comes again straight through the heart straight through the heart shout to the wind how can you hurt me this way oh, once it begins it looks like it's coming to stay [x2] hanging from the cobwebs in you mind it looks like a long, long way to fall no one ever told me life was kind i guess i never heard it i never heard it all in the middle of the heart no, don't stand still they'll get you right through your heart here it comes here it comes again straight through the heart 7. invisible if your circle stays unbroken then you're a lucky man 'cause it never, never, never has for me in the palace of the virgin lies the chalice of the soul and it's likely you might find the answer there she had thirteen years of teenage tears never a helping hand she had fourteen more of rain before she saw the sight of land she was a photograph just ripped in half a smile inside a frown and then the light the answer right inside her coming down she said i can go away i can leave here i can be invisible i'll go away he was just eighteen and in between a lady and a man his daddy's girl in momma's world that was when he ran you know the word "confused" has been abused but that's just what he was and in the spark inside the dark the answer came to call it said, you can go away you can leave here you can be be be invisible well, i grew up quick and i felt the kick of life upon a stage so i bought the book and took a fast look at just the very last page it was a single word that i'd just heard from the two that came before the only way to really stay is to walk right out the door so you can go away i'm gonna leave here i can be invisible and go away again i can go away when i leave here i can be invisible i said when i've gone away lord you know it's right to leave here so i just became invisible i went away, i disappeared before your eyes. you never touch me you never feel me you'll never see me again because i've just become unseen well i'm a photograph that's been torn in half we're all eighteen and we're in between we need a helping hand to the holy land to be invisible to go away 8. rainbow in the dark when there's lightning you know it always bring me down 'cause it's free and i see that it's me who's lost and never found i cry out for magic i feel it dancing in the light it was cold, lost my hold to the shadows of the night no sign of the morning coming you've been left on your own like a rainbow in the dark a rainbow in the dark do your demons, do they ever let you go? when you've tried do they hide deep inside. is it someone that you know? you're just a picture you're an image caught in time we're a lie you and i we're words without a rhyme there's no sign of the morning coming you've been left on your own like a rainbow in the dark just a rainbow in the dark yeah [solo] when i see lightning you know it always brings me down 'cause it's free and i see that it's me who's lost and never found feel the magic i feel it floating in the air but it's fear and you'll hear it calling—you beware—look out there's no sign of the morning coming there's no sign of the day you've been left on your own like a rainbow like a rainbow in the dark yeah yeah you're a rainbow in the dark just a rainbow in the dark no sign of the morning you're a rainbow in the dark whoa oh oh 9. shame on the night shame on the night for places i've been and what i've seen for giving me the strangest dreams but
rolling stones – gimme shelter  oh, a storm is threat'ning my very life today if i don't get some shelter oh yeah, i'm gonna fade away war, children, it's just a shot away it's just a shot away war, children, it's just a shot away it's just a shot away ooh, see the fire is sweepin' our very street today burns like a red coal carpet mad bull lost its way war, children, it's just a shot away it's just a shot away war, children, it's just a shot away it's just a shot away rape, murder! it's just a shot away it's just a shot away rape, murder! it's just a shot away it's just a shot away rape, murder! it's just a shot away it's just a shot away the floods is threat'ning my very life today gimme, gimme shelter or i'm gonna fade away war, children, it's just a shot away it's just a shot away it's just a shot away it's just a shot away it's just a shot away i tell you love, sister, it's just a kiss away it's just a kiss away it's just a kiss away it's just a kiss away it's just a kiss away kiss away, kiss away
weird al - the saga begins a long, long time ago in a galaxy far away naboo was under an attack and i thought me and qui-gon jinn could talk the federation into maybe cutting them a little slack but their response, it didn't thrill us they locked the doors and tried to kill us we escaped from that gas then met jar jar and boss nass we took a bongo from the scene and we went to theed to see the queen we all wound up on tatooine that's where we found this boy... oh my my this here anakin guy may be vader someday later - now he's just a small fry and he left his home and kissed his mommy goodbye sayin' "soon i'm gonna be a jedi" "soon i'm gonna be a jedi" did you know this junkyard slave isn't even old enough to shave but he can use the force, they say ah, do you see him hitting on the queen though he's just nine and she's fourteen yeah, he's probably gonna marry her someday well, i know he built c-3po and i've heard how fast his pod can go and we were broke, it's true so we made a wager or two he was a prepubescent flyin' ace and the minute jabba started off that race well, i knew who would win first place oh yes, it was our boy we started singin' ... my my this here anakin guy may be vader someday later - now he's just a small fry and he left his home and kissed his mommy goodbye sayin' "soon i'm gonna be a jedi" "soon i'm gonna be a jedi" now we finally got to coruscant the jedi council we knew would want to see how good the boy could be so we took him there and we told the tale how his midi-chlorians were off the scale and he might fulfill that prophecy oh, the council was impressed, of course could he bring balance to the force? they interviewed the kid oh, training they forbid because yoda sensed in him much fear and qui-gon said "now listen here" "just stick it in your pointy ear" "i still will teach this boy" he was singin' ... my my this here anakin guy may be vader someday later - now he's just a small fry and he left his home and kissed his mommy goodbye sayin' "soon i'm gonna be a jedi" "soon i'm gonna be a jedi" we caught a ride back to naboo 'cause queen amidala wanted to i frankly would've liked to stay we all fought in that epic war and it wasn't long at all before little hotshot flew his plane and saved the day and in the end some gunguns died some ships blew up and some pilots fried a lot of folks were croakin' the battle droids were broken and the jedi i admire most met up with darth maul and now he's toast well, i'm still here and he's a ghost i guess i'll train this boy and i was singin' ... my my this here anakin guy may be vader someday later - now he's just a small fry and he left his home and kissed his mommy goodbye sayin' "soon i'm gonna be a jedi" "soon i'm gonna be a jedi" we were singin' ... my my this here anakin guy may be vader someday later - now he's just a small fry and he left his home and kissed his mommy goodbye sayin' "soon i'm gonna be a jedi"
weird al -headline news once, there was this kid who took a trip to singapore and brought along his spray paint and when he finally came back he had cane marks all over his bottom he said that it was from when the warden whacked it so hard mmm mmm mmm mmm, mmm mmm mmm mmm [whip sound] ahh once there was this girl who swore that one day she would be a figure skating champion and when she finally made it she saw some other girl who was better [ding sound] and so she hired some guy to club her in the kneecap mmm mmm mmm mmm, mmm mmm mmm mmm [thwack sound] ahh mmm mmm mmm mmm, mmm mmm mmm mmm they got paid for their sound bites and sold their tv movie rights and then, there was this guy who made his wife so mad one night that she cut off his weiner and when he finally came to he found that mr. happy was missing he couldn't quite explain it it'd always just been there mmm mmm mmm mmm, mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm, mmm mmm mmm mmm ahh ahh (there) ahh ahh (were), ahh ahh (there) ahh ahh (is) ahh ahh (there) ahh ahh (were), ahh ahh (there) ahh ahh (is) ahh ahh (there) ahh ahh (were), ahh ahh (there) ahh ahh (is) ahh ahh (there) ahh ahh (were), ahh ahh (there) ahh ahh (is) (there were, there is) (there were, there is)
the who "my generation" people try to put us d-down (talkin' 'bout my generation) just because we get around (talkin' 'bout my generation) things they do look awful c-c-cold (talkin' 'bout my generation) i hope i die before i get old (talkin' 'bout my generation) this is my generation this is my generation, baby why don't you all f-fade away (talkin' 'bout my generation) and don't try to dig what we all s-s-say (talkin' 'bout my generation) i'm not trying to cause a big s-s-sensation (talkin' 'bout my generation) i'm just talkin' 'bout my g-g-g-generation (talkin' 'bout my generation) this is my generation this is my generation, baby why don't you all f-fade away (talkin' 'bout my generation) and don't try to d-dig what we all s-s-say (talkin' 'bout my generation) i'm not trying to cause a b-big s-s-sensation (talkin' 'bout my generation) i'm just talkin' 'bout my g-g-generation (talkin' 'bout my generation) this is my generation this is my generation, baby people try to put us d-down (talkin' 'bout my generation) just because we g-g-get around (talkin' 'bout my generation) things they do look awful c-c-cold (talkin' 'bout my generation) yeah, i hope i die before i get old (talkin' 'bout my generation) this is my generation this is my generation, baby
harry chapin – taxi lyrics 3 meanings write my explanationnew it was raining hard in 'frisco, i needed one more fare to make my night. a lady up ahead waved to flag me down, she got in at the light. oh, where you going to, my lady blue, it's a shame you ruined your gown in the rain. she just looked out the window, and said "sixteen parkside lane". something about her was familiar i could swear i'd seen her face before, but she said, "i'm sure you're mistaken" and she didn't say anything more. it took a while, but she looked in the mirror, and she glanced at the license for my name. a smile seemed to come to her slowly, it was a sad smile, just the same. and she said, "how are you harry?" i said, "how are you sue? through the too many miles and the too little smiles i still remember you. " it was somewhere in a fairy tale, i used to take her home in my car. we learned about love in the back of the dodge, the lesson hadn't gone too far. you see, she was gonna be an actress, and i was gonna learn to fly. she took off to find the footlights, and i took off to find the sky. oh, i've got something inside me, to drive a princess blind. there's a wild man, wizard, he's hiding in me, illuminating my mind. oh, i've got something inside me, not what my life's about, cause i've been letting my outside tide me, over 'till my time, runs out. baby's so high that she's skying, yes she's flying, afraid to fall. i'll tell you why baby's crying, cause she's dying, aren't we all. there was not much more for us to talk about, whatever we had once was gone. so i turned my cab into the driveway, past the gate and the fine trimmed lawns. and she said we must get together, but i knew it'd never be arranged. and she handed me twenty dollars, for a two fifty fare, she said "harry, keep the change." well another man might have been angry, and another man might have been hurt, but another man never would have let her go... i stashed the bill in my shirt. and she walked away in silence, it's strange, how you never know, but we'd both gotten what we'd asked for, such a long, long time ago. you see, she was gonna be an actress and i was gonna learn to fly. she took off to find the footlights, and i took off for the sky. and here, she's acting happy, inside her handsome home. and me, i'm flying in my taxi, taking tips, and getting stoned, i go flying so high, when i'm stoned.
tool "rosetta stoned" alright then, picture this if you will: 10 to 2 am, x, yogi dmt, and a box of krispy kremes, in my "need to know" post, just outside of area 51. contemplating the whole "chosen people" thing with just a flaming stealth banana split the sky like one would hope but never really expect to see in a place like this. cutting right angle donuts on a dime and stopping right at my birkenstocks, and me yelping... holy fucking shit! then the x-files being, looking like some kind of blue-green jackie chan with isabella rossellini lips and breath that reeked of vanilla chig champa, did a slow-mo matrix descent out of the butt end of the banana vessel and hovered above my bug-eyes, my gaping jaw, and my sweaty l. ron hubbard upper lip and all i could think was: "i hope uncle martin here doesn't notice that i pissed my fuckin' pants." so light in his way, like an apparition, he had me crying out, "fuck me, it's gotta be, deadhead chemistry, the blotter got right on top of me, got me seein' e-motherfuckin'-t!" and after calming me down with some orange slices and some fetal spooning, e.t. revealed to me his singular purpose. he said, "you are the chosen one, the one who will deliver the message. a message of hope for those who choose to hear it and a warning for those who do not." me. the chosen one? they chose me!!! and i didn't even graduate from fuckin' high school. you better. you better. you better. you better listen. then he looked right through me with somniferous almond eyes. don't even know what that means must remember to write it down. this is so real. like the time he floated away. see my heart is pounding, 'cause this shit never happens to me. can't breathe, right now! it was so real. like i woke up in wonderland. all sort of terrifying. and i don't wanna be all alone when i tell this story. and can anyone tell me why you all sound like peanut's parents will i ever be coming down? this is so real. finally it's my lucky day. see my heart is racing, 'cause this shit never happens to me. can't breathe, right now! you believe me, don't you? please believe what i just said, see the dead ain't touring. and this wasn't all in my head. see they took me by the hand and invited me right in, then they showed me something. i don't even know where to begin. strapped down my bed. feet cold and eyes red. i'm out my head. am i alive, am i dead? can't remember what they said. god damn. shit the bed! (high... i i i i i... high... i i i i i) (high) [repeated] overwhelmed as one would be, placed in my position. such a heavy burden now to be the one. born to bear and read to all the details of our ending. to write it down for all the world to see. but i forgot my pen, shit the bed again, typical. strapped down my bed. feet cold and eyes red. i'm out my head. am i alive, am i dead? sunkist and sudafed, gyroscopes and infrared. won't help, brain dead. can't remember what they said. god damn shit the bed! i...!!! can't remember what they said to me. can't remember what they said to me made out to be a hero!!! can't remember what they said. bob help me. can't remember what they said. don't know. won't know. [repeated] god damn shit the bed!
i was going to post some tool lyrics next. i don't think they would be confused with a "hippie" band. for that matter, queensryche and alice cooper aren't "hippie" bands either.
@john you forgot, smoke on the water.
@ob, now if you would join them the comments page would show john (thoughtful) stand down ob no one cares !!!
hahahaha! well done pushing the debbie downers down to the bottom of the page, @john. people really need to get a grip.
alice cooper 1. caught in a dream well i'm runnin' through the world with a gun in my back tryin' to catch a ride in a cadillac thought that i was livin' but you can't really tell been tryin' to get away from that success smell you know i need a houseboat and i need a plane i need a butler and a trip to spain i need everything the world owes me i tell that to myself and i agree i'm caught in a dream so what you don't know what i'm goin' through i'm right in between so i'll i'll just play along with you  well i'm runnin' through the world with a gun in my back tryin' to catch a ride in that cadillac thought i was livin' but you can't never tell what i thought was heaven turned out to be hell whoa whoa when you see me with a smile on my face whoa whoa then you'll know i'm a mental case whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa i'm caught in a dream so what i don't know what i'm going through i'm right in between so i'll i'll just play along with you whoa whoa ooh ooh ooh aah aah aah aah oo oo oo oo oo oo 2. i'm eighteen lines form on my face and hands lines form from the ups and downs i'm in the middle without any plans i'm a boy and i'm a man i'm eighteen and i don't know what i want eighteen i just don't know what i want eighteen i gotta get away i gotta get out of this place i'll go runnin' in outer space oh yeah i got a baby's brain and an old man's heart took eighteen years to get this far don't always know what i'm talkin' about feels like i'm livin' in the middle of doubt 'cause i'm eighteen i get confused every day eighteen i just don't know what to say eighteen i gotta get away whoa lines form on my face and my hands lines form on the left and right i'm in the middle the middle of life i'm a boy and i'm a man  i'm eighteen and i like it yes i like it oh i like it love it like it love it eighteen eighteen eighteen eighteen and i like it 3. long way to go we still got a long way to go we still got a long way to go we all got a long way to go what's keeping us apart isn't selfishness what's holding us together isn't love listen to the man who's been touched all his life yes he's the one they call the fool where is that saviour of the sidewalk life and the road that takes us to the crusades i've seen those shadows as they're moving in my sleep leading the blind poet to his grave 'cause we still got a long way to go we still got a long way to go yes we all got a long way to go please don't waste your energy on me my friend 'cause we still got a long way to go we'll meet again some day but right now just go away 'cause i still got a long way to go the silence is speaking so why am i weeping i guess i love it i love it to death yes we still got a long way to go yes we still got a long way to go yes we all got a long way to go 4. black juju touched by the toil and plunged into his arm cursed thru the night thru eyes of alarm a melody black flowed out of my breath searching for death but bodies need rest body under the soil now waiting for worms all that i feared is all that i've learned all that i know is all that i think dead feelings are cool down lower i sink ah hah bodies need rest we all need our rest sleep an easy sleep rest rest bodies need their rest we all need our rest sleep an easy sleep rest rest rest rest but come back in the morning come back hard wake up wake up wake up wake up  bodies clutching and biting my soul has caught on fire my evil is now and i'm caught up in desire everything i'm living for is all that i am liking it and loving it that's all in the plan black juju 5. is it my body what have i got that makes you want to love me is it my body or someone i might be or somethin' inside me you better tell me tell me it's really up to you have you got the time to find out who i really am oh oh ah what does it take to get inside of your mind give me a break and take a chance for the very first time you better tell me tell me it's really up to you have you got the time to find out who i really am what have i got that makes you want to love me now is it my body or someone i might be or somethin' inside me you better tell me tell me it's really up to you have you got the time to find out who i really am ah ah ooh 6. hallowed be my name gather round right now and hear me whisper the words of the prison the words of laughter the lords and the ladies were fixing their hairdos cursing their lovers cursing the bible hallowed be my name yelling at fathers screaming at mothers hallowed be my name come all you sinners come now in your glory and my ears will listen to your dirty stories you're fighting to go up 'cause you're on your way down cursing their lovers cursing the bible hallowed be my name yelling at fathers screaming at mothers hallowed be my name ahhahahahaha sluts and the hookers have taken your money the queens are out dancing but now they're not funny 'cause there goes one walkin' away with your sonny cursing their lovers cursing the bible hallowed be my name yelling at fathers screaming at mothers hallowed be my name 7. second coming i couldn't tell if the bells were getting louder the songs they ring i finally recognize i only know hell is getting hotter the devil's getting smarter all the time and it would be nice to walk upon the water to talk again to angels on my side time is getting closer i read it on a poster fanatical exposers on corners prophecy it would be nice to walk upon the water to talk again to angels at my side i just come back to show you all my words are golden so have no gods before me i'm the light 8. ballad of dwight fry mommy where's daddy he's been gone for so long do you think he'll ever come home i was gone for fourteen days i coulda been gone for more  held up in the intensive care ward lyin' on the floor i was gone for all those days but i was not all alone  i made friends with a lot of people in the danger zone see my lonely life unfold i see it every day see my only mind explode since i've gone away i think i lost some weight there and i i'm sure i need some rest  sleepin' don't come very easy in a straight white vest should like to see that little children she's only four years old old i'd give her back all of her playthings even even the ones i stole see my lonely life unfold i see it everyday see my lonely mind explode when i've gone insane i wanna get outta here i wanna get outta here i i've gotta i've gotta get outta here i i gotta get out of here i gotta get out of here i gotta get outta here i gotta get outta here ya gotta let me out of here let me outta here i gotta get outta here i gotta get outta here see my lonely life unfold i see it everyday see my only mind explode blow up in my face i grabbed my hat and i got my coat and i i ran into the street i saw a man that was choking there i guess he couldn't breathe said to myself this is very strange i'm glad it wasn't me but now i hear those sirens callin' and so i am not free i didn't wanna be i didn't wanna be i didn't wanna be see my lonely life unfold i didn't wanna be leave me alone i didn't wanna be don't touch me see my lonely mind explode when i've gone insane 9. sun arise sun arise come every mornin' sun arise come every mornin' sun arise come every mornin' bringin' back the warmth to the ground sun arise fillin' up the hollow sun arise fillin' up the hollow sun arise fillin' up the hollow bringin' back the warmth to the ground sun arise she come every mornin' sun arise each and every day sun arise she come every mornin' sun arise every every every every she drive away the darkness everyday she drive away the darkness everyday she drive away your darkness everyday bringin' back the warmth to the ground sun arise whoa oh oh sun arise whoa oh oh sun arise whoa oh oh every every every every sun arise whoa oh oh sun arise whoa oh oh sun arise whoa oh oh every every every every
queensryche 1. best i can a child alone in daddy's room the gun was hidden here no one home to catch me when i fall a young man now in a private chair i've seen the world through a bitter stare but my dream is still alive i'm going to be the best i can i want to be a busy man i want to see a change in the future i'm gonna make the best of what i have i want to write for a magazine i'm gonna be the best they've ever seen i know i'll win if i give it all i can i won't let go, gotta make the grade no, i won't let it go to be the best man, the best man that i can back street hoop star you've got it good you were the wonder of the crumbling neighborhood now taking bids on the next six digit plan showed me that my will survived the tragedy that came into my life giving me hope and the new start that i have i won't let go, gotta make the grade no, i won't let it go to be the best man, the best man that i can step by step i dream the plan from my chair to walking man this constant dream is on my mind chase the light i see ahead luminate the path i tread i live to be the best i can now i'm moving forward and i'm never looking back straight ahead, focused on the big attack on a roll and i'm never slowing down i won't be torn between the man in the chair and the man that's in my dream i'm going to melt the two men into one i won't let go, gotta make the grade i set no, i won't let it go to be the best man, the best man that i can 2. the thin line another hungry look, in her eyes again. pacing the floor, the hunt begins. skin-tight leather provides my pleasure. wake my fear, surge with the pressure. walk away and leave forever, do i dare? raise my eyes, she stands. holding out healing hands... are you happy now? i walk the thin line for you. do just what you say to, with fear as my friend, i walk the thin line one more time for you. addictive face pretending, don't speak the word. forbidden sin relenting, i barely heard... screams of entry blur my vision. wake my fear of divine intervention crawl away and bleed forever, if you dare. hand on mouth the game goes on. love, our stage to play upon. are you happy now? i walk the thin line for you. do just what you say to. with fear as my friend, i walk the thin line one more time for you. i walk the thin line for you. do just what you say to. i walk the thin line for you. do just what you say to, with fear as my friend, i walk the thin line one more time for you. 3. jet city woman every time i leave you say you won't be there. and you're always there. every time i cry your name at night, you pull close and say it's alright. i look in your eyes, just like the rain. washing me, rain wash over me. touching your face, i feel the heat of your heartbeat echo in my head like a scream. what you do to me! waited so long i can't wait another day without you. jet city woman. it's a long way, home to my jet city woman. i see her face everywhere, can't get her out of my mind. whenever i'm alone i'm thinking, there's a part missing from my life. wonder where i'd be without your love holding me together now i'm watching the time tick, tick away. face grows longer every day. fortunes are lost on the women i've seen but without you i can't breathe! you're the air to me! waited so long, i'm all alone thinking about you. jet city woman. got to find my way home to her. jet city woman. i see her face everywhere i look! jet city woman. just a thousand miles and i'll be there jet city woman, to make the clouds go away. time for some blue sky! waited so long now the plane's delayed and hour, reminds me of all our days apart. hold on, just a little longer. jet city woman. wonder where i'd be, you're the air to me. jet city woman. eyes like the rain, rain down on me. jet city woman. no more nights alone i'm almost home now. jet city woman. close my eyes, i'm there in my jet city. 4. della brown you've got a cardboard house. live there all the time. keep your memories tied with string the face that many once-adored, twenty years gone maybe more. somewhere you lost your dream. mama watched your every move, but now you're all alone. she's been gone for awhile. daddy left some time ago, fading years pass too slow. he's the only one, could make you smile. --oh, you're still crying-- big city bound. gonna make your mark. read your name in the lights. all the ads and people say, beauty lets you get your way. tried your best to prove them right. but living on the streets ain't bad, sad people make you glad. pardon me, could you spare some change? --oh, you're still crying-- street corner girl. watch the crowd go by, fill your tin can with life. summer days tend to slip away like your men you couldn't make them stay. hard to choose, whiskey or a wife. sometimes you wonder where's the end. where you goin' where you been? happiness seems so hard to win. most never care to find, della brown sees it all the time. looking for the man to make her smile again 5. another rainy night don't slam the door, on your way out don't leave without saying goodbye. another long distance night alone, you leave me wanting, always leave me wanting more. last word today, coming home to stay? wouldn't that be nice, for a while? but now my take-out food is growing cold, and the candle's burned a hole in the floor. and i'm still waiting for the ring of the phone. i'm all alone it's just another rainy night, without you. guess i'll leave a light on for you. it's just another rainy night, without you. listen, there's a foghorn blowing from the coast tonight remember making love in the rain? strange how laughter looks like crying with no sound raindrops taste like tears without the pain. i'm not much without you, can't leave if i wanted to. maybe that's why you stay around but tonight i'll sit here tending the fire and pace the floor one hundred times in an hour. and check the voice-mail for a message you've called. i'm all alone it's just another rainy night, without you. waiting by the phone. alone. it's just another rainy night, without you. guess i'll leave a light on for you. i know i've said it before hate the sound of the closing door and your footsteps walking away. [solo] but now my take-out food is growing cold, and the candle's burned a hole in the floor. and i'm still waiting for the ring of the phone.v i'm all alone it's just another rainy night, without you. waiting by the phone. alone. and it's another rainy night, without you. guess i'll leave a light on for you. it's just another rainy night, another rainy night, another rainy night without you. 6. empire last night the word came down, ten dead in chinatown. innocent, their only crime was being in the wrong place, at the wrong time too bad, people say what's wrong with the kids today i tell you right now they've got nothing to lose they're building empire! johnny used to work after school at the cinema show. gotta hustle if he wants an education yeah he's got a long way to go. now he's out on the streets all day selling crack to the people who pay. got an ak-47 for his best friend business the american way. eastside meets westside downtown. no time, the walls fall down can't you feel it coming? empire! can't you hear it calling? black man, trapped again. holds his chain in his hand. brother killing brother for the profit of another, game point, nobody wins. declines, right on time. what happened to the dream sublime? tear it all down, we'll put it up again. another empire? eastside meets westside downtown. no time, no line, the walls fall down. can't you feel it coming? empire! can't you hear it coming empire! can't someone here stop it...??!! 7. resistance protests in new york. listen to the call of the wild. brother, sisters carrying signs. breathe deep before it's too late; the sky is falling, burning your eyes. down in new orleans river's boiling. nothing living, nothing to eat. thank the lord, daddy's working 8-5. paying the doctor, baby's got cancer. give and take. has all we've learned been wrong? look around at what we've been given. maybe we've taken too long. resistance- shouts the man on the right. can't solve the problem overnight. resistance- listen to the call of the wild. burning coal. got to keep the company warm as the rain keeps killing the trees. cut 'em down quick. pay the man his wage, he's making paper to fuel the "information age". out in the midwest, hear the roar of the plough, turning grassland into sand. got to feed the people more every day but the wind keeps blowing the land away. give and take. has all we've learned been wrong? look around at what we've been given. maybe we've taken too long. resistance- shouts the man on the right. can't solve the problem overnight. resistance- liberal opposition crying violation. stop the madness. resistance- through the din, one voice we should hear. resistance- listen to the call of the wild. there's no easy solution. the price is high, and it's time to pa
queensryche 1. queen of the reich in the dead of night she'll come and take you away searing beams of light and thunder over blackened plains she will find her way flying high through the night she will hide your fate as she takes your soul from under and the blinding light of the castle fades there is no escape it's the ending of your precious life your soul slipped away it belongs to the queen of the reich the queen of the reich yeah she's coming for you you're fading away your life cast astray a victim the beast shall obtain the light will not shine for you'll die tonight at her shrine and black is the last thing you'll see over and over dreams of dying fill your head it's the sign of the cross that you'll find ahead no one will answer the light is fading away captive souls are screaming out in pain there is no escape it's the ending of your precious life your soul slipped away it belongs to the queen of the reich you're fading away, no, no, no the queen of the reich you're slipping away, yeah the queen of the reich 2. nightrider beware of night for we all know he's loose again behind him lies the eyes of mercy and despair forever living out his nightmare comes to life from hell this spell will find its way to you tonight tonight a thousand cries are heard, they echo in the wind and still the rider will unleash his chosen sin the victims of his rage are soldiers of his mind his scream will heed the call of those who stand behind the nightrider sails away the nightrider sails yeah by day the rider will have vanished from all eyes seen from within the only answer to him lies but as the rays of light begin to fade away the rider will return to carry out his stay the nightrider sails away the nightrider sails yeah beware of the night beware of the night beware of the night oh god, beware of the night 3. blinded from the night comes a roar of thunder beholding light on the spell you're under and the signs of death descend your way fighting back from the devil's hunger freeing souls from their chosen number and the sword of right will guide your way and thus you'll find that only demons fill your mind until you wake but only time will tell the answer you've been blinded from today burning dreams cause your mind to wonder iron crosses are the calling numbers and the fight for the answer still remains old but the night will reflect the hunger and the blackness will pull you under still the sword of right will guide your way and in the night you'll hear the voices calling down and they will stay but only time will tell the answer you've been blinded from today. 4. the lady wore black on a lonely walk this morning a light mist in the air dark clouds laughing at me in silence casting shadows through my hair in the distance i saw a woman dressed in black with eyes of grey she wore her pain like a shackled spirit eternal life was her debt to pay the lady wore black it's the sign of the prisoners lives the lady wore black see the years through the tears in her eyes the lady wore black her mystic power calls to me the lady wore black her love can set me free the wind song whispered a warning telling me to beware of the quiet shadowed woman and of the sadness i would share we sat for sometime together in silence never speaking in words of all her thoughts she spoke with her eyes and i listened remembering all i heard the lady wore black it's the sign of the prisoners lives the lady wore black see the years through the tears in her eyes the lady wore black her mystic power calls to me the lady wore black her love can set me free the words she spoke were of forgotten lives and of all knowledge gained mem'ries i had and didn't know why with a smile she explained i should have listened to the wind's cold warning and walked the other way i touched her soul and now i bear her sentence but for her love i'll gladly pay the lady wore black it's the sign of the prisoners lives the lady wore black see the years through the tears in her eyes the lady wore black her mystic power calls to me the lady wore black her love can set me free 5. prophecy wings of fire, are sailing past the point of no return blinding eyes, from which it hides the key seek to rise, begotten are the fools who'll never know force will hide the presence that we see there's no time to run away a prophecy will make its stay course of rage, a never ending fight for the unknown to justify the formulated scheme so we find a gleaming light to lead us far beyond the closing gates of our society there's no time to run away a prophecy will make its stay
queensryche 1. walk in the shadows what? you say you're through with me i'm not through with you we've had what others might call love you say it's over now, what's done, what's through? you can't stay away, you need me i need you when the fire starts the pain's too much for your mind you need attention, what's good is only mine i can cure the hunger that burns in your heart just come to me i'll take you home we'll walk in the shadows by day we'll live in a dream we'll walk in the shadows you say you don't feel safe alone tonight cause you feel the pressure building in your head our secret's safe for one more night but when the morning comes remember i'll be with you we'll walk in the shadows by day we'll live in a dream we'll walk in the shadows one day you'll be with me if only you believe... 2. i dream in infrared as you awoke this morning and opened up your eyes did you notice the tear-stains lining your face were mine don't you wonder, can't you see what's happening to our lives i can't keep living this masquerade when my lonely eyes see only your face at night i only see in infrared i can't dream anymore can't you see i need, too i can't stand the pain you've gathered all my secrets and i don't know who i am i even feel alone when you're near 'cause you'll never understand when we first met i must have seemed a million miles away it's strange how our lives have touched but the time is right i'll leave tonight don't look in my eyes 'cause you've never seen them so black i only see in infrared i can't dream anymore can't you see i need to i can't stand the pain 3. the whisper cries from the aisles the tolling of the judgement bell eyes watched the violence the absence of those who have seen, marks the faith of the spell cold is the viper stalking the night for the heat it must find time is the promise delivered with stunning consistency line after line, time after time the innocent victim awaits... please take my hand don't be afraid i am your master you are my slave voices are calling me back back to the day footsteps had followed me faster... listen screams from a new love the passion was burning, it singed in a stare free under the night sun the fear of the hunger will always be there in my mind time after time the morning will close a new page please take my hand don't be afraid i am your master you are my slave follow the impulse you have i'll show you the way forget what you've learned in the past now listen and... 4. gonna get close to you i like to look at shadows sweating on the wall i get excited when i hear footsteps in the hall outside your balcony i have a room with a view and i'm watching you i dial your telephone each and every afternoon i wait by your door till you're asleep at night and when you're alone i know when you turn out the light i'm gonna get close to you oh-oh so close to you i'm gonna get close to you i'm gonna get close you fumble for your keys i'm six or seven steps behind you i'm so close to you are you terrified of me? what do i know about you how did i find out? you think i'm a fool or maybe some kind of lunatic say i'm wasting my time but i know what to do with it it's as plain as black and white i'm gonna get close to you oh-oh so close to you i'm gonna get close to you oh so close if you knew my infinite charm there'd be no reason to be so alarmed maybe i'm wrong maybe i'm right maybe i'm some kind of lunatic you say i'm wasting all of my time but i know what to do with it it is plain as black and white i'm gonna get close to you oh-oh so close to you i'm gonna get close to you i'm like a hungry criminal and your protection is minimal so minimal 5. the killing words wait for me i'll understand i just need time to comprehend your changes there's always been these changes in you i remember that there was a time when fears we had we left behind and we danced but it seems the more we learn we learn that it's over, over it's dangerous this game we play you're killing me with words forget if you can the way you moved when our hands touched you forced me to force you do you remember the dreams, the nightmares we shared? the poison of love so pure it's deceiving and deceit is all we have it's got to be over over, over it's dangerous this game we play you're killing me with words over, over too late to take a chance again it's over now the wireless in my hand is ringing the distance of our lives keeps spreading the pounding of my heart, i'm not listening your voice from far away is screaming it's over over, over too late to take a chance again it's over over, over it's dangerous this game we play you're killing me, killing me over, over you're too late to take a chance again it's over 6. surgical strike it's lonely in the field that we send our fighters to wander they leave with minds of steel it's their training solution we've programmed the way it leads us to order there's no turning back a surgical strike we've taught them not to feel performance is their task a surgical strike its time is arriving now for you the plan for the day will be swift as the lightning they harness the atom display is not mindless illusion at master control, assessment will not be by humans-there's no turning back a surgical strike we've taught them not to feel performance is their task a surgical strike its time is arriving now for you 7. neue regel reach for a new horizon setting sights on a circuit scream hail the new arrival on static signs from a distant wanderer fill the air nights are never seen face the electric time shock now no it's not a dream anymore i will light the way for us to find order of a new kind join us on the stay the road is mine poets line in a rhyme of silence gathered from the winter air warms the children's eyes they see the time is near for the signs i can hear the chimes ringing for you for me i can see your eyes your hands joining with me i can feel its time come together hold the light keep the flame we can't let this world remain the same i can hear the chimes ringing for you for me i can see your eyes your hands joining with me i can feel it's time it's time for the world to hear neue regel is here 8. chemical youth lead me- the leftist cry as the right subsides hear me- the media mouth is open wide save me- success is our hunger we need to feed free me- we will not lose to their anarchy! we are your leaders- we are rebellion! aural supremists we are rebellion! we are future! show me- the wave of eighties is #3 praise me- our religion is technology change me- alterations for the stigmatized help me - for the cause. would you cross that line? we are rebellion! chemical youth scream we are rebellion if we don't stand together we stand to lose the future peace won't last forever who will be the martyr you or me? we can be the future you and i the leaders, help me! if we don't stand together we stand to lose the future we are the last hope...but there's danger 9. london it was november 4th i last held your hand it seemed our time would last forever you said don't ever leave i thought you'd never go i wish i could just remember your name... you're just a memory now like all the ones before but with your pain i've had to suffer your eyes alight with flame as the picture burns i hear the screams from long ago they cry remember, blood-red streaks on velvet throats at night the streetlights fanned our trail of fame through london london the memories will never leave me london london all i see is you london london the cries in the night keep bringing me to london london calling out to me oh there's some things in life i could never face the worst is being alone sometimes i wish i could have taken your place my love you know i don't want to live forever oh let me see you standing in the shadows once again we'll walk the streets like long ago in london london the fire in your eyes will be bringing me to london london all i need is you the cries in the night keep ringing on in london london calling out to you 10. screaming in digital i am the beat of your pulse the computer word made flesh we are one you and i we are versions of the same when you can see what i feel don't turn your back on me or you might find that your dreams are only program cards your mind is open for me open for intake of all propaganda your eyes see now what to see my eyes see only the programs you give me i'll teach you to laugh and to cry they're really the same you'll see all of the why's in your life are under my control feed me more lines i will try to tell you all i can before the light you must know what lies behind my screams i can't tell you all i know am i the son that you've always been wanting there's more to me than what shows are you my father the one that was promised hush now, i'll give all you need to know and pre-live your dreams for you you're a good boy freedom belongs only to those without video screens for eyes
queensryche 1. warning i remember i was asking why and someday you said i'd know all these years, of fighting hard and now it's finally come too close i can't believe it's now happening to me oh, couldn't it wait a few hundred years destiny can't rest you see, now it's time time to cry your tears! now cry! the child of centuries, forgotten in time you talk in circles of rhyme seer of places future and past the warning you gave us is surely our last warning! behold the child, his pointing hand is raised in solemn grace his eyes once wide with learning wonder now leave stains upon his face now see the hands of the working man he's leaning back against the wall once busy hands are idle now standing ready for the fall! our fall! the signs will come as days past by for those that claim to see the blind will stay not choosing to die not believing the visions i've seen warning! 2. en force light tracers follow me farther into the depths of unknown the blackness surrounding the border of hope we're alone we plead for the signs of a second chance in hopes it will stifle the fear the dying remains of a world gone insane we are near the end a course that will lead us through darkness prepared by our leaders insist we mustn't all pray to the shadow of the iron fist we enter the void with our eyes straight ahead the force all around us we feel the twisted contusions of hatred will finally reveal enforcer master of nations revealed enforcer the beams from his soul you will feel slicing and tearing our way to the gate a towering fortress of blackened steel desolate plains holding dying remains heed the call of the master we'll soar to the edges of time light tracers follow me farther into the depths of unknown the blackness surrounding the borders of hope we're alone we plead for the signs, give us a second chance in hopes it will stifle the fear the battered remains of world gone insane we are near once long ago we had to hide in the shadows of the land to keep us away from the crawl enforcer's taking hold of us 3. deliverance ride swift across the plain don't you turn back, keep heed in your flame kings with no mercy, this planet at war torn from enchantment, this land forevermore born from obsession, you cried death for light you saw things before and after you died back from beyond to rule again but this life denies you its fight to the end back from the dawn deliver us right from wrong kings forge the way for your last day you search the eyes of those who fear the law dark and light we all must keep the balance strong one day a king will rise with the sun the moon, and the stars and you are he and you must die, to be born again, come again, once more be again the king back from the dawn deliver us right from wrong kings forge the way for your last day 4. no sanctuary there's a certain feeling known to all who hear the sound the call of morning rising you're in a mystic space can't you feel the force embrace, the chill of the wind as it names you oh, can't you see the lies in front of you your journey ends so far, and still the distance spins round and round you now you cry - give me sanctuary you scream but no one listens again you cry - give me sanctuary until the end i'll fight and die, to be free oh! no sanctuary you're walking halfway in but crawling halfway out there's a void in your mind that you cling to you feel lost in time, you've got no words to rhyme no more charms, no more spells to protect you oh can't you see the lies in front of you your journey ends so far, and still the distance spins round and round you now you cry - give me sanctuary you scream, but no one listens again you cry - give me sanctuary until the end i'll fight and die oh i've got to be free 5. nm 156 uniform printout reads end of line protect code intact leaves little time erratic surveys, free thinking not allowed my hands shake, my push buttons silence the outside crowd one world government has outlawed war among nations now social control requires population termination have we come too far to turn around does emotion hold the key is logic just a synonym for this savagery, disguised in forgotten lost memory microchip logic have we no more thought "is this wrong" i enter answers sought punch, punch, punch, transfer this data into code. wide eyes watch my number 156 is shown created from past life to perform illicit function, i fail this conscious madness i man/machine imperfection have we come too far to turn around does emotion hold the key is logic just a synonym for this savagery, disguised in forgotten lost memory end of line 6. take hold of the flame we see the light of those who find a world has passed them by to late to save a dream that's growing cold we realize that fate must hide its face from those who try to see the distant signs of unforetold oh... oh, take hold from a haze came a rage of thunder distant signs of darkness on the way fading cries scream of pain and hunger but in the night the light will guide your way so take hold of the flame don't you see life's a game so take hold of the flame you've got nothing to lose, but everything to gain ride, to a place beyond our time reach, for the edges of your mind, and you are there see, that the light will find its way back to a place where it will stay, make it stay throw down the chains of oppression that bind you with the air of freedom the flame grows bright we are the strong, the youth united we are one, we are children of the light so take hold of the flame don't you see life's a game so take hold of the flame you've got nothing to lose, but everything to gain 7. before the storm red gates of iron cast their black shadows on this land dividing souls... far below the gathering winds the armies watch are rising from the west foretelling news... of freedom's hand in secrecy they've infiltrated all of our strongholds controlling more... year after year so we've let this happen all along believing what's been said our leaders cry... we have no one to fear we watch the sun rise, and hope we watch the sun rise, and hope that it won't be our last before the storm before the storm before the storm before the storm is it late to try, must we all die our system awaits testv freedom by choice... is it for all men, best so we wait in fear the atom split our hearts in two be torn learn from the past... before the storm we watch the sunrise, and hope we watch the sunrise, and hope that it won't be our last 8. child of fire born into darkness in saturn's sight riding the night like the wind ripping the heart form a world that is right treading the borders of sin. child of fire the souls that are damned by the pain that you bring send you higher slashing destruction, your right hand sword ringing to the ends of the earth you will fly conquering masses in wonton deception blood red your black flag waves high child of fire the souls that are damned by the pain that you bring send you higher look around. is this the end you've foreseen? the pain? the misery in us all? what was it that you knew? will we someday learn it too? and together build another way to the morning? will it ever come again? you've poisoned all our hopes we have nothing now and what of the children? what has this done to them? damn you for the pain they must feel the last hero standing no time to turn back he's listening, waits for your call the black barren plains reflect hope of the same for only one waiting to fall. child of fire. the souls that are damned by the pain that you bring send you higher higher. no! 9. roads to madness most of this is memory now i've gone too far to turn back now i'm not quite what i thought i was but then again i'm maybe more the blood-words promised, i've spoken releasing the names from the circle maybe i can leave here now and, o transcend the boundaries for now i'm standing here i'm awaiting this grand transition the future is but past forgotten on the road to madness times measure rusts as it crawls i see its face in the looking glass - stop this screaming laughter hides, the pain of its reality black, the door was locked i opened and now i've paid that price ten-fold over knowledge - was it worth such torment, oh to see the far side of shadow and still i'm standing here i'm awaiting this grand transition i'm a fool in search of wisdom and i'm on the road to madness yes, i'm on the road to madness i'm awaiting endlessly pounding rhythms echo me won't you take me somewhere far beyond the void and still i'm standing here i'm awaiting this grand transition maybe one day, oh i'll meet you, and we'll walk the roads to madness yes, we're on the road to madness oh, i think they've come to take me i hear the voice, but there's no-one to see i can't scream, too late it's time stay on the course to pass you'll never find the answer to a place where darkened angels seemed lost and never found scream to see the light of forming figure
queensryche 1. i remember now i remember now i remember how it started i can't remember yesterday i just remember doing what they told me [echo]. 2. anarchy x [instrumental] 3. revolution calling for a price i'd do about anything except pull the trigger for that i'd need a pretty good cause then i heard of dr. x the man with the cure just watch the television yeah, you'll see there's something going on got no love for politicians or that crazy scene in d.c. it's just a power mad town but the time is ripe for changes there's a growing feeling that taking a chance on a new kind of vision is due i used to trust the media to tell me the truth, tell us the truth but now i've seen the payoffs everywhere i look who do you trust when everyone's a crook? revolution calling revolution calling revolution calling you (there's a) revolution calling revolution calling gotta make a change gotta push, gotta push it on through i'm tired of all this bullshit they keep selling me on t.v. about the communist plan and all the shady preachers begging for my cash swiss bank accounts while giving their secretaries the slam they're all in penthouse now or playboy magazine, million dollar stories to tell i guess warhol wasn't wrong fame fifteen minutes long everyone's using everybody, making the sale i used to think that only america's way, way was right but now the holy dollar rules everybody's lives gotta make a million doesn't matter who dies revolution calling revolution calling revolution calling you (there's a) revolution calling revolution calling gotta make a change gotta push, gotta push it on through i used to trust the media to tell me the truth, tell us the truth but now i've seen the payoffs everywhere i look who do you trust when everyone's a crook? revolution calling revolution calling revolution calling you (there's a) revolution calling revolution calling gotta make a change gotta push, gotta push it on through 4. operation: mindcrime it just takes a minute and you'll feel no pain gotta make something of your life boy give me one more vein you've come to see the doctor cause i'll show you the cure i'm gonna take away the questions yeah i'm gonna make you sure a hit man for the order when you couldn't go to school had a skin job for a hair-do yeah you looked pretty cool had a habit doing mainline watch the dragon burn no regrets, you've got no goals nothing more to learn now i know you won't refuse because we've got so much to do and you've got nothing more to lose so take this number and welcome to operation : mindcrime we're an underground revolution working overtime operation : mindcrime there's a job for you in the system boy, with nothing to sign hey nikki you know everything that there is to do here's a gun take it home wait by the phone we'll send someone over to bring you what you need you're a one man death machine make this city bleed now i know you won't refuse because we've got so much to do and you've got nothing more to lose so take this number and welcome to operation : mindcrime we're an underground revolution working overtime operation : mindcrime there's a job for you in the system boy, with nothing to sign operation : mindcrime we're an underground revolution working overtime operation : mindcrime if you come to see the doctor yeah he'll give you the cure operation : mindcrime make something of your life boy let me into your mind operation : mindcrime there's a job for you in the system boy with nothing to sign 5. speak they've given me a mission i don't really know the game yet i'm bent on submission religion is to blame i'm the new messiah death angel with a gun dangerous in my silence deadly to my cause speak to me the pain you feel speak the word the word is all of us i've given my life to become what i am to preach the new beginning to make you understand to reach some point of order utopia in mind, you've got to learn to sacrifice, to leave what's now behind speak to me the pain you feel speak the word the word is all of us speak the word the word is all of us seven years of power the corporation claw the rich control the government, the media the law to make some kind of difference then everyone must know eradicate the fascists, revolution will grow the system we learn says we're equal under law but the streets are reality, the weak and poor will fall let's tip the power balance and tear down their crown educate the masses, we'll burn the white house down speak to me the pain you feel speak to me the pain you feel speak the word (revolution) the word is all of us speak the word (revolution) the word is all of us speak the word the word is all of us speak the word the word is all of us speak!!! 6. spreading the disease she always brings me what i need without i beg and sweat and bleed when we're alone at night waiting for the call she feeds my skin sixteen and on the run from home found a job in times square working live s&m shows twenty-five bucks (a fuck) and john's a happy man she wipes the filth away and it's back on the streets again spreading the disease everybody needs but no one wants to see father william saved her from the streets she drank the lifeblood from the saviour's feet she's sister mary now, eyes as cold as ice he takes her once a week on the alter like a sacrifice spreading the disease everybody needs but no one wants to see religion and sex are powerplays manipulate the people for the money they pay selling skin, selling god the numbers look the same on their credit cards politicians say no to drugs while we pay for wars in south america fighting fire with empty words while the banks get fat and the poor stay poor and the rich get rich and the cops get paid to look away as the one percent rules america spreading the disease everybody needs but no one wants to see the way society keeps spreading the disease 7. the mission in the wooden chair beside my window i wear a face born in the falling rain i talk to shadows from a lonely candle recite the phrases from the wall i can't explain this holy pain six days ago my life had taken a tumble the orders came from high above they say a need to use me once again they've got my number further the cause boy yes you know the game i'll wait here for days longer till the sister comes to wash my sins away she is the lady that can ease my sorrow she brings the only friend that helps me find my way i search the past back to a time when i was younger a target for the new society picked to displace the leaders countering objectives of this new underground reality waiting for days longer 'til sister comes to wash my sins away she is the lady that can ease my sorrow my love for her will help me find my way my mission saved the world and i stood proud my mission changed the world it turned my life around i look around my room is filled with candles each one a story but they end the same i'll hide away in here the law will never find me the walls will tell the story of my pain waiting for days longer till sister comes to wash my sins away she is the lady who can ease my sorrow she sets the pace for my delivery of pain they'll say my mission saved the world and i stood proud my mission changed the world the underground will rise and save this world we'll all stand proud our mission changed the world, we'll change the world we'll all stand proud 8. suite sister mary [spoken] [dr. x:] "kill her. that's all you have to do." [nikki:] "kill mary?" [dr. x:] "she's a risk, and get the priest as well." 10 p.m., i feel the rain coming down my face feels the wet, my mind the storm flashing lights as people race to find shelter from the pour moving silent, through the streets, they're mine, they're mine midnite, she sings praises in the hall to saintly faces hallowed be their names she can't recall sister mary, virgin mary, silent with her sin ( [mary:] "what are you doing out in the rain?" ) she feels me, i can taste her breath when she speaks ( [mary:] "i've been waiting for you. come in." ) mary, mary just a whore for the underground they made you pay in guilt for your salvation thought you had them fooled? now they've sent me for you you know too much for your own good don't offer me faith, i've got all i need here my faith is growing, growing tight against the seam what we need is trust, to keep us both alive help us make it through the night [mary] i've no more want of any faith binds my arm and feed my mind the only peace i've ever known i'll close my eyes and you shoot no mary, listen, you've got to pull your strength from my lips i pray i feed you well your precious cross is gone, it made me wait so long for what you gave to everyone the priest is cold and dead on his knees he fed from my barrel of death, he turned the holy water red as he died he said thank you i just watched him bleed [mary] i feel the flow, the blessed stain sweating hands like fire, and flames burn my thighs, spread in sac
rush "cygnus x-1, book one: the voyage" [prologue:] in the constellation of cygnus, there lurks a mysterious, invisible force: the black hole  of cygnus x-1... six stars of the northern cross in mourning for their sister's loss in a final flash of glory nevermore to grace the night... [1] invisible to telescopic eye infinity, the star that would not die all who dare to cross her course are swallowed by her fearsome force through the void to be destroyed or is there something more? atomized...at the core? or through the astral door? to soar... [2] i set a course just east of lyra and northwest of pegasus flew into the light of deneb sailed across the milky way on my ship, the 'rocinante' wheeling through the galaxies headed for the heart of cygnus headlong into mystery the x-ray is her siren song my ship cannot resist her long nearer to my deadly goal until the black hole gains control... [3] spinning, whirling still descending like a spiral sea unending... sound and fury drown my heart every nerve is torn apart... to be continued...
grateful dead "playing in the band" some folks trust to reason others trust to might i don't trust to nothing but i know it come out right say it once again now oh i hope you understand when it's done and over lord, a man is just a man playing playing in the band daybreak daybreak on the land some folks look for answers others look for fights some folks up in treetops just look to see the sights i can tell your future look what's in your hand but i can't stop for nothing i'm just playing in the band playing playing in the band daybreak daybreak on the land standing on a tower world at my command you just keep a turning while i'm playing in the band if a man among you got no sin upon his hand let him cast a stone at me for playing in the band playing playing in the band daybreak daybreak on the land playing playing in the band daybreak daybreak on the land
grateful dead "uncle john's band" well the first days are the hardest days, don't you worry any more, 'cause when life looks like easy street, there is danger at your door. think this through with me, let me know your mind, wo, oh, what i want to know, is are you kind? it's a buck dancer's choice my friend; better take my advice. you know all the rules by now and the fire from the ice. will you come with me? won't you come with me? wo, oh, what i want to know, will you come with me? goddamn, well i declare, have you seen the like? their wall are built of cannonballs, their motto is "don't tread on me". come hear uncle john'n band playing to the tide, come with me, or go alone, he's come to take his children home. it's the same story the crow told me; it's the only one he knows. like the morning sun you come and like the wind you go. ain't no time to hate, barely time to wait, wo, oh, what i want to know, where does the time go? i live in a silver mine and i call it beggar's tomb; i got me a violin and i beg you call the tune, anybody's choice, i can hear your voice. wo, oh, what i want to know, how does the song go? come hear uncle john's band by the riverside, got some things to talk about, here beside the rising tide. come hear uncle john's band playing to the tide, come on along, or go alone, he's come to take his children home. wo, oh, what i want to know, how does the song go.
led zeppelin "dazed and confused" been dazed and confused for so long it's not true. wanted a woman, never bargained for you. lots of people talkin', few of them know soul of a woman was created below. you hurt and abuse tellin' all of your lies. run around sweet baby, lord how you hypnotize. sweet little baby, i don't know where you've been. gonna love you baby, here i come again. every day i work so hard, bringin' home my hard earned pay try to love you baby, but you push me away. don't know where you're goin', only know just where you've been, sweet little baby, i want you again. been dazed and confused for so long, it's not true. wanted a woman, never bargained for you. take it easy baby, let them say what they will. will your tongue wag so much when i send you the bill?
shut up hippie!
led zeppelin "stairway to heaven" there's a lady who's sure all that glitters is gold and she's buying a stairway to heaven. when she gets there she knows, if the stores are all closed with a word she can get what she came for. ooh, ooh, and she's buying a stairway to heaven. there's a sign on the wall but she wants to be sure 'cause you know sometimes words have two meanings. in a tree by the brook, there's a songbird who sings, sometimes all of our thoughts are misgiven. ooh, it makes me wonder, ooh, it makes me wonder. there's a feeling i get when i look to the west, and my spirit is crying for leaving. in my thoughts i have seen rings of smoke through the trees, and the voices of those who stand looking. ooh, it makes me wonder, ooh, it really makes me wonder. and it's whispered that soon, if we all call the tune, then the piper will lead us to reason. and a new day will dawn for those who stand long, and the forests will echo with laughter. if there's a bustle in your hedgerow, don't be alarmed now, it's just a spring clean for the may queen. yes, there are two paths you can go by, but in the long run there's still time to change the road you're on. and it makes me wonder. your head is humming and it won't go, in case you don't know, the piper's calling you to join him, dear lady, can you hear the wind blow, and did you know your stairway lies on the whispering wind? and as we wind on down the road our shadows taller than our soul. there walks a lady we all know who shines white light and wants to show how everything still turns to gold. and if you listen very hard the tune will come to you at last. when all are one and one is all to be a rock and not to roll. and she's buying a stairway to heaven.
also, it was stated that the shipping of the pono music players would begin in the last week of october and run until the middle of november depending on when you ordered and if your "reward" was a limited edition player! with that in mind, there are still about 20 days left before you should start/continue your bitching! so...chill the hell out!!!
some of you are trippin' out!!! today is the first day of the work week. it was stated that shipping of the pono music players would begin some time in the last week of october!!! there are 4 more days left in the work week. chill the hell out!!!
well no emails yet... f*** it! i'm going off! if i ever order something and it shows up on time it's a miracle! what is so difficult about staying true to a promise and satisfying your customers?? everything always runs late these days...how about not telling us the est. delivery date so there's no letdown and no expectations?!?
the issue with no sales outside us is a licensing problem not a pono problem. for pono it  is opportunity lost. it may not be all bad for us. hi res music will be expensive.$us26=$nz33.50 plus visa charge. cd's max $nz30 often $nz10. it may be that the pono is so good at playing flac files from a cd that there will be little need in upgrading to higher res depending on your equipment, especially if you already own the cd
haven't seen anyone get the "shipped"email yet. should be soon. listening to burning down the house - talking heads.
i pledged for a yellow player in march so i'm one of the earlier ones but no email as of yet.
@jim i haven't yet. i ordered a black player and one of the first few hundred backers. i think i was 308.
anybody get email yet? thanks
@bryan vanalmkerk, there are many good phones. sennheiser momentums have been used by pono at listening demos. check out akg, b&w, sony,etymotic reseach, audeze, beyer, tc. head-fi.com and innerfidelity.com do lots of headphone tests. listening to black sabbath - war pigs.
good headphones to use with the pono?
"piracy is the new radio," young told all things d. "that's how music gets around."
@dominic baillie and the stupid record companies wonder why piracy is rife.  there are already a lot of hd tracks on pirate bay, and i would imagine once pono gets up and running there will be more.  if cant buy from pono, i may be forced to look elsewhere
bit worried that the store is only available in the us. am i going to have my pono but no music ? this wasn't what i signed up for !
great emails this morning, pono ready to ship and sproat amp not too far away either!
listening to who's next?- the who. mo-fi vinyl.
@john, thanks. i will check it out. i like longer songs. wonderful is ok, but i don't see playing it that often. kind of repetitious for me. interesting info about older albums and soundboard copies. thanks again.
at last we are in the last week of october but no email yet.
@dan hill you should take a few minutes and post that comment over at http://ponomusic.force.com how is the poster did it show up in good condition right on time?
this is still bullshit my $100 not credited to purchase of player but only gets me signed poster.  where's my damn t shirt?  whatsamatter, neil, you ain't rich enough?  why not reach into my pocket for rest of $ i'd budgeted for pono player?  thus dies the hippie ethic.
pono
by the way exactly who would "the email" we are all waiting anxiously on be coming from...kickstarter or pono?
it should have said, "i sure hope there are no glitches..." unlike typing on this here kickstarter comments page...
siltech, we're in business! tomorrow all the way through friday (halloween here in america) should be an exciting time! i sure there are no glitches, and we all receive an e-mail by the end of business on friday! rock out! roll on! go pono, go!
#48 ponoplayer shipment dates posted by the ponomusic team    for backers only dear pono backers, even though this information was previously included in update 46, we're reposting it as it appears many of you may have missed it. ponoplayer shipments begin last week of october
doug adams, no, circuital is an ok album, but many long time fans consider it to be their weakest of the 6 studio albums they have put out. the one right before it, evil urges, is sort of like it, but it is somewhat better. don't get me wrong. i still love circuital, and the songs have evolved over time in concert. wonderful (the way i feel), slow, slow, tune, circuital, and victory dance will all probably be in the rotation live, but they are not their best songs. wonderful (the way i feel) will probably be played at every show they do for quite some time to come. jim james even included it in his solo tour at every show in 2013, and they will often invite the singer from their opening act to sing a verse or two. i recorded it from the front row at the forecastle festival in their hometown of louisville, kentucky back on july 13, 2013. here it is. http://youtu.be/_mdisq-wrb8… i love it still moves and z. one big holiday is probably their most well known song. it came off of it still moves, but the song was written a long time ago, and there is even a fan video of it being performed as far back as 1999. i will include the link to the time they performed it on conan o'brien's old show, late night. the video quality is poor, but you can see their potential and how impressed conan was with the performance. this performance has the original guitarist, johnny quaid. http://youtu.be/_0q9iacpjzc the song has remained about the same over the years, and it is almost always the closer (unless they are doing a run of no repeat shows at a particular venue). here they are performing it at the 2012 independent spirit awards the day before the academy awards. this performance and the next one feature their new guitarist, carl broemel. he has been with the band for 10 years now. http://youtu.be/wdb7in-oslk here is one big holiday from the concert film okonokos. http://youtu.be/coxggzdymhu my favorite mmj songs are the longer epic ones. i love steam engine, dondonte, and phone went west the most. just do a search for those on youtube. try to find the ones that are soundboard, like i mentioned in an earlier post.
i bought my morning jacket - circuital. it is pretty good. like the song victory dance the most. are the older albums more like that? listening to rosanne cash- rules of travel.
jerry, my morning jacket's two best albums are probably it still moves from 2003 and z from 2005. it still moves has their older line-up which included johnny quaid on guitar (he is jim james' cousin) and danny cash on keyboards. their sound changed a bit with the newer line-up in 2005 when carl broemel took over on guitar and bo koster started playing keyboards. they are the only two members who are not from kentucky. both albums are really good in their own way. with that being said, their live stuff is the best. okonokos is the live dvd concert i posted the song "lay low" from. this link will get you to their fan forum to a thread all about them on youtube. there are several videos there, but some have been taken down over time. however, there are still plenty there. also, if you go on youtube and do a search for my morning jacket soundboard, there will be quite a few to show up from a fan who always seems to get up close to record his own videos and later put officially released soundboard recordings over the top of them. they sound wonderful and look pretty good as well. http://forum.mymorningjacket.com/index.php/topic,17236.0.html
does anyone know when the store will be open?
@john had not listened to these guys much but may have to check out some more of their music. thanks for the link.  which is their best album.
law low by my morning jacket from the dvd concert film okonokos recorded in 2005 and released in 2006 - this song smokes! check it out! rock and roll baby! http://youtu.be/cpvh1rldx44
lay low - my morning jacket lay low, why don't you now? lay back awhile and i'll show you i got the good that you want, no need to go and hunt something else it's right here with me when you stay it's always good when i get to see that there's never more than what you're telling me when you stay home lay low if the feel is right (let the fetus rock) i got all that i want here in you tonight and we'll pass out on the bedroom floor after going like this so long (full tilt) hold up, you showed me oh, what you told me it's not what you want but what you need, it's not a head full of booze (pills) or amphetamines when you stay it's always good when i get to see that there's never more than what you're telling me when you stay home
@samuel l dogson nice picture dougie
@samuel l dogson cool man.
@siltech :there's a new dog in town!
@ian kendrick  i just read your post, and want to say  thank you.
lowdown, by my morning jacket lowdown, cheatin', ain't no need for repeatin' so love, dawn, can't you see? that you never gotta fight with me no you never gotta fight with me hurtin', beatin' ain't no need for repeatin' so love dawn can't you see that you never gotta bleed for me chancing, glancing, so enough mood for romancing so love dawn can't you see that you only gotta dance with me yeah you only gotta dance with me yeah you only gotta dance with me yeah you only gotta dance with me
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
the pono music players pledged for on kickstarter will begin shipping out beginning some time in the last week of october to the middle of november (beginning with the earliest pledgers and the le players. so, chill out!!! you will get your players!!! chill out!!!
@ian kendrick any word over at the ponomusic store on shipping dates?
siltech. leave it with me.
i'm out of here. say what you want baby. i'll check back site in a month.    look out
jerry..............whaaaa
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
hot off ebay  pono sold for 1250 long live pono http://www.ebay.com/itm/neil-young-pono-player-limited-edition-highest-quality-sound-available-128-gb-/141440871205…
@creator please remove jerry from this site. he is impersonating me. he's using my picture and siltech name. can someone please do something. help o'boogie.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
waaaaa waaaaa
@jerry cowardly, and retarded.
retard
@siltech i am still here  g- ---- --------- --- ------ --- ----- ---- ---
listening to herbie mann - caminho de casa.
there can be delays in any product. think the pono music players are ready to start shipping.it is a great time for recorded music. long live pono music!
@ryan mcfarland relax they are busy and will get around to it the easter bunny is coming
siltech eab
@joe tell us another bbq story
10-4
all i know is if i don't get a shipping email by next week, myself and whole lot of other backers will be pissed.  this isn't like some revolutionary new ipod touch from apple where millions are made and shipped around the world. i could see a delay in a operation like that. a few thousand pono players to be made available in oct. as promised isn't a lot to ask for...
siltech, i am not worried about the pono music player sounding super. ayre, and charles hansen are very smart. i have asked charles questions on different forums. the thought he put into those answers was amazing. he investigates things that most have never even thought of. add in neil young, who has listened to so much live music. he knows what it should sound like. he played the concert. pono music is going to enhance the whole music scene.
10-4
give 'em enough rope.....
the last two post are not mine. jerry used my picture with speakers. now the retard can fuc...g remove it. your one sick dude jerry.
haaaaa haaaaa
shut up
siltech?
siltech?
siltech?
siltech?
siltech keep trying
haaaaa haaaaa. is this grown up enough, baby troller. get lost.
@siltech you should really grow up your i guess you like telling people to go eat a bug as that must be what you do the most of yourself.
jerry remember ebay
jerry jerry jerry jerry jerry s..........
@doug adams and it is not my intent to devalue the pono player i backed it day one as i was hoping that it might be better than my old pjb100 which is getting harder to use as the software will not run on win 7 computers. the pono creators lost my support when they gave our information to sales farce without allowing us an option. something they still have not corrected. if the player sounds good fine i may keep it. buy anything from the sales farce site, that would be the cold day in hell. if thier was an option for a refund i would likely take it but you know that will never happen.
@jerry go troll along, elsewhere. eat a bug.
@doug the pono  will sound better than ak240. why, because of ayre, neil, and all involved. this will be the best sounding portable player on the planet. be positive, and long live pono.
@doug adams  it will have no impact what i say about pono as far as selling it. when i put it up on ebay it will likely sell virtually anything new will sell on ebay if the demand is larger than the supply. and at inflated prices to boot. when i post it i'll just cut and paste all the raves people have posted here and over at sales farce site and people will buy site unseen.
@doug adams it will have no impact what i say. when i put it up on ebay it will likely sell virtually anything new will sell on ebay if the demand
listening to jackson browne- stay.
@jerry, if i were trading a player i would talk them up, not down. why try to devalue what you want to sell?
the pono may sound better than the ak240. ayre designed it and they hac ve tons of highend design talent. who designed the ak? ak still doesn't have discrete parts. it doesn't have ayre nonringing filter technology either. we will find out soon.
@alexander adema hopefully they figure out the delay and ship them so i can sell it.
@kevin hill wow found the cap keys yes the pono is portable so is one of those big boom boxes  i was comparing the portability of the iphone to the pono , the sony and the old pjb100  with the iphone no need for the others
@rick canedo thanks i guess we wait until apple throws the switch. seems like a marketing thing let neil build the demand then flip the switch and steal all the customers. works for me! form that link "that's hardly a mainstream solution, though. as for the iphone itself, while it doesn't support high-res audio officially, apple could theoretically add the ability at any time with a software update. the question is, will it?"
siltech once it ever shows up i only sell on ebay one i have it in hand
jerry, with all due respect, the pono is not portable, is what you say. what planet do you come from exactly?
jerry, i have an iphone 6 and i've heard the pono, and there is no comparison. the pono blows away the iphone in sound quality. and while the iphine may be able to "play" high rez files, it can't output in high rez. check out this article that tested the output of the dac on the iphone. it's like watching an hd broadcast on the old sd tvs.  http://mashable.com/2014/09/26/iphone-6-hd-audio/
jerry: once you dump your pono on ebay, will you stop being such a negative nancy around here and go away? i kindof feel bad for the people that have to be around you in real life.
maybe i spoke too soon elusive discs is saying the crime of the century blu ray pure audio is being released early december, which would co-incode with the release of the 40th anniversary set. i will believe it when i see it.  i think if this was the case they would make an announcement on both, rather than just the cd.
@jerry you keep saying your selling your pono on ebay.
@doug adams  the ak240 is in a different zone and for 2400 bucks it is way more than i can afford. my iphone 4s with mp3 and etymotics are obviously no comparison, they won't even compare to my old pjb100, but it is very portable something that the pjb is not and neither is the pono. hope fully the pono won't be as bad as described by the guy who says it will change sounds everything you play it. after all the player is just the bait for the music store. my projection as far as the best player it would be the ak240 but who has that kind of money after that it would be the sony as it also has a radio built in then maybe the pono. but for convenience if the iphone plays hires files it makes a big jump over either pono or sony.
china's mail runs on sundays too. this anticipation is brutal, but i love it. feels like i ordered something from collecting upcs from capn crunch.
i was hoping for an e-mail today�
who here is hoping for a shipping email on monday?!?
listening to santana - abraxis
73's
pono music is on the move. exciting times for music lovers.
thanks @doug and @siltech for the assist.  listening to mark knopfler - boom, like that.
10-4
@siltech @ doug thanks to both of you, i can't wait to receive mine ! :-)
@manoko here the review.all updates   this update  robert sample (member) hi, i'm new to the community... i'm part of the team @pono put together to demo and present the #ponoplayer at this big @ponomusic dreamforce 2014 conference. i work for paradigm, the speaker company that pono is using in the demos. i also am in the kickstarter queue... late in the queue, i got in at the end. i was excited before, but after using it 2 days in a row, all day, i'm really excited. the sound is utterly amazing. you'd have to compile a computer/usb bridge/dac or the equivalent, at much greater expense to beat it. i ordered a sig version, and i have to be honest with you... i didn't choose the version based on the music i'd get, but just who's name i'd like on the player- who'd i'd like to "represent". and honestly, i can't even remember who i ordered!!! how's that? i do remember that my first choices were in the neil young/csn/csny family... and they were gone by then. i'm not depending on the music on the player to make me a happy man... it'll be icing on the cake.
@manoko: when logged into the community click this> https://ponomusic.force.com/0d5a000001vsv9q
@doug adams as always, it's a pain to find specific posts with the format of the forum. would you please provide the name of a employee you're talking about, so that i can search for his post ? thanks.
when will we be able to buy music on pono site?
listening to miles davis the complete concert 1964.
@jerry, don't see how iphone any thing can remotely compare to the pono music player or the sony. apple has shown little interest in sound quality. sony makes decent phones and yet they brought out a hi res player for music. in the nov. stereophile, michael lavorgna listened to the astell&kern ak240. a $2400 portable. at the end he compared it to the new $799 htc harmon/kardon edition phone that plays 24/192 pcm. he said "the ak240 pretty much crushed the htc one(m8), which sounded thread bare in comparison, and pretty uninspiring through its stock earbuds. the nad viso phones certainly filled helped fill things out, and this combo offered respectable sound, especially for a smartphone, if still no match for the ak240". so the question is how does the pono stack up? we will know soon. bet it kills the phones.
@manoko, there is a paradigm speaker employee on the ponomusic.com forums that worked the big vip event. he ran demos using an ayre integrated amp, cardas wire, and of course paradigm speakers. he said it sounded incredible. you can read it on the pono music website/forum. he is actually in line to get a pono music player. he has been answering questions about the player. he spent two days with it. check it out.
@tmh, i agree crime of the century is a great album. the sonics are incredible. it may be the crime of the century that this isn't in hi -res for the 40th anniversary. i worry that the stupid record company has lost or mangled the original master tape. arghhh.
@manoko, the people that received their pono music players have only had them a day. after the listening party many mingled and even went out for drinks. they had to return home, charge the battery etc, we will start hearing reports soon enough.
@thm great news was tossing around the idea of upgrading to iphone 6 but with verizon i would lose the unlimited data plan. if it delivers good sound it will tip the scale and won't need the sony and can dump the pono on ebay sweet
@manoko maybe they didn't sound good?
doug adams waht a superb album, cant beleive they are doing a 40th anniversary version with no hi res release idiot record companies.  that whole pure audio blu ray which showed such promise came and went so quickly, appears nothing was released after the first batch
nevermind, found it. kinda disappointed that basically nobody who's got his pono from the vip session has written a review of it yet regarding sound quality... am i the only one wanting to read about this more than anything ?
@doug adams can you provide a link to those discussions please ? thanks a lot !
there are people on the pono music forum that have their pono music players. they got them at the neil young listening party. there are also pictures of the presentation box & case. along with neil posing with people for family pics. it is all starting to come together now. so exciting. listening to supertramp - crime of the century. mo - fi vinyl.
@remiam well the iphone 6 certainly plays them, not sure if it downsamples, but will do some comps on the weekend with old iphones to see if they too play them.  i seem to remember they didnt.
please post when someone actually receives their pono!
in a tear down of the iphone 6.  it was noticed that the hardware to play hi-res was there but has not been enabled yet.
us supporters should bryan
i saw on the website if people preorder before dec 15 they will get a signed doc by neil young.  will we all be getting that?
i just put a hi-rez alac into my itunes folder (24bith/48000)  and interestingly it synched to my iphone 6.  i thought iphones were capped at 16/44.1 was i mistaken, or is this a new option, perhaps to take on the proliferation of hi-res players?
does any one know europe shipping dates ?  october is almost finish !!
one blue pono will be going up for sale $2500
@don thanks that gives some more hope in selling these on ebay i think that a few international ones also were up.
there have been 4 ebay listings for le pono players in the us that appear to have been sold. a couple of them don't show up on the "completed" listings search, but i've seen valid sales elude that search function with other ebay items in the past. so, it follows that there could be more than 4 that have sold (i haven't been watching it that closely). there were also several listings that ended early "by the seller because the item[s] [was/were] no longer available." that could mean ebay made them take the listing down or they sold it outside of ebay or they decided not to sell. there are 2 that actually do show up on ebay's "completed" search, so once again, readily available information did not get in the way of a couple of expertly incorrect predictions in the internet community. those of you who would like to see for yourself can search by the ebay auction number to find the listing. here are the completed sales i've seen to date, oldest sale first: #141427224791 - pearl jam; ended: oct 07, 2014 20:03:30 pdt; price: $999.95 obo; best offer accepted    seller: galleryfifty-one the listing was relisted, meaning the deal fell through, or the best offer transaction got botched or the seller had another pearl jam to hawk. this seller also sold a neil solo pono (see below), so i think the seller just had multiple pearl jam ponos to sell. #281461715702 - neil solo; ended: oct 13, 2014 20:25:49 pdt; price: $1,199.00 (plus $25 s/h) seller: gonnagetsomeshit described this pono as #251 of 500. #321546777316 - foo fighters; ended: oct 14, 2014 17:50:34 pdt; price: $799.00 obo; best offer accepted seller: jsvalmont #141440871205 - neil solo; ended: oct 21, 2014 02:03:39 pdt; price: $1,250.00 seller: galleryfifty-one this seller also sold a pearl jam pono (see above).
thanks for clarifying the provenance o'boogie yep, just because someone asks a price doesn't mean that someone will pay it.  or stop the press form saying that ponos are selling for $1000, even though they aren't and yes peter, the packaging looks magnificent, although the case looks like fake leather (leather pu)
gorgeous box
i'll put mine up once it shows up
http://www.ebay.com/itm/pearl-jam-limited-edition-chrome-pono-player-laser-etch-signed-eddie-vedder-/111487772612…
not the only one on ebay a pearl jam as well for 999.95 cheap some one will buy it the sales farce neil one is only 1000.00
that person won it at dreamforce. they had a drawing for a pono, and that dude is the winner, i guess. he'll never get nearly that much for it. i think he's kidding himself.
two points on that ebay sale, weird it say salesforce community cloud.  as this is not numbered makes me think it is a special release for those that worked at sales force (and of course not being numbered they cant trace it)  also means the neil young ones arent as limited as suggested @jerry, pono support came back to em and confirmed the kickstarter address was used, so all good
$3k... what a bargain.
first look at the whole package... also first attempt to resell.  i am getting really excited! http://www.ebay.com/itm/neil-young-pono-player-salesforce-limited-edition-ready-to-ship-now-/271641827992…
@tmh we have been abandoned all we can do is wait and see
tmh good luck i have same question likely we won't know until they show up i backed on first day sales farce shows nothing total disregard for backers
thanks @travisstyle, i have sent a clarification email to them just to make sure
@tmh, the last response (about a week ago) from support@ponomusic.com confirmed all of my pono players will be sent to the correct address / everything was done here on via kickstarter links to support / never logged on to salesfunk / this is still kickstarter after all ! long live pono
yes the first batch is supposed to start shipping end of oct. - beginning of nov. a paradigm speaker employee was involved in the recent 2 day event. he was very favorable about the pono music player. he is even a backer and is waiting for his player. listening  to supertramp- the logical song.
as shipment time is getting close has anyone confirmed whether the address we gave on the survey (ks) still apply or where they superseded with the salesforce requirement? because i sort of abandoned the salesforce invasion of privacy
http://www.rockbox.org/wiki/whyrockbox
so judging by the last update the first players should be ready to ship next mon. correct? all the early backers, myself included, depending on where you are in u.s. (west coast assuming gets them first) they should arrive and be ready to rock by halloween!!
neil has been busy with all the interviews and presentations. the pono music player will be shipping in a few weeks. exciting times.
listening to linda ronstadt - duets. nice cd.
@ ian kendrick   thanks for the update. pono being very surprised by the numbers is a relief, as it does seem then to be a ks system issue and hopefully will turn out to be so.
@paul gains  the issue of the odd le numbering is now being investigated. current view is that there is an anomaly in the ks system as it should not be possible for there to be more that 500 of any le. we await a firm position on this, may or may not be caused by ks, time will tell. but pono are very surprised by the numbers.
is it mentioned any where as to whether or not the pono (with the use of an adapter) could be hooked up to an ipod cable in a car and be controlled to change songs through the cars stereo?
listening to lacy j dalton- the wanderers. what a beautiful day it was today. went to vulturefest.
anyone want to swap their csny for my gd le?
'..if this a kickstarter issue or something else....'
has anyone else noted that some of the lea players are now showing more than 500 pledges as listed on the rhs of this page: tom petty – limited edition artist - 529 backers metallica – limited edition artist - 528 backers pearl jam – limited edition artist - 522 backers neil young – limited edition artist - 509 backers crosby, stills & nash – limited edition artist - 533 backers crosby, stills, nash & young – limited edition artist - 514 backers foo fighters – limited edition artist - 528 backers neil young with crazy horse – limited edition artist - 510 backers haven't noted this before today here - just wondering if this a kickstarter issue of something else....
@stephan mathieu; 2 points in answer 1. if you go to your account and click on "my orders" you will see your order number.  this doesn't seem to follow pledge time as there are several people that have consecutive order numbers but whose pledges were made days apart. 2.  next click on the order number hyperlink and it will show you the details of the order.  your correct shipping address should be here and it should be the same as supplied in the survey. it would seem the "contact information" in the side list in my account is also in "beta mode" as country is not editable as far as i can tell. i am in australia, and mine also says alabama.  can't change the country from us either.
@jim humphry.... i hope the last post helps you on the plane someday to scotland and the north west of scotland.... it's the only place i ride to where the scenery wraps around you and says "relax.... r e l a x.... you're home now".... in that breathtaking scenery you can hear yourself r e l a x i n g! settle down at clachtoll beach/bay on the way to drumbeg and it just reminds you how simple life can be!
@doug... off topic i know.... we're all pono happy in anticipation!... however, on north west scotland... applecross and i are well acquainted! lol.... in fact in june this year i took a run north from my home in galloway, up past loch lomond 7.30am 21 degrees and flat calm water on the loch, breakfast at the green welly, tyndrum, then off thru glencoe!..... spectacular scenery, blue skies, crisp mountain tops...... sweeping along with the freedom that 2 wheels and an engine gives you!......over ballachulish bridge, on thru fort william past the commando memorial, into fort augustus for early lunch by the canal lock gates with the boats bobbing slowly up thru the gates.....30 degrees!.... in motorcycle leathers!.... scotland?......amazing!.....then saddle up and bang!......welcome to loch ness stretching out before you!...... left at drumnadroichit then right uphill and the back road thru beauly and onto contin, stayed there overnight at lovely country hotel, early breakfast the next day then off towards ullapool, swing left for the gairloch....... empty roads, breathtaking scenery, sweeping along into poolewe, then off towards wester ross, wow loch maree! then turn left and wind through the foot of the torridon mountains, shieldaig and onto applecross!..... wonderful lunch at the harbour/applecross inn sitting outside grateful to be and feel alive! then saddle up and climbing up that stonking single track road up the mountain to the summit, off the bike and just stand in awe, 360 degrees of finest quality scottish scenery with the stunning jagged outline of the cuillin mountains on skye, then saddle up, over the summit and down that twisting alpine style pass to kishorn, onto kyle of lochalsh, then sweeping along the lochside past eilean donan castle (featured in the highlander movie), and on back thru fort william, glencoe etc to glasgow!..... pizza in byres road, west end then back home to galloway. just under 900 miles with temperature topping out at 30 degrees!?......in scotland?..... i thought i must be in the twilight zone! ...... and i'll be doing the same run on 20/21 december in much less favourable temperatures!
sweet home alabama.  l.s.
sweet home alabama.  l.s.
@stephan you could move to alabama
@jim humphry: you would love it i'm sure, the fall/autumn is a brilliant time for the north west of scotland.
@stephan mathieu: you should open a support ticket within the pono community, can be found in the drop down menu at the top where it says "community" then click support. that will highlight this to the team over there. yes shipments begin last week of october throu mid november we have been told. all looking very good if you ask me.
hi, i just visited my profile @ponomusic and it seems my address is listed as bonn, alabama, usa. no way to change that, even though i live in bonn, germany. i've odered my pono player about 10 minutes after this campaign went live, is there a way to see which number my order is? i guess i can count on having my player among the early, last week of oct shipments, right? stephan
great post tmh.   doug and graeme, your posts make me want to get on the next plane over.
tmh, neil did show of his pono music player! he had one and let stephen take a look at it, and they talked about it for a few moments. neil was there to talk about his new book, to talk about saving the earth, to sing a song (with stephen), and to hype the pono player.
listening to linda ronstadt, blue bayou.
@graeme p lumsden: i was close and to be frank i should get no points at all as i know exactly where it is now that you jogged my memory : ).  i love that far north west and have made many trips that way over the last 20 years or so. i actually stayed in drumbeg during october week 3 years ago, stayed in the house that's garden joins to the little shop just beside the pub. beaches are quite amazing even in october. the turnoff just before coming into lochinver taking you round past drumbeg was just "hoachin" with red deer stags during the rut of course. take it you visited the pie shop in lochinver, the most enjoyable indigestion i have ever suffered : ). we sure have a lovely country rain or shine.  if you ever get the chance take a different windy road from sheildaig round to applecross and then over the top and down to loch kishorn, that would be amazing on a bike! enjoy your travels.
lmfao
@all, prediction: the portable pono players are destined to be the greatest portable audio players on earth ! long live pono !
@doug....... good call on loch eriboll....... close ish' lol however, spot on with north west scotland/sutherland.......... it is in fact a lovely twisty wee coastal road running from lochinver up past drumbeg then joining back up at kylesku!...... so from a wee coastal snap i have to give you 9 out of 10! lol    it's one of the few very quiet roads that myself and my good lady ride without helmets on (illegal in the uk if any lucky us bikers are reading this), we stick the helmets in the panniers and then poodle along at 15/20mph and suck in the air & scenery which simply makes you glad to be alive for that moment! when we were up in lochinver several months ago we were heading back from achins bookshop which is tucked away in the forest near lochinver..... we pulled over and sat by a gentle trickling river, watched a red deer cross the river and just thought, "hey, gets no better than this!".....a car slowly pulls up and an elderly lady and a slightly less elderly man get out and wander up to the river and we start to chat...... turns out she was there with a friend of her husband to scatter her late husband's ashes by his favourite river....... we had a lovely chat and then quietly left to give them their time alone to pass that touching moment. the north west of scotland?......... god's country.........if the world stops tomorrow i can take wonderful memories of that magical part of scotland....... have just booked a few days up near ullapool just before xmas so myself and my good lady can take in the north west of scotland in early winter........ a nice start to xmas! what has taken you north west?
@wc, 12. rick james - 80's sausalito ca - just got out of the trident restaurant - walked across bridgeway to some dive of a club about 3am / stage door busts open into a very small crowd of people hanging there and out steps rick james a hugging & a kissing everyone / including a freaked out surprised dude who just left the trident restaurant after hanging with some of the most beautiful women on the planet all night - rick james & neil young shared an apartment neil with rick ? long live pono !!!
@henry hanna- thanks for the link.   7. bono gave him advice about how to write more commercial music. "i sung all the songs in greendale," young said. "and bono commented that the songs needed hooks that went over and over again and more people could hear them." young didn't take him up on the advice. bono is a tool.  south park season 11, episode 9, "more crap", comes to mind.
https://music.yahoo.com/news/12-things-learned-howard-sterns-interview-neil-young-205900505-rolling-stone.html long live pono !!!
summary of the stern interview from: bob lefsetz subject: neil young on howard stern what an original! we've been told that selling out is a choice. but the truth is neil young is just wired different. you can't emulate him, because you're not him. this interview was very slow to get going. because neil was reluctant. and he was mimicking his hero bob dylan, refusing to explain his songs and obfuscating in interviews. but then neil started revealing his choices and they were so different from everybody else's that you couldn't help but marvel. like being pissed at the cameramen at woodstock, to the point of yelling for him to get off the stage, the result being neil's absence from the movie. but he didn't care. and this is fascinating, because dedicated stern listeners know that leslie west believes his career cratered as a result of not being in the flick, that his manager's decision for mountain not to be in the movie hurt him forevermore. but then there was the refusal to be on the "tonight show" with buffalo springfield because it wasn't their audience. can you imagine that today? someone refusing to do press because the audience might not be right? ever since the police the goal is world domination, and if you're not interested, i'm gonna beat you over the head and convince you. and then the refusal to get back together with cs&n. sure, he's got a feud with crosby, but even more interesting was the lack of motivation. howard talked about the fans, neil didn't care about the fans, he cared about the music, to go play the greatest hits so people could hear them and everybody could make money held no interest. and then neil unloaded on agt. he repeated it a few times, wondered why howard stern did the show. and that's when the gap was fully evident. neil young was refusing to play the game. he wasn't gonna come on and reveal all his warts and make like they're all friends just to sell his latest forgettable product. and let's be clear, that is why he was on, to flog pono and his book and his album, which is kind of sad, i'd be more impressed if neil dropped by with nothing to sell, but in these moments the divide between broadcaster and talent, between talker and singer, between performer and artist, could not have been more evident. neil young was gonna be himself, he could only be himself, and it made howard and his show look small. that's how it used to be, when musicians were giants who walked the earth towering over all other media. before the best and the brightest went into tech and all we got was an endless parade of yes people willing to bend over to get reamed by not only the industry but the corporations. who can believe in people like that? and sure, there was some detailing of how the songs came together, but to say this interview was great would be to overestimate it. at the end it finally flew, neil relaxed, didn't deny he was dating daryl hannah, said he loved to paddle board, but this was not a morning in the clubhouse so much as a glimpse into the mind of an artist. who lives in his own head and doesn't follow the charts and has no idea of this popular culture of which you speak because he's doing his own thing. and i don't agree with all of neil's choices, nor do i think much of his recent material is genius. then again, even he thinks he's repeating himself. but you don't often get a chance to peek into the brain of an original artist who impacted the culture and is still here, with his faculties intact, not retired, but continuing to push the envelope. i implore everybody making music to listen to this interview. not because it's great, because, as i stated above, it's not, but because it illustrates you've got choices. you don't have to write hits. you don't have to listen to your label. your manager’s job is to free you up, to respect your wishes, to allow you time to create. we're so far from the garden i doubt we can ever get back. there will always be music. but that does not mean it will be art. art requires artists. who question. who take chances. who hew to the vibrations of their own inner tuning fork, who we pay attention to because of their strength in following their vision, in continuing to search without compromise. whew. it was definitely neil. but he was definitely not like anybody else.
@graeme p lumsden should work for you on the pc. p.s. your avatar reminds me of loch eriboll or the far north west of scotland somewhere : )
@doug  thanks for the pc info doug....i was tapping away on ipad.... will log in on pc. much appreciate the heads-up.
neil young is on colbert report tonight promoting his book, not his pono
isn't "public beta" a bit risky (hackers / easter eggs / back door logins) just asking ?
that same douche from showbizz411 got his info wrong again and put out another misleading article. http://www.showbiz411.com/2014/10/14/neil-youngs-pono-music-library-website-is-up-and-semi-functional
neil young on howard stern right now
@siltech: hi, its just going to be becuase they have not optimised the new web site yet as it's all beta for now, i'm totally confident the code will be optimised for carious os/browsers in good time. at the moment you could try access via dolphin browser or chrome on an ipad  etc.
@doug i live in canada and can't get playback. why can't you play thru ios? if so, than when can we play thru ios. if not, will be a major flaw. thank you.
@graeme p lumsden: playback of around 25/30 seconds is available in uk right now, however it is not optimised for ios/android so can be a bit fiddly, better to access via chrome on a pc etc.
meh
so did they add a search function to that pono.farce forum yet
hey paul (stanfield) i tried the store from uk however no playback so i'm guessing as the uk online store doesn't kick in until early 2015 all we can see is the detail but nothing to listen to until they plug in uk with distribution from the big 3. worth waiting for and at least most of the snags should have been dealt with thus making our buying experience smoother/better!...... although maybe it will all fly from the us without a hitch??? either way i'm pono happy
it is fun watching the pono music store grow. makes me feel good. listening to talking heads, crosseyed and painless. 24/96 dualdisc.
@tmh you don't yet because you can't buy anything yet! is what we are led to believe.
unless i have missed it it appears that the site does not list the file status.  how do you know what resolution tracks you are buying?
the force / http://techcrunch.com/2014/10/12/salesforce-hopes-to-ride-the-analytics-wave-with-new-business-intelligence-service/
thanks kinch.
siltech the 32gb micro sd card is too small if you want to hold e.g. 24 bit/96khz files. you'll fill it up with very few albums, so you will be needing to change cards very often. better to go with minimum 64 gb and ideally 128gb if you can get the latter for a good price. the 64gb seem to be the best value, in europe for sure.
blind lemon  http://ponomusic.force.com/ccrz__ccpage… long live pono
in canada, costco is selling scan disk ultra micro sd cards of 32gb for $20.49 cnd each. is this a good price?
@pono-thanks for including the gorillaz!
anyone else in the uk tried the site. search function yields nothing even when searching for an artist that i know exists, ie neil young and the preview does not play any part of the song. i assume these are early technical difficulties or the site may be less than i was hoping for.
special note: when "click track to preview" is activated (part of the song is played) after the click track has filled in the golden bar / special note here: clicking the same click track diamond activates the song again wher it "left off" so you can hear the entire song when this is done over and over again ;-)
subterranean homesick blues (mono version) my very first click track preview on pono music ;-) ever wonder who the lovely woman is with bob ? she is sally grossman ! hi sally (ain't this freaking awsome?) http://ponomusic.force.com/ccrz__ccpage… clicked the link twice (lotta traffic) i think you just may be on to something here neil ... long live pono !
@ jamie - yup :) @ doug - thanks but on mac. i was trying to get in from ponomusic.com, clicking on 'community' took me to 'ponomusic.force.com/cc_pono_maintenance' so deleted text after '/' and i'm in! :)
@paul gains, if on windoze, flush dns then register dns , may help
nz? @paul gains
still in maintenance for me... (sunday, oct 12 @ 11:25am)
site is available.
listening to tom petty free fallin http://tinypic.com/r/2dj6mwm/8
@surreal yes played some of them only 15/ 20 secs though each one. if you have the hub you can get in all the time :-) for those not lucky yet - http://tinypic.com/r/312ww43/8
@doug the elton john goodbye yellow brick road i saw was the 2014 remaster. neil young had multiple postings of a couple albums so they were probably the original and the remaster no provenance given though.  the tom petty & the heartbreakers i saw had both the original and deluxe versions of damn the torpedoes and the 1995 version of the playback box set. beck, spoon and the latest maroon 5 was there too. was just headed to prince before i got kicked out. were you able to hear any of the tracks?
was a mile up before.
i was just able to log back in to the community site.  windy where i am now.
can't see anything..,
@doug by that logic we should have seen it first! ;-) (btw - i've logged on using vpn that says i am somewhere between the 100degw and 120degw meridians but still can't access.) i get to the ponoworldtimes page ok though.
@jamie- my mother always told me i was special, seems she was correct. listening to the circle game - joni mitchell
@jamie it's cos you're further ahead in time, its taking longer to reach you ;-)
you must be "special" @doug(ie) still no access logging on from aus/png and it is 07:36am on the 12th oct. ;-)
i just looked then and it says 603515?  did they regurgitate some?  the afore mentioned minaj perhaps?
"ingested" gives me visions of a monster sucking the tracks in. "importing" is probably a better word.
@doug adams, i'm tending to think the counter is a bit of a playful entity! lets think about it - how long would have it taken to upload the first 600,000 tracks? hmmm longer than the last 2 days going by the counter method. the tracks i have seen so far are from elton john gybr and neil young harvest, both have been 16/44 however there was multiple versions of harvest available. & nicki minaj btw   ;-)
@kinch, no idea if your math is right, but at this pace it isn't going to be done this saturday. glad we kept this comment site open. makes a good backup. i thought omniphone would keep the files and pono would just link us to that?
i was reading somewhere that the apple store was going to start selling the high quality format versions of albums and songs
@kinch: as long as all the nicki minaj tracks are at the end i don't care! ;-)
at the rate of 1,882 tracks read in per hour, and given 1,850,000 tracks to go, it will take 982 hours to get all the tracks in. that is 40 days. assuming i've done the sums correctly:-)
@joebourriughs. lol!!!
when you see the pono-matic music counter sucking in all these tracks to the store it makes you realise just how big a job getting the catalogue together is. @11.30am uk time today they had already done 616,789 & at 9pm today they have done  634,670. that's about 1.85 million to go : )
i liked what i saw...come back!!
as of 3:30 pm est, still can't get onto the forums or the store.  just the construction message.
let's go pono!
any ponomusic crowdfunder investors here?  just wondering if you have received any updates from the ponomusic team since the close on sept 30th.  i haven't heard a peep.
it let me in then not. i dated a girl like that....not fair.
still getting the under construction message here.  an-ti-ci-pation....
https://m.youtube.com/watch…
listening to karen matheson/capercaillie here. lovely voice that lady has.
nah! think i just picked a good time ;-)
good stuff. maybe it's reverse alphabetical access. or scot's first into the fray:-)
@kinch on my own lol! its gone for now (community pages), still i got the hub access : )
are you on your own on the kitchen floor there doug, or do you have some playmates with you?
@kinch check out your email in a min
not live here yet doug. still getting the "system upgrade in preparation" notice
interesting! the encoding option in the hub (jriver) for flac has a default of 6 (recommended)
ponomusic hub beta is downloadable also : )
http://www.ponoworldtimes.com/
and the community is open : )
well there is a new landing page https://ponomusic.force.com/
like the beat, beat, beat of the tom-tom when the jungle shadows fall like the tick, tick, tock of the stately clock as it stands against the wall...
http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/sweet_(band)
i turned my 10 year old grandson on to pink floyd's dark side of the moon today on our 25 mile drive back to his house. i think he liked it!
have not been here for a while, just saw your story joe. one for the anecdotes group when the site coms back up again. nice one...
that's truly paying it forward @joe burroughs, everyone benefits from your hour. great story.
good story @ joeburroughs!
@joe burroughs, great story. we may be reading about her someday in the pono new music section. hope you give some of her influences a try.
nice story joe. i hope you played her bonnie singing "love has no pride", although the bonnie singing pretty well anything would do it.. next week play her van morrison on astral weeks "ballerina", or maybe kate and anna mcgarrigle "heart like a wheel", or maybe cowboy junkies "blue moon":-)
that's a cool story @joe.  what it's all about.
and i forgot about you bonnie r,,,you made her cry.
worst part of site being down is i haven't learned a thing....i have learned more about equipment, software, procedures but mostly new music over the past couple of months than in my previous ++50 years combined. in order to fight off withdrawals last night; i stopped off to pick up a pound of bbq from a very small local spot. when i walked in a young lady was sitting on a stool playing her guitar and singing. i proceeded to place and pick up my order and then left. not carrying cash to leave in the young lady's tip jar and regretting it as i drove away i made the decision to continue to the grocery as planned but return with a tip which i did. when i entered i said to her okay i'm back to listen, play me a few and put a twenty the jar. lovely voice, new to the guitar and songs about young love. after a couple of songs i learned she's 16, started to play about 9 months ago but has been singing and writing for as long as she could remember.  i asked her who were her influences in singing, writing and guitar...i recognized none. she asked me about mine i said wait and i'll let you listen and went to the car to retrieve my headphones and amp. an hour or so later and after lots of wide eyes, big smiles and many questions she had over two pages of names and song titles. best hour i've spent in years. she tried to give the money back so i think she might have enjoyed it as well and neil, eric, carlos, bb, mark k, chet, john lee, tim r., srv and a few others may have a new fan. i am now on a mission.  where is my pono!
specialdeluxe: a memoir of life and cars by neil young.  includes his own artwork.
dana--you didn't get yours yet??? jk!
ok....who's going to be the first to post they've gotten their email and their player has shipped?
i post, therefore i am....
@o' boogie, thought it was freebird followed by stairway to heaven. listening to jim croce,  wold because of this.
i figured some would be back here....i knew o'boogie would be having withdrawals.
"it's alive, dr frankenstein!" at least it will be tomorrow. thought i'd preempt it. :-)
now i'm listening to richard ashcroft, you on my mind in my sleep. such a great song. so perfect. @doug, when i was a radio disc jockey, that's the song everyone played when they had to go to the bathroom. :-)
the pono music store is set to roll out this weekend. congratulations pono music. listening to jackson browne "the loadout-stay".
#nowplaying hahaha. whoops.
teach your children, csny
@doug, thanks for the info.  listening to flaming lips, fight test.
2014-10-09 philadelphia, pa neil young available on rust radio 12.35 uk time today. http://www.rustradio.org/ last nights show.
http://www.boobsigns.com/safe/…=
@jerry it's true what you say about the artists getting next to nothing.  hopefully pono will support artists from artists direct and some other bands that have bought back their back catalog masters and publishing rights.  rereleasing those artists in high res could bring about a nice profit margin for them hopefully.
thanks siltech the hd800's are an obvious choice given how much i love the ie800s
"who knows where the time goes...?"
@jerry, good points. always complicated working with the big labels. think they have 2k at the start. more titles are being entered into the system as time goes by. @jerry, you are likely correct there will be artists missing. some never made it to cd. that is unfortunate.
not sure if anyone here is interested in restored vintage audio components, just found out about rewind audio.com.   i found a pair of walsh ohm loudspeakers i really liked many years ago.
i always understand it that they only pay for a song in the form of royalties not based on resolution so whether you get hi-def or mp3 the record company gets the same and the artist of course gets next to nothing.  those services that charge for same song at different resolutions are getting rich at the consumers expense. once you download a song you have bought it and if the service keeps track they are simply keeping track of what song bought not what res you bought so naturally if you need to download you get the higher rez so giving the ability to not charge us for upgrading seems silly. it may be the new customers will be charged that way and again that is how the music company makes the big bucks. at the consumers expense and no pass threw to the artist.  so i would think it's all in who controls the master if they release a new version or not. i am also hopefully they have a decimal point off as 2 million tracks is less that ten percent of how many tracks those companies have. so the new store may not have your favorite artist. and here is the famous disclaimer "just saying"
oopps! & the encore was thrasher ! neil young show, 2014-10-08 academy of music, philadelphia, pa usa http://www.rustradio.org/
a nice mix of old & new it would seem. from hank to hendrix  on the way home  only love can break your heart  i'm glad i found u  mellow my mind  reason to believe  someday  if you could read my mind  harvest  old man  pocahontas  heart of gold  plastic flowers  a man needs a maid  ohio  southern man  who's gonna stand up?  mother earth  when i watch you sleeping  harvest moon  after the gold rush
tmh sprout is small, light, and easy to move around. i'm hoping the dedicated sprout sounds very good. time will tell.
@tmh i have sennheiser hd800 over ear headphones. i like experimenting, with many products. your buds are pretty cool
wed's night neil young show, 2014-10-08 academy of music, philadelphia, pa usa is available on http://www.rustradio.org/ just missed it but it will come back around keep an eye. also available elswhere
@siltech you seem to have some serious kit. i think you mentioned on a earlier post you purchased the sproat amp to go with your pono.  assume given you have (had) krell amps that the sproat is for your headphones.  if i may ask, what type of headphones do you use.  i have a pair of sennheiser ie800 earbuds for on the move, but if i am going to listen through a sproat at home i am thinking a decent set of cans. i figure trusting people here is a good start given the myriad of reviews on line
@siltech. i understand and thank you.
@remiam the pass labs xa60.8 are two class a monoblock amps. i've should have said amps on my previous post. i assume this was your question. take care, and long live pono.
@remiam the pass labs xa60.8 are two class a monoblock amps. i've should have said amps on my previous post. i assume this was your question. take care, and long live pono.
@kyle bob's burgers is a great show!  must have had something to do with keychup?  will have to seek out the episode.  the parents in that show seem like they would be huge neil young fans.
@siltech. how many amps, if you don't mind me asking?
can't wait until the new pono music store opens. listening to u2 joshua tree.
i'm happy, i just ordered a pass labs xa60.8 power amp. i'm getting rid of the krell.  zzzzzzzzzzzz....
modern day cartoons meet reality tv equals good watching.
pono store down! (memories of apple's heyday.) just ordered the storytone pono edition.
carly simon was on bob's burgers the other night.... err... sorta
can we start talking about carly simon and her ketchup commercial again? :)
and we're baaaaaack!
time to listen to some quiets riot.
harhar, @jamie. ;-)
maybe @travisstyle thought you two were sleepy @o'boogie & @siltech. zzzzzzz? :-)
and we have shutdown.
what he said.
huh
@doug, good points !!! @siltech & ob, get a room ;)
good points @doug. pono may be paying this out of their own pocket. might stretch them too thin to include all backers now. this could change once they get the music site rolling.  give pono music credit for trying. long live pono. listening to supertramp, the logical song.
for those who have accounts valid on the community you can see the full thread here https://ponomusic.force.com/0d5a000001rqxrv firstly before anyone pigeon holes this as up-pono or in the vein of some who never seem to post positively, that is not my intention. i genuinely feels that some kickstarters have been let down in one particular area only in a very very positive and welcomed update yesterday. i also feel an opportunity has been missed for the greater good. below copied from the thread in question. there will be a fair few kickstarters that backed the project in which ever way they could based on the neil young video 13th march and subsequent interviews, it was the ethos of it all that caught many peoples attention irrespective of pledge. i hope pono see's fit to not only extend to all kick-starters but too all as @surreal stereosound (member) has intimated. after-all the people (pono or otherwise) who have re-thought this pledge by neil have so with the benefit of hindsight, something that the kickstarters had none of, all we had was neil and his words along with some things from john hamm. for the people who have decided to restrict it not to show some humility for the fact they would not be there earning money now or in the future, being able to even make the decision if it were not for the kickstarters in the first place. the kickstarters made this happen to what it is was on march the 12th 2014 through till now, not the class a & b investors, the other artists who put money in or the crowdfunders, it was the kickstarters! here's a thought out in the open, when the alliance with omnifone was announced, surely they said so hang on you intend giving free upgrades to anything purchased through the store if it comes out in a better resolution? who's paying for that? to which neil's team say, well it's a pledge by neil its all over the internet and in interviews. omnifone must have known and this must have been discussed in depth.  this pledge was the differentiator, the chance to do it differently, the chance to see if once and for all the music industry where actually listening. a chance i fear lost in the endless dribbling's of the law fraternity within the industry desperately holding onto the edge of the cliff, how many fingers are holding on now i wonder after years of failing to notice the public's trend for buying or not as the case may be because they don't believe the cost is justified. when i read some of the comments it's like a lesson in social psychology, where the crowd collectively forgets the facts when faced with a better plausible outcome. come on if we truly are a community the surely this is wrong!  watch again if you need reminded- https://www.youtube.com/watch…
gonna get busy here the next few days with the temporary suspension of the other site. listening to johnny cash, bridge over troubled water with fiona apple
read the last two updates, gavin.
update #46 says last week of oct.
whats the delivery date this month for the pono player for backers?
double  zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
zzzzzzzzzzzzz
ob, http://jasonleesdesign.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/asskisser.jpg
@lisa c. hey, girl! nice to see you. it is easy to get lost over there. i check in here ever so often. we'll just say hi here if we don't run into each other over there. :-)
@doug adams wow guess i was thinking of the next ten and forgot them. i watched chicago play a few small venues in late sixties before they put out the first album.
@jerry, no chicago on your list?
agree
well let's hope they put it in last
@ jerry - you can't censor people's musical tastes. everyone has the right to listen to whatever they want to. it would be silly of pono not to put that crap in.
@o'b hi there! kind of miss the kickstarter comments! so easy to get lost over in the community!
real curious who will be in the catalog 2 million sounds like a lot but itunes currently has over 20 million. hoping for at least these ten. all of clapton all of dylan all of grateful dead all of knopfler / dire straits everyone who played at woodstock  led zep procol harem willie nelson eagles the band no rap  and no bieber or anyone like him
@ponomusic team wonderful update! way to go guys! wishing you a successful dreamforce!
so this place is going to get busy on the 9th & 10th again, no community to watch or post in.
delivery is sneaking up, really psyched to know it's coming in time for the grateful dead 50th aniv. next year.  history in the making.
"we anticipate that we will have over 2 million tracks when we make music purchases publicly available." but will these be able to be purchased individually, or only as part of an album
one free neil young track?  i would expect our choice of albums or one of his early gems!
or in some distressing cases not at all
@ o'b - so true, so many projects run into months, some even a year late. this great work from pono.
some of you guys have never been involved in kickstarters, i guess. this is staggeringly close to the promised delivery date. that's a miracle on kickstarter projects. well done, pono gang.
great news on the free updates after pledging for an arcade fire le and finding they are only 16 bit files hopefully these will get an upgrade sooner rather than later!!!
@siltech i don't know what that is. should i?
@dan get over it. it's not the end of the world.
@ben what do you think of the new oled tv?
@dan feel welcome amongst 18.000 idiot consumers. great statement! makes me wonder how much you are in touch with the real world... (multi million dollar complex production projects delivering within a month of a crowdfunding deadline deserves my utter respect)
@dan bennett october has been an estimated delivery date since the ks fund began. since they far exceeded their inital goal in the first day why don't you cut them some slack?
@creator where is the store location in canada? also, can you buy from within store, or is it online only?
it's all good for a start-up company!!!!!! in principle; collectivity they have shown good ethical standards, imho
great update! free music updates is so cool. can't wait for my yellow pono music player to arrive in december.
technically they are off regarding oct. delivery...oh well, guess i'll get mine by early nov...
"we plan to ship the october kickstarter ponoplayer rewards beginning the last week of october and expect to complete them by mid-november. " am i the only one that sees the a-holishness of this statement. how about, "sorry guys, we ran into some snags and some of you aren't getting yours in the timeframe we promised." the only reason i even backed this project was in principle....so i tend to want to be treated with those same types of principles....not like some idiot consumer.
high expectations from a pono fan from sweden... i am really looking forward! f.
i would like a clarification on "launching the ponomusic store in canada and united kingdom in the first quarter of 2015.". does it means that i won't be able to buy any music before 2015 or that the .com store will be available to anyone and that the only nuisance will be that i will buy in us $. ?
we kickstarters are a privileged bunch are we not! great update lots and lots of good things.
cool!!! yipee!  thank you pono!
yup, they're coming! thnx pono, for your long awaited update!
@jerry  wow! take me back to chicago... nice!
@jerry, terry was very good. he mixed so many types of music together. a shame that he had such a short career. think i remember the family is making a documentry.
gilmour likely in top ten
my favorite terry kath
@jerry, who is your favorite guitarist? i would have a hard time picking one, but david gilmour is up there. watching the cardinals play tonight. got to hold home field.
@doug adams actually is real name. garcia is not even my favorite guitar player but he is great at making music.
@jerry, did you pick this name in honor of jerry garcia?
if you like jerry on the pedal steel... try some new riders of the purple sage... the band he helped put together so he could channel some a country sound and play the pedal.  the first self-titled album from 1971 is the only one with jerry iirc. (you probably know all of this, just a psa for anyone else reading along)
@jerry he's listed in the liner notes of deja vu  ;-) also, look for that garcialive vol 5 release coming out this month.  new year's eve 1975
how many people didn't know that it was jerry garcia playing the steel pedal guitar on this with csn&y http://www.youtube.com/watch…
garcia, weir, wasserman and young http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@o'boogie jerry playing one of louis armstrong songs not as good as sach but pretty good. http://www.youtube.com/watch…
take a few minutes and relax with jerry garcia 1980 better than the silence from neil. http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@the fly !!!  i see you...   :-)
long live ponooooooooooooo
@creator, silence does nothing, is nothing, implies elitism,  khaos invitare, undermines ethos & is the bedrock of criticism... this is a kickstarter campaign ! there is no pono music here, not yet ! long live pono !
@oboogie  i haven't counted, but he has posted it several times. i agree, i pretty sure everybody understands his frustrations.
that's what i'm talking about. we get it. you've posted it 7,895 times. your feelings are well known.
@oboggie  i think he's just anxious and nervous, and that's okay. but he's right about one thing, the updates have been vague. i understand what you're coming from. jerry saying the same thing saying over and over is a little overboard.
wow. i'm so bored with jerry's nonsense.
@jerry  why do you do that? why do you bash a project that you, me, everyone here backed?  it doesn't make sense, do you want it to fail, do you really think neal is a sellout? i asked you a question a couple of days ago;  have they broke a promise yet? you never replied with an answer. as far as i know and everything i've read, pono never promised to be good at updating or giving us a daily report. they promised to give us the best possible music source and music player to so we could rediscover the soul of music. it looks like you have a far amount of experience with kickstarter, have all the projects flowered as you expected? maybe i'm naive about this, but i think pono is really trying to fufill the expectations of their initial business offer.
@the fly thanks for the autumn picture!  you remind me of a friend who loved putting good fun links on a message board. so with that, here's one my friend sent to me.  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@wb you are right they have said nothing about a delay. they have said nothing about anything. must be to busy doing something. 1. start up  2. cash in  3. sell out  4. bro down
see! cool @manoko that's really cool.
@alexander adema  you would be incorrect in you understanding. pono player production is on track, and october delivery for initial ks backers is still the answer to my knowledge. with the exception of frivolous bad mouthing articles by naysayers, i haven't seen or read anything that would make think elsewise. @jerry  pono has moved on to the next level of a start-up company, by creating and their own web-site http://www.ponomusic.com. i don't think they're using this ks page anymore. i too am excited for this project to get the product out. i pledged because i thought it was a wonderful idea, and the player sounds like the real deal. we'll all know soon if our donations were worthwhile. in the mean time, i'm going to stay positive. i see no reason in doing otherwise, as i don't have a fair reason to not. i'm good with the communication thus far.
"we plan to fulfill the product rewards directly from pch international to our donors using 3-day delivery." on the homepage of the campaign. i was worried we wouldn't get them in october since they started production this month, but now i am not anymore. that's pretty awesome, 3 days international delivery is really surprising.
no, james. they are supposed to ship this month.
has any of you received your pono yet?
@alexander adema, that was posted on the pono music website about 6 days ago. going by that post they have already started building pono music players. by now they may even be finished.
i'm listening to louis armstrong this morning.
good morning everyone in pono music land.  didn't get a chance to listen to the grateful dead vinyl yet. on the sansa fuze i am listening to jethro tull, songs from the wood.
@alexander it's on the home page just as hamm is still listed as ceo is on the home page. they are busy. not sure doing what but they are busy. 1. start up  2. cash in  3. sell out  4. bro down
@alexander: there has been positive comment from pono that everything is on track for october pledger's shipping in october. the company in china responsible will be shipping direct we believe, if you look at the home page here and scroll the the very bottom you will see that information, its been there for a while now. as for a running commentary on production/where are the players don't think that was ever going to happen. i do believe there could be a little more input from pono either via small updates on here &/or via the announcements section @ ponomusic community, but at the same time what else can they say other than they are on schedule, which they have.
am i correct in understanding that production of our pono's has not even started yet? that is pretty shocking, considering it is october 6th now. it wouldn't be so bad if @creator could be bothered to keep communicating with the people that paid them 6 milion dollar in advance. but clearly, they don't care enough to take a few minutes every now and then to write an update for their backers. i am pretty disappointed about all of this. looking at the way pono is doing business so far, i don't expect the pono to be very succesful at all. which i guess is okay with me as long as the backers get their devices as promised. it's too bad, pono. you had a good thing going here and a very enthusiastic initial customer base. it wouldn't have been hard at all to keep them enthusiastic by keeping them involved and giving regular status updates. but clearly that was no priority.
@wb, thanks :-)  http://fc08.deviantart.net/fs70/f/2012/090/f/7/october__s_light_by_kkart-d4uhyj3.png
@doug, you're in the money :-) https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1628920833/painted-money-art-by-jury-the-clown-17-years-of-de…
can't wait for the eclipse. like the art work the fly. listening to loreena mckennitt, the book of secrets.
fly that's coo artwork!  jack, thanks for the link, looks like an october treat.
my very favorite blood moon eclipse � http://www.space.com/27303-lunar-solar-eclipses-october-meteor-shower.html
full moon in 3 days � https://s3.amazonaws.com/ksr/assets/002/622/409/92a63e3b224a10a4e0aa9402e0002db0_large.jpg…
no only kids watch crickets over here. : -). lol
no, watched the nrl grand final though
anyone watch the cricket yesterday? pakistan v australia (in uae) 2014
bad ethos... from: support-at-ponomusic http://m.youtube.com/watch… long live pono !
cool thanks fly
cool sports talk! sitting here watching daughter finishing pitching practice at fsu.
good ethos copied from: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/plpl/rock-hard-canadian-maple-headphones "as explained in the previous update, we believe the only thing worse than shipping late is shipping a bad product. this is an exciting project you are investing in, not just a product you have bought." long live pono !
@wb, have a superbowl ring in the family due to the packers and a distant relative, chad clifton #76. haven't met the man yet. we also have a culvers here. watchig the fiba women's basketball championship (tape delayed by dvr). usa has this one. bring on the olympics.
i'm listening to aidan john moffatt and drinking a diet coke. a nice sunday afternoon.
@wb, i watched the cardinals barely lose. they will win the next one. i flipped over to see parts of the 18 inning game. wb, living in wisconsin. are you a packers fan? listening to coolio, gangstas paradise. probably one of about 3 rap songs i like.
@doug  yeah a tough lose.  up here, being a packers fan is a religion!
@doug, http://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/nwa/boyznthehood.html
@wb, i watched the cardinals barely lose. they will win the next one. i flipped over to see parts of the 18 inning game. wb, living in wisconsin. are you a packers fan? listening to coolio, gangstas paradise. probably one of about 3 rap songs i like.
@wb well played, was that an underarm throw ;-)
some of us never grow-up... :-)
we call it rounders of here! it's only really played by children under 14 as they all find it too easy after that! :-) runs and ducks for cover!
i watched a good bit of that 18 inning baseball game between san francisco and washington last night. i was pausing it on the dvr, so i could go back and forth to catch up with one of my college team football games i had recorded earlier in the day (kentucky vs. south carolina - my team won. go uk!). unfortunately, one of my baseball teams lost last night. i am not too far from st. louis, and many around here are fans of theirs. i was really juggling all three games last night!
the grateful dead helped start highend audio. they had mark levinson make a preamp. he hired a great engineer to help him. that is incredible. most bands didn't seem to worry about live sound quality. the grateful dead did.
did you watch that 18 inning marathon? that's a record for the playoffs.
@wb, good morning to you.  i needed psycho killer to wake up those late night baseball games are tough.
@doug, thanks for the help. with your and jerry's help i can do it now. cool.
@doug adams: on a mac you can highlight the url (http:// whatever.comm) with the mouse, then once highlighted use cmd button & the letter c which will copy the url (to clipboard, you wont see it) then when you want to paste the url somewhere just use the mouse & highlight the cursor where you want to start the url and press cmd & letter v. this will paste the url, that's all there is too it. on a pc replace cmd button with ctrl button does the same job. on a ios device hold finger on url, it will all go blue and you will see options to cut, copy etc, pick one, go to where you want to paste it (forum etc) hold finger on the screen again where you want to paste the text, same menu will appear, cut, copy paste etc, now paste it. job done.
@wb i love sunday morning too, pity its gone till next week : ( but will always have lou and friends to remind me. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
i love sunday mornings...
good morning doug,  man it's too early for psycho. i'm listening to some dave brubeck while casually reading.
listening to talkng heads , psycho killer. hope to listen to greatful dead, american beauty this weekend.
@jerry, thanks for the tutorial on linking. i will practice it.  true, pono may not have any more capacity. i would imagine pono paid for so many days of production. the builders probably have more capacity but it is being "rented" by other companies. so after christmas may be the next opening. who knows? it is intetesting.
i forgot to say i used freecorder to record stuff like streaming audio or other things that wouldn't let you copy and paste into something like youtube downloader (which i think is pretty good for what it's made for).
yeah, jerry, i had forgotten about that better quality soundboard version. i had found it a couple of years back, but you can't download those higher quality ones. it's for streaming only, and i'm one who doesn't do much of that. i forgot about it. i had decided to go with the lesser quality one because i could download it. i used to use freecorder free from the interweb, but the last time i had my computer re-imaged, i decided there were too many possible issues with malware or viruses. anyway, thanks for the reminder. i've got the show bookmarked.
i think it is great that the dead allowed everyone to record their concerts. didn't someone write a book about the greatful dead business model?
time is money, so the sooner they are produced the less it will cost.  i have backed many of the largest ks projects and even a number of design or tech campaigns were fond and sent on time for me.
the chinese can make huge quantities so can places in the united states. but i doubt that these will be hand made so just adding more people does not quite work a machine will drill holes in a pcb yes you can have more machines but how many? then people to put part on then solder it make the plastic parts put it all together based on what neil's people have said they are not taking new orders for delivery this year if they had more capacity they certainly would these would make great christmas presents right. so they don't have that capacity or they would be selling the heck out of them. not to many assembly plant will gear up that much equipment for a 10000 per day run lots of tooling needed etc unless they crawl out from under the rock and say different my projection makes sense based on the small amount of capital they have to invest in machines look at the number of people on their payroll if they don't start selling music soon they will runout of money as what they collected here and on their investment site is not enough money to support the kind of manufacturing capacities some are thinking 200 to 300 per day will be lucky
i actually have the greatful dead, american beauty on vinyl. it is a mo fi. i bought a lot of audiophile/remastered albums when i worked at a hifi store. well that is a pretty good place to start. will have to fire up the turntables.
yes, there is an address bar, but i just found out i can just click to do the same thing, thanks.
@remian i guess i would cry  sorry i didn't realize you were on a mac never used on though it was like an ipad doesn't it have an address bar
@john one thing about the archive is sometimes you get a lot of recordings that dead show you saw has seven recordings posted huge difference between some of them check the first one it's the soundboards most are guys sitting with cassette recorders https://archive.org/search.php… https://archive.org/details/gd93-06-15.brennecke-young.georges.18984.sbeok.shnf
@doug adams. totally agree, the chinese factories are used to dealing in large quantities of units to produce.
guarantee the chinese can turn out more than 200 a day. would not be surprised if they could make 10,000 a day easy. when the nintendo wii was big they were 450,000 a month. even if a chinese person can make 4 a day you just hire 2000 workers. they have an abundance of people. bet it takes longer to ship them to the usa than build them.
@jerry. what do you do if on a mac?  thanks
@doug adams. that means that production has probably started and i highly doubt it will take that long to finish.  i think the only bottleneck may be qc and distribution, but i am sure they have put the necessary thought into the processes involved.
@doug when you are at a post go to the address on your browser just click the address then right click and hit copy and then paste it where you want.
forgot to paste this: my morning jacket https://archive.org/details/mymorningjacket location: louisville, ky usa  active: yes  taping status: audio  genre: rock  note: don't like the board sound but are cool with aud taping, so bring your mics.  website http://www.mymorningjacket.com --- on july 27, 2004, my morning jacket gave their ok for achive.org inclusion: band member jim c said: "hi tyler, thanks for writing and asking, that is very nice of you. yes im totally down with the free sharing of live music as long people are not being taken advantage of, and this thing looks pretty good to me. so yeah im  cool with it. thanks again and take care." manager mike martinovich furthur added: "hey tyler, thanks for reaching out to us. sure, were always cool with fans/friends sharing shows with eachother. so long as the person sharing is not bootlegging and trying to turn a profit. again, thanks for your interest and spreading the musicits all good by us. take care, mike my morning jackets manager"
@jerry. i only made that statement because in thinking back about production of my pebble, the factory in china produced over 80,000 units in no time at all, so 10,000+ is really a low number.
well i messed up the link. i am a dumbo when it comes to computers. this was actually posted by pedram on approx. oct. 1. sorry the link did not work.
@remain seems like they said they could not deliver new orders till after december so sounds like manufacturing out put is a lot lower than you think we have three months to make and deliver 18000 so that's about 6000 per month or 200 per day? glad i backed the first day i might get one in october after all
@jerry. you and i, and many other's have a unique piece of musical history.  did not know they let people record that late.
jerry, i still get on archives every now and again. besides all that killer grateful dead, they have lots of my morning jacket shows too. (they signed off with them years ago and allow audience recordings all the time). here's a link to my morning jacket shows on archives https://archive.org/details/mymorningjacket for the grateful dead, i did find the one show i've been to of theirs. the quality isn't all that wonderful though. i did make a cd from the files and have played it a few times. the show was at freedom hall in louisville, kentucky on june 15, 1993. jerry died only two years later. https://archive.org/details/gd93-06-15.brennecke-young.georges.18984.sbeok.shnf
@remian they allowed recording right up to soldier field the last concert in 1995 maybe a local venue did not allow. and when the surviving member regrouped in alpine valley they allowed it their i have that recording
if they are going to start production even in a few days it conceivably could only take one week to produce 10,000+ pono's, so delivery this month is very likely.
i do remember that soon after that particular concert that they stopped people from recording, so i count myself extremely lucky.  the most unusual concert i have ever been to.
@doug adams they haven't even started producing them yet yikes! would be nice to have an official update on kickstarter as when most engineers say minutes it means hours, hours mean days and days mean weeks.
the  dead allowed anyone to record the shows imagine trying to do that today at a concert. heck neil wouldn't even let the camera man film him at woodstock
hope this link to pedram's reply works. just in case anyone missed pedram's post this morning - it did not turn up in a search for me - here it is: pedram abrari (ponomusic) sorry guys. we've been very long hours getting ready for launch and haven't been active on the community. the player is ready for full production which will commence in a few days. things are looking really good. today at 4:13 am
@jerry, that is.
@thanks for that link.  back in the early 80's i was lucky enough to take my yamaha cassette deck to a gd concert, set up next to the stage with about 20 other people and record the concert.  am sure i have the tape somewhere.
if you want real live grateful dead check here https://archive.org/details/gratefuldead almost every concert they ever played most in flac format also mp3 if you want. some are streaming only if you saw them live and can remember the date chances are it's here. lots of stuff never released on any album or cd
o'boogie, (dead) reckoning is a really special album too. i default back to their live stuff all the time over their studio stuff. live dead was a favorite for a long time. i started loving two from the vault for quite a while as well. now, i'm simply rotating between all my grateful dead concerts. "it's all just one long song, really".
aw jerry don't go there, not everybody is a sellout. give them a chance at least.
daniel martin moore performed a duet with joan shelley from their 2012 album, farthest field last night (october 3, 2014). this performance took place at elizabethtown, kentucky's state theatre (first time back to daniel's hometown in almost 5 years). joan also recently re-released this song, "first of august", on her new album, electric ursa. http://youtu.be/jio_176slvm…
busy doing everything you just wrote and i'm quite sure much much more!  have they broke a promise yet?
1. start up  2. cash in  3. sell out  4. bro down
@wb busy doing what introducing a new item is a lot of waiting they are designing a product send out for quotes wait to get responses, build prototypes wait for evaluations, try to get contracts wait for results , design web sites wait, sell backers info to sales force, wait, go play at farmaid, wait, file for divorce, wait,
i think november 2014 is going to be special, and i'm really interested in what neil has to say in a couple of weeks.
i don't think they're over their head. i think they're really busy trying to put out the best possible products. and their under a lot of pressure considering the public attacking, not to mention neil and friends names being all over it.
@wb that would be real scary if they had nothing to say i would prefer to think they are scared a and way over their heads. nothing to say would tell me they are farther late than i thought make that november of next year.
i'd recommend reckoning for a live music experience. that's my other favorite.
@doug try any of the pure jerry series like hampton virginia 1991 has a great "what a wonderful world" he made the grateful dead but some of his best was with others
wb, i don't mind waiting either (if need be).  i truly believe, from what i have read, it will be out of this world good.  i'm very excited about it! :)
o'boogie, american beauty is really wonderful and all that (for a studio album), but i would have to suggest to doug adams to go out and get (or borrow) the grateful dead movie for a live experience. get the re-mastered extended dvd set that came out in 2004 or the newer transfer to blu-ray. i also have the cd's (5 of them that include all the different versions of all the songs from all the shows that were put together to create the movie). if you don't like that movie...you probably won't like anything else from the grateful dead. their live shows are where it's at!
sean f. i really don't mind waiting, what they're trying to has got to be difficult. jerry,  pono is still in it's infancy. i mean it's a start up company, ive lived through a startup and it's really hard, and sometimes you just can't keep up . maybe they don't have anything new to say?
@sean f well i don't think i will either the dealing silence by the project creators only means they are panicked and don't know what to do i'll be surprised to see them show up before may of next year to be honest with you.
what's you home town (if you don't mind) . i'm from chicago, pizza is a pretty big deal here!
cheese. it's the best pizza in my hometown. i get it most times when i'm in town visiting my parents.
what do you get on your pizza?
doug, start with american beauty.
i'm waiting for a pizza.
trust me it isn't snowing in this part of the midwest. jerry garcia. i haven't really listened to the greatful dead. have the album with touch of gray single. what album would you guys start with?
@wb. yes, your are right about that!
especially with the new os8
@wb. typing on an ipad can be interesting sometimes.
i don't mind being enveloped once in awhile  . lol
i meant envy.
i envelope those of you getting your pono's this month, but look forward to the comment's.  also anxious to receive my sprout next month as it and my pono will be the first upgrade in four decades.
@jerry  i don't think that you will be getting your player for a couple of weeks at least.  it had been posted on the pono boards from a moderator that the production units are now only starting to be produced.  that gives three weeks and a few days to get the units into our kickstarter pledges hands until the end of october.  it's a tight schedule, and it may or may not happen.  i think that we should remember that the october "promise" was still just a best guess estimation all those months ago.  i'll be happy if the pono arrives somewhere around the end of the month or even awhile into the next month (pono continues to reassure an october delivery though). my sprout amp that i pledged on kickstarter recently got delayed by 2 months due to an out of supply part.  what can i do about that, but try to be patient.  i just want it to be good and not skimped on.
@doug adams. obviously snowing your way as well.
@jerry  thanks for the chord's!  and information!
garcia played with a lot of people one of the greatest a bit more on nrps http://sixappealmusic.com/…
well there you go! thanks jerry! that's interesting.
@john. i have roughly 1800+ lp's and in the last couple of week's have been listening to many i haven't heard in 40 years.  did not know jerry garcia played with new riders of the purple sage.  learn something new everyday.  thanks for that info!  panama red is just a feel good tune to play.
remain, yeah it's a little to early for me too.
@wb “panama red” is a peter rowan composition which features a relatively simple melody that utilizes a grand total of six chords (bm/a/g/e7/f#/d) and drug-influenced lyrics (the title refers to a particularly potent cultivar of cannabis). we are informed that panama red will “steal your woman/then he’ll rob your head”. he comes to town “[o]n his white horse, mescalito” and “[h]e keeps well hidden underground.” there is a brief instrumental break 1 minute and 9 seconds into the song (lasting about 20 seconds) before dawson sings the last verse, in which he delivers the ultimate double entendre, announcing that he’ll be “searching all the joints in town for panama red.” clocking in at 2 minutes and 49 seconds, the song races along quickly, and soon we have reached the fade-out. musically this is not an overly complex tune; it’s just the easy-going country rock that defined the early nrps.
john, now that's funny! maybe!
@wb. your getting the snow we got earlier in the week.  about a week to soon here.
well wb, "...he'll steal your woman, then he'll rob your head...he keeps well hidden underground, but everybody's acting lazy, falling out and hangin' 'round...nobody feels like working, panama red is back in town...and i'll be searching all the joints in town for  panama red" could there be a connection...?
i thought panama red was a type of cannabis. lol
doug, i'm looking forward to playing with my pono in the snow :)
@wb, here in the midwestern us it is about55 degrees. cooler than it has been, but not snowing. probably be snowing when my december pono ships.
hey, remiam, i was just listening to "panama red" yesterday! i got the remastered version of old and in the way that came out last year that included both shows from october of 1973. i went ahead and purchased the flac-hd version and am so glad i did! panama red lyrics: peter rowan music: peter rowan played by jerry garcia with peter rowan in old and in the way in 1973. also recorded and played by the new riders of the purple sage (after jerry had stopped playing with them). panama red, panama red he'll steal your woman, then he'll rob your head panama red, panama red on his white horse, mescalito he come breezin' through town i'll bet your woman's up in bed with panama red the judge don't know when red's in town he keeps well hidden underground but everybody's acting lazy falling out and hangin' 'round my woman said, "hey pedro you're actin' crazy like a clown" nobody feels like working panama red is back in town [chorus] everybody's looking out for him 'cause they know red's satisfies little girls love to listen to him sing and tell sweet lies but when things get too confusing, honey you're better off in bed and i'll be searching all the joints in town for panama red [chorus]
cool halloween pic and name
@rick, the web is as stupid does ❤️��
i can't believe it's snowing outside here in northern wisconsin. we had a lot snow last year and we needed it. i hope it piles up again this year. what's the weather like where you're at?
panama red
@ doug yeah!!!
ok, one more time! http://m.youtube.com/watch…
@lisa c that's one way to fill the page up : ) https://www.youtube.com/watch…
oops again...;-) http://m.youtube.com/watch… ios 8 messed up ipad mini!
oops! http://m.youtube.com/watch…
o'b get your boots on! u2 :-) http://m.youtube.com/watch… and http://m.youtube.com/watch… happy saturday ponopeople!
lenny kravitz played the graham norton show last night in the uk. http://www.bbc.co.uk/iplayer/episode/b04kjk9r/the-graham-norton-show-series-16-episode-2
i just saw daniel martin moore and joan shelley (kentucky folk musicians) perform at a small, refurbished theater in the town next to mine (elizabethtown, kentucky) last night. i recorded several songs with my little casio "point and shoot" camera. so far, i've uploaded only one song. here is daniel martin moore performing a wonderful cover version of the song, "smile" with the help of dan dorff in keyboards. http://youtu.be/sy0s_7rbmgm…
i have on my favorite boots today.
it's national public radio (npr) pledge week, did you make your donation?
@john thanks, beautiful song going 'round in my head! will bring pandora up and play it now! welcome october, it's going to be a great day! keep the faith people! :-)
shocker:  internet trolls are narcissists, psychopaths and sadists:  http://t.co/vwbjgdokhf
another day of no delivery
1. start up  2. cash in  3. sell out  4. bro down
@doug adams doubt that anyone hopes this is a scam that would be sick. but this projects creators is doing nothing to help. zero communication late delivery i am not talking about the players just being late. they were late shipping out the posters stickers and shirts. stolen data how righteous indeed.
"stairway to heaven" there's a lady who's sure all that glitters is gold and she's buying a stairway to heaven. when she gets there she knows, if the stores are all closed with a word she can get what she came for. ooh, ooh, and she's buying a stairway to heaven. there's a sign on the wall but she wants to be sure 'cause you know sometimes words have two meanings. in a tree by the brook, there's a songbird who sings, sometimes all of our thoughts are misgiven. ooh, it makes me wonder, ooh, it makes me wonder. there's a feeling i get when i look to the west, and my spirit is crying for leaving. in my thoughts i have seen rings of smoke through the trees, and the voices of those who stand looking. ooh, it makes me wonder, ooh, it really makes me wonder. and it's whispered that soon, if we all call the tune, then the piper will lead us to reason. and a new day will dawn for those who stand long, and the forests will echo with laughter. if there's a bustle in your hedgerow, don't be alarmed now, it's just a spring clean for the may queen. yes, there are two paths you can go by, but in the long run there's still time to change the road you're on. and it makes me wonder. your head is humming and it won't go, in case you don't know, the piper's calling you to join him, dear lady, can you hear the wind blow, and did you know your stairway lies on the whispering wind? and as we wind on down the road our shadows taller than our soul. there walks a lady we all know who shines white light and wants to show how everything still turns to gold. and if you listen very hard the tune will come to you at last. when all are one and one is all to be a rock and not to roll. and she's buying a stairway to heaven.
@doug, buying into the pono player on the very first day / neil young is the go to guy !!! amazing days :) i now agree with you / i gotta suck it up and live with it ... live with the loss of faith from (support@ponomusic.com) that's hard to swallow. pono music "had me cold" buying 6 players & a poster wow !!! then pirated data - salesfarce.com & silence ... answering backer questions? - respecting backer data? - updating & preserving our trust and faith? too late to fix it / never gonna happen - pono music had me cold / now leaves me cold / very poor business ethos / the player is everything now / the player is why neil young was the go to guy / all thats all that is left here "the player"  have a great weekend doug long live pono !!!
when you get your pono music player where will you use it? mine will mainly be used as a portable to replace my sansa fuze and clip +. it will also do battle against my oppo 105 in the main system. they both have the sabre chips in them. pono music players are getting closer every day.
i am pretty sure the pono music players will ship. like to think sooner instead of later. some people think, maybe even hope pono is some kind of scam. if so why make 9 prototype players? they already had our money without making anything. pono will ship players.
@jerry, @travisstyle, @everyone else, i agree that the communication could be better. it would be great to know exactly when the pono music players will ship. apparently that isn't going to happen. i will live with it. i asked the pono forum about changing from email to some other user name, because i didn't know the answer. so far no response. listening to cowboy junkies, if you were the woman and i was the man.
@manoko, hope to get you the link this weekend. finally found the pedram comment and book marked it. when you get to the pono music site select community. sign in using your email as user name and enter your password. you will see some groups. you can read any of them by clicking on them. you do not have to join a group to read it. joining a group means it will mix into the kitchen floor. kf works similar to this site. see you there.
eat a bug.
@fly your picture has a resemblence to o'boogie
my tweet- @pono hey! how about an update as in when are the backers shipping confirmed for their players?!?
http://www.whathifi.com/pono/ponoplayer/review  a bit of a review on the pono player
okay your math is much better. i was scrabbling at numbers. i prefer your calculation. not just as painful. again, thanks.
@gerald mcwilliams: your additional bill will be around £65.00 for vat & import duty + a fee from ups to pick that fee up of around £10.00. so at today's exchange rate you will have paid £248 for the pono, £9.33 international shipping, about £65 in vat & duty and around £10 fee from ups. total you paid for your pono based on today's exchange rates +or- a little and the fee for ups £332.00. p.s. remember though you were charged for your pono months ago @ a different exchange rate : )
thanks for the replies. i anticipate an additional bill of $200/£125 bill just to collect one pono from the post office. blimey. it's all gonna kick off here. not many will be aware of this 'surprise'.
@gerald mcwilliams: depending on where you live you will have up to three separate charges applied (possibly! they do miss some) import duty, vat & the fee ups will charge you for picking up the previous 2 charges on behalf of you tax authority. so if you live in the uk the total cost of of a $399 pono will be there or thereabouts £320 in your hand. work it out yourself here- http://www.dutycalculator.com/new-import-duty-and-tax-calculation/
i agree with alexander adema. it shouldn't be like this, the player is supposed to be delivered this month and yet, we hear nothing from the ponomusic staff. as much as i am impatient to finally get it and experience what music is supposed to sound like. i can't help but be a tid bit disappointed because of this lack of communication. please, write an update, talk to your customers.
@gerald mcwilliams yes there will be custom taxes on international orders. where i live it will be 21% + some additional fee i think.
just looked at update #19. as an international backer i have suddenly got concerned about additional customs tax being added when the pono ships. on another kickstarter project which has just been fulfilled, i have just had to pay $32 customs fee for a product listed on the shipping label as $59. if the same equation is applicable to the $399 pledge for a pono it's possible i, and other international backers, will have a serious problem with an additional $200+ fee just to collect from the post office. any clarity on this issue anyone?
so. it is october. there should be an update letting us know when our pono's will be shipped. i am quite underwhelmed by pono's lack of communication during the waiting period.
@wc, still a flaming flying monkey r we wc?
@the fly-thanks for showing us where you come from! :)
http://is5.myvideo.de/de/user_pics/bd9/1881941262_1266595347.jpg
@manoko, same here, just want it to be an awesome player. now patiently waiting for the le to be sent and the first listening experience...
further to gerald's comment below here is the 'what hi-fi'  'hands on' review with some pics - it will fit in your jeans front pocket (!): http://www.whathifi.com/pono/ponoplayer/review
that review from whathifi is very encouraging. the only thing they found lackluster was the touchscreen and interface, which doesn't hold up to recent standards set by the smartphone industry. though, i don't believe that it is what we all want from the player. at least for myself, i just want it to be an awesome music player, no more, no less. the interface/touchscreen being simply good enough for me to enjoy my music.
'what hifi' have just published a hands on review of the pono player on their twitter feed. check out @whathifi. the good news is, it was mostly positive.
dam auto correct  meant for siltech
il tech if that was a reply to me great i'll have an auction and see who bids higher i did back the first day so in theory i'll get mine before a lot of people. 1. start up  2. cash in  3. sell out  4. bro down
sean f. will likely take you up on that of course who knows how long before it comes they missed two days in october already i have a black 300 one but i may give ebay a shot depends how they are moving. at least i know what to expect from sony the point is not the burn in period i can maybe understand that but they have been spewing perfect music for months and months until they stopped updating us now all of a sudden this talk about break in period and very sketchy about how long it will take to break in kind of like listening to a kids playing a clarinet sounds crappy and each time it sounds better so that when they are a senior in high school they might sound good, who wants to wait 12 years
yes an update by this week would be nice... hope it's not oct. 20 and we slowly start to get shipping emails one by one (in order they're received) and they start to arrive in early nov. cause that would be a broken promise �
same here.
really jerry?  just because there is mention of 'burn in' explaining electronics settling on the pono, you're going to get a sony player instead?  without even giving the pono a listen?   i'll tell you what, when you receive your pono, don't open it.  email me and i'll buy it off of you.  which one did you get?
he responded to my tweet. it's at a preview event not from a pre-order
a guy who seems to work for what hi-fi has got his https://twitter.com/therealjoecox/status/517619511928029184  dunno if it's for review or a pre-order though
@doug adams you wouldn't have to worry about a link if that site had a search function you could just type in a word used like "impossible" and it would find that word in that pedram post! the link is so simple to find here it is you just have to copy your address bar when your on the post you want to link. https://ponomusic.force.com/articles/product_guide/ponoplayer… as far as asking people on that site about the user name why ask try to change it it plain and simply won't let you. as far as you guess to the shipping date we shouldn't have to guess they have not given us any info in months. my guess is we won't see them ship until august nothing to base it on other than no communication from them. and my experience with many other kickstarter projects the bigger always get later i have one project that is a year late and even they communicate more than these guys. sometimes projects even take your money and you never hear from them again i have a couple of those. hopefully this delivers sometime. however this nonsense that pedram posted will have me looking at the new sony units a bit closer as i am not interested in a unit that will not reproduce the music the same each time. may as well stick with mp3's if that is what it is going to do you will at least know what to expect, junk.
@doug adams it's not that i have trouble logging in. everything is fine on this end. it's just that i don't really get where the active discussions are. am i supposed to join particular groups in the ponomusic community website ? that's why i ask for a link to the active discussions and the post by pedram you were talking about, because i can't seem to find where people are talking on this website. it's not as simple as a regular forum, or at least i didn't find it yet.
everyone needs to listen to more music. i have started listening to the police, synchronicity on shm sacd. wonderful.
@travisstyle, don't think pono is going to answer questions about john hamm since he is no longer an employee. i imagine both parties have agreed to keep that confidential. i don't see john running around commenting on it either. it has been said he is still an investor in pono music.
@travisstyle, @jerry. i have asked people on the pono music site if it is possible to make your user name different than your email. it is too late tonight to get enough responses. i will let you know what i find. some people are calling the pono music player late. pono, never to my knowledege, gave an exact date in october for shipment. i do think we will see them ship this month. my guess is middle to end of month. some of this could even depend on what country they are shipping to.
@jerry, i don't think your email spam was from pono or kickstarter. no one on the other site has grumped about such a thing, and i haven't noticed any extra email. the only exception, i do get emails from kickstarter about their stuff and there is a tab in pono music website that will compile a "cliff's notes" of each group you are active in. so if you join ten groups you get ten emails at the end of each week. you can turn this off if you want. people have grumped far more about the free u2 album apple sent out without permission. so your email problem must come from some where else. you don't have get info from any of the 100 groups on the pono music website. go to groups, look them over, and the ones you are interested in join. only those groups will show up on you kitchen floor feed. some groups are in foreign languages i don't speak. so i didn't join and never see them.
sorry for the double post. i don't work that tough a shift. my tablet goes nuts on this website at times. got started a lot later tonight than i had hoped. will start with easy stuff tonight. @manoko, what problem are you having logging on to the other website? are you getting a page that shows a large mixing console? if so i had trouble with that. or are you getting to the log in page and nothing happens? if so i had trouble with that. it keeps asking for user name - which in my case would be doug adams. but as @travisstyle and @jerry point out pono uses your email as the user name. putting that in will get you past that obstacle. if none of that works let me know. i will try to help. i am not a computer guru. i am still working on getting you a link to the pedram comment. hope some of this helps.
1. start up  2. cash in  3. sell out  4. bro down
@ben masters then they should break them in all thier hype was for perfect music it is not perfect if it changes every time you play it that is just not right or the change is so minute that they should not have bothered mentioning it. it's all about the money anyhow and by the way what would it hurt for them to give an update it is october and so far no pono will it come in november some people say they have gotten emails others have not. not much communication now that they have the 6.2 million bucks
@jerry hey dude, no need to flood the comment section with exerts froms the faq found on the front page. if you read the artricle i referenced you would know that the players "break in" over time. they're still going to kick some serious ass when they arrive at our door. my intentions in posting earlier were hoping to steer the conversation away from all the jackasses who were complaining about not seeing a box sticking out their mailboxes this morning.
question what is special about the ponoplayer technology? answer the ponoplayer was designed with a "no compromises" approach to sound quality. we partnered with the engineering team at ayre to include some of their world-class audio technology in our ponoplayer. the ayre team describes their contribution to the ponoplayer design as follows: • the digital filter used in the ponoplayer has minimal phase, and no unnatural (digital sounding) pre-ringing. all sounds made (including music) always have reflections and/or echoes after the initial sound. there is no sound in nature that has any echo or reflection before the sound, which is what conventional linear-phase digital filters do. this is one reason that digital sound has a reputation for sounding "unnatural" and harsh. • all circuitry is zero-feedback. feedback can only correct an error after it has occurred, which means that it can never correct for all errors. by using proprietary ultra-linear circuitry with wide bandwidth and low output impedance, there is no need for unnatural sounding feedback. • the dac (digital-to-analog converter) chip being used is widely recognized in the audio and engineering community as one of the best sounding dac chips available today. • the output buffer used to drive the headphones is fully discrete so that all individual parameters and circuit values and parts quality can be fully optimized for the absolute finest sound quality. the output impedance is very low so that the ponoplayer delivers perfectly flat frequency response and wide volume range using virtually any set of headphones.
question what is the pono promise? answer it's simple yet profound. the pono promise is to offer you the highest quality digital music albums or songs in the world - at ponomusic.com. this is the start, the source, of a listening experience unlike any other - powerful, emotional, satisfying. and, we've built a portable music player unlike any other in the world to enjoy this music wherever it takes you. but ponomusic is more than just a high-resolution music store and music player. pono is a grassroots movement whose mission is to bring back the sound of the soul of music, which has been left behind in the evolution of convenience. ponomusic digital albums capture all the feeling, spirit, and emotion that the artists put in their original studio recordings - nothing more, and certainly nothing less. to make this possible we've created an entirely new end-to-end experience, and an "ecosystem" to allow you to effortlessly manage this new world of music quality. we've sourced the studio master quality (digital) recordings - and we have also designed the portable ponoplayer with a "no compromises" approach to bring that original recording back to life, untouched by the heavy hand of compression. close your eyes and it feels like the music is being performed live. right in front of you. you hear the nuances, the soft touches, the ends on the echo, the air in the ambiance, and the full texture. everything the artist meant for you to hear. listen to what some of the world's most loved artists have to say about ponomusic at http://www.ponomusic.com. their own words, unscripted, are as powerful and emotional as their own music. they describe how we take them back to the same feeling they had in the studio. this is a feeling that is lost with the proliferation of lossy compressed digital formats such as mp3 - where everything became loud, flat and heartless. yes, mp3s are really convenient and sometimes, that's ok. but, if you want to hear all the music, if you want it to be really special, you have to start with all the music. as neil young says, "it's about the music, it's the real music experience for the 21st century. it feels good because it is good."
question will i really hear the ponomusic difference in sound quality? answer yes. we are confident that you will hear the difference. we're even more confident you will feel it. everyone who's ever heard ponomusic will tell you that the difference is surprising and dramatic. especially when they listen to their favorite familiar music. they're amazed by how much better the music sounds and astonished at how much detail they didn't realize was missing compared to the original. they tell us that not only do they hear the difference but they feel it in their body and in the sound of the soul of music. unfortunately, the way music is often listened to now, it allows us to recognize it as a song we might know, or a new song we might like, but not to hear or feel the music the way the artist created it. when we see a low quality photograph, we can almost always figure out what we are looking at - but when we study a truly stunning photograph, with the glorious detail and color and light and focus that a talented photographer can create with a great camera, we feel that picture differently - we are almost taken to the place it was shot, and to the same degree as listening to wonderfully recorded music, we can feel like we were "there". the difference between "ok", "good" and "great" is a personal assessment. we all know in our heart and soul what music is supposed to sound like. we have all heard it, in its perfect live form. at pono, we work every day to bring you more music to listen to, as you know it's supposed to sound.
@ben masters i am puzzled as to how listening to a song on the pono player and having it sound different every time is something good. it more sounds like a bad defect. we were told that this would play music as it was recorded hi def with nothing less than pure music. or some such words like that. you know all that righteous stuff. it was supposed to play perfect now we find it will only play perfect if continuously played over and over. how many times do you have to play  it before it becomes perfect?  now we will get a player with a bad defect. other forms of music play back fail. vinyl records deteriorate everytime played, reel to reels and cassettes deteriorate and wear out and hiss level go up from wear and tear. hope they fix this flaw before they release it.  all the hype about he def out the window its all about the money 1. start up  2. cash in  3. sell out  4. bro down
@travisstyle in case you hadn't seen it enjoy was on tv the other night. http://southpark.cc.com/full-episodes/s18e01-go-fund-yourself
well finally kickstarter is enforcing some rules to bad this didn't happen in the past hello, this is a message from kickstarter’s trust & safety team. we’re writing to notify you that the liquid screen shield: a truly invisible screen protector project has been suspended, and your $18.00 usd pledge has been canceled. a review of the project uncovered evidence that it broke kickstarter's rules. we may suspend projects when they demonstrate one or more of the following:  •a related party posing as an independent, supportive party in project comments or elsewhere •misrepresenting support by pledging to your own project •misrepresenting or failing to disclose relevant facts about the project or its creator •providing inaccurate or incomplete user information to kickstarter or one of our partners
there was an article posted yesterday in the knowledge section on the pono community website. cool read with good news. pono players apparently get better over time!
@doug adams : that's some tough double shifts you are pulling there : )
lots to to read & answer. headed to work now. will try to post some tonight. first of the month is my busiest time.   listening to black sabbath, iron man.
too true, @siltech.
we're in the 10th round, of this championship fight.
wow. still no idea what you are on about. alright then. bye!
@ob, are you claiming ponomusic.com will answer all of our backer questions only when logging into ponomusic? there isn't a grain of truth in what you are saying! do you know what you are saying ob? this is kickstarter not ponomusic ! this is how kickstarter projects are managed, here on the kickstarter website. ponomusic.com huh - you ride that rainbow !
keep it going.* hi, i hate not being able to edit. also, if you went to ponomusic.com, they answer lots of questions there. bye now!
nope. still no idea what you are on about. but by all means, keep posting. making fun of my hair is amazing. good stuff. keeping going.
everything rides or falls on the pono player's ability to deliver hra when it arrives by ups ? fedx ? who knows. / support@ponomusic.com stopped responding to everyone on the comments page months ago so singling me out / relax ob october is here and you're just one of those people who don't need a costume to go out trick or treating :-) you a hating ob grow up !
by the way, of course they stopped answering. your constant barrage of emails doubtless left them time to do anything else, like, you know, build and ship the ponos they promised? i do not understand what on earth your issue is, but i hope you get help soon. llp, indeed.
hahahaha. ok. whatever you say, pal. i think your rambling, incoherent posts speak for themselves. as for my hair, what on earth are you talking about? oh, wait. i never know what you are talking about. never mind.
@ob, the post below reflects many of the donors concerns. you arrived here on the comments page towards the very end of the pono campain - your hair kinda says it all ob. why rant now ? where were you when support@ponomusic.com stopped answering the backers questions? my interest in backing the pono player is very simply "the player" nothing more. until "the player" and when "the player" arrives / try it out with my new cans from canada / ask other peoples opinion (will my tinnitus be a factor?) until the pono's are shipped to the right address under the right names (please get off your high horse ob it simply does not become you) until that time - everything here is simply hype !!! long live pono !!!
@travisstyle, you are making yourself look totally nuts. sorry, but you are. i have no idea what you are going on about. no one does. please stop with this nonsense. almost no one comes here anymore because of you and your inane ramblings. you need to not get involved in any kickstarter projects ever again. seriously. just don't. @doug, you are a patient man, my friend.
lots to to read & answer. headed to work now. will try to post some tonight. first of the month is my busiest time.   listening to black sabbath, iron man.
@doug, sadly... we backers, and there are more than a few of us here on the kickstarter comments page. we have been asking support@ponomusic.com various questions on honest concerns & subjects here with direct emails to support@ponomusic.com. we have posted our email questions to support here on comments (kickstarter tradition after the close of a successful fundraising effort) for months! no response from support! empty, hollow echo has been the reply from support@ponomusic.com. trust is earned ! support@ponomusic.com has remained aloof, detached & (doggy picture) dismissive to the questions raised here on the backer comments page. yes the trust was there in the beginning with john hamm... since his departure from ponomusic.com all of the great, forthright & trusting replies from support@ponomusic.com have simply disappeared! not a peep! so why would the new website interest me when support@ponomusic.com walked away from any discussion regarding mr hamn, or our data ported over to salesforce.com without our permission & the question of opt-out is still unanswered. the shipping addresses are bouncing between kickstarter & salesforce.com with empty fantom emails (very buggy software) i am not asking anything of support@ponomusic.com that is in any way off topic! the questions asked here on the comments are important! until the questions are respected and answered here on comments the trust to go over to the new website isn't going to happen. why would any of us after months of silence  from support@ponomusic.com suddenly give in and trust the new website after the insulting silence from support@ponomusic.com? thats some bad tinfoil hat your wearing over there... support@ponomusic.com !
@doug adams @neil you can change your screen name not your user name they arbitrarily put your email address as your user name and won't allow you to change. and i don't have a desire to look at every group and posting. i might want to look for tips on a certain type of headphone or say info on memory cards you can't wade threw all the posts unless you spend all your time doing so. as far as the trust @travisstyle mentioned we were hijacked into sales farce without being asked for marketing purposes. the amount of junk mail i am getting now has skyrocketed to the email address that they have as the username. while i can't prove it the timing is to much of a coincidence. just wish the pono was not late delivering and then wouldn't need that email account anymore but it's a shame they won't let us do what we want. neil it's october any chance for an update?
@doug adams can you please provide a link to the post by pedream you're referring to ? i still can't figure out how to get into the active discussions on the ponomusic community website... thanks.
@wc, see post below. pedram slipped a small, unofficial update into one of the forums on the official website. we are getting very close. long live pono! listening to pink floyd, wish you were here on hi-res sacd. bought two copies. one is my unopened backup copy. phenomenal music and disc.
@travisstyle, pedram, earlier tonight, posted that they have been working very long hours to get the pono music player and music store out and running. pedram said the pono music player design is finalized and that factory production starts in the next few days. from this, i think october 8 is slightly early. who knows? there are factories that could produce all the pre-ordered october pono music players in a day or two. neil young is a keynote speaker at the dream conference ( think that is the name ). it is the 16th of october. many think the pono store and players will be ready for this big event. we are getting very close. travisstyle, i don't understand what is involved in the store trusting you? how does pono show this trust? what are you expecting from them? help me understand. long live pono!
@pono/creator-  it's rocktober!  now would be a great time for a real update!
@doug, amicably... i'll trust the new website when the site trusts me ... neil young is ritualistic / does big things when the moon is full ! kickstarter pono ended on the full moon cycle. october 8th marks the next full moon. any bets on the players falling off the truck october 8th? long full pono
@jerry, not sure which issues you are inquiring about. you still can't edit, except for deleting the whole post and reposting. there isn't any thing i would call a real search. but i am not a social media/computer guru. what i do is bookmark posts. then when you want to find places you posted, it is under bookmarks. stuff is also organized in groups. i belong to the kitchen floor which compiles all my other groups in serial order - like here. also belong to pono player, pono store, cd ripping, analog ripping, hi-res, vacuum tube audio, diy, etc. there are over 100 groups. you can change your user name. i haven't done it, but one person now goes by sku#001nypono. it was strange. one day he used his real name, next day he was sku. pono says they are on schedule for an october release. many think it will be the middle of the month when neil is scheduled to give a big presentation at an expo. check out the new website. it is not perfect, but it is fun. pono is trying really hard to make every one happy.  they are doing pretty well. most have moved to the new website. join us. long live pono!
it's october here in new zealand - i'm waiting for a e-mail (or something...) to tell me my pono le has been shipped to my address together with notification the pono site is live :)
@doug adams have they fixed the issues with the new site yet? are you able to search yet? and can you change the user name being your email address? have they said when they will ship tomorrow is october how late will they be?
@doug, phishing for new hats are we?
@doug, thank you. you're very nice. i think  mine sounded great out of the box, too. they might "break in" a bit, but i don't necessarily buy into that whole thing as a rule. i'm really glad you like them!
@robert davidson, i am sure you will still be impressed with the pono music player. the design and discrete parts will put it above the ipod. it will be a revelation.
@o'boogie, you made my day. you always brighten up the forum. o'boogie, did your b&w c5 headphones require break in? i usually find headphones and speakers sound too tight and lacking in "give". as they break in, subtle details and the decay of music improves.  i find the b&w to be very good right out of the box. they sound very clear and organic to me. enjoyable to listen to right from the start. thanks for the recommendation. listening to supertramp, crime of the century. wish they were still making albums. for new people here, there is considerably more pono discussion on the official pono music website. check it out.
listening to harper simon https://m.youtube.com/watch… with a side of jenni muldaur https://m.youtube.com/watch… don't let the black clouds bring you down ;-) long live the great pono charlie brown !!!
@doug adams, i'm checking in. happy now? ;-) is it october yet? oh, wait. it very nearly is ... cannot wait to flash that pono smile!
whilst obviously excited about the imminent dispatch of my arcade fire le pono i'm very disappointed to hear they are only 16 bit albums. was looking forward to compare to my ipod. not sure the difference is going to wow me now!!!
listening to moody blues, nights in white satin. waiting for the pono music player to ship.
listening to jennyo  http://jennyo.bandcamp.com
if you're looking for a way to see most if not all of the news articles about pono and have an ipad load the fliipboard app and do a search for pono.
the ponoo music players will ship in october. be positive. listening to mark knopfler, speedway at nazareth. 24/88 sound quality.
october or bu st pononaughts ! https://m.youtube.com/watch…
i'm at piece that product will be delivered as promised in a timely manner. my only concern is that the technology is already closing in on dated and that the hardware may fall victim to outdated software. my hope is that the the corporation and developers remain in tact and follow the future not just the money.
how is it they don't have shipping details didn't yancey give them our info
i have not gotten an email for my oct pono player. so i opened a ticket on pono community. maybe i'm just paranoid?
i just got an order submitted email, im an oct delivery order
i've also received an email stating that they didn't have shipping details. i've sent them a screenshot showing that they're there but haven't had confirmation
just to update the ongoing shipping emails / the pledge on this account is for one of the artist signature series: grateful dead – limited edition artist ponoplayer in chrome. laser engraved with artist's signature. comes pre-loaded with artist's top two favorite albums. handmade leather case with presentation box. plus: website thanks estimated delivery: dec 2014 since the delivery date is december 2014 which lands after the october delivery we have all been waiting for / shipping information now should confirm december 2014 delivery / now if the get my real name on the package... or (shutter to think after all we have been through) a simple name mistake / avatar would bounce it all the way back to china :(
@support ponomusic.com, email received today confirming shipping order & a ham sandwich using my "travisstyle" first name & lastname" as last name on the shipping label... either this is a joke or the software is buggy / responded with forward to support@ponomusic.com / received generated reply below : dear travisstyle lastname, thank you for contacting ponomusic support. support ticket #00002117: "fwd: order confirmation" has been created. a ponomusic representative will review your support ticket and follow up with you, as needed. you will be notified of any updates. mahalo, the ponomusic support team support@ponomusic.com if enough of us request confirmation of our real name & address here on kickstarter ponomusic should (fingers crassed) respect all of our hard earned nickels & dimes donated to pono music to get them this far (we can only hope)
kinda feel like this is where pono player is today ... http://classicgaragellc.files.wordpress.com/2009/11/102_0113.jpg and know this is what will show up in october 2014 http://media-cache-ec0.pinimg.com/736x/16/cb/65/16cb65e7887ccf432107839160149ea9.jpg long live pono !!!
steve and paul i also got the same e-mail. i sent them a screenshot of what i see when i login (i.e., my mailing address) and am waiting to hear back.
just went over to the beach across from neil's here in hawaii / one lone soul hidden & wrapped up in a lawn chair watching the sunset & a real tan guy riding a mountain bike swooping buy my location in scan the big yellow jeep. i say leave the guy alone  / which is just what my friend & i did / we left for another beach / if that really was you neil ... well he deserves the best & the best was a clear sunset on the big island here in hawaii tonight !!! relax neil we all love ya baby !!! long live pono !!!
yes, i also got that email steve.. sent them an email asking them to confirm they have my details and i'm waiting to hear back.
anyone else get an email stating that they didn't have shipping details but when youblogged in they are on there? just wondering cause it says it needs em by 30 th september and i don't want it delayed!! :d
i'll finish ... it is a message to the pono store to make available players for sale asap
i'll finish ... it is a message to the pono store to make available players for sale asap
@jdc  these people are very un-pono !  we have cutting edge technology for the cost of half an iphone.  it is a message to the pono store to
?
what's going on the clear ponos?
he should ask at least $2000.00 us.
someone already trying to cash in:  http://www.ebay.com.au/itm/pono-player-limited-foo-fighters-edition-new-/171442467600…
thanks!
@terence lightning bolt - 44.1 khz/24 bit vs. (expanded edition) - 44.1 khz/24 bit
@terence:  pj albums are lightening bolt and the extended rerelease of vs.
anyone hear what the two pj albums are?? i've been in india without internet.  thx all!
@christopher campbell, sorry the looks of the pono music player don't connect with you. don't let your eyes rob your ears of what they need. do this for your ears. listening to elo,evil woman.
thanks eduard, i'll do that now
@james if you send me a mail with your details i will contact pono for you. my email address is eduard@ponomusic.com
does anyone know what to do when you've lost the ponomusic.com login email and i need to change my delivery address for oct pre-order delivery? i've tried emailing them through kickstarter and i've tried twitter but no luck yet. any ideas guys?
@christopher, agree *** happy birthday lenny !!! we love ya !!! http://www.npr.org/2014/09/15/347480040/first-listen-leonard-cohen-popular-problems… long live pono !!!
ya know, i loved the idea behind this. in theory, this is the perfect device for me. but dear lord it's the most god-awfully ugly thing. it looks like a childs toy. that shape is awkward as hell, and those buttons.....really top it off in the worst way. i'm sure some people will like it but in it's current for it's just too bad for me to buy. i'm hoping there will be a 2.0 version that doesn't look like a child will try to put it in the square hole, then the star hole, then finally the triangle hole. please please please please please make a rectangular version of this. i would immediately buy the highest capacity version. my comment above was not an attempt at trolling, i genuinely want this product to take off, my chances of getting a more traditional looking device would be higher.
pono music players will ship on time or real close to it. listening to enya,  watermark.
my grandmother still loves her rocker... http://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-2762581/neil-young-takes-vintage-car-spin-enjoys-single-life-following-split-wife-pegi.html long poo limo !!!
october as stated.
by christmas.....2014......please.
my bet is we will for sure have then by june
ill be honest.  i dont care about performances, appearances, etc etc.  i want the pono, oct is on its way with no talk of shipment via the updates.  maybe somewhere in the comments but no time to sift through the thousands. someone else asked also, when will it ship.
@robert davidson and with special drm so you can play it on all your (apple) devices you buy it for, again and again and again.
from pitchfork "u2 and apple working on new digital music format"  it "will prove so irresistibly exciting to music fans that it will tempt them again into buying music" a "new music format"  the mind boggles, thankfully we have pono.
@tmh, two pono music players, great choice. the clear is very interesting. i may have to pick a second one up for home. bought a yellow for portable use. if the pono is easy to use, dad may also get one for father's day. hopefully by then there won't be pre orders. gee, that would make three pono music players. listening to bruckner symphony 4 in e flat, evgen jochum conducting. loaned to me by a friend. nakamichi receiver, sony sacd player, and sennheiser 600 headphones. wish it was a sacd instead of a cd.
"has the new album" read before you post
doug adams i bought a tom petty le for home (pity it already ash teh new album loaded) and a clear for the road
new pono update # 44 up now
i should say im first edition black version
still looking at oct delivery?
doug, i hope this sound as good or better than my home source unit. if it does, then i may sell home source, and pocket lots if cash. i don't think it'll sound better thou. long live pono.
i primarily bought the pono music player for portable use. can't wait to hear how it does in a home setting. i may end up with a second player. anyone else planning on using two players on a regular basis? listening to santana caravanserai on cd.
@wc well they could make one with a dry erase spot so you could change names as needed.
i wonder if pono will be making any daryl hannah le's?
@neil young any word on the pono players an occasional update would be nice only 14 days to october will you send out a tracking number or anything?
the two albums pre-loaded to the my morning jacket le pono music player are okonokos (double live album recorded in 2005) and circuital (latest studio album - 2011).
heads on time :) https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/plpl/rock-hard-canadian-maple-headphones/posts/986909… long live pono !
@doug, yep and the crazy horse le's are just around the corner.
should say first wave. wish we could edit on this forum.
listening to the doors  la woman. the fist wave of pono music players are getting closer. have microsd cards loaded and ready. wonder how many other pono accessories there will be? we have already heard of a case, some form of memory card expansion, and special balanced output cables. we can't forget the music either.
kickstarter pono music pledges completed... and then ? pono could have done it here https://www.backerkit.com pono might have launched the player store & the forum & the music all in one wonderful bang !!! salesforce.com dissolved & diluted & fractured the pono launch (poor choice) the players alone will be worth the wait !!! long live pono !!!
jeff lynne is performing a live concert at hyde park in hours all the elo hits with a full orchestra. listen live here.  http://www.bbc.co.uk/events/ernv4f/live/cxvg9r
cool jerry, i'll do that.
if you have sirius xm radio listen to willie nelson's farm aid concert starts at noon saturday channel 56   video stream on farmaid.org at 5 pm nail plays at 9 and wille at 10 http://blog.farmaid.org/2014/09/farm-aid-2014-lineup-schedule.html
u2 has been only about the money since the rockers who tout their irishness moved there entire business off the emerald isle about twenty years ago to avoid paying taxes on their 100's of millions of earnings.    want a great irish band?    waterboys all the way!
@tmh any bets pono music store will try the same. just another publicity stunt to deceive the public, it's a shame u2 allowed it to happen but again it's all about the money in the music industry.
doug adams interesting article on the push of the new u2 album which references bob lefsetz http://www.cultofmac.com/295576/u2-apple-marketing-debacle/
big time, rocky.
@siltech. the stones are part of my dna. concert auckland nz 16 november . can't wait !! saw them in cologne a few years ago. keith was awesome. he sang happy with a cigarette in his mouth the whole time. for another song he flicked his cigarette on the floor, sang his song, then picked it up ! cockroaches & keith - the ultimate survivors.
a little gimme shelter. open up and push play.http://grooveshark.com/#!/now_playing/gimme+shelter/2chtzi
listening to jennifer warnes the hunter. waiting for my pono music player. april seems so long ago. long live pono!
doug adams time will tell, but at this stage streaming is winning.  record shops are closing down and physical sales show a downward trend, digital sales are falling for the first time ever.  the only up is streaming.  and apple paid $3bn for beats, not for the headphones, but for the streaming. it only needs critical mass.  here in australia foxtel (the only cable provider) just halved its basic package monthly cost, hoping to pick up more subscribers to offset the price reduction.  once the infrastructure is in place and the contracts agreed every additional cent in revenue falls to the bottom line.  i would imagine that $50 was based on the existing subscriber base, they have no production costs or any of the expenses tv subscription companies have .  if an audio/video streaming business like netflix can make money at $7.99 per month it cant be too hard to make money out of a pure audio streaming business
@tmh, the report investigated raising prices. they found that approx. $50 a month would be required for long term profitability. majority won't pay it. streamers expect everything for almost free. look up the report if you get a chance.
doug adams appreciate your position, i am the same, i like to own the physical (preferably cd, if not file) but i have followed bob for 15 years, and he is generally right, he tipped the move to pay per song way back the 1990's, before the itunes store opened. the reality is however is that physical sales have dropped dramatically, whilst the level of streaming services (and number of tracks streamed) have grown significantly. the vast majority of the population doesn't care about the quality, they just want the music, and streaming gives them that, instantly. and as for the business model, these streaming companies are doing what the cable companies did in their early days, get people hooked on the service and then progressively ramp up the price as the market grows.   sure, only one or two will last (my bet, spotify and beats/apple) but i think bob is right, streaming will be the future and hi-res ownership a minority.  i am happy to be in that minority.
@tmh, thanks for the info. i personally won't put much faith in his predictions. he seems kind of clueless to me. he loves music, but failed to notice that the sound quality went to cr*p with streaming. he writes pono and all physical media off and yet they will most likely make his new lossless streaming sound like cr*p again. the technology to stream 24/88 and higher is years away. he sure isn't a prophet for  my musical future.  so far, not one of the streaming services have figured out how to make a profit. a large business research group did a study and concluded none of the sreaming companies will be around. they are all using a broken business model.
hey john two negative make a positive.
yeah siltech, i sure am hopeful that our pono music players do ship out (and show up at our doorsteps) on time. i'm trying to stay positive and push away all the negative comments out there (and in here) the best i can. i'm usually a very negative thinking individual on an average day and don't need others making it any worse.
@doug adams. thanks for that info.  certainly will be going!
re calling cd's lossless:  the redbook cd standard specifies that cds be recorded in linear pcm at 16 bit /44.1khz. assuming that the original music, from which the cd is recorded, was actually recorded at 24 bit/96khz then in order to fit it  into the space available on the cd, it must be downsampled - which means reducing the quantity of original music stored. one can not get back what one has discarded, so the format is in the vast majority of cases lossy. whether one can in fact hear anything above and beyond the 16 bit /44.1 khz standard is as we know a matter of debate, debate which often engenders all the heat of a religious or political spat. when i copy a cd, i can copy in lossy compressed format e.g. mp3, wma. aac or lossless format compressed or uncompressed e.g. flac, aiff, wav. the former (lossy) means that i have lost information in what i have stored; the latter means that i have lost nothing: simply squeezed the information - like a sponge,
there is a spinal cord injury research benefit sept 12 in denver colorado. the workers are all volunteers. there will be a live concert.  ayre & pono music are backers. there will be pono players to demo and one january pono music player will be given away, along with a signed certificate by neil young.. tickets are still available. to read the original announcement go to audiasylum dotcom>general. wish i could attend. a worthy cause. long live pono!
hey john. i just saw your name up, so i'll reply to you. i pledge for a pono le, and  ps audio sprout. i just read  update from ps audio, saying they'll have a 60 day delay in shipping. scott of ps audio said it's because of delay from dac supplier. scott said he doesn't want to sub dac, and have inferior sound quality. hence the two month delay. i'm glad ps audio aren't sacrificing quality. this long delay is a real bummer.       lets hope pono has no delays. take care john.
i will never pay money to some kind of music subscription service/corporation. i plan on being the last of a dying breed...an owner of music. i don't even listen to the radio very much these days (except for an hour of bob and tom with chick mcgee and kristi lee on my commute to work in the morning). i buy music, and i play it when and where i want. i play music in my car, on my simple gpx music player, on various jam-boxes, and on the home stereo. i have already paid for my music (and will continue to do so with each new release). why would i want to pay some dill-wad who started a "streaming service" money to play the same stuff i've already paid for!?!
doug adams bob is a fairly well respected (if controversial) music commentator (and ex music biz lawyer) who is quite open about criticizing the industry for its weaknesses such as missing the tech bandwagon and reliance on cd sales. what makes him different from other commentators (apart from his industry experience) is he is an absolute music lover. he is not a believer in pono, he believes the days of ownership (be it physical by way of cd or theoretical by way of files) is obsolete, that streaming/subscription will dominate the future of music and yes, he is calling cd quality lossless (which seems to be the accepted position, even though purists know it isn't)
@kevin, i seriously doubt that.
does anyone know if i can change artist series players this late in the game?
i got an email from warby parker.
@tmh, interesting email. no idea who this guy is. is he calling cd quality lossless? or is this streaming higher than cd quality? looks like a competitor to qobuz. listening to u2  where the streets have no name.
from bob lefsetz's latest email ""are you willing to pay twice as much to stream in lossless? late last night doing my back exercises i decided to compare streaming services. spotify is my default, i recreated a playlist in beats music and then i did the same thing in wimp, and i was wowed. now let's be clear, getting lossless music from norway ain't that easy, there are streaming interruptions, which is why i decided to sync/download the tracks, and they were a revelation! i'm a big believer we get the music we deserve, that the reason compressed beat-driven music dominates is it's the only thing that sounds good on the listening devices we're employing. in other words, you're not gonna get a new james taylor if you've got to listen to compressed music on your phone via earbuds. but if you improved the quality of the sound would that not only make people take more care in the creation of sounds, but also branch out and put an effort into that which today is so often a second-class citizen? now i'm not talking 256kbps, never mind 320. lossless is equivalent to cd. and we can debate all day long the difference between analog and digital, whether vinyl is superior to cds, but the truth is despite being tactile, vinyl is not portable, unless you're at home it's a pain in the ass, and even there... you hear instruments you didn't know were there when you listen in lossless. they become rich, three-dimensional. are you willing to pay for this privilege? in other words, if you're refusing to pay for spotify premium, making a ton of excuses about the sound, are you willing to pay double for wimp? despite so few investing in pono, despite you trumpeting it as the solution, it's really not, because files are already dead, we live in the land of streaming, get over it. and when one entity pushes the ball forward, it forces all competitors to follow in their footsteps, because so much in tech is a commodity, and if you're substandard, you fail. so this is less about wimp and more about music in general. who knows what streaming service will survive, but if wimp lifts all boats sound-wise that's good for everybody. in other words, the techies are not our enemy, don't listen to the luddites and the wannabes who want to believe that music will only be healthy when we return to the days of yore, when you paid ten bucks for an album in a physical format and there was a middle class of acts, despite most music makers being unable to participate. remember that canard that napster meant no one would make any music, it would drive all players out? what a bunch of crap that was. our problem is too much music, even if something is good, oftentimes you cannot find it under the tsunami of product. boomers will remember buying behemoth stereos to get closer to the sound, bringing their friends over to see their jaws drop, seeing that maxell ad in every magazine. the song remains the same. quality sound is a revelation. once you've got wimp lossless, you want better headphones, you want to spread the word, all the while having a smile on your face. from musically daily bulletin: "wimp takes its high-def streaming service to us and uk as tidal scandinavian streaming music service wimp is launching in the us and uk, and sensibly, has come up with a new brand that has less connotations of weakness. the new service will be called tidal, and it launches in the autumn. the key selling point will be audio quality: 25m tracks at lossless quality, with 75,000 hd videos and editorial content thrown in too, like the wimp hifi service in scandinavia. this will come with a price to match: $19.99 / £19.99 a month for subscribers, who'll be able to access tidal through web browsers and ios / android apps. 'initially, streaming was all about access to everything, everywhere, which many services now provide. tidal is not just another one of those providers,' said ceo andy chen. 'rather than remaining in background to some other activity, music deserves to take center stage with quality at its heart.' the key question now is how tidal will be marketed. with established rivals already battling for telco deals, entering the us and uk with a splash may require some clever partnerships on tidal's part. link – http://www.tidalhifi.com/ ""
ob, multiple empty emails erroneously sent out is proof the salesforce.com software is buggy & not ready for ponotimeplayers to risk logging on... the zeal of the zealot is finical
@peter, copy slug: congratulations! your order has been placed. moonbase 1 placed an order. current order status is: order submitted.  order number : o-0000000209 long live pono !!!  o c t o b e r  s u r p r i s e
@peter, pono "order confirmation" multiple emails / the blanks are echo emails connected to the same shipping address / one of the emails here detailed all (looks like) of my pono le rewards / your pono pledge dollars salesforce.com software at work !!!
i received an email from bed bath & beyond.
i also received a blank email. strange!
http://grooveshark.com/#!/now_playing/how+could+we+not+believe/6swxb3
john, open and playhttp://grooveshark.com/#!/now_playing/how+could+we+not+believe/6swxb3
cool john. i love to see them in tour.
hey, siltech. i bought that ben and ellen harper album (on vinyl with included download card) right after it came out. i like it quite a bit. it would be pretty special if they went on an extensive tour to support it. i got to see ben harper and charlie musselwhite last year at the ryman in nashville. here are a few videos i recorded during the encore. http://youtu.be/9yyp2ltgub4… http://youtu.be/iapxjqkdde8… http://youtu.be/mrn823bwl2g… these links look extra long...they may include the playlist...i don't know...hope they work.
it shows on my account, generated on sept 06-2014.
i got a blank email
if you guys go over to the pono music website and check our accounts, you will see your pono orders under "my account." the blank email is an error or some kind, but it does indicate your kickstarter order has been generated.
my email was not blank. it stated my order has been received for the le player.
*i received a blank email (forgot the 'a')
yes. i received blank email, too! kickstarter, ponomusic team, any reason why this has happened?
i got a blank email from pono support at 4:11am. did anyone else get a blank email?
i'm just chilling and listening to ben & ellen harper. also, daydreaming what my pono might be.
well it looks like pono has done some good starting to see some real promising players hitting the market  sony has a zx1 model that is way to expensive and is more directed to video but the new a17 should take of like wildfire. hope to get one for xmas whole the pono will be nice on the shelf hooked up to the stereo the a17 looks to be a perfectly sized portable and has bluetooth for those folks who already have bluetooth headsets won't get the same audio but convenience you don't want a cord like cutting the lawn or riding a bike long live hi-rez http://bgr.com/2014/09/03/sony-walkman-hi-res-audio/
i found a used special edition dvd collector's set (2 discs) of escape from new york last weekend for $5. looking at it now, it looks like this version with commentaries came out in 2003.
@peter rustin, escape from new york is waaaaaay better! :)
hudsucker one of my favorites.
@peter, what's shaking ? besides joan rivers undertaker !
@jack a muncie girl!
@ob, you know ? http://m.youtube.com/watch… http://m.youtube.com/watch… for kids !!!
@jack, uh, what?
jack the ripper.
@ob, hudsucker ...
@everyone please check our latest update: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1003614822/ponomusic-where-your-soul-rediscovers-music/posts/975298
that's a great song, @doug. the circles shifted everything weirdly.
good pono update. running on schedule. bravo pono. don't let the dingbat reporters get you down. listening to alison krauss now that i've found you. remember seeing her in concert- amazing voice and band.
new pono update  # 43
we used to be a bunch of squares. now, we are a bunch of circles.
christmas, for me.
halloween, for me.
john does that mean pono's for easter
@tmh, good find on the article. glad to know i am "scientifically useless" and "statistically foolish" to want high res audio. where do they find these people? if we did a blind test between a stradivarius and a student grade violin would the strad be useless? bet it wouldn't be to a symphony violinist.
they are going to be delivered on time, damn it!
there was a post in the pono announcements group that mentioned we should see our orders populating later this week.
anyone else still having no orders showing on their account page on the pono website ? it scares me a little, i don't want to get any delay on my pono player...
http://gizmodo.com/sony-walkman-a17-a-hot-tiny-music-player-for-high-res-1630013928 sony tries again, and again a guy who probably listens to music through speakers next to his computer monitor disses hi-res
10-4      rick
the pono's are right on schedule to deliver in oct and dec from my understanding for the kick starter backers. there will be preordered ponos available in the first quarter of 2015 that anyone can order off their website. i hope that answers your question?
does anyone know how late the pono's will be any update?
@opt-out questions, businesses require strong favorable numbers to sell potential investors. positive numbers (growth) must be supported with factual data. pono's new numbers from the kickstarter fundraising campaign are viewed as active pono numbers & crunched & positioned to project the future sales of pono music. the kickstarter data positively supports pono music growth and it's speculative nature to continue to raise capitol investment (fundraising campaign) and this is a good thing. the opt-out we have requested from ponomusic.com if granted at this time (in the middle of fundraising) would certainly impact the ponomusic store (salesforce.com) statistics & possibly lower the future sales arc of pono projections. if i were in neil young's boots i would absolutely want the full impact of the kickstarter fundraising drive reflected as effectively as possible (the porting over of all our data to salesforce.com). neil, if this is the case ... to help pono music maximize as much capitol investment as quickly as possible now... to make pono a full tilt boogie success than... well i can accept the logic better than the silence from support@ponomusic.com. long live pono !!!
@david, tell support@ponomusic.com "contact me" link to the right of this page in the blue box your new address & request they change it (this is the only way to do this under opt-out at this time) support,has indicated they are working on the opt-out but that was weeks ago / they have missed the window they told us would open the opt-out (silence now)  should you want to update your shipping information via "salesforce.com client" you,must log on / activation of your "client" which can never be undone ... support can assist you there as well. never give them your phone number (the phone number information might be used to build a "suckers list" telemarketing nightmare ... good luck & should you encounter any problems ( open a ticket with kickstarter.com ) long wait pono !!!
i don't know how to go about changing my address for shipment of my pono music player.  i am moving to a different state.  if anyone knows, please advise. thank you.
sort - http://www.essenceelectrostatic.com/hi-res-audio-content-anyone-imagined/  - of
hi rez ! how ya doing ? http://www.essenceelectrostatic.com/blog/ long live - don't trend on me - smell the roses - the future is plastics - pono !!!
imagine the pono player design is finalized, and the factory is turning out finished product.   we are close to the launch of the first wave. exciting times. will you add a second pono player after your first arrives? maybe one as a portable and the other hooked to your home stereo? or a back up to your le? i can see a second as a present to dad. he will love the sound quality and the simple controls will be a plus. listening to poco "legend" on the sansa clip zip with sony xba-h1 iems.
so they have to raise a little under 4 million every month for 4 months.  i think they can do that.  playing the black keys thickfreakness.
pack this into a pono player mr young - reading to music by - http://www.blacklistedjournalist.com/index.html long live pono's peculiar evolutionary ascent into our lives !
seems that the position with qobuz is that it has placed itself under "la procédure de sauvegarde", it cannot do that if it is not solvent. it can trade normally during the duration of the procedure. it has cash flow issues and will look to restructure. so it is not dead yet.  they have just launched in 8 european countries. time will tell if they can restructure themselves and come out of the other side.
nope.
i hope so.
is this the last post
@doug adams no i would say qobuz suffered from poor managing and lack of people wanting it. kind of like beta max or better example being sirius and xm satellite radio they don't have enough customers to keep going even though they have a good product and howard stern. been on kickstarter a long time not just this one project. it's pretty much expected that projects get what they need if they didn't ask for enough to start with then the projects fail or get into trouble. sounds like pono is heading toward that direction. the player was pretty much a finished product 800000 should of been plenty problems with all the extra people they hired and the poor management of money is showing. hope they get enough money to keep this alive until the players are delivered hopefully better than the posters and t shirts have been delivered. i wonder if the shirts are those organic shirts he's peddling now. for me this project is for the player nothing more. i likely will never buy from the music store see no reason to.
worth a second look / omnifone.com & pono http://www.omnifone.com/content/omnifone-powers-neil-youngs-ponomusic isn't this a cellphone audio cloud streaming company ? http://www.omnifone.com/content/showcase what is neil sitting on ? long live pono discussion here on kickstarter
@jerry, i don't think pono got greedy. they had no idea how popular this idea was going to be. they probably played it safe with the $800,000. pick a first goal you can make. kickstarter means just that - a start. it isn't enough to run a business long term. pono had to get enough money to design and build the pono player, set up a downloading center, and pay the record labels for the music rights. no way $800,000 is enough to do all that. want proof? look at my earlier post about music streaming compny qobuz. they sell cd quality downloads, and have been doing it for a while. they didn't make their 3rd round of funding. they have 4 months to come up with 14 million dollars, or it is lights out. they didn't even try to build anything. those big record companies require big payments. based on qobuz, it looks like pono still doesn't have enough money for the long term. pono is working on it. i hope they come up with ways to allow people in other countries to invest. also hope they can devise a way for the common guy to invest. long live pono.
i tried to get on the crowdfunder bus and even qualified as an accredited investor.  sent it all in, they said 'thanks, and we'll get back to you' and then 2 days later they said it was open to us residents only.   so sad, too bad.
@jerry yes here is a comment section and my comment was directed at doug adams.  of course you probably read it therefore your comment and while i do understand your comment please realize there are other people who may want the info. the world is not fair sadly however we shouldn't all require babysitters if we would just suck some things up once in a while and move on.  not saying you have to, just saying. @travisstyle thank you.
@jerry, surreal, everything pono is on topic ! thanks, we should all want to remember these days with some hindsight and clarity. neil has gone from songwriter to check-writer / interesting transition.  http://www.crowdfundinsider.com/2014/08/48187-neil-youngs-pono-music-equity-crowdfunding-campaign-extended/ long live my pono player cuz it was manufactured so freaking great !!!
@surreal its not a community its a comment section about the kickstarter project to raise $800000. which it did. they only wanted $800,000 then greed took over here and at the croudfunder site. as i said most people unfortunately don't have the money to qualify as investors, likely could easily put up 5k but don't have enough to qualify,so posting that nonsense is like rubbing salt in to a wound. and as all they wanted was 800000 what are they doing with the rest of the money they are sucking up. just saying
@doug adams thank you. it's just more pono info. that some may want even though it might not be the kind of info. others want.  if it's supposed to be a community then take what you want from it but don't forget contributions are what helps to keep it going.  in general it's just a free exchange and you can choose to exchange or not at any given time.  so it's nice to have the freedom of speech but choose your words carefully as they are powerful...
@surreal,  found your post interesting- even though i did not invest through crowd funding. you let me see some of the inner workings. thanks. listening to aimee mann "lost in space". using the sansa fuze and the new xiaomi piston 2 iems. nice. wish it were december and my pono player was playing. every one in the us have a safe and enjoyable holiday weekend.
@jerry i'll post what i want thanks (as have you).  the reason for the post?  someone else requested it.
me ? i'm waiting for neil young to offer a signed, engraved with my name, pono player encased in a 24k gold triangular ayers faraday cage, diamond & ruby tuesday gem encrusted, crazy horse logo set in solid platinum with a high resolution file written & sung by mr neil young & dedicated to my unswerving loyalty & dedication to all things pono! so help me lord & taylor & neil will swear it will arrive on horseback & delivered by a jousting knight wearing a one of a kind solid silver armor atop the knight's steed (she called me a steed) an all white arabian stallion steed, carried by 13 cherubs flying ever so close as each cherub's tiny hand hold the long silk purple sash attached to a soft leather sewn, young deerskin pouch yielding the blue tiffany box & a cheeseburger with a side of fries ;-)
@surreal likely all 18220 backers would like to invest but, very few people can qualify for this crap so please don't post it here.
hi can you guys update us wrt the pono player production status with pictures? thanks
from crowdfunder: hi, we have two pieces of good news to share: 1. campaign extended: due to overwhelming interest in the ponomusic deal, we have extended the close date on the pono campaign to september 30, 2014. 2. special perks & experiences with neil: we’re pleased to announce that neil and his team have made some exciting products and experiences available only to qualified investors who complete their investment in the company (money wired). this means that you will need to complete the investment process on or before september 16th to meet this deadline of “money-in-the-bank” by september 30th. these perks will also be provided to those who have already completed their investments. here are the perks you’ll get from neil by completing your investment by 9/16: $5,000 investors: signed copy of neil’s new book (arrives nov.) $10,000 investors: ponoplayer with signed certificate from neil (your signed certificate will arrive in time for the december 2014 holidays and the ponoplayer will follow in q1 2015) $25,000+ investors: exclusive pono investor video call with neil (nov.) $75,000+ investors: 4 vip tickets and backstage access to the renowned bridge school benefit concert in october 2014 (info) if you would like a reward that requires that you up your investment, please simply email alex kagawa at alex@crowdfunder.com with the subject line: pono perks and let him know the amount you’ll be investing in total. to complete your investment, follow the steps below: confirm accredited status: follow the steps in the email notification you have received from verifyinvestor to confirm your accredited status. (required) sign & wire: once verified, follow the steps outlined in the email notification from eshares to sign your investment documents and wire your investment. (if you have already been verified, you may review ponomusic's operating agreement and subscription agreement at any time here. please let us know if you have any questions. yours in entrepreneurship, -the crowdfunder team p.s. we are having a pono conference call for those accredited investors interested in investing $25,000 or more on thursday, september 4th at 10:30am pacific. you will get a calendar invite for this shortly, please rsvp if you want to attend. --  the crowdfunder team i support@crowdfunder.com join your local crowdfundx connect on crowdfunder i twitter: @crowdfunder i facebook: crowdfunderus crowdfunder is not a registered broker-dealer. crowdfunder does not offer investment advice, advise on the raising of capital through securities offerings, receive compensation in connection with the purchase or sale of securities, or recommend or otherwise suggest that any investor make an investment in a particular company, or that any company offer securities to a particular investor. crowdfunder takes no part in the negotiation or execution of transactions for the purchase or sale of securities.
hope the arabic is true to the artists intent.  can't help it; it's the best film ever made. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@long live pono!!!, good to know about the tin foil. listening to savage garden.
@o' boogie, a little worried when ziggy seems more normal than life here. cueing the doors people are strange in wonderful 12" analog.
i didn't know that ! "it is very important for the shiny side of the aluminum foil to be showing when the hat is complete to make sure it is effective against alien rays or mind control signals. read more : http://www.ehow.com/how_2049858_make-tinfoil-hat.html wrong give pono $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
@doug, i'll back that. they are needed. especially here. :-/ nah, i'll just listen to ziggy stardust, too.
everything revolves around neil young !!! whatever you do - do not touch or drag your finger on the dark black field or you will disturb his worshippers orbits ;-) http://www.arachnoid.com/orbital_dynamics/index.html long live pluto
bose  o http://www.amazon.com/b/ref=xs_gb_l-1_0942_5485fa26…
@o' boogie, i am thinking about doing a kickstarter for tin foil hats. very special tin foil hats. nah, will just finish listening to david bowie  ziggy stardust on hi res sacd. it is friday.
people are smokin' something. i'll tell you that for sure. blimey.
@travisstyle  you are making an assumption that they care. all the talk about ethics that would be righteous. riotousness avoidance, seriously18000 plus lemmings wouldn't riot they will blindly follow.
@support@ponomusic.com / congratulations on  https://www.crowdfunder.com/pono-music/deal/ 7 million dollars is a nice months work :-) i have an idea ! why not hire a coder now to offer us kickstarter backers opt-out if we want ? kinda nasty to just go around collecting massive amounts of cash and not stopping a minute to listen to the very people who helped launch all of this for you !!! ya know (remember kickstarter?) ethics ponomusic.com / ethos & ethics neil / don't expect us to support the ponomusic store if you refuse to support us ? !!! just common sense / logic / riotousness avoidance protection - long live pono
got my t shirt & poster!  viva pono!
qobuz is broke. it is being reported that the european cd quality streaming company could not raise the next level of money. apparently it is similar to our chapter 11 in the us.  according to the story on audiostream, they have approx 3-4 months to raise around 14 million $. wow. kind of depressing.
qobuz is broke. it is being reported that the european cd quality streaming company could not raise the next level of money. apparently it is similar to our chapter 11 in the us.  according to the story on audiostream, they have approx 3-4 months to raise around 14 million $. wow. kind of depressing.
it's just life people !  http://m.youtube.com/watch… long live pono !
"where to begin" up and up and up i climb, when i came up i was so far behind, my head takes a lickin', but my heart keeps on tickin', just the same. always startin' over but somehow, i always know where to begin. round and round and round i ride, and just when i looked i hadn't even began, to feel the effect, a cool, dark fever, on the brain. that feelin' takin' over, like a holy rollercoaster, to the grave. how can i await the day? and last the night i'm here to see? how do i await the mother lode? it's the art of feeling naked in your clothes. again, again, again i tried, that's how i knew i would never be denied, that face in the mirror, who could it be? it was my own. that cool, dark figure, that's when i knew i was alone. on and on and on i drive, when will i know i have finally arrived? so far i've gone, so far to go, it never ends. always starting over but somehow i always know where to begin, always starting over but somehow i always know where to begin, always starting over but somehow i always know where to begin. my morning jacket http://youtu.be/v22lovhfmn4
or oregano.....
probably hay.
wow!    and all this time i thought this forum was about music.   what was i smokin'?
boogie not sure what your problem is i didn't bring up the divorce could care less if they are married or not seems comical that the righteous one is getting divorced after so many years. hope pegi takes him to cleaners. as far as my marriage say what you want my wife died. does that make you feel better.
@richheart, great suggestion, they are listening too ! @chikinhed, you rock just like a young neil ! @wc whoa ! @siltech, soap opera opera ! @gary, wise words ! long live pono !
about your marriage*
jerry, do you have some special insight into the marriage of neil and pegi? if not, you really need to pipe down.  would you like me to start theorizing and making assumptions your marriage?
what's nasty about pegi getting half of pono she deserves it
very sad news re neils marriage. found out at same time that robert plant is thinking of calling it a day as well. not the best of days.....we should remember that none of us know the circumstances re neil and pegi, so cant judge. none of us have a right to know either. good luck to both of them and their family in the future.
filed about the time neil jettisoned the ceo.  i still have a bad feeling about this.
be cool, and a+ o'boogie
no one put down neil. there was one poster who started referring to someone's dislike of rap as "nazism" and then used the word rapist, when i guess he meant rap-ist (as in against rap), and he started name-calling. it wasn't pretty. there's no need to get nasty about the neil's personal situation, jerry. that's just uncool.
so peg gets half of pono
@john shut down for talking bad about music what do you think would happen on a site ran by the music machine that is so funny. it's neil's way or else, did someone put one of his songs on a shred list?
thanks for the reward update jdc.   (rubs hands expectantly)
wasn't expecting that!
whoa!
canadian musician neil young has filed for divorce from his wife, pegi young, after 36 years of marriage. neil young, 68, submitted a dissolution of marriage petition in san mateo, calif. on july 29. a hearing is scheduled for dec. 12. pegi was the inspiration for a number of young's love songs, including "unknown legend" from his 1992 album "harvest moon." he met pegi while she was working at a california diner in 1974, and the two were married four years later.
just saw on our local tv news. neil young has filed for divorce, from his wife of thirty six years. i hope things work out for him and pono.
there was someone in that thread who was a particular offender, and i actually flagged a couple of his posts. it would have made more sense to me to delete those, but then no one asked me. the moderators said the administrators decided they would just delete the the whole thing. *shrug*
anyone else watch nbc hd broadcasts, and think like i do, that when complex things like confetti or flashing lights come on, it's like listening to 128 mp3 file?  yuk the compression in the video really is horrible. always has been on nbc.
hey international backers, i just received my poster and shirt today. really nice items. yours must be with you soon too if you haven't already got it!
must've been "disco"... it killed music again!
i guess our pono community got a bit rude to each other...or something like that. they had to shut down a particular thread about what music you feel should be "sent to the shredder". we got shut down! can you believe that!?!
@doug adams, it was nice in there. the whole store is only slightly bigger than the recording booth. :-) had a really great time. thanks!
what it's like when you grab a guitar & vomit what spirit has to sling out without thought, planing, writing and 0 practice...pure creative spirit making itself manifest!!!  love it, lol :) ponopie https://soundcloud.com/chiknhed/pono-pie
@douglas stewart, great idea about the hard drive playback. my oppo 105 does that and now i almost never use the computer that is also hooked to the oppo dac. whatever pono has in mind we won't be stuck with 128gb storage. great news. @o'boogie, i was afraid you got stuck making an album in jack white's booth. glad you are back and had a good vacation.
@doug adams @rich heart , i also asked about usb otg cable compatibility and pedram responded saying it would be looked into if enough interest.  being able to hook up a usb drive with 4tb (£120.00) in the home and not having to play around with cards makes me exited, out on the road doug's idea sounds just the ticket.
cool. good to be missed. i was on vacation most of last week and part of the week before, so i've been mia a bit.
cool
@siltech, i'm here. do not be alarmed. :-)
@richheart, can't wait to hear about it. wasn't looking forward to changing those little cards out all the time. drop one and it may never be seen again. ran into that with the sansa players. thanks.
@doug will do, and will post back in the forum.
@richheart, it was discussed on the main site. i posted an idea about designing a case with 5 microsd card slots that were interconnected with ribbon cable. basically a memory case. micrsd cards are so small and thin you would not know they were there, but 5 would give over .5 tb of storage. people loved the idea. others thought a small box could plug in to the microsd slot and hold more cards. basically buy and add storage as needed. there were a few similar ideas. it was a lively thread. finally a pono music employee posted that they were releasing something similar. they didn't say capacity or which idea. a few years ago alpine had a car changer that held music on multiple sd cards and played thru them like a cd changer. lexar makes a multi card reader for pro photographers that takes 4 cf cards and loads them into the computer in order utomatically..so it is possible. maybe you can find more info for us? i think pedram posted the response.
@doug what accessory? what capacity? as far as i understood, pono hope to increase the capacity of the cards from 64gb via firmware upgrades. this is a hope and not a commitment.
excited that there is going to be an accessory from pono, that allows more memory than a 128gb card. we won't have to leave so many albums off the play rotation. great news.
@o'boogie where are you?
@tjc, trust the force luke ! do not give you're real phone number to salesforce.com (the number below is the better choice) san francisco district attorney fraud hotline 415-553-9535 let the force be with you ! long live pono !!!
@tjc, be wise jedi - receive the pono ! then fight the dark side with stealth & your cunning ways to alter information now showing your rebel base ! you are the force ! trust the force ! long live pono !
@chikinhed  zuma will be my first download! cortez all the way the first song i will listen to!
big time
pono rocks!
now back from the gym!
obi wan kenobi yes the farce has a dark side neil = darth vader
now to the gym!
funny thing is there is a discrepancy in the comment count from my iphone ks app by +3, lol!  yet it still counts back to pono being the 13333 count :)  love 3"s
4's too :)
i love 3's :)
comment 13333 is officially pono!!! pono (uprightness) being in perfect  alignment and balance  with all things in life. relationships with others are just and fair,  untinged by anger, jealousy, resentment and any negative energy.
got it!
yeah
pono (uprightness) being in perfect  alignment and balance  with all things in life. relationships with others are just and fair,  untinged by anger, jealousy, resentment and any negative energy.
succeed
to
pono
want
i
we will see 6.5 million for sure!
6.3 million and counting!
obi wan kenobi ok i read it again is still says 1 you can get out of the community  2 you can not get out of the store of the two i would rather stay in the community it's full of pono puppets wanting to lick neil the store is for making money they will sell music to make money they will sell ponos to make money they will sell accessories to make money they will sell all your personal info to make money they would sell your mother if they could make money as jerry garcia said constantly choosing the lesser of two evils is still choosing evil.
.....but i feel the good in neil.  time to go stack rocks from my mind.
thanks for the info obi-wan.  i sense there is a disturbance in the force and that is salesforce.  i will travel to dagobah and meditate on this.  perhaps neil young is being persuaded by the dark side.....
@wc, trust the force luke ! absolutely no! you re safer avoiding salesforce.com if your current shipping address is the same as the address you entered on the pono music kickstarter survey. you are not required to long onto salesforce.com to receive any rewards you have pledged for here on kickstarter! pono music team ported over all of our kickstarter data to salesforce.com without our permission. logging in to salesforce.com affords access to ported data & forum. i believe the "dark side" of salesforce.com encouraged the pono music team to do this. to fully understand this maneuver on the part of salesforce.com would involve you having to mind-link with the salesforce.com darth vader (whoever it is) at salesforce.com. this was and is in itself a violation of the kickstarter rules. not to mention the "ethos" we all have come to believe neil young has represented here on kickstarter. all that will be addressed soon ( if neil has anything to do with it and he does as head of pono music ) so we are in a holding pattern now ... please read the pono music team response copied below the dotted line  trust in the force ! long live pono ! ------  creator the ponomusic team on august 13 a quick update on our progress with the decoupling of our store from the community: we've been working with the salesforce team to come up with an effective design to allow our users to opt in/out of the community but still be able to have full access to the store's capabilities. it looks as though we'll have a solution by the latter part of next week. once we are ready to make the switch, we will assume that anyone who has not yet logged into the community is choosing to opt out. we will turn off their community presence and at the same time auto-generate their order for their reward in the store. we will use pono's phone number for shipping purposes. they will get their reward whether or not they ever login to either the store or the community. for those who have already logged into and updated their community contact with their phone and shipping address, we will generate their orders according to the information they provided. we want you to know that we truly respect our backers feedback and privacy and are doing everything we can to address the issues raised by those who do not want to participate in the pono community. we apologize for any inconvenience and as always truly appreciate your support. - the ponomusic team
obi-wan, tjc, travistyle, does this mean that we have to register with the pono site in order to get our players?
@tjc, joe, "the force has a "dark side", which feeds off emotions such as anger, jealousy, fear, lust, and hate, but the jedi are only supposed to use the force for peaceful purposes."  the dark side waits for the weak to simply give up! never give up luke and never give into compromise ! trust the force / long live pono !
everybody look what's going down -   buffalo springfield.....paranoia strikes deep...into your heart it will creep.........
obi wan ken obi get real they have no concern for our personal information they already sold it to sales farce they write their own rules and in the end we will pay let the farce be with you
@travisstyle i got the same or similar response basically they said "we got our cut of the money and we don't care about you so go pound sand signed yancey "
@wc, trust in the force luke ! i believe travisstyle is simply pointing out legal beta debugging on this transition of the pono music team from kickstarter over to salesforce.com. something oracle wonks honestly need to address and pronto!!! in addition to the personal data questions & the ever present danger of competitors such as apple ( $500 hour lawyers paid to take this thing apart now ) we ( kickstarter backers ) should all point out each and every flaw we see in this here on the kickstarter backer comments. the pono music team must insure a tight squeaky clean above moral business ethics & ethos public image here and everywhere. unfortunately the salesforce.com rollout is suppressed & flawed to thwart the constructive message ie travisstyle has presented. so here we are & yes i trust the pono music team to send everything to each and every one of us as promised. we are in beta test mode until both the store & accessories are on-line. let pono hear your concerns here ! long live pono !
can someone put this sales force info in a nut shell?  ponos stealing our information??  will we still receive our pono le's through the kickstarter since we gave pono our address on here?
kickstarter support ticket opened ... request received: kickstarter's personal data theft / unauthorized use of my personal kickstarter account information sold to third party thanks for contacting kickstarter. we've received your request (#380286) and a member of our community support team will get back to you soon. our support hours are 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. et. our apologies for any inconvenience, but we're currently experiencing high volume and are working as fast as possible to get back to you. thank you for patience and please visit our faq and other help resources in the meantime: https://www.kickstarter.com/help https://www.kickstarter.com/help/handbook https://www.kickstarter.com/profile/backings https://www.kickstarter.com/trust info aug 22 17:21 pono music will not answer my request / refusal ! email sent via kickstarter support as suggested did nothing to remit pono music illegal collection of all of my kickstarter data - please help us !!! ----- ponomusic, my original kickstarter support made to pono music & mr neil young (well over $2,000) was made, pledged, given in support of the pono music project on kickstarter. i was happy to support your offering on kickstarter & did so exclusively within kickstarter under the kickstarter umbrella. my humble request to you sir, and after my very generous support to the success of your project i request you reconsider, is simply to "completely erase all data coupled to salesforce.com." my clear intention from the very beginning of the pono music kickstarter fundraising effort was, is in effect and solely supported by and representative of "kickstarter rules exclusively." please follow the kickstarter rules now pono music and honor my wishes as i honored your kickstarted campaign to completely decouple all of my data - personal and otherwise - from everything unrepresented as kickstarter data to collect funds in toto ! also please note any declaration made by pono music post kickstarter campaign are subject to the campaign timeline and as such will forever remain invalid & illegal. ☞ ☮ & aloha henry this email is a service from kickstarter. delivered by zendesk. message-id:tvsycwrh_53f7b45e86640_42b83ff3064b3320516418_sprut
@daniel i too will be looking forward to a ny&ch le!!  but will download driftin' back in oct!
@daniel  good on you!!!
guess what i got today! (does my avatar give it away?) thanks pono team! now the bigger wait....my ny&ch le.....christmas can't come fast enough!
i found it. also, thanks ian.
@siltech 24/192
@ian kendrick  i'm having trouble finding it. could you please post the resolution.
@tmh apologies, i did say i would leave it.  now i will. best i
@siltech, it is all on the pono forum under the groups for the les. pono has put all of the information it has there. @tmh, this is the quote from the article you url'd mike mettler: what’s your philosophy about hi-res recording? ryan ulyate: my philosophy is: people should be listening to nothing else. by far the most important thing with hi res is the fact that you get more bit depth. the difference between 16 bit and 24 bit is massive. it’s like 256 times more stuff there. the sampling rate, on the other hand, is less important. i’ve actually found that 96k is probably the sweet spot. i don’t think rock & roll is good at 192. there’s something about slicing it up that many times that, to me, softens up the midrange." so he says that he feels that 96 is the sweet spot. i agree, but he says that bit depth is the big thing. and it is tom's choice of albums. your original post could be read both ways about hypnotic eye in 96k as you say it has been released in hi res so why release it in 24/48.
siltech the resolutions are posted on the sidebar of the group page.
and i too will leave it alone after this post there is nothing in the article that i posted which said the album was recorded in 24/48, it said that ryan believes that 96 was the sweet spot. my original post was saying that if ryan (who petty clearly trusts given his long history) thinks 96 is the sweet spot why did petty not put two 96 albums out?  the article you quote is a different article, you are not comparing apples with apples i am a huge tom petty fan, have everything he has ever officially released (and a lot he hasn't) including all his hi-res stuff (and i am sure all the other 498 people who signed up for the tple have too) i have played hypnotic eye non stop in the week i have had it, but my frustration as to this issue is that he is doubling up on a hi-res release that has just been released (and in fact the hi-res re-issue of wildflowers will be released around the same time as the pono).  he has a vast catalogue of magnificent music that has not been released on hi-res, so why include ones that are already out there
@ian kendrick for ny&ch le, and ektin and psychedelic pono album selections. do you no the resolution from pono? thank you.
i am going to leave this alone after this post, i will just put what i put on the pono forum it also very clearly says that the album was recorded in 24/48. if you read the article ulyate (co-producer with tom petty) also states very clearly that the important thing for him is the bit rate and that 24 bit is the really significant thing. and it isn't a 'they' that are showcasing tom's work on the pono player, it is his choice of albums, that always was the deal with pono. we are hopeful that pono will receive a note from each of the artists on the les about why they chose their two albums for pono. that will hopefully include tom petty. i assume you are a fan of tom petty and that you would therefore respect his choices? and that the version of his two chosen albums are the best that are available.
a slight misquote as i was on the fly, but this article clearly states tom petty's producer ryan saying that 96 is the sweet spot, so why would they showcase tom's work on the pono with something less, as i am sure they have access to all the masters http://www.soundbard.com/soundbard/damn-the-two-channels-tom-petty-producer-ryan-ulyate-on-how-he-mixed-hypnotic-eye-in-hi-res-5-1/
only photons, smiles, joy & love :)
no ice falleth from above on thy noggin
today i will wear clothes.....not many but some!
and your assertion about hypnotic eye being released in 96/24, where did that come from? ryan ulyate says it was recorded in 24/48. and it is up to tom petty to decide which of his two albums he would like on the player. that was the deal with pono.
why would you be expecting previously unreleased material? i am not expecting unreleased material per se, i am expecting something that isn't otherwise available in hi res, ie not mojo, damn the torpedoes and hypnotic eye.  the tom petty fan committed enough to order an le would (in my view) already have those
@redwod, you are very welcome. we have had long discussions with pono about provenance and before we posted the news about the various albums on the le players, we talked of the versions that are not at 96k or above, to be clear that they are the best available. that was last night uk time, just before we started to post the le groups. pono told us that they have been told that they are the best available, either by the record company or sometimes by the artist themselves. even if they have been released before, often they have not sounded right - being mastered for other media, even when the master tapes were used, hence some of the re-issues over the years. pono represents the end of that chain we hope - what you will have is effectively the master tape on your pono. also we should remember that it is the artist that has chosen their two albums, we should respect that. unless anyone thinks they know better than the artist or has more right to make the choices for them? i am fortunate in that i will get a ny le and hear a letter home in 192/24. looking forward to that. i suspect the lp album cover for that is going in one of the frames that go on the walls alongside the stairs here. as they sound round here "if it ain't pono, it ain't pono".
@ ian k thanks for posting that article - far more informative, and clarifies the choices for recording resolution better than what i'd remembered of the other interview i'd read. (or my memory is getting 'soft in the mid-range'!)
@tmh really? are you actually sure? please say where your information comes from. don't appreciate the bad language here either. this from the article in the url... digital trends: did you record this album in 24-bit/96khz? ryan ulyate:  no. it was 24/48, because that’s native. we recorded the basic tracks at the clubhouse. they go through avid venue software, and that’s all set up for 48. http://www.digitaltrends.com/music/tom-pettys-producer-focuses-hd-mixing-laser-take-listeners-inside-heartbreakers-compelling-new-hypnotic-eye/#!bhziqw
@tmh i too saw the interview with tom petty's producer where he was talking about 96khz resolution - but actually the blu-ray release for hypnotic eye is 48khz. i didn't understand that.  i don't know why there is this disparity but that's a decision by tom petty and his record company - it has nothing to do with pono. ponomusic can only issue the highest resolution version that the artist/company approves and provides for release. i also don't understand your ire regarding the selection of wildflowers and hypnotic eye. the le offerings were described as including 2 albums selected by the artist as their favourites from their own released albums. why would you be expecting previously unreleased material?
they have just announced the tom petty le selection hypnotic eye and wildflowers well that fucking sucks tom petty's producer comes out and says the recently released hypnotic eye (in hi res already) is best in 96khz and you release it (i repeat, it has just been released in hi-res) in 48khz? what about something that hasnt been released?
@obi-wan appreciate the post and suggestion to "use the force". gonna wait a couple more weeks. should be twitchy by then. for now the anticipation builds.
@tjc, my request to pono music sent to support@ponomusic.com ---- ponomusic, my original kickstarter support made to pono music & mr neil young (well over $2,000) was made, pledged, given in support of the pono music project on kickstarter. i was happy to support your offering on kickstarter & did so exclusively within kickstarter under the kickstarter umbrella. my humble request to you sir, and after my very generous support to the success of your project i request you reconsider, is simply to "completely erase all data coupled to salesforce.com." my clear intention from the very beginning of the pono music kickstarter fundraising effort was, is in effect and solely supported by and representative of "kickstarter rules exclusively." please follow the kickstarter rules now pono music and honor my wishes as i honored your kickstarted campaign to completely decouple all of my data - personal and otherwise - from everything unrepresented as kickstarter data to collect funds in toto ! also please note any declaration made by pono music post kickstarter campaign are subject to the campaign timeline and as such will forever remain invalid & illegal. ----
@tjc, opt-out questions - don't look back ! copied from: https://ponomusic.force.com/ccrz__ccpage… "we may also email (or send via other methods) information regarding updates to the website or pono, and may send a newsletter, or other correspondence. you will have an opportunity to unsubscribe to any emails or mailings by clicking on an "unsubscribe" hyperlink contained in promotional emails we send you. even if you are removed from any such list, if you use the service, you will continue to receive email correspondence from pono related to the service. any opt-out by you is not deemed valid until processed by pono. it is your obligation to verify that you have been opted-out. pono shall not be liable for problems with the opt-out procedures."
pono is mp3 streaming ? when did this happen ? https://ponomusic.force.com long live pono
@chikihead...thanks really appreciate  that update. that's what i was expecting but the thank you note is a sweet touch. long live pono!
so the search feature still does not search over at the farce
@all who wait ... become someone !!! the ways of the jedi ... http://www.mandolincafe.com/forum/showthread.php… trust the force ! long live pono !
thanks all, finally got there and no tom petty announcements.  but at least i know where to look
under groups search "le" and they should pop up.
thanks joe and peter went there, cant find any announcement.  even if i do a text search on psychedelic pill or ektin i cant find those words.......... stupid salesforce
@tmh go to community, then groups.
thanks joe, i went there but could not find anywhere that showed where the le albums were listed
https://ponomusic.force.com
peter where are the pono boards?
they are announcing the le albums over on the pono boards...
just announced: nych le includes ektin and psychedelic pill.  congrats backers!
@daniel, use the force luke !!! tap into the "contact me" @creator - they should know where yo stuff has gone / or about to :-)
@daniel, got a black one xl & signed poster ! arrived in a giant toblerone "shape" box. have not opened the poster because i tend to archive historic memorabilia  (might be where the thank you note is) everything arrived safe n hra sound / why would a duck wear a yellow t-shirt ? maybe a chikinhed on ice would ... took the "yellow" jeep into wiamea yesterday / high road - then low road past neil's sprawling black lava estate buffer zone ( he's such a rock star!!!) then costco & home to kona i think the duck is molting :-)
just blew by the ks 6.25 million…6.257 million!!!  go pono go!
@daniel, i received a yellow pono t, a 36" x 24" carnegie signed poster, 2 pono stickers and a thank you note from neil.
marking the days for my pono player arrival. listening to b52s "planet claire".
@everything is just ducky! you lost me. totally! i thought the ts were yellow? are the signed posters not the carnegie hall concert posters? confused .... can i at least assume the ts are organic cotton?
thx @jdc. not panicking but worried i got missed. how's the new player sound? using 24bit flac files i assume?
ian anything about changing user name
ian  anything on the search function
from the sound and vision article" our humble scribe pre-ordered a tom petty model, and i’m hoping one of the pre-loaded albums i’ll get is damn the torpedoes. “i don’t know what tom picked as of yet,” hamm tells me, “but we were pushing him towards damn the torpedoes, obviously. damn.  they already have release in dtt in hi-rez, i was hoping for something that had not been released
6 million!!!  go pono…go neil!!!  lets hit 8!!!
sound and vision article on pono and neil young.  http://www.soundandvision.com/content/high-resolution-harvest sound and vision review on the pono device. http://www.soundandvision.com/content/pono-session
then i suggest you wait for the next announcement and if you are still not happy take it up with pono directly.
@ian kendrick  no the last update was that stuff about investing think again the comment they made in comment section only addressed that community thing not the store part of it. the store is where they will likely sell your info in fact i think they already have remember they are in it for the money. sell ponos makes money, sell music makes money sell personal info about buying habits and personal tastes makes lot of money that is what happens at the store. and as you are part if the community have you figured out how to search that mess for a keyword not in a topic, and have you figured out how to change the user names so it did not contain your personal email? i didn't think so
i think the whole privacy/opt out issue was addressed in the last update from pono. they are working in it. i assume we all got the update?
@tjc, i'd like to see the pono music team activate op-out as well ( kickstarter offers this https://www.kickstarter.com/friends  look under the pledge privacy heading. the opt-out option link is visible when logged into your kickstarter account.
@dan, yea... ah sorta? the poster and the t-shirt arrived here in hawaii usa with the mail last week. usps triangular package (shaped like a very big long pono le.) inside the toblerone shaped box was a white t-shirt and a big roll of white poster paper. oh yea the directions or instructions from the pono team explaining how,to tye-dye and all black shirt and how to "paint by numbers" it comes with a "what this should look like finished picture inside with the directions. there is also a plastic package of black dye & a big construction paper p o n o stencil in the box. i think you put the black dye into the washing machine with the t-shirt but it's kinda confusing how the lettering is stenciled on or when. the poster is definitely "paint by numbers"! neil really did sign my poster paper so wow !!! i've been working on mine for about a week now and it's looking pretty good :-) the t-shirt turned my shorts gray. you should have fun with the canadian kit ! long live pono !!!
@ dan - no i have not received the poster yet. looking forward to hopefully receiving it soon!? because the pono is a while away and i am so impatient i went out and bought an ibasso just to get a feel of high res digital music too. pretty impressed.
@jason emery kickstarter is just like any other buisness they should have a privacy policy that they should enforce. if you want your information lose over the internet that is fine with you. i don't. you would think that neil young would understand privacy.
@tjc if you're not willing to journey with a project outside of kickstarter, you shouldn't be using it in the first place.
quack quack.
@eijducky  cluck, cluck :)
have any of my fellow canadian backers received their posters and t's yet? just wondering as i have not received anything.  how about other international customers? please post if you have. being patient but also curious as to the timeline or receiving my rewards.
@chikinhed, reboot yo rooster dude ! time 2 change the act :-) thanks for the invite but (too many rules fo da fools) "chikin kinda long in the tooth now / it's all good :-) long live pono !!!
@eijducky pono pie, pono pie  i'm so happy i could cry  slap my back and keep me rez a high  have another slice of da pono pie cuz its fo real it aint no lie not mp3 or ice in your eye it's hi res it's pure luv soars like an eagle yet soft like a dove get in while you can be loved by the pono man order now, don't chikn out chikn in chikn in this aint no lo res spin
@eijducky bravo bravo!!! a great big cluck cluck & quack quack too!!!   please share the love/creativity over on the pono store community kitchen floor :) the world of pono needs light…ness!
strangulation - by my morning jacket "strangulation, i don't wanna feel a thing when your hands close tight around my neck and force the air that i breathe i don't wanna feel a thing i don't wanna feel a thing yes, she was a young girl, 'bout the age of 23 but somehow the lord never smiled down upon her so she flew out on a breeze said, i don't wanna feel a thing i don't wanna feel a thing i'm sure he was a good kid but his phone it'd never ring he got tired of walkin' a tightrope needin' too much to drink, so he got on a knee i don't wanna feel a thing i know there's someone that loves up above wants to fix you a dream wanna sit down and think wanna pour you a drink you won't feel a thing, you won't feel a thing you won't feel a thing" http://youtu.be/zs4mbe12rbq http://youtu.be/fnkmfczmetg
@chikinhed, sung in the key of b... pono pie, pono pie  is a tru dat and a wonder why mr neil young done kissed the sky  have another slice of pono pie. pono pie, pono pie  folks a hunkering down to give it a try and ah just ah staying here till that day arrive mr neil young done caught my eye chorus... there are times that ya know  da old itunes gotta go make way for da dat  cus 5 % ain't nothing but a shat so plug me in and set me free long live pono just for me keep me out of that old apple tree mr neil young done set me free pono pie, pono pie i'm so  happy i could cry slap my back and keep me rez a high have another slice of da pono pie (feel free to add your own verses) long live pono !!!
@eijducky, it's goondebar!  sunshine & pono pie!  fed folks at work and they liked it good...enough!  did a little survey and it scored an average of 7 on a scale from 1 to 10, 10 being the best pie they ever ate.  1 being the pucker.  i'll take a 7 all day long, considering, i do not consider myself a great baker, lol.  it was fun and 7 or not...they ate it all up!   nothin but pono  ;)
@chikinhed, typical day here in paradise. landlord blew the rent & security deposits on weed & wonder what the hell this little red pill does ! county cut off the water so we are showering at the beach / solar showers / don't ask about the other things water is good for ... not sure when the power will go off... landlord isn't saying but his eye liner is perfect ! possible beach shack rental on the craig's so off to eat pokie fetch h20 for the old expresso machine (morning ritual) the three dogs thinks this is a marvelous place all of a sudden (lots n lots of air freshener christmas have sprung up in the one time bathroom) the green geckos are very pleased with this mornings papaya selection as are the birds and the flys and the ants (tiny but powerful red bitting dots of foreboding crawling travelers) hows by you?
@eijducky!  how's it goin cuz :)
they hit 6 million by tomorrow evening!
@o'boogie, http://oboogieandfireman.com so where is you're fireman ?  http://m.youtube.com/watch…
@brian, that's me! ;-)
@o'b, first ever master pono! :-)
@siltech, http://brucecockburn.com long live pono :-)
@siltech, you lucky monkey! i love bruce. been listening to small source of comfort.
@siltech, would love to hear bruce live. glad you enjoyed the concert. doesn't surprise me that it had great sound. his records always sound good to me.
i saw bruce cockburn last night, live in toronto. the sound quality was great.  long live pono
@longlp  i really think that we could be seeing 8's by the end of the campaign...wow!
@chikinhed still climbing / $5,155,700.00 pono spins hra into gold !!! https://www.crowdfunder.com/pono-music/deal/
4.4 million and climbing!!!  go pono go :)
tgif. weekend can't come soon enough. listening to karla bonoff "some one to lay down beside me".
@dana, lolololololololololololol !!! ;)
sorry for double
@dana everything might be translated to french. i hope we still get pono in the mail.
ah....i see @rick canedo was the person who responded to one of my posts with "you're always such a breath of fresh air". i sure hope he doesn't make any decisions for pono music.
@dana everything might be translated to french. hope the pono still comes.
whoooooooooeeeeeeee. i hadn't looked at the comments for awhile (silly me, when i was told that everything would be on the pono forum).  @creator....you really should have taken kickstarter more seriously from the start. with millions and millions of dollars you should be able to do these things right. i sure hope we don't find out that everything played on the pono player is translated to latin. who exactly is rick canedo and how does he fit in here?
@creator, ian thank you for rescuing my deleted / overwritten le pono players !!!
@chinkinhed, creative ... ruckus wrangler ;-)
all, progress :-) the ponomusic team says: hi to the fly !!! we have you marked down for all 6 pledges. sincere apologies for the trouble you're encountering on your end. we will internally change the address on all of your accounts. please contact us at support@ponomusic.com if you need us to reset any of your email addresses. all the best,  alex ---- multiple pono donor problem updating shipping information / deleting / overwriting information - should you encounter this problem or believe you are at risk - contact support@ponomusic.com let them breathe / long live pono !!!
@o'boogie what are you listening to to now?
@neil young  you don't understand i want no part of the community or the store for any of the pledges i made just remove all of the information. i do not want my username being my email address for any of the pono's i have backed. down the road if it looks like you will have something in the store that i want i will sign up. i currently have all of your albums and can not afford to buy them again, and i am sure you are not going top give me free upgrades. on the account i did log in the name reads tjc lastname no packages will be accepted at my address with that name on it. just send all of them out via kickstarters normal methods. thanks long live pono and all that other stuff creator the ponomusic team about 10 hours ago a quick update on our progress with the decoupling of our store from the community: we've been working with the salesforce team to come up with an effective design to allow our users to opt in/out of the community but still be able to have full access to the store's capabilities. it looks as though we'll have a solution by the latter part of next week. once we are ready to make the switch, we will assume that anyone who has not yet logged into the community is choosing to opt out. we will turn off their community presence and at the same time auto-generate their order for their reward in the store. we will use pono's phone number for shipping purposes. they will get their reward whether or not they ever login to either the store or the community. for those who have already logged into and updated their community contact with their phone and shipping address, we will generate their orders according to the information they provided. we want you to know that we truly respect our backers feedback and privacy and are doing everything we can to address the issues raised by those who do not want to participate in the pono community. we apologize for any inconvenience and as always truly appreciate your support. - the ponomusic team
glad to see the "ruckus" has apparently settled. now we can hopefully get back to why we're here...the music. great video of the listening party, wish i had been there. i've been thoroughly enjoying ec and friends new album for jj cale it gets better with every spin, pono worthy.
@creator -nice work.
i'm listening to joni, van, the unwinding hours ... an excellent playlist.
good job @creator, and the rest of the hard working pono staff. talk about hard work, look at the time @creator posted this message. zowie, that is some long hours.thanks again pono. i never had any doubt. now we can get back to saving music. that is the true goal. listening to juice newton queen of hearts.
thanks, @creator. i don't know why a ruckus was created in the first place, but it is nice of you to come up with a solution for it.
@fly yes humans have let me work with them my whole life...and pay me money too!  never had a problem with work...if you can call it that!  to me it's only work if you do not like what you are doing....and i love what i do :)  and you?
thank you @ian and thank you @creator  never had any doubts about pono and it's (neil's) intentions.  great start.  it's not the mistakes, missteps, misconceptions or errors that matter it's how they are handled.  and i give the pono team a thumbs up on listening to and addressing backer & supporter concerns.
hope that settles things down on that front...
a quick update on our progress with the decoupling of our store from the community: we've been working with the salesforce team to come up with an effective design to allow our users to opt in/out of the community but still be able to have full access to the store's capabilities. it looks as though we'll have a solution by the latter part of next week. once we are ready to make the switch, we will assume that anyone who has not yet logged into the community is choosing to opt out. we will turn off their community presence and at the same time auto-generate their order for their reward in the store. we will use pono's phone number for shipping purposes. they will get their reward whether or not they ever login to either the store or the community. for those who have already logged into and updated their community contact with their phone and shipping address, we will generate their orders according to the information they provided. we want you to know that we truly respect our backers feedback and privacy and are doing everything we can to address the issues raised by those who do not want to participate in the pono community. we apologize for any inconvenience and as always truly appreciate your support. - the ponomusic team
@chikinhed, people actually let you work with them ? ;-) about to turn into the fly !!! long live pono
the video and testimonials remind me of a silver print i have called "the temptress".  dec. can't come soon enough!
thanks pono
dear pono supporters, we've posted a video the august 1st listening event on the pono website: http://www.ponomusic.com/#testimonials we hope you like it.
yes correct,  5k and must be accredited investor. accredited investors accredited investors under the securities act of 1933, a company that offers or sells its securities must register the securities with the sec or find an exemption from the registration requirements. the act provides companies with a number of exemptions. for some of the exemptions, such as rules 505 and 506 of regulation d, a company may sell its securities to what are known as "accredited investors." the federal securities laws define the term accredited investor in rule 501 of regulation d as: a bank, insurance company, registered investment company, business development company, or small business investment company; an employee benefit plan, within the meaning of the employee retirement income security act, if a bank, insurance company, or registered investment adviser makes the investment decisions, or if the plan has total assets in excess of $5 million; a charitable organization, corporation, or partnership with assets exceeding $5 million; a director, executive officer, or general partner of the company selling the securities; a business in which all the equity owners are accredited investors; a natural person who has individual net worth, or joint net worth with the person’s spouse, that exceeds $1 million at the time of the purchase, excluding the value of the primary residence of such person; a natural person with income exceeding $200,000 in each of the two most recent years or joint income with a spouse exceeding $300,000 for those years and a reasonable expectation of the same income level in the current year; or a trust with assets in excess of $5 million, not formed to acquire the securities offered, whose purchases a sophisticated person makes. for more information about the sec’s registration requirements and common exemptions, read our brochure, q&a: small business & the sec.
@siltech at this point anybody can (natural person)  but you have to have an individual net worth, or joint net worth with the person’s spouse, that exceeds $1 million at the time of the purchase, excluding the value of the primary residence of such person; or, be a natural person with income exceeding $200,000 in each of the two most recent years or joint income with a spouse exceeding $300,000 for those years and a reasonable expectation of the same income level in the current year; or
@siltech @chikinhed thank you guys for the fast answers!
@ilan i think any pono backer can be a investor. all you have to do is pay in us $, and min 5k.
@floater i got my poster too!!!  i am going to design a frame this weekend, and make a pono pie or 2!  try it out on the folks at work.
@ilan what you will get as a backer is not the same numbered certificate as the pre orders.  you will get a printed thank you card from neil.  as far as investors go, the minimum is 5k and you must be an accredited investor. http://www.sec.gov/answers/accred.htm
pono pie :) 13201
hi boys and girls. two questions: pono backers will get the certificatres that neil signed on for the pre order pono's?  and do i have to live in the us to be an investor?  thank you for reading :)
@all, chikinhed soup opera :-) my apologies to the original backers posting / reading here / yes my posts were heated / speculative / plentiful / of course i know this & that was the point "squeaky wheel" hard entry / the results are mixed at best considering ian has responded for @creator ... ian hinted there are "other scenarios" at work here - requested a pause on the fervor ( apologies for ranting ) the result from my perspective has been balanced and professional ( it discussion ) nice to see this page return to a level we have all come to respect & support ( again, @creator is still silent so "yes let them breathe" ) however all of this unfolds, whatever the arrival date of my ponos, i got a t-shirt & poster so far ;-) i still believe ( please do not make any sudden moves without our input / permission pono music team ) let them breathe / long live pono !
@chikinhed lately,  this forum has become like a soap opera.
@jdc pono is trying to raise more money. they are seeking minimum investments of $5000.00. they are asking backers for these investments, for partial ownership of pono. i don't no about you, but this makes me nervous. also, this makes me nervous, for receiving my pono player. thanks man.
they have achieved over 106% crowd funding no problem!
@jdc
getting thanks on the website seems at risk siltech.
is receiving our pono player at risk? ( thanks )
is this equity crowdfunding investment, high risk?
update #42 aug 13 2014 you backed us, now you can invest 9 comments like  11 likes dear music lovers, you backed ponomusic via kickstarter, and now we’d like to give you the opportunity to actually own a piece of the company if you want to through equity crowdfunding. from now through august 30, 2014, you can invest as little as $5,000 and receive equity ownership in ponomusic alongside neil and other music industry legends. we realize that this may not be of interest to many, but just wanted to tell those of you who might be interested about the opportunity that exists. with your help, we broke new ground with our hugely successful kickstarter campaign. as a result, you will soon be able to hear and feel music the way the artists did when they created it. now, we’re breaking new ground again by working exclusively with crowdfunder.com to give interested members of our community the opportunity to invest and become owners of ponomusic. if you are an accredited investor* and are interested in learning more, check out our fundraising campaign at crowdfunder.com. thanks for listening, -neil young and the ponomusic team
@rick i concur, when its talked out people get a chance to see and understand points they may not have considered. i look forward to you posting over at the community too, it makes sense not to get to heated in public forums much better to take the stance you have with thinking it out and providing your points and thoughts, its a pleasure.
@douglas, thanks for your well thought out counterpoints. it makes it a pleasure to discuss issues like this, with someone  handles themselves well, backed by information.  i agree with you that had they had some sort of disclaimer and an opt out, this would have been a non issue.  i can appreciate those who are not ok with sharing their information after they thought they already provided what was needed for their backing/order.
so it looks like the pono money got to kick starter now they give a different answer i guess the little people suffer that's righteous alright kickstarter support (kickstarter)  aug 13 13:07  hi tjc, megan here with kickstarter support, thanks for writing in. i apologize for any inconvenience, however this is something you will need to work out with the project creator. feel free to use the “contact me” link in the creator’s bio section to address any concerns you have regarding the visibility of your name. all the best, megan tjc  aug 11 19:55  everyone: open your ticket here ( https://www.kickstarter.com/contact… ) to request kickstarter administration to resolve any issues with your original pono music survey. pono music team must offer opt-out of the salesforce.com data collection / phone numbers / names / addresses / all personal data must be deleted from salesforce.com under opt-out choice. this email is a service from kickstarter. delivered by zendesk.
hi @rick what it really comes down too is that the data is not required at the new store in anyway shape or form to receive your kickstarter reward. the device or t-shirt or whatever you pledged for is yours to do with what you will. that and the onus is not on the individual to underwrite and manage this, it was really up-to the team to say, * please understand there is no requirement for you to fill out any more forms or repeat information given during the kickstarter campaign to allow you to receive your reward. we will be transferring contact details to our own systems in due course, however if you would rather we didn't use that information from the kickstarter campaign then please tick [here]. rest assured your reward will still arrive if all details within kickstarter are correct as requested previously. what is it they say about hindsight? or maybe its assume! to assume makes an ass out of u & me. anyway i'm cool with it but we have to understand, some are not.
@douglas  i can see the issue that some folks have with regard to the transfer of their data, but it wasn't like the updates didn't warn them of the plan ahead of time.  the issue should have been raised at that point, if people were worried about the data being transferred.
@douglas  i agree, the sales force is probably not the best choice for the forum, as it doesn't provide all the tools that users are used to in a forum, let alone the visual aspect of it, but it does have a semblance of one.  this part of the system, is probably more thought of as an add on, and perk more than anything.  the most important part, is the store, the music and the device.  with the music being handled by omniphone, the device built bye ayre, and the music by the artists, maybe its me, but i guess i kind of agree that based on what was offered here at kickstarter, the forum offered certainly is more than what we have here, but not what most were hoping.   as far as what user, the descriptions sure don't lend themselves to differentiate between the users descriptions very well at all lol!
@rick canedo : i too am in the it business and although your analogy is spot on i would shed some thought as to how the data has been moved and to exactly what sf1 structure it is under. having your hardware purchases (pono players) on the sf1 account which then links your music purchases and accessories etc to that account giving you access to your purchase history and the ability to go grab your music again if you wipe the player or it has to go in for a repair is all good. what some folk seem to be referring too is that they never asked for that transfer of data maybe because they never have any intention of purchasing music or accessories from the store ever! as is there choice never-mind whether you, i or the wee man on the moon think that's mad. so they do probably have to offer the opt out somehow and they probably will!  as has been said before all the info they require to deliver your reward for pledging is in kickstarter absolutely no requirement for it to be elsewhere. i will be buying from the store so i'm ok with it. what i think was an oversight even if it was with good intention was for salesforce to not say look guys the closest thing we have to a community ain't really going to be what most people expect and we have never ran a forum for the expected/actual amount of users you may/will get so lets leave that part out of the process. we can look at linking the community forum down the line. and i have read the book and understand salesforce for the store and the ecom, it was a given but they never in a month of sundays should have been ok with the community being on it. salesforce will have to write so much code changes to make it look anything like a forum and their going to do that for one customer currently using the free chatter. what user type  do you think we have, cspliteportal:? customersuccess? cspliteportal?or maybe csnonly:? i like the csnonly but only because it reminds me of csny lol! see here for more https://www.salesforce.com/us/developer/docs/api/content/sforce_api_objects_profile.htm
@rick great analogy!  and i am with you on neil looking to those he knows well.  he is no rookie and has been burned  before.  this is not a passing thing for him, this is a core mission…bringing the soul back into the music!
and fyi, if you read neil's book, you will know the founder of sales force is his dear friend and neighbor in hawaii.  he probably felt more comfortable working with a friend with knowledge about the cloud than having a stranger in charge of his company's data.
@travis@floater  being in the it business, i guess maybe i understand this move a little better than most?  i'll equate the move with kickstarter being a strip mall store, and the salesforce infrastructure as a warehouse.  pono felt to do what they need to do, they needed to move the store to a bigger "building"  all they are doing is moving information (customer data) from one database located in the cloud, to a larger database, one that can be controlled better by them.  salesforce is basically a large database storage company on the cloud, that has tools to allow what they want to do with pono as a company.  just because you move from one place to another, does not mean you've sold your information to the person who owns the building. i hope that sheds some light and eases your worry a bit. sorry if i came across as un pono with my response, but reading post after post of the same thing, and it being a difficult to follow list of words, i lashed out a bit.  my apologies.
@douglas what are the terms?
@travis yes and more!!!  one of my faves is eckhart tolle :)  love his books the power of now & a new earth http://www.salesforce.com/dreamforce/df14/keynotes.jsp
that's pono crowdfunder up and away 5 days in! equity goal 2.5 million $ and it at $1.4 already. minimum $5k investment
@chikinhed, ahhhh hillary clinton & al ? rick, unpono is sitting on your ars heckling someone with the ballz to fight for our rights ! thanks floater ! let them breathe !!!
@chikinhed, ricky :-) paranoia self destroia - when salesforce.suckitup deleted on of my le pono - i've got a kenny rogers  dude :-) & after asking @creator repeatedly - no response - "squeaky wheels went on over drive - ian has requested "let them breathe" & indicated the data was still under pono control & indicated opt-out is in discussions (removal of bugs now in progress & secured for all pono donors) yes let them breathe ! long live pono ;-)
“marc’s energy and dedication remind me of the people in my world,” says his close friend neil young, the nonpareil musician (and sometimes technologist) whom he met as a neighbor in hawaii. “that’s what great artists have in common. it’s about intensity. he has a rock-and-roll attitude — he’s a throwback in his willingness to have fun.” http://fortune.com/2012/01/19/salesforces-happy-workforce/
@floater. trying to read your posts is like being inside a mind bouncing all over the place. maybe your from a different country and it's an english language transition problem, but it gives insight as to why your so paranoid. put your aluminum foil helmet back on that protects your mind from being read by the government and continue your research into conspiracy theories.....your very unpono....
@floater "if you change the way you look at things the things you look at change!  so what if salesforce winds up being a trojan horse that we can use to influence, and by using the platform, the word of pono and hi res permeates many other companies, influential people and communities currently using salesforce!!!  neil will be attending a salesforce event i believe.  i want him to be successful there!!!  even hillary clinton & vp gore are going to be there.  a long time ago, people thought poop was useless, until they started growing tomatoes in it.  i'm not suggesting you start a garden..just saying.
@floater i love your drive, your enthusiasm and will, i just wish it were in the direction that neil and the ones he empowered are pulling in!  the great city of ponopolis needs voices like yours!
@floater...phew glad you are not selling your pono players!  salesforce doesn't have to be vomit, make it work for you.  be the rain.  uncle neil wants you!
@chikinhed, you really think after all that is going on here - any of my le players will ever leave my estate ? the fight is with salesforce.vomit deleting my hard earned dearly loved fantastic wonderful delightful funny kinda coy now and then gleaming new some a bit transparent first of the run neil young god of rock !!! you really think izs gonna do dat ? silly chikinhed ;-)
@floater if you don't get to opt out, you can join the community and sell your players to the members, i am sure they will move, if not then e-bay!
@ian, the pono music team was contacted by myself three times (no response) kickstarter administration has confirmed our rewards are sent from here via surveys - not third party (pono broke the kickstarter rules) & my kicker here which details the dilemma with the 6 le pono players under 6 different email addresses with 6 different aliases donated to pono music by me when updating my true name on salesforce.com  as requested by updates from the pono music team (deleted one of the le players) from the salesforce account! going back over the pono music updates (without any assistance from the pono music team) it was discovered: the deleted accounted had an original email & link which reinstated the deleted account - still no response from the pono music team - my question ian after attempting to use this system is how can this system be trusted to update shipping information when adding the proper name to any donated accounts deletes another account? the system can not be trusted ! the system deletes / over writes the information in favor of the two proper names reflected on two different email addresses (now please tell me how to fix it?) ok i'll tell you ! go back to the original surveys (multiple donations from the same donor) here on kickstarter to sort this thing out (easier than coding all new software) ian - do you now understand why i want to opt-out ? long live pono !!!
yes the forum or whatever folks want to label it, the gathering, the great city of ponopolis is thriving there are all sorts there...just like the real world!!!  i think that the moderators are doing a fine job.  herding cats can be difficult, lol!  do offense, there are dogs there as well, i would be in the dog category, if i weren't a chiknhed, lol.  i am not worried about my information being miss used.  i have not received any crazy emails or virus.  it will all play out, and it will do so in hi res!!!
my post says that they are working on right now. give them a chance to fix it. pono were swamped with a demand that way outstripped their initial expectations. they are hard working decent folk imo, doing their best to get things sorted. maybe trust them to do that and give them some space? i don't know about you,but i trust neil and he is at the helm. let them breathe...
@ ian, i think the problem is that they did not think about giving opt outs ahead of time. with data privacy a big issue currently, i myself would like to be able to control where and when i am signed up for accounts etc. to make matters worse, they published your names and do not have even have a setting that makes you invisible to the whole community as your last name will show. pono screwed up and that is it and they need to create a fix.
all of your possible scenarios are negative. there are others. we have spoken with pono about this and they have advised us that we can tell you that the situation is that they are looking at providing those who do not wish to share their data to be able to still be part of the new community, get their players shipped and so on. this will take a little time to organise and get right. nothing will ship for a few months yet, so there is still plenty of time to get this done to everyone's satisfaction. please be patient, the pono team are still working flat out, as they have since day one. we will be talking with them again tomorrow and i will see if there is any further update. there will be over 10,000 players to ship. pono needs a robust way of dealing with such volumes and the more that are yet to come. i do not want to enter into dialogue about this, just to impart some information. the new forum is going well, has its teething troubles as it would whatever it was based upon, but some of the many groups there now have hundreds of members and lots of information is being shared. as has been pointed out, you have the option, as everyone has, to contact pono directly if you are unhappy with the situation. cheers ian k
@all, since the pono music team has not responded to messages addressing the deletion of personal accounts on salesforce.com - there has to be a very good reason. which of these scenarios applies: 1) pono music team no longer controls our data ?  2) all pono players will ship - unloaded - blank - it will be our responsibility to download the le pono players "free albums" from these accounts. 3) they are hiding something please comment pono music team. why no opt-out? long live pono
@ floater all your comments are so unpono. @chikinhed right on ! i've already got my party invite list sorted. we are the new pono sales team !
@sean, i got the same message / until now i thought pono music team responded to me directly answering my question poorly / now you have confirmed pono music team is sending a standard reply to anyone who objects to this / thanks sean long live pono
@floater, i am just glad i am not the only one that is irritated by this. i contacted pono and they just gave me the line you can change the name but it could affect shipping, which i never understood as they already had my shipping info
@ben-jamin, cool name :-) to keep it in perspective / pono sold your personal-information too / this isn't self anything it is "all of us in the very same boat" long live pono
to think i just swung by to say how excited i was about my coming pono and music this october and instead i have to wade through all this self righteous winging. oh well, i'm still excited about my yellow pono and the floydian music due this oct :)
@jamie, i like it. thank you. now if they would only "ask my permission before shoving this down my throat!" why are we not given the "choice" to opt-out ?
not exactly a "new" development.  it was announced on may 29 in update#30 "we are also thrilled to announce our partnership with cloudcraze (www.cloudcraze.com), an ecommerce platform that runs natively on the salesforce1® platform; as well as our partnership with salesforce.com where the ponomusic store will be hosted. we are using the cloudcraze/salesforce1® platform to develop a world-class social music store."
never give up !!! just sent to pono music team as requested by kickstarter administration: @creator, appalling disrespect for the honest people who believed ... as requested to submit by kickstarter administration ( read below ) offer my opting out of all information on salesforce.com - deletion of all accounts - conform to the kickstarter rules - ship rewards from the kickstarter survey / request new survey information from my original kickstarter donations (all 7 of them) please comply and remove my data from salesforce.com be pono !!! not evil ... ----- thanks for contacting kickstarter. your request (#375697) has been updated. if you have further questions or comments, you can add a comment by replying to this email. melissa (kickstarter) aug 12 15:57 hi there, melissa here with kickstarter support, thanks for writing in about the pono project. as a reminder, backers aren't obligated to use third-party sources outside of kickstarter and are still eligible for rewards that they've pledged for on kickstarter. i apologize for any confusion and frustration on your end. however, ultimately, this is something you will need to work out with the project creator. feel free to use the “contact me” link in the creator’s bio section to address any concerns you have regarding the visibility of your name. best, melissa hawaii aug 11 04:08 @kickstarter administration, recently the kickstarter pono music team implemented a new requirement program outside the kickstarter survey requirement. this new third party database is in now in use and is required compliance by the pono music team of the pono music kickstarter donors to re-enter the same kickstarter survey information already entered in addition to allowing open email accounts and personal data visible and vulnerable to identity theft & spam. none of this was asked or required on the original kickstarter pono music survey. further more if this is not accomplished by the person who has donated money to this pono music kicstarter campaign the rewards will not be sent. please advise the pono music team this action to further glean additional information from the kickstarter donors in order to collect sales data and marketing data for a completely different third party company named: salesforce.com is in violation of the kickstarter agreement made with the pono music team. all surveys have been filled out and pono music donors are awaiting reward product. this added layer of qualification by the pono music team to receive rewards is outside the legal requirements of kickstarter as originally entered into with kickstarter by the pono music team and as such gives a damage impression to the loyal supporters of all kick-starter projects. re-establishing kickstarter trust is essential in this action. please inform the pono music team this added layer of sudo-survey information requirement must be reversed. rewards are to be sent via kickstarter survey alone and confirmed as valid addresses and or updates to valid addresses without coercion to enter into a qualification third party qualification process to receive any awards as now required by salesforce.com https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1003614822/ponomusic-where-your-soul-rediscovers-music thank you this email is a service from kickstarter. delivered by zendesk. message-id:6fqmdqmv_53ea71c77c93b_5cfe3f816d0b33fc24109aa_sprut ---
@all, this is a big foot company (you simply have no rights & they will do whatever they want whenever they want)  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/salesforce.com so much for pono = righteous / more like backstabbing elitist snob$ still no answer from @creator cowards !!!
@rocky, chikinhed, rick, everyone understands this: pono is a fantastic exciting kickstarter offering - me yes i am as excited as everyone else here / u want pono music to succeed ? me 2 / coda: pono music broke the kickstarter rules - this is important - personal data is $$$ - tradable goods / tele-market scams / dun & bradstreet style "market identifiers" pono is "responsible" here on this website to respect our private data & they know this !!! salesforce.com now has everything about you (no choice was ever offered / given or inferred) pono music team sold your personal data to salesforce.com / now do you see why it is imperative pono music cease & desist in this action ? all pono music (should have done by now) could have done to protect your personal data & my own has been ignored (notice how the guilty ones are always silent) so what is wrong with shipping from the original pono music surveys - like everyone on kickstarter does ? offering a place on salesforce.com should we want it ? why the heavy big foot on our throats to join salesforce.com before the pono players arrive ? something is not right here (at least offer opt-out) still waiting for any reply from @creator  to protect my personal data taken without my permission from the kickstarter donor website ! yes a lawyer just might wake someone up & protect our rights !!!
@rocky. here here!!!  the hyperbole of reaction because of information that is accessible from any search engine and is controllable via a toggled setting is just a little overboard. you notice there were no responses to his rantings.
@rocky  you got that shot right driver!  i am excited!!!  i am going to have a listening party at work, with a barbecue pono pie and blind fold testing.  iphones vs pono on same songs with earbuds to start, then cans, then open system, then the car!  if it is what i believe it is, it will be great....even with the earbuds.
@ floater it's time to chill out! call the lawyers(?).huh? this is a new company & new product that we are all pretty excited about. sure there will be teething problems but most of  us are positive and happy to go with the flow. check out the movie no direction home about bob dylan. the booing when he went electric was intense. i'm sure the anxiety is only because we have to wait for the pono. be positive. llp!
@john, elmo... 1990's nyc manhattan - across from f.i.t. - penthouse on the very top of a skyscraper (photographers studio) my home for a year full 360 outside deck with a private view of the city ... my photog assistant gig for crash pad access (amazing) photo shoot in nj / mohammed ali / charity gig - we arrived & were greeted by all of the sesame street characters in full costume greeting physically challenged children ... mr ali had physical limitations this night & regretted he could not make the dinner. we (support staff) were served dinner all together (sesame street & the 2 man photo crew) elmo sat directly across from my place at the huge round table - took off the elmo head to dine - she was the most beautiful woman i have ever seen !!! stunned to this day / elmo changed that night for me forever :-) nice memory / thanks john :-)
tbc?
any class action lawyers out there? @all, kickstarter has taken a position on salesforce.com "as a reminder, backers aren't obligated to use third-party sources outside of kickstarter and are still eligible for rewards that they've pledged for on kickstarter." long live pono !!!
mr. noodle and mr. noodle (with elmo) http://youtu.be/tucnyxcyp94
@john, you're a star john !!!
@all, kickstarter has taken a position on salesforce.com "as a reminder, backers aren't obligated to use third-party sources outside of kickstarter and are still eligible for rewards that they've pledged for on kickstarter." full text below ... --- melissa (kickstarter) aug 12 15:57 hi there, melissa here with kickstarter support, thanks for writing in about the pono project. as a reminder, backers aren't obligated to use third-party sources outside of kickstarter and are still eligible for rewards that they've pledged for on kickstarter. i apologize for any confusion and frustration on your end. however, ultimately, this is something you will need to work out with the project creator. feel free to use the “contact me” link in the creator’s bio section to address any concerns you have regarding the visibility of your name. best, melissa long live pono !!!
thanks for that post, henry. i had forgotten robin williams was even in that video, and i really like bobby mcferrin a lot too! that other actor/dancer with robin was bill irwin. he and actor/comedian/dancer michael jeter played mr. noodle and mr. noodle on sesame street for years. michael jeter stared along side robin williams in the fisher king. it's very odd to me because i was just thinking about that movie as i drove to work yesterday morning (before robin died). the fisher king is one of my favorite movies. it touches me in many ways. these actors and comedians and singers are doing what they do/did for us. they are simply trying to "touch" us. they have done their job.
have no idea why the site reposted this mornings message below. it just took off automatically the moment the page loaded. i didn't even hit reload. isn't it weird we have two pono forums ( 3 if you count the deactivated pp) and none of them allow editing? what are the odds? listening to aimee mann. lost in space.
@john, o,b all... honestly & compassionately - the guy was a master on the message / remember something he once danced about & you will get through this ;-)  https://m.youtube.com/watch…  rip nanoo aloha mr williams ...
@o'boogie, i agree. it has to cost ks $ to do this. wonder why they never cut it off after the campaign is over? maybe they think people returning will remember ks and find new things to back? such a shame to lose robin. he was also a big bicycling fan. remember seeing him at many races on the tv. can't understand how people can be so unhappy.
yeah, i've been back to work since last friday (been on summer vacation). i've been taking part in lots of professional development that is tedious and tiresome. seems like there's a lot of ... back and forth over at the "community" about deleted posts and "rude" behavior. it's too bad. maybe things will improve over there if several users make their concerns known...maybe not... i hope the whole format gets upgraded, like several others have suggested. i don't see why it can't be simple like most forums. this place (right here) is still good, but i really don't like the fact that we can't do a search for specific topics, can't see who's logged in at any given moment in time, and can't go back to very, very, old posts without a lot of trouble. anyway, i'll stick with both places for a while. maybe "here" might be the place to settle down a bit. christmachine seems to have discovered one of the "local" acts i go to see live and post videos of. her name is joan shelley, and she is a very lovely singer from louisville. i've met her several times and just saw her perform with one of her side project bands, maiden radio. they play very traditional folk music. i'll post one of the new videos i recorded just this last sunday night with maiden radio and another from 2012 when she was performing shows with another "local" great, daniel martin moore. they sound wonderful together. please give them a listen. this maiden radio song is an original folk song they wrote and recorded. unfortunately, they only have one ep out, and it is not on it. they should release an official album soon. joan is the one closest to the camera playing guitar. http://youtu.be/ndkb2amcrr0… this one is a song i recorded at an album release show (in-store-performance) at cd central in lexington. the song is the title track from their album of duets called, farthest field. if you like her stuff (and daniel's) i have several more and there are some quality official videos to be found on youtube. http://youtu.be/m-tyoxtw_yu…
i'm here, john! hi, can you tell i'm bored at work today? hahaha. god. i'm so ready for five o'clock ...
..."wish you were here"...
@brian, what a perfect description. ;-)
@o'b, leopards and spots spring to mind :)
@doug adams shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
oh, dear. some true colors showing over in the community. i knew it would happen eventually. hahaha.
@o'boogie, i agree. it has to cost ks $ to do this. wonder why they never cut it off after the campaign is over? maybe they think people returning will remember ks and find new things to back? such a shame to lose robin. he was also a big bicycling fan. remember seeing him at many races on the tv. can't understand how people can be so unhappy.
i like this place. i hope it never goes away. lots of history here. :-)
such a funny funny human being http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@mom, yes. very sad indeed. such a huge loss.
@o'b, robin williams is a tragic loss, it really saddened me, he was a huge talent.
@john, calm down man.  put on some neil young man or my morning jacket. his comic relief on betamax was great.
...15 years older than me, really. i still remember my cousin playing his first album for me in his basement and us having to post someone at the door in case our parents should stumble upon us listening to "naughty words". he was not as important to me as george or richard, but i loved him very, very much! mork was a friend to us back in the 1970's! robin never let us down...on every special he appeared on...on every late night talk show he energized...on everyone's tv set...every time!
my wife and i are watching one of his stand-up specials from a couple of years back on youtube right now (probably recorded around 2011). my wife is from asia and doesn't have the same connection to robin as we who were old enough to have been influenced by his early stand-up. (she has been here for 21 years and appreciates his movies.) he was only 16 years older than me, but his first comedy album was a big-time influence on our comedic sense of ...humanity...
i am devastated by this loss. i've been tearing up all night every time i think about it. it's been an emotional day. some amazing and wonderful emotions. but this is painfully sad.
@john, tr, he was complicated... his choice was a mistake / we all make mistakes... robin worked across the bay from san francisco in sausalito @ the trident restaurant (busboy) - no waiters permitted since the trident was so very famous for the sheer hippy chick braless beauties bending over to take your order from the bar... when my busboy job began there robin had just left for the limelight / jim crenna improve weekends had him for a bit now and then. the most famous story of robin working the diners in the trident restaurant then had robin weaving between tables with a round serving tray full of glasses (everyone thought he was going to crash) the people were jumping out of the chairs !!! it was a great gag only robin could pull off - back in the kitchen next to the pull down attic staircase (before mork) everyone could see robin had "taped the glasses to the tray" so jerry garcia has a new roommate ;-) rip robin / he never did answer my question: "did you ever know a guy named squeegee?"
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuucccccccckkkkkkkkkkkk!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
damn it to all hell!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
what in the hell happened, robin?!?!?!?!?!?!? this should not have happened!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hey backers there's an japanese anime kickstarter called "under the dog". it was created by cia, the guys behind project phoenix. if you guys want to support the project, please back them up. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1300298569/under-the-dog
@creator, in response to your request to enter into agreement with salesforce.com ... sent to: support@ponomusic.com ----- "i do not want any of my information on salesforce.com period!!! return to the surveys / ship from surveys / if the pono player is great !!! and only then will "my choice alone" decide to enter into agreement with salesforce.com as purveyor of pono music. are we clear ???" ----- i suggest everyone cut and paste and reply to support@ponomusic.com message copy from ponomusic here:  ---- the ponomusic team says: you can update your information by logging into your pono community profile. to change and update your profile information, go to your profile tab and then click on the small arrow on the top right, then click on edit profile. you can edit your information there. if you have not received your login pleace contact support@ponomusic.com cheers! ---
@glenn: it's unfortunate that they decided to ship them this way. i can't imagine actual tubes costing much extra. i would have paid a few more bucks for better packaging. oh, well. i just hope that when it's framed the damage won't been visible.
skubrick- my sentiments exactly re: the poster.  a buddy of mine also conveyed the same thing upon delivery of his today.  a sure sign that they were late and rushed? i would have preferred just slightly more care in the handling and shipping - as yours, my poster not incredibly damaged....but?????.....oh well, cheers!
for those wondering about the posters and/or shirts, i can confirm receiving my poster and shirt today. it looks like it shipped from or on august 8th. unfortunately, the poster was not sealed in a poster tube. instead, it came slightly wrapped in thin sheet of brown paper within a usps triangular shipping "tube", which also included the shirt and a few stickers. although the poster isn't incredibly damaged, i would have hoped for a little more discretion on their part when they decided to package these. if these are delivered during a rainstorm there will certainly be water damage.
@brian, i have nothing against her being scottish or ginger. i find both of those things most delightful, and my god, what a gorgeous woman karen gillian is. what i didn't like is how they made her this irrational fruitloop and idiot who constantly did stupid things on the regular. that's the writer's fault, not karen's. :-)
@o'b, as part of the justice for gingers campaign, i must stick up for amy, a red headed scottish girl, just like my daughter :)
oh, i loved rose. rose is still my favorite companion. i also loved donna. never liked martha or amy. amy got on my nerves. rory was ok, but amy. god. she got on my nerves. again, that had a lot to do with the writing, i think. saw her in oculus this weekend, though, and she was very good in that. the part that gets me is that matt smith is the reason dw became some popular in the states. little fangirls everywhere just swooned over that guy, and i will never understand why. ick. awful, awful, awful.
@o'boogie, if not for the 50th anniversary, i was afraid the beeb would cancel the doctor. peter will be better than matt. still a little worried about the writing. they seem to be worried more about weird and goofy vs good story telling. i sure miss rose and especially martha. great companions.
@doug adams, i loved christopher eccleston. he was my very favorite new doctor. then david tennant filled his shoes nicely. we all know what happened next. the horrible writing and matt smith came along and ruined it all. peter capaldi will make it wonderful again. of this i have no doubt.
everyone: open your ticket here ( https://www.kickstarter.com/contact… ) to request kickstarter administration to resolve any issues with your original pono music survey. pono music team must offer opt-out of the salesforce.com data collection / phone numbers / names / addresses / all personal data must be deleted from salesforce.com under opt-out choice.
i have opened a ticket with kickstarter to investigate salesforce.com read my request here: @kickstarter administration, recently the kickstarter pono music team implemented a new requirement program outside the kickstarter survey requirement. this new third party database is in now in use and is required compliance by the pono music team of the pono music kickstarter donors to re-enter the same kickstarter survey information already entered in addition to allowing open email accounts and personal data visible and vulnerable to identity theft & spam. none of this was asked or required on the original kickstarter pono music survey. further more  if this is not accomplished by the person who has donated money to this pono music kicstarter campaign the rewards will not be sent. please advise the pono music team this action to further glean additional information from the kickstarter donors in order to collect sales data and marketing data for a completely different third party company named: salesforce.com is in violation of the kickstarter agreement made with the pono music team. all surveys have been filled out and pono music donors are awaiting reward product. this added layer of qualification by the pono music team to receive rewards is outside the legal requirements of kickstarter as originally entered into with kickstarter by the pono music team and as such gives a damage impression to the loyal supporters of all kick-starter projects. re-establishing kickstarter trust is essential in this action. please inform the pono music team this added layer of sudo-survey information requirement must be reversed. rewards are to be sent via kickstarter survey alone and confirmed as valid addresses and or updates to valid addresses without coercion to enter into a qualification third party qualification process to receive any awards as now required by salesforce.com https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1003614822/ponomusic-where-your-soul-rediscovers-music thank you long live pono !!!
give me christopher eccleston (without whom there would be no dr. who reboot), tom baker, and david tennant. i can't stand matt smith. not sure it is all his fault. the writing seems to have fallen off. episodes seem hastily done at times and harder to follow. have hopes for the new dr. thought they might get really wild and bring the dr. back as female.
it was the very first david tennant episode with the freaky santas and whirling razor christmas trees. matt smith was one of the worst doctors in history. i never liked him or got used to him. dreadful. when they announced peter capaldi, i was over the moon. i've loved him for years. if i couldn't have bill nighy as the next doctor, i wanted peter capaldi. and i cannot wait! #nerd
@creator, monitor cabal & wannabe monitors...  http://glendanicholls.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/head-in-sand.png the only saving grace "please geebus" is the successful delivery of a fantastic pono player knocking the socks of everyone (i still believe :-) ... where is john hamm ??? long live pono
i assume many of you have read irvin's review of the sf meet up on the site, he expanded his experience much more than he wrote here.  the cooler thing was neil's response to his write up.....you must check it out if you haven't already., https://ponomusic.force.com/_ui/core/chatter/groups/groupprofilepage…
nice, i have seen that one before. i'm looking forward to see how he goes.  i wasn't sure about matt smith at first, but grew to really like him in the role.  got a good feeling about capaldi, so hope it doesn't work in reverse.
yeah only 2 weeks till we get a doctor who like no other ; ) & he has a thing about nicknames! http://m.youtube.com/watch…
only 2 weeks until the new series. which xmas special? or is it a regular episode that happens to have xmas in it.
@jamie, yes! i think it was you. i'm watching an episode of doctor who set at christmas time now. it's gone all christmassy in here.
@creator, rethink your decisions ! you're decisions at this juncture have parity with: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/peter_principle  & read this book: http://www.amazon.com/peter-principle-things-always-wrong/dp/0062092065/ref=sr_1_1… the salesforce software selection is a complete and "under the cow" udder disaster !!! change is good !!! be good now pono !!! change the mistake you have made before it is too far gone to ever retrieve "no one can ever buy back a reputation" long live pono !!!
he sums up xmas in perth perfectly in the title - white wine in the sun. local lad, though based in the uk now i think. come to think of it ob you are right, i have a vague recollection of posting the link before! :-)
@jamie, that song is brilliant. we've actually discussed that here before. :-) it's a winner alright.
jerry gets high !!! http://www.mandolincafe.com/news/publish/mandolins_001479.shtml
@brian milligan - here is another "non-christmassy" christmas song. a personal favourite. http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@all, over lords of the under served ... yea - rant / vent accomplished (if wishes were horses) so simple pono jedi coders ... really really easy - just make it like this (example) http://www.mandolincafe.com / build the app (yikes) pono needs a reboot @peace & each and every comment on this topic is heroic, necessary now long live pono !!!
brian & o'b.    the blue nile, you say.   got me thinking in a different direction.   in '73 i went overland (train, barge, train) from cairo to khartoum where i stood at the confluence of the white and the blue nile rivers, then after a few days hunting found a truck packed high with bags of some kind of produce and rode up there with two automatic rifle toting, pot smoking 'guards' against the unrest in n. ethiopia south west to addis.   crossed the blue nile a couple of times.    check this photo of the colors of the two rivers as they meet.    i'm listening to simply red 'picture book' that i just picked up at the re-new store for 50 cents.   man, that mick hucknall has one fine voice!
luc besson's films mostly just make me smile, well maybe not all of them! a family favourite - fifth element http://vimeo.com/24082268
@redwood didn't know his real name and that's part of my concern. but nonetheless it was started to trade music it evolved into what it was. the new site is what it is i would like to be able to keep identity private and would like to be able to search for a particular item like the comments i saw about shure headsets i want to find it again and it's not possible. as far as the identity i'll remain ad tjc lastname on that site until it's safe and secure
@brian, beautiful song. :-) i'll check out the reviews. maybe i can get a copy from amazon uk. won't find it here in the states, i'm quite sure.
family life is one of my favourite christmas songs, gets me away from the usual crud. :)
@o'b, i haven't read it yet but here are the amazon reader reviews: http://www.amazon.co.uk/nileism-strange-course-blue-nile/dp/1846971381 it looks interesting and all for £6 at my local music shop.
this is going well. now there's a double post. ;-)
it. not if!
it. not if!
@brian, you have to see if. it's crazy and bizarre in that luc besson way. but whoa. tell me more about the blue nile book? x
@o'b, that luc besson movie is now on my radar :)
@douglas, i'm from glasgow but live in edinburgh, the deluge hit here all day too.  i was having a drink with a friend in glasgow a few years back and we were joined by paul joseph moore who was a really nice guy - my friend only told me it was paul joseph moore after he had left!
the blue nile's records are required listening for me. they are beautiful and essential. totally. and i really want that book now ... sorry you have to wait for lucy! it was a complete trip. i can't wait to see it again.
jeez isn't about time "hollywood" got their head round world wide release, is what i meant oops! anyway http://www.youtube.com/watch… the blue nile
@o'boogie no lucy for the uk till the 22nd august. jeez isn't it about time got their head round world wide release as a matter of course!
@o'boogie & brian: "tinseltown in the rain" one of the better songs about my own city! and the remnants of hurricane bertha are making it true today no doubt. the blue nile - a somewhat curious connection to what we all strive for here in that they were signed to linn records as their first artist i believe.
i just saw the new luc besson film lucy that had an outstanding track by damon albarn called sister rust. i don't generally love him, but this was such a perfect song. see the film. crazy and mind blowing. whoa.
@brian, there's a book about the blue nile? how did i not know this? i want to read it. also, roberta flack's voice is amazing. first time ever i saw your face makes me actually melt. x
@douglas, i agree completely.  the only privacy issues that affect me are those that you highlighted, visible information over and above that required on any other on-line forum.
@ brian exactly it's from the heart, i want to see the community flourish, i would like to see sections and topics, check out the last post made and who by in one place that fills my entire screen not a 1/3 of it to left. i don't think privacy will affect us, it will be pretty tight, but because they have inextricably linked the community to the store far more information about you is in the community that you would ever need to put in any other on-line forum.
@redwood maybe it does sound strident, you could be right. i know i have tried to post openly and fairly as to the pro's and con's of salesforce and have made it clear i think its a great product for its intention. if no one spoke up at a pono board meeting when the talk of forums or a community home was discussed and the salesforce chatter box was put forward as a solution, then i would question the reasoning & ethos of those suggesting it. neil could have looked to remind himself of what an online forum looks like and then looked at salesforce chatter, clear as day. if he was too busy then any of the team could have done the same thing. if they are not a member of a forum for an interest of theirs then they could not make a judgement on salesforce chatter surely as they have nothing to compare it too. what they all had was ponopeople.org to see a format. i just feel, i have waited for the community to have a place to call home other than here and i feel let down by the format we have been given & i can't help but doubt the reasoning behind it.
@redwood and @doug, there appear to be a few modes of communicating with pono about the community: 1. to never disagree with decisions or implementations. 2. to offer constructive criticism to pono. 3. to abuse pono. i see no harm to pono in mode two, and quite a deal of harm in modes one and three.  we all know that pono is a small company with low staff numbers.  to just meekly accept an unsatisfactory pono community forum would not help pono in the long term - in fact, the forum might become little used and have a bad effect on sales.  there are clearly issues with the forum that are non-trivial - like privacy settings.  on top of that to have evidence already of bad moderation is sad but, in my view, was entirely predictable based on the behaviour of the moderators that they chose.  hopefully all will be good in the end but please do not attempt to stop people raising issues - that would not help any of us or pono.
@ douglas stewart i didn't mean to imply that you were particularly trying to 'lay down the law', it's just that there seemed to be a flurry of posts that talked about pono changing the forum which started seeming 'demanding' & had the cumulative effect on me of starting to appear a little strident. i do like forums and can happily while away many hours if there's interesting stuff going on. i'm certainly prepared to give pono time to improve it (they want to keep their supporters happy, no doubt), as doug adams said, the pono team was very small (3 1/2 people during the ks campaign) and i don't think it's been massively increased even now. pedram abrari was still posting to the forum at past 9pm last night san francisco time - some weekend! i wonder if they are continuing to work 80 hour weeks? (hope not) in my opinion, we need to cut them some slack.
just bought five roberta flack albums and a book about the blue nile (nileism), great way to spend part of a day!
think pono has done a good job so far. their huge funding success probably caused many of their problems. doubt they planned on so many customers in the beginning. if neil would have known how many posters he would have to sign, he might have picked another reward.  pono has had massive growing pains from the start. that is better than no customers. pono is still a small, very small company. they are working hard to complete every thing. i don't find the new "forum" horrible. it may not be exactly what we want, but it will do for now. it is likely pono did not consider a forum at the beginning because they didn't expect so many customers. it snowballed right out of the gate. after the first years pono players are delivered they may revisit offering a more standard forum. if they don't others will likely jump in. kyle did a great job with ponopeople, but there will be others looking to do the same thing. all in time. long live pono.  listening to dad play the piano- live. waiting for family lunch. priceless.
@redwood : i understand what you are getting at and clearly you don't wish to extend too much into a forum base as its not your way. but many many people do live on forums as a way to link and contribute to what they are interested in. kyle (french) picked a free forum as was right to do, it has limitations when you do that but when they grow it's fairly normal practice for free forums to change back end from to another. i don't see anyone laying down the law as you put it, maybe you see things differently as is your opinion. the ponocomminity site is how it is as that is all that salesforce has and has had for quite sometime, there is no relation between ks comments and the existing community chatter box.
@ tjc ponopeople was started by an enthusiastic individual backer (kyle stewart) - and his idea was good enough to be taken up by pono. that forum had its own software limitations, and all the fora i've seen appear to have different ones - none are entirely satisfactory. backers here seemed to get attached to the linear nature of this comments section and didn't appear to go for the topic-based approach over there. maybe that's why the pono community page has the design it has - a compromise between topic and linear structures.  in my opinion ponopeople was also somewhat stymied by the delays in pono launching its own site revamp.
@ douglas stewart @ brian m you sound like someone who is in it and knows a lot about these things. i'm not, and i don't. pono has been a long time in development and has taken time to get to fruition. i think the community aspect was something of a surprise (from comments john hamm made) which only came into pono's thinking from march. i assume their strong working relationship with salesforce was successful enough that they listened when sf presumably told pono they had a platform that would work. i've only previously joined the steve hoffman forums and look at computer audiophile and a couple of others regularly. i was probably expecting the pono forum to be something like them, rather than the style someone likened to facebook but i'm not going to have a heart attack about it. i am the sort of person who accepts what they're given & might try and influence things to change in small increments if it's not what is wanted. trying to lay down the law to others (like, say, [name deleted - self-modification] on this very page) will not work in my opinion. i think turning this around will be like trying to turn a supertanker around, not a speedboat. if there is enough dissatisfaction, maybe pono will try - i don't know. to me, the player and the store are the important things, the forum is just a bonus (nice though it is).
i guess the bad taste of ponopeople was that they started as a way to trade music when they had to stop they just became a cut and paste from here. but the format and structure could have been controlled to what most people expect in a forum areas for topics etc it just needed to be controlled not an easy task but as disorganized as i found it it did have a search function something that is missing at new site
@ brian m i agree with you, it probably would have been a better idea to default to no e-mails/digests to start with. maybe it's a cultural difference on this side of the atlantic - from what i see, our friends in the usa like to have everything fed to them. personally, i prefer to be able to pick and choose what i receive, not be deluged with stuff. but i didn't really find it too difficult to change stuff in the settings, so now i'm happy with that element. as for discussing program options on here beforehand - that's opening a real can of worms & i suspect they didn't want a deluge (remember the torrent of posts after they gave some info re power levels on the headphone out?)
@brian milligan : nail on the head, nothing wrong with ponopeople.org just needed ks comments to move over but even weeks ago we were told it was going to be shelved eventually so why contribute? kyle did a great job though getting it up in the first place.
dare i say! there may be more traction if we carry the conversation on the given medium they are all looking at now. https://ponomusic.force.com/_ui/core/userprofile/userprofilepage… should take you to my profile as i can't see an easy way to link to the topic as such.
@tjc, i don't think it's fair to say that ponopeople was run so badly that it failed - i think it suffered because of the existence and extensive use of this ks comments section.
@douglas stewart i guess that is why it is so user unfriendly such a shame. would of thought that a sales told would of at least had a search function. not quite sure why they want to even have the community site anyhow they must have a scheme to get money from us some how. that seems to be all they are after. to bad ponopeople was run so poorly that it failed. of course it was conceived as a means to trade music not to be a forum.
@douglas, well said!
@redwood @floater i'm afraid to say it will take a lot more than patience in my opinion and the opinion of many users of salesforce. what you have is over at the community is not and will never be a user forum, it can't be as it was never conceived by salesforce to anything other than an inter-employee chat box with some aspects of people you do business with having access depending on your licence subscription. i've knocked and pointed enough at the reasons on here and on the community a little. salesforce is fine for commerce, a forum community like any forum you may have joined in the past it will never be! it cant its just not coded that way from the ground up! do you think salesforce are now going to start creating a ground up forum back-end for clients? don't you think they would have done this already if clients & business had asked in the past or even better salesforce had seen the need and offered it. do you think pono will be big enough as a single user base to force that change, essentially a single client with many users? if they do deem it big enough in the future then adding a completely new bolt-on to their stable will not be free, nothing salesforce does is free. the cost of developing a scratch forum will be borne out of sales surely, will that make tracks or albums/ media more expensive? salesforce is great for the ecom and crm and is a leading product worldwide for this so i'm not knocking it and i like it for business company use as it has some real advantages of dynamics crm and the endless .net dev that you need to get that flowing. they could have picked any existing forum base and paid the appropriate corporate fee for doing so,    www.phpbb.com , www.vbulletin.com/ and many more, they could have done it ground up or given some real help to ponopeople.org in the meantime to sort that out for the masses. so remember salesforce chatter is not a forum! it cant be changed into one, they could mostly rewrite something using its code but you would probably be better starting from scratch or picking a format used the world over.
@redwood, i think it would have been better had the pono team set the email feed to no emails as the  default for each customer, many new customers will get hacked off at an email feed that they did not request.  i am also surprised that the options for the pono community forum were not discussed with the users of this comments section before they released the software, there were lots of people on here with extensive experience that would have been happy to help and i think the end result would have been better for everyone.
as we all know the new site sucks has anyone found a way to search for a particular item, or poster. like a simple search box like most forums have in plain site
@ floater i'm a backer like yourself, got nothing to do with the pono team. i just appreciate their work and efforts!   ;) ponomusic has selected salesforce as a business partner so that's going to be ongoing. rome wasn't built in a day (as they say), so i believe tweaking will be done to the community pages. their 'jedi coder' has indicated he hopes that will happen - it just takes time (& a little patience)..... oh, and you can select in your settings whether to receive the pono digest - if you don't want it, make that choice and save that option.  when logged in to the community page, go to 'profile', click on the down arrow over on the top right, select 'settings', then 'e-mail settings'. un-tick all the boxes you don't want in the top portion, (most, if you're like me). then in the lower 'groups' portion go to the arrow at the right of any you've joined, click & select 'never', then save. voila! - no need to keep fulminating!
hey jim, i'm glad you found the comment.  it may well have got lost in the new pono community, i do hope they sort it out, i'm sure they will in time. i've known two companies to use salesforce but that was purely as a client relationship management tool, not as either a forum or as a store.  the choice of software does seem odd and i really hope it works out.
@jim & o'b, here's the link for the fraser/buckley duet, all flowers in time bend towards the sun: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@redwood, ponoteam ... ya sober now ? good !!! all of us feel invincible & screw it into fubar land ... now read it one more time ... why ? well because cart before the horse somehow seems to make sense to you overworked under loved back enders (the best way to do this & done for years this way is... horse before the cart ya see ??? the horse pulls the cart !!! cool huh? so "pull pono off salesforce forium fiasco" just "build it ! we will come :-)
@redwood, ponoteam, thanks for the positive message. it is well understood here / my opinion / ever effort to make this a success is under consideration... since the timeline isn't realtime yet (beta pono) you coder guys show us how to turn on a dime !!! ok ? so here is a grand 2cents of my own. ready ? course you r !!! we all are ready to get our ponos delivered on time no extra hassles !!! think -out the - that salesforce box (cuz any monkey motion to fix the disastrous forum interface you put up (jokes go here) will simply put lipstick on a pig !!! get drunk, sob, cry & freaking code a better unique pono forum platform in-house & get it up and running now !!! none of us could give a (rant here) smiley face about the odd ah/er salefuc&$er  screw the customer platform we want everyone's first born child mentality going on over there !!! this is about high resolution audio delivery platforms right ? you guys are waaay off track now (cart before the horse) not salesscrew before the product launch :( back to the drawing board ponotechs!!! ps: pono digest is freaking spam!!!!
@ floater glad you managed to resolve your issue. i know you don't like the new community site but the guys over there have been helpful - and it appears to be 'watched' more by the pono staff.   there's a hired gent named john lowenthal (involved in coding) who has been very responsive and helpful to o'boogie and myself (amongst others) - you could always pm him if you get more address issues, etc.  the new site will take some getting used to but i would say it is worth persevering with it. still, that's your choice.
david "dawg" grisman on mandolin with jerry garcia  https://www.youtube.com/watch… david is still here thank our lucky stars (mandolin master of our times)  aloha jerry & thanks (-;
@christmachine, "have a  jerry garcia christmas & a happy bob weir" http://www.sunshinedaydream.biz/jerry-garcia-christmas-card.html he was a merry prankster !!! https://www.youtube.com/watch…
hey brian,   cocteau twins never crossed my radar, haven't known the name liz fraser.  just read your post of a few hours ago and it touched something inside me.   spent my 'working' career and many years before i started that, dealing with good people displaced by the cards they had to play.  i've read and watched damn near every post that's appeared in these pages and that one of your's stood out.  gotta think that in the new world order over in ponomusic.force land, i may have missed it inthe streams.
this was back in the early 80's,
was lucky enough to see gratefull dead at red rocks.  went with some engineer friend's from lockheed martin.  on one side of the stage was an area for those wanting to record the concert.  i have a yamaha tc-800gl cassette deck i used to record. never have i been to a concert where virtually everyone was in a fantastic mood.
@henry ...jerry as santa claus?? best story i've heardin a while. :)))) @o'b, john...rip jerry! i remember that day...very sad indeed. what a legend!
funny how you want to remember the best happy re-birthday jerry / candlelight vigil at strawberry fields in nyc / said good bye then ... miss him ...
@john, o'b, never had the pleasure of meeting jerry. he showed up on christmas day & played santa for some friends i have. they cherish those memories - the lucky ones. cosmic to say the least "happy birthday" still here is the great dawg david grisman who is as close to jerry today as anyone could be (-;
...liquid blue...
...in this link... http://liquidblue.com/music/rock-and-roll/grateful-dead/steal-your-face-vdye-tie-dye-t-shirt/
that's a very special one, o'boogie. i remember you had many grateful dead/jerry garcia shirts. i only have a few, but they are good ones from liquid blue. here's one my daughter gave me.
this is the t-shirt i'm wearing today. for jerry. http://liquidblue.com/music/rock-and-roll/jerry-garcia/remembering-jerry-black-t-shirt/
19 years ago today, jerry garcia left us... http://youtu.be/6ss-i2vgcpw http://youtu.be/lh6nkv5svfq
@all - save the original email "welcome to the ponomusic preorder store & pono community" going back to this link again reentered my original account / this email link allowed salesfuc#% access (reinstated) the deleted account / overwritten email / vanishing act just observed //// this is yet another experience that has me questioning management decisions ... tread carefully people / digital marketing suckup personal data engine minefield going on here //// this koolaid is bitter :-(
alert !!!!  salesforce n i g h t m a r e / when changing my email it erased one of my profiles / gone !!! did salesforce suckup my pono / can't use password if it contains anything resembling email login / tried to respond to kyle: do not have permission message to respond / this thing is a freaking disaster !!! pull the plug on salesforce !!! (7 kickstarter addresses to donate / salesforce is deleting these in favor of one email id) tread carefully people :-(
so salesforce.com has taken over pono ... they contacted me via email to confirm changes made to my address (salesforce user account): reference tells it like it is / what happened to this thing ??? long live pono butt knott the thing trying to be pono / thankfully we still have our original meet & greet one page scrolling kitchen floor where this roger rabbit ain't going down that salesforce.com hole - to vent the growing pains / happy saturday / surfs up in hi :-)
@brian, no, but i will check out the article now. thanks! x
credit to michel hinard on the community site for this link http://www.dna.fr/videos/2014/08/08/video-neil-young-crazy-horse-en-ouverture-de-la-foire-aux-vins last night of the european tour.
@o'b, did you ever read this about the relationship between liz fraser and jeff buckley? http://www.theguardian.com/music/2009/nov/26/cocteau-twins-elizabeth-fraser-interview
@ob rainy days are great for listening to music...today; 18 holes of golf-check, yard work done-check...it's supposed to rain this afternoon, listening to music rest of the day-check!
true. who knows what they would have created had they lived longer? it's so rainy here. jeff buckley suits a rainy day to me.
both buckleys were gifted and died way too early.  still, they left behind some great music.
jeff buckley died very young. i remember it well. great voice.
there was some discussion of tim buckley on the my morning jacket fan forum under the "other music" section that really focused on the music of his son, jeff buckley. after reading about how many people loved his stuff, i went out and found an album and like it a lot. (he died very early, like his father).
i don't have that, @brian. deep shame here. i'll track it down! yes, new music has always been one of the finer things in life for me. i wish i had a really good record store nearby.
amazing that tim buckley's first album came out when he was 19 and is great.
@o'b, one of the finer things in life for sure :)
hi ob, just posted one on the sennheisers, lets see if i get chided at again...
oooooh, nice, @brian. i wanna hear some new tunes today. i love buying new music.
ripping ten albums i bought today, five by anita baker and five by tim buckley.  the songstress has a few great tracks, already very pleased by my purchases!
than you o'boogie! nice to finally speak with you. i've been reading your work here and find you to be nothing less than a coolly intelligent young woman who is blessed with an excellent taste in music!  as ringo is known to say, peace and love! and the best of everything in this rich tapestry for you!
thanks douglas
meanwhile, i've just brushed my teeth, and i'm listening to tupelo honey. where is that man of mystery? if you see him, tell him i'm happy to share this liquid sunshine with him! :-)
@brian, thank you. i think that's a very good thing. dare i say it's ... pono? no. because that word does not mean what you think it means. ;-)
@o'b, i agree wholeheartedly. :-)
@brian, i wondered the same thing. the word pono is being misused and thrown around a lot by people who don't entirely understand its meaning, i'm afraid. i find it v. frustrating.
@siltech if you mean here as in here kickstarter then just click on the avatar or name of the person.
@o'boogie just curious! how can one find out, quantity of post they made here.
@o'b, would it have been more pono to not joke about a troll who puts pono down?  i don't believe it would.  does a definition of pono need to be stated?  i've seen a few somewhat absurd interpretations so far.  might it mean, i don't agree with you, non-mod?
please note: i called this person a downer. not a troll. not a jerk. not a douchecanoe. a downer. hahaha. it's still making me giggle because it was so absurd.
no. the post was a simple question. it may have been a little aggressive in  nature, but there was no reason for it to be deleted. i just gave an example, douglas. another poster and i, who have chatted here, were making a reference to a well-known troll who spends a lot of time all over the internet putting down pono. we were making a joke about him joining the community (because anyone can join, purchaser or not), and i was told to be more "pono" and not talk that way about another person. errrr. yeah. might want to understand the joke before you tell someone not to make it. it's just silly.
@ o'boogie this seems a bit harsh, did it brake the board rules to your knowledge? i have not seen any moderation yet or certainly not on myself i think? on the mods being from europe, that should have nothing to do with it and to be honest you now know when to post in order to get the views over before someone moderates it, only kiddin :) can you give an example of the heavy handedness?
@brian, you have a couple of valid points there. hahaha. you never fail to make me laugh! :-)
@o'b, heavy handed?  we couldn't see that coming? hahaha!  maybe the mods have several modes! on time zones, you seem to have a valid point but try running it through pain analysis and you may discover that there is only one time zone in the world.
good job, glenn. hahaha. i was responding to a post on the new community, and before i could finish typing it, the mods had deleted it. as for not being heavy handed, i've sadly already seen that, too. i've been "called down" for responding to a joke that the mod clearly didn't understand or get the reference to. it's also very strange to me that 75% of the people in the community are in north america and three of the mods are in europe. at night, after europe has gone to bed, there is exactly one mod for the whole place.
13,003 ; ) @glenn e.
3,000- yes!
be pono :)
neil young!
with you
earth
on the
being
hey @doug we had thought of starting the ks announcement: "mods are rockers" :) re the codes. they are in the knowledge section of the site. viewable to everyone. i am very concerned that something might have been deleted without interaction. when we removed groups, all the material was saved as topics threads, accessible to all.
its nice
@richheart i saw that too but could not find anything that mentioned moderated by admin on the community. its also worth noting that anyone can ask for a copy of the moderator code as it says provided on request. what it does not say is who to ask for it : ) also of note that anyone can request to be a mod! but i'd be very careful cos i've spotted some old punks & rockers in the community that may have a thing or two to say about that! : )
@chikinhed : yes i do have some experience in crm packages including salesforce however i'm trying not put it down as product for which its purpose is intended merely trying to point out the software is not intended to run forums. i'm afraid its not like watching a band from backstage as opposed to being front centre, simply because by the very nature of the software design you are channelled to do things in a certain way rather than take in the ambience no matter where you are in regards to that experience. the nature of software design is dependant on the goal of the software, i think salesforce will be fine for managing the commerce aspect! i think it will be dreadful for managing a community of individuals with some commonality who maybe just maybe don't like to think of themselves as sheep being herded onto rough ground with little lush grass and heavy going under way.
i saw a comment on here about moderators deleting something. if that is so, please tell me more. as far as i am aware, no mod has deleted anything as yet. that implies that admin might have. again as a moderator, i would have thought we would know about this. there are code of conduct guidelines, but the idea is to encourage free and open discussion, not to censor. the code of conduct for moderators, requires contact with anyone considered in breach, rather than 'heavy handed' editing (although things could end up being deleted).
i just woke up.
almost to 13000 @o'b  get your list of pono words out so you can be the one to hit it!  gotta go have a great day guys :)
@douglas, you bring up a really good point.  it sounds like you have some experience with salesforce from the business side.  if i am wrong then i stand corrected.  but my point is that can be a different perspective, a different view, not a wrong or right view a different view.  different doesn't mean deficient.  sorta like watching a concert from backstage.  i believe that the reason we are having this discussion...along with others, is because we do in-fact want the objective of pono the product to succeed.  maybe this will be different as far as salesforce goes, maybe we can make it different, where it serves the business & the consumer, by having that connectivity.  that is my intention.   on one hand consumers want to be heard and on the other hand consumers don't want to be looked at.  maybe we can make that happen with pono!
@doug adams 3rd party forums generally spin up because one isn't there already or was poor or that it grows to require a different place. the community is not a forum as it stands, it more akin to facebook or as i have said inter -employee chat etc. they have an opportunity to get this right and have an informative forum that is easy to read comments and topics without shifting about too much.
and don't forget you can download many albums directly from the artist's website, often at lower cost, and the artist will be able to keep more of the money.  it is a good way to directly support the artists you like, rather than lining the pockets of the labels.
the pono player will likely be excellent.  as long as you have a good set of headphones (i use the etymotic er-4s in-ear monitors ($299) and sennheiser hd800s ($1499)), you should be able to tell the difference between lossy mp3s and lossless cd quality. whether you can hear the difference between lossless cd quality and high resolution is another question. ultimately, you will have to decided whether the differences you hear, if any, and the increased storage space required, are worth the higher price of the higher resolution downloads. buying used cds of your favorite albums and ripping them may be the best price/performance route to take. i wouldn't pay $14.98 an album in cd quality for the convenience of downloading them, but that's just me.
i like things about this site and like things about the other site. need more time to get used to the other site. i was hoping the new site would be more like other forums. when pono becomes popular, we will probably see other 3rd party pono sites. popularity always creates multiple fan websites. look at tv series like dr. who, or car clubs like mustang, corvette, etc.
@dougls "headphones over ear"  nothing more than an extrapolation of pono.  subjective to me. why?  because the topic and thread exist there because of pono...objective.  yes i pointed to one vid..the start of my research, nothing wrong with that.  i have not read everything you wrote, and that is why i asked for a specific example as you suggest potential failure.  i am all for voicing opinions..here there and where ever.   that was one of my concerns in the beginning when it was mentioned that they would change the forums.  and i said, i liked the kitchen floor idea specifically because of what this has grown into.  i personally have always known that this comments section is only here specifically because pono the product.  i was not a member of any outside pono related group (ponopeople.com.)  i didn't have a problem with it.  just wasn't interested.  and if the new forum was not ofically part of pono, then i probably would not be there.  but while i am there it is nice to have fun and discuss various topics.  so i will enjoy it and as long as they let us will enjoy this one too.
@chikinhed you make a good point, you will not easily get the feel for salesforce unless you use it within your business for a while, watching what happens on the pono community may give you a feel but it will not be in reference to another crm package unless you use one of course.
@frank, i do post a lot!  most of it just goofing around... (pono pie) having fun!  i will keep an open mind and try out salesforce...or whatever platform they choose to run!  the main reason is because i support neil and the whole pono idea of getting studio quality music to the masses.  plus, i don't believe stuff stinks till my nose is in it.  i have to see it for my self.  i guess that comes from years of doing what i do.  so as i experience this salesforce platform and i see things that can be improved then i will make suggestions for specific change.  that being said, when the pono players come out, i will do blind testing (blind fold and all) with folks on the player to see if they can determine a significant difference in the quality.  every comment and review, and forums and cats and dogs don't mean jack to me if the pono player does not meet the expectation professed by neil.  if it doesn't it all collapses.  but, at this point...based on his integrity/history i believe it will work!  but as i mentioned before, we will see!
@chikinhed  i'm sorry but the pono community's not product specific! it is a place to share information on many products and experiences, so far one of the most subscribed groups on the community is headphones over ear. you post a leading question but provide nothing other than a youtube link, i have provided points to look at in the very community we are dealing with, please continue with your research as if you can find any forum based on salesforce that has a free flow of posts on a regular basis and is open to membership i'd like to see it. the link you posted is exactly why salesforce is not meant for a community forum, with respect its a fine line between being seen as a naysayer and trying to encourage thought and discussion. i am slightly worried by comments about moderation already but i as yet have not experienced anything of that nature so see no reason not to post my thoughts on here on within the community. it is however a little strange how quiet people are about this although they are finding different ways to voice issues, all i'm trying to say is think now about this, the pono community is not the pono store, leave salesforce to the store and the crm element. let the pono community flourish in a format that forums and people who have been using them and seeing them grow from dial up bulletin boards to the present day can work with, don't make it a chore!
if it has become your routine to post here 10-20 times a day, perhaps it is worth it to you to try to figure out how to make the salesforce platform work for you.  for the occasional poster, forget about it. i'll check back in a couple of months when the pono players have shipped and (hopefully) the music store is open to see if the community software has be upgraded.
@douglas can you please provide an example/s of a community based forum that is product specific that has collapsed for being salesforce formatted for too long?  with all respect, i am not being cute, but am doing some research on it. i can clearly see a need & use for neil to use something that is going to give him the vision & continuity of his/pono consumer base, especially when it is at the critical beginning stages.  especially from the 60k ft view he must take, because of who he is and what he does for a living.  pono is one of several...being an artist is first.  but pono is a big deal....and i would dare to say for him a one shot deal!  if pono set up a different format, they would still be in control (be privy to sensitive/personal info.) i am checking out a few things, but for starters this is what i found so far. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@chikinhed : please do. the clues are all over the place even within the community. when you go to post something new, what's it asking you? "what are you working on" in the comments. i'm not working on anything is the answer! i'm not an employee! i don't see the pono community as work therefore i'm not working on anything! honestly salesforce is a commerce product and a pretty good one in a busy market, it's not right for the pono community, it may be right for the store and the management of sales time will tell. the element we are using in salesforce (sorry the pono community) is usually intended for employees to share info on clients, what they are working on that may be of interest to other employees, managers, directors. you can see it plainly, in that on most forums you don't have inches or cm's of blank space  or the need to click for more if a comments is more than a few lines long. we should not be frightened to point out an issue after all we all kickstarted this and i want to see a pono community forum that i have waited for not square peg trying to fit in a round hole.
@douglass  i have no prior experience with salesforce, but your comments do strike an  interest and i will research it.
@chikinhed @brian m @frank b @travisstyle: leaving a community based on a crm platform for too long will kill the community. i don't want to put a negative out too much but there are so many reasons to make the community a better place than this sooner rather than later. the clue is in the name really "salesforce" a product trying to run a community forum that's reason for being is customer relationship management  with hints of knowledge base chat between employees and info sharing as such within a company structure. ultimately to increase revenue and push the products you sell, forcing sales to companies, as kenny everett would say "all done in the best possible taste" https://www.youtube.com/watch… the pono community is not a company structure it needs a community forum, the pono music store is as its dealing in commerce cut the salesforce cord there.
@frank @brian  i hardly doubt that they will change the main frame format before any pono player releases, that would really create confusion.  but at least if you are a part of the dialogue over there you can be more easily heard and your ideas can be considered or even implemented.  i am sorry to hear anyone not having fun with the new pono site, as the player is supposed to be all about fun.  i hope that folks would reconsider, give it time, things change with time, especially in a start-up.
@frank, i hope they are listening :)
the new pono community software is a clusterf**k.  it's impossible to follow threads and find new posts. no sense wasting my time with it. and i certainly don't want to get entangled in its marketing snares. good luck. i hope everyone gets their pono players soon.
@o'b, the inability to delete private messages is a functional gap.  so someone could send an offensive private message to someone else and it stays there - that makes no sense. moderation excesses were very predictable but sad to see.  i do hope dana's rule applies :)
@john, sad to see excessive moderation at work already but i had my reservations about the experience and attitudes of three of the moderators as soon as they were announced.  excessive moderation is hardly pono. they was already evidence that unnecessary moderation would have been applied to some comments made here in the past had the facility been available.  i also don't get the basis of moderator recruitment.  if they had requested interested parties apply, i think they have been able to choose mods based on skills and experience rather than being part of a cabal on pono people.  no doubt if i posted this on the community, it would be moderated but this is my view. if this area is going to stay open, i don't see why there was any time pressure to move to the pono community, other than the linkage of the community with the store with salesforce. i'm a loyal pono backer and i hope they are listening/reading and will change over time.
@pedram abrari, http://vimeo.com/90915405
@douglas, henry hanna, much better ! pono pistachio cream cheese cracker spread long live pono & kfloor !
@siltech excellent!
ahhhh got in on the kitchen floor kickstarter special one time offer ... still http://www.webhook.com/pricing/ $25 a month to do this is awesome :-) more webhook stuff https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1749618880/webhook… and ... pono potstickers with sweet n sour sauce long live pono's kitchen floor ;-)
@neil young, w e b h o o k !!! this startup / also a kickstarter success / is based in san francisco !!! always a plus (the freaking beauty of this is done with a simple "node" cost about $150 bucks a year and is very music friendly) these are your forum gurus neil & thank you for all the hard work going into the success of this launch :-) http://forums.webhook.com
this is a message from uncle neil to "w" "let's impeach the president" let's impeach the president for lying and misleading our country into war abusing all the power that we gave him and shipping all our money out the door who's the man who hired all the criminals the white house shadows who hide behind closed doors they bend the facts to fit with their new stories of why we have to send our men to war let's impeach the president for spying on citizens inside their own homes breaking every law in the country by tapping our computers and telephones what if al qaeda blew up the levees would new orleans have been safer that way sheltered by our government's protection or was someone just not home that day? flip - flop flip - flop flip - flop flip - flop let's impeach the president for hijacking our religion and using it to get elected dividing our country into colors and still leaving black people neglected thank god he's cracking down on steroids since he sold his old baseball team there's lots of people looking at big trouble but of course our president is clean. thank god
well, i just posted something over at the "pono community" that may get deleted by the "moderators", so i figured i'd post it over here where it's "safe". this was in response to a post asking if you thought musicians/artists should keep their political views to themselves, or if you didn't mind them "preaching" to you through their music/art. i've seen ted in concert...more than once, too. however, seeing how he has sort of lost his mind over the last couple of decades, i don't think i'll be handing over any more of my money to him. i used to be a huge nuge fan back in the 1970's, 1980's, and the early part of the 1990's. i even got his autograph on the back of my 11th grade report card from school after a show at municipal auditorium in nashville, tennessee... "this is a love song i'd like to dedicate to all that nashville..." well, that was a long time ago, and i have grown up quite a bit...ted hasn't. he seems to be regressing. so...yeah, the political views of musicians do sway me when it comes to handing over my hard earned money. also, ted does give political speeches at his shows these days. have you all not seen the youtube clips of him suggesting that he (or anyone else in their "right-winged mind") should "take out" the president. he even waves machine guns around while he's saying these things! plus, he's a racist, and a sexist. he even started "dating" one of his former wives when she was 17! he was already 30 years old at this point. he kind of got permission from her father to take her out on tour with him in the 1970's! i found this on wikipedia, "in 1978, nugent began a relationship with seventeen-year-old hawaii native pele massa. due to the age difference they could not marry so nugent joined massa's parents in signing documents to make himself her legal guardian, an arrangement that spin magazine ranked in october 2000 as #63 on their list of the "100 sleaziest moments in rock". she even had to dump him when it became obvious that he was never going to change his womanizing ways. so...no, i would never want to surround myself with people "of like mind" at one of his shows...these days. as far as neil and csn&y go, i couldn't have been more proud when they went on the deja vu tour where they pulled many a song from neil's important work, living with war. i loved the documentary/tour-film that showed "fans" getting all upset and even giving the band the middle finger when they started singing "let's impeach the president"! that's why i don't and won't go to ted's shows anymore. i wouldn't feel comfortable there, like those right-winged idiots didn't feel all that comfortable mingling with so many "hippies", "peace freaks", "liberals", "progressives", ... you know ... "normal people".
how about pono peanut butter pudding surprise!?! studio version http://youtu.be/bpkc3q2in4i live version (austin city limits) http://youtu.be/pa0umpaxpv8
new forum pretty sad has anyone figured out how to change username would just delete account but then they likely won't ship the pono. why don't they just operate like other kickstarters do and ship the stuff out. it's really not that complicated the kickstarter comment section has it's faults but it's better than what i've seen so far on new site. glad that kickstarter comment section will keep going kickstarter does not shut down sites as far as i know
@christmachine 10-4      yes
@brian @travisstyle : something neil may look at the aaca, thats a pretty standard forum format http://forums.aaca.org/ there are so so  many but most look and feel like that example, ponopeople was more forum like in format. the community format is just awkward at the moment, gearing up to be a a love fest of big badges with big numbers so confrontational and not community like or in danger of that because of it very existence. avatars and nick names need to be working now, i don't want any of my kickstarter info pushed if at all possible. i'm afraid all of this is because salesforce is a crm package first and foremost and its about information, contact, in-bound marketing and to be frank usually works a treat when that info is full of companies you want to deal with and the respective contacts within those companies and how and when you contact them to touch base, collate who visited your website , what pages they looked at and for how long allowing your team to target that client appropriately so on and so forth. i'm not knocking salesforce, its great, really is just not for a community forum. no issue with mods, all forums need them and if you stay long enough they will come and go too. privacy is a concern- far to much information for a community forum the info they said they needed again should have been kept to the store element of the site no further.
yellow pono piña coladas in a triangle glass with earbud stir sticks!
yellow (mustardy) & black (cooked to a crisp) pono pretzels in the shape of neil's signature!
now i'm getting hungry!  http://www.ponohawaiiangrill.com/site/…
nothing new under the sun ;(  http://www.ponopies.com/p/about.html
you are deeply silly. in the best kind of way!
i think i like pono pie the best :)
we don't do pono chikn ;(
pono cookies :)
no, i don't care about that.  i'm just looking thru the leftovers and making a grocery list for the new & improved kitchen floor ;)
pono cherry...neil ate the last one.
you are hilarious. trying to get to 13,000?
pono cheese
pono cereal!!!
pono custard
pono cream
pono crackers
yellow & black pono cotton candy!
pono pickles
pono peanut butter!
pono pretzels :)
pono prunes ;/
pono punch 192/24 proof!
pono porridge...blahh
pono popcorn!
pono pizza!
pono pasta!
pono pancakes!
pono pudding too!
neil needs to know that there is pono pie!
@everyone !!! ok lets get this party started !!! @douglas :-)  you know where the best / greatest / fantastic / ... / forums are right ? kindly post freely "anything" you would hope mr neil young should be aware of - he is a busy southpaw at the moment / suggestions - links - anything is welcome - move into the light, all is welcomed - only rabbit holes shall forever be abhorrent & ya da ya da ya da long live pono
also, i don't see how they can turn off the comments here? i don't think there is any way to do that. so yeah. i'll still hang out here, too, for sure.
@brian, all good points. i've since found out that you can't actually delete private/direct messages. no one can. there is no function that exists to delete them. they stay there forever. how does that make sense? i'm baffled.
just went back to my very first ks project in 2010, and could still make a comment.
@douglas, remiam, brian, excellent feedback (neil make it happen) ploy or push this (page) should remain until pono gets it right / not a slam here from me just like minds questioning the trajectory now (pono must get this right or it won't fly) we care because the salesforce flaws are so edgy / aggressive / just not musical ya know ??? long live pono
@douglas, i could not agree more, my concerns are: 1. functionality, 2. i do not want my email being filled by every counter post (i can see that on the screen), 3. moderation, 4, points and badges (i am not a boy scout) 5. privacy. 5. usernames. if this comments section stays open, i will stay here until there is an upgrade in the pono community forum.
i have never seen a comment's section disappear.  in fact i have made comment's on other ks project's year's later.
must admit i dipped out of this comments section (this is not a forum by most peoples standards i would suggest) not long after the funding cycle finished, i returned almost daily to read some of the useful info regarding headphones and equipment & folks general music experiences which made a nice retreat from stressful situations at work. this comments section is what it is and would never be changed as its provided by the facilitator, kickstarter, not the project pono. here's the thing though and its been hinted at already on here and on the community! the community format provided by salesforce is not a forum either, again not in any format that most would recognise and i really do wish they would think on a this very carefully as its gotta work and not be a hassle. i have known salesforce in the uk since it's inception almost, i have helped and advised companies choosing to use it or others like dynamics crm. just because the salesforce backed is being used for the store etc does not mean it must be used as the beating heart of the people who made it happen or indeed the new people who come on board, the community! i don't want to sound like a moan but i'm disappointed with what they call a forum and i hope like neil has said many times in whp if something was not done correctly on one of the cars or on a recording he finds a way to go back and fix it. please neil take some advice don't think what has been created is a forum format, it's not its just the best that a salesforce backend can do. take a look at forums! do they look like  what we have been presented with, i would say no. all i ask is that you look! positive pono please
keep this forum open / long live pono
@ob, you are a star !!! in my book !!! always have been !!! classy and dedicated !!! i learned this about here... the rabbit hole just doesn't allow that personal exchange / no-way too messy !!! long live pono
@ob, why shut it down at all ??? if they do then this (wellspring) will cease as resource / the tail won't understand what the head is doing... too many cooks spoil the ... where are you john hamm ??? this action cannot be undone / yea there is "archive" of the trend here but ... why in the hell would anyone want to sever a direct link at the moment of success is waaaay beyond me (ego, vertigo, heady elitism...) preservation of this "free & open" one page forum is (sane, secure, no-brainer, rational, grass roots still growing smart!!!) why  would anyone want to leave the very place that started it all??? just don't make sense !!! i vote to continue this forum here where it all started / the rabbit hole is still in beta so lest just take our sweet time here until everyone leaves of their own volition  long live pono !!!
the vinyl word... http://www.nytimes.com/2014/08/10/magazine/the-brazilian-bus-magnate-whos-buying-up-all-the-worlds-vinyl-records.html…
@travis,  i'm not trying to deflect. i like it here, too. but they are shutting it down. and if i could do anything about that, i would. but i can't.
@ob, nice deflect ... we as forum here on this page have been "self regulating wonderfully on our own without any assistance" in some form or fashion this experience here & exclusive to the pono kickstarter will be diluted and sorely missed in this transition. the essence of going onto a completely new forum (rabbit hole) is a bit odd with points & badges & overlords & divisions & that "customer" tag really burns my socks / i donated $ to fund this 7 times / i ain't no freaking "customer"i am a kickstarter backer of this pono (rabbit hole) thang / music upgrade & enhancement of the delivery system / right??? - the way this thing is unfolding is sales representative / not customer / the monitors are just us with a different "status" now? believe me when i say the hell with all this bs / get my ponos and head over to ebay !!! this forum here is "freedom" the rabbit hole is just a hole !!!
@o'b 86  :p
87 to go! hahaha.
@john just count to 100. :)
@henry hanna , thanks for that...hilarious! how come they cannot make saturday morning cartoons like that today. :) @siltech , glad your coming over! :)
5......
4...
3
2
1
nobody's stopping you from posting here....you can post 94 times.....what's the point, by the way?
@travis you are pono…you are the kitchen floor!…luv that wine red lp avatar by the way :)  so come on over and have some pono pie, there is enough for everyone!  hey they also have some other really cool places too, like the guitar room!!!
@travisstyle, kyle has saved the data from here. no worries, mate! :-)
@travis the kitchen floor is there for you, works the same as here best i
@scooteroboogie***** 13,000 "the golden number" isn't music all about revolution ! are not the dynamics of closing this ponocratic kitchen floor here / they want to kill the posting here right? \ incongruent with why we listen love & launch such revolutionary tools as a ponoplayer ? this small checkered hollowed floor is our victory over the loudness wars right ? seems to be something here worth saving or at least preserving somewhere ... if they do close this kickstarter forum page out / we all should rise up and demand (revolutionary style of course) pono must build us the "kickstarter original backers feed page just like this one - exclusive to us forever - over there @ponorabbithole (i feel better now) sheesh don't break what works so well neil :)
shame we didn't quite reach 13,000 comments here. it's such an nice number.
@siltech, i agree that it's clunky, but i'm afraid that's more to do with kickstarter and how the information was exported. not something they could help. my address information was correct over there, but it doesn't mean everyone else's converted properly in the export process.
sorry, i didn't proof read first
@o'boogie they had all our info on kickstarter, so why so we have to check , correct, and update mailing on pono site? also, do you think all 18000+ backers are doing this, and correctly. this seems so redundant. i thought i get your awesome opinion. thanks
has anyone figured out how to change the username on that ponomusic site sure is a shame that they used your email address as user name not very secure if you ask me i can see the junk email coming already
i'm good on my scooter. thanks for noticing, @travis! ;-)
thanks doug i had put that up originally w/my password but it seems it didn't recognize the password. i changed it & now it works!
pono new 41 update posted
@bill toncic jr, had the same problem. then i figured out that user name field has to be your email address, not your name. seems wrong to me but it worked. good luck. see you there.
could someone help me out. trying to log on the pono music site & community but it doesn't accept either my kickstarter login nor does it accept my pono people login. am i doing something wrong?
@travis, not as scary as my october grateful dead le pono delivery "deadline"  https://m.youtube.com/watch…
@christmachine,  https://m.youtube.com/watch…
@jim....what's goin on man...come see the silly rabbits in the hole.
@chickenleggsnylons ?... the pono pie rabbit hole is open to a n y o n e now !!! best-behave-zyouur-azz over dere in da brier patch tar babies ;)  https://ponomusic.force.com/communitiesselfreg…
@travis come on over and have some pono pie!
yea... but scooter / ahhh sounded a bit off "really scared now!!!"
@chuckleschickennuggets, ob, wow ... i didn't know you could ride a skateboard !!! very impressive - ok ob ... is that you ??? http://www.youtube.com/watch… "still too scared"
excuse me i just need to grab that fork over there....thanks!
@travisstyle, i know. weird! :-) you'll be ok. i promise!
@ob, it's like some weird pono rabbit hole over there ... "i'm scared"
@us, yikes !!!!!  https://ponodev-ponomusic.cs11.force.com/ccrz__ccpage…
@chikinhed, close encounters ... https://ponomusic.force.com/_ui/core/chatter/people/peoplelistpage
hey this is cool, i am in a state of quantum superposition :)
@creator re: update #40 - i don't see a "mobile phone" field anywhere. i assume you mean the 'phone:' field under user information?
manoko, you haven't heard...we're annexing you guys...you know...to keep up with russia and their latest acquisitions...
bye peter
why can't i change the country in the manage my address part of the profile on the website ? i'm from france, not from the usa...
i'm over on the pono boards. this is the last post i will make here. goodbye and hello. farewell from the nostromo.
seems this new forum requirement is unnecessary and confusing.  pono already has all the info that they need from kickstarter.  they've got my money and personal info, why do i need yet another forum with password and my name visible to all!  seems someone did not think this through!
these comments aren't long for the world. :-/
teething problems, i suppose - to be expected.
well, according to kyle, all the "groups" we as members/customers started...labeling us as that group's "owner", were "archived", and new posts are disabled. that's a bit of an immediate "bummer"!
i found my name on the backers list. i'm four names down from john hamm. pretty cool!
talking of elegance and beauty - that chrome player looks absolutely gorgeous! now if only i could log in to the new community site again..... (despite setting it up this morning & writing the password down correctly, joining groups, etc., i can't get back in). damn.
the salesforce1 platform is a crm (customer relationship management) system. shoehorning a community discussion forum into it is going to be a major challenge, perhaps one that is unachievable with any elegance.
@ o'boogie indeed. still (to corrupt shakespeare a little) - the player's the thing.
@ douglas stewart sorry, i've been out. if @ kevin hill wasn't specific enough & you haven't found the thanks list yet, click on 'pre-order' on the top menu of the ponomusic page. once that comes up, go to the kickstarter badge (3rd highest....., etc.) and click on that. beautiful (not!) still, better things to be done (making each of us a beautiful player or two) - that's the important thing. go pono!
@everyone i go away for 1 day and all hedoublel breaks loose!!! i've got so many accounts and passwords! geeeezzz!! i got the address in but it won't take a phone number...help?
well i didn't expect perfection from the community site at this stage of the game but i didn't expect it to be this awful either. i hope the salesforce platform they are using was cheap at least.
thanks, ob, i just found it over there...
@larry, the kitchen floor has been moved to there, although i reckon we'll still use this sometimes.
hmmm...you don't get 'points' for previous comments on kickstarter...oh well. so, is this page going to dry up, or will it still be the 'kitchen floor'?
@douglas, no. i meant the one on the website. it isn't exactly beautiful, is it, @erast? ah, well.
@douglas the kickstarter banner is on the home page and scroll down slightly to the right hand side. hover over the banner and click. the the full list appears. hope this helps.
does anyone know if the pre-order players are only being sold in the us?
i'm assuming we are not talking about the backers list that has been here on kickstarter since day 1 https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1003614822/ponomusic-where-your-soul-rediscovers-music/backers are we?
@erast : would you mind being a bit more specific with exactly where this kickstarter banner is or even post the url here for ease. i still can't find it i'm afraid.
@ peter, @ o'boogie that supporters list looks decidedly threadbare - maybe the visual equivalent of a nick lowe production in its early stages (known as 'basher' because of his production ethos: "bash it down, we'll tart it up later").  i was expecting a better 'look' to the page (delayed since april), and for it to be on a 'thanks' page via the main menu, rather than being hidden behind a kickstarter banner. i didn't click on it for a long while. ah well.
hi all, as this campaign is about reviving the spirit of music, i'm wondering if anyone here can help. a friend of mine called oded sharon is doing an adventure videogame based on reggae music called bolt riley (which is loosely based on the life of bob marley). unfortunately his company came under some financial difficulty last year and it may be his last kickstarter project unless we can help. it was started late last year, and when the campaign failed he restarted it again, last week being the time (as a 7 day campaign). he now has around 540 backers and only has 43 hours left to go to make around $10,000 out of a $31k funding goal. please help make his dream come true. all that's needed is $10 (minimum pledge) for a copy of the game. > https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/soundguy/bolt-riley-a-reggae-adventure-game-chapter-1
still waiting joyce, i haven't heard about anyone getting these yet.
not seeing the supporter list, @peter?
are some people still waiting to get their tshirts and posters?
badges ??? https://www.youtube.com/watch… aaaaand the pono kickstarter  page has birthed a new musical pre-order leeeets party...
jim, thanks for the mmj info. i've been a fan since 2010. (i was a bit late in the game. they put out their first album back in may of 1999.)
if i change my name on the username, is that what i'm supposed to do if i would not like my whole birth name up there?
supporter list is live at pono !!
noticed that t-shirts, stickers & signed posters were shipped around july 16th. i have not received any of the above as of today, august 6th. any indication on when they may arrive. thanks. davewade215@gmail.com
not the best setup
@mel dvd audio extractor. excellent
not the best setup
i'd like to rip the audio from concert dvd's to alac or flac - any suggestions?
i'm in as well, as a newbie!       john,    i was eating breakfast at the funky grand central emporium on galiano island this morning and looking thru a pile of old new yorkers while waiting for the food and came across a great article about your favorite band, mmj.   it's in the aug 1, 2011 issue, it's called summer jam and is by sasha frere-jones.   should be able to hunt it down if you haven't seen it yet.
@ian : funny thing is john shows up fine as darkstarflashes on the community boards! i even replicated the nickname as a title and still nothing! need to get some shut eye, night for now.
@ian & @douglass - you can search for members by nickname
@douglas yep. i don't think the nick name does too much right now...
@douglas thanks found it.
@ian k: you can change your first and last name to read exactly as that however this is also linked to your delivery details i believe so maybe not the best idea :( i just tried that but changed it back
ok, i see now that the address is visible to employees only. however, i can't change the setting for my full name, so i won't use that until it is updated to make it invisible (employees only).
@nathan: look in my post below, lots of tick boxes in the email section about what you want to get notified about and what you don't.
how do i stop all the email updates about others posting to the same threads?
are mailing addresses fully visible? i am uncomfortable with that. i removed mine. i also don't like my whole name being searchable. (i also joined as o'boogie before i got my email. so now there are two.)
ah.... so it is still doing it @douglas....
when you are within the profile section look to the right for a square box with a small triangle pointing downwards. here you can change your time zone and also pick you proffered language settings amongst other little things. first thing i did was choose a nickname & it still insists on using my full name, maybe a a logout and in will suffice. all fun :)
ha! looks like it has changed and user names/nick names now ok.... it has been changing a lot over the past few weeks.
@dougls - yep is a vagary of the link between ks and salesforce i think. so will only let until ks delivers completed i guess.
@john yep, is frustrating. i am normally known as ian k which is my username on the forum, but it displays my full name every time. don't think there is a way around it at the moment...
@john, it does give you the option to put in a nickname when you go in and edit your profile.
@ john : the community allows you to amend your nickname, hit the edit symbol beside your address details and its in the first tab .
i got it figured out! you just go to the "overview" tab in the "profile" section and click on the little yellow pencil that gives you the pop-up that says, "edit profile"...pretty simple! i'm now darkstarflashes!
i'm there now, as well! is there a way to change your "username" instead of having your whole name there? a few months ago, i deleted my last name on here (kickstarter comments) and had planned on using my interweb username of darkstarflashes, like i already do/did on ponopeople. can somebody point me in the right direction? thanks...
@ian yes the only differentiation will be that they suggest only adding a photo to the community account and letting the other accounts go dormant.  hoping there is some further thought about this as really just imposing a kickstarter limitation on the www.ponomusic.com site. please understand i just want them to think about it over the next few months when the store also goes live.
forum pretty confusing. to me anyway.
ok, i've poked around and love the site. it will only improve, of course. october is right around the corner. ima gonna order a clear pono for my daily player as soon as it shows up. i really want a neil autograph, and it looks like all the 1st 10,000 get one.  if only that applied to the kickstarter backers...
@douglas  you have an account on the store for each pledge, but should only have one for the community. is in the email sent to you i think?
i'm in! yeah! on 1 account. i would be grateful if i could get some clarity on having multiple accounts having purchased multiple players. after all it was a kickstarter requirement to have separate accounts surely not something required for ponomusic.com? linked accounts a possibility please?
all kickstarter backers should now have an invite email to the store. please check you junk mail if you haven't seen yours yet. we'll to an update tomorrow and officially inform everyone. appreciate your patient as we iron our any kinks. you will get one invite for each reward you pledged for on the various email addresses you used. you need to login to each one associated with a ponoplayer and provide your accurate shipping address and phone for ups. thanks for your support.
i'm in. very slow. looks great!!
i'm in as well! awesome site!!! :)))))
ok. worked it out. not really intuitive over there so far, but i'm sure we'll all figure it out.
@all... site is most definitely up and running. people logged on and posting. as you say @douglas, probably just the email queue getting its thing done.
nope! no emails here yet, even password recovery using the kickstarter email accounts not presenting an email at this time. surely just a case of the email server kicking out the emails?
just got the email through, followed the link and got to the password change screen and was able to login.
so far not so good. i can't seem to log back in after the "community" locked up my mac, and i had to restart. fun times.
ah! found it on update 33 "kickstarter backers’ ponomusic accounts we will be automatically creating a ponomusic account for backers who pledged for ponoplayers. you will receive an email notification informing you how to login. your reward will appear as an order under your account (for tracking purposes) once we have your complete and valid shipping info (see below)."
and we are live...
yes, i hope it is sooner than october, too. fingers crossed!
by movement, i meant on the user accounts etc.  they have also added the community tab at the top of the ponomusic.com site
i just got an email (to one of my user names)  saying its all up and running!
it does say "by" october, so could be sooner........i choose to think positively!
it's only 16:35 in san francisco, so we may see some movement in the next few hours?
great to see more progress. @creator, the team are obviously hard at work and we do appreciate that. looking forward to seeing the store open for music before october so that we can be ready for the players arrival and load it up:). players look very cool in the new pictures. roll on october.
very cool to see these new bits of the pono music site going ilve. the music section won't be live until october, apparently. lots of exciting happenings in october!
yep new info lurking around the site well spotted on point 4. user reg is unavailable for now.
some specs details from the store site i hadn't heard about (point 4 in particular); the ponoplayer includes two 1/8 inch (3.5 mm) audio output jacks which offer you four modes of operation: 1) personal listening mode via headphones or earbuds,  2) home stereo or in-car listening mode with fixed volume output,  3) pair listening mode with two pairs of headphones/earbuds,  4) balanced mode provides ultra-performance for advanced users, separating left and right channel outputs across the two jacks. great for use with high-impedance headphones, high-end home stereo systems, or professional equipment using balanced xlr input connectors.
@jamie cheers :) nice pics of the players http://www.ponomusic.com/#about now what was said about a login for the store? they will contact us by email with our login details? can't find where i think i saw that. just putting this out there, if you purchased 2 or more le's you will have 2 or more email addresses but you will only require 1 login surely?
store link is now active on ponomusic.com
@o'b and @ian been listening to bbc radio 1 & other bbc stations forever. i have a friend that would send me cassettes of radio shows when i was not in the uk and there was no iplayer. it's all gone pete tong! :)
o'boogie, you are welcome. enjoy.
thanks for the heads up on iplayer radio. that's good to know.
@kevin i think iplayer radio may work outside the uk, the tv version certainly doesn't.
@kevin and @ian, bbc iplayer for radio does work in the us. the tv one does not (unless you know how to wrangle around the rules). i like the mission a lot, but i've never heard that cover, kevin! i'm looking it up. thanks!
also in the 80s the mission done an excellent cover of neil's "like a hurricane".
ian, i'm pretty sure you can only access bbc iplayer if you are in the uk. to do with the licence fee etc.  peter rustin, great call on the sundays, "here's where the story ends". haven't heard that album in ages. other great 80s; all about eve, "martha's harbour". surfer rosa, by the pixies, and the cult, love.
oh, man. music from the big pink is fantastic! good choice, @rocky mountain way. i think robbie robertson is so underrated. i still love his solo record from 1991, storyville. i still get it out and listen to it regularly. hold back the dawn and day of reckoning (burnin' for you) are classics.
sailin shoes by little feat is an obscure gem. i can remember waxing lyrical about willin being a great song. it's about transporting drugs and the guy i was talking to said i must have taken drugs when i was younger. nah i said - music is my drug! very pono.
new authorised nick drake book out this autumn, the collectors edition includes an unreleased five song peel session. bit too pricey, so will have to stick with the standard edition. http://www.udiscovermusic.com/first-authorised-nick-drake-book-due-november
@peter  will do. the bbc iplayer for radio works outside the uk i think? 6 music is a great station. people like iggy pop are djs sometimes, guy garvey is a regular dj, lauren laverne,  jarvis cocker, all sorts. and some regular djs too. will keep an eye out for interesting content and let everyone know. hmmm... can see a group for that as a possibility on the new site. especially with internet radio these days. playlists too...
@kyle, thanks.
@rocky mountain way, music from big pink is a work of genius, it would be in my all time favourites list too.
an all time favourite album music from big pink by the band. i once had the cd in my check on luggage at the airport and it was picked up by security. i spent ages(for fun) explaining how it was the start of country music and eric clapton wanted to join the band until he met them and realised they were a bunch of hillbillies! i shall be released is a standout.
@ian if you hear ian mcc interviewed shout it out; i'd love to hear him.  clearly, he is a smart guy. @ob maybe it was due to this being in los angeles, but echo sang roadhouse blues (!) and people are strange (!!!!!!) and it was brilliant!
@ob yes, i was able to sell it and lost only 60 bucks, which i consider a huge win :)
@mom, i offend doors fans regularly for years (much like i those do who love roger waters!), but they are compilation band if there has ever been one! no offense, morrison fans! haha xx
@o'b, i feel the same way about the doors, like a few tracks.  some bands are best in compilations and, for me, the doors are one of those bands.  no offence to huge doors fans :-)
@peter, i'd have been all over that free echo ticket if i had been anywhere near you. did you find a taker? i have been watching a documentary about jim morrison. i don't really like him much. i've never understood the so-called "genius" of his "poetry." i like a few doors tracks, but a lot of them do nothing for me. not sure why i'm watching it? hahaha.
@peter   you couldn't understand ian mc? well really!!  no, he has a thick scouse accent. is second nature to me, but i know it is difficult for many english people as well. my accent is nowhere near that strong, but i come from over the mersey. he's a sharp wit though and no mistake. he is on bbc 6 music being interviewed sometimes and always worth tuning in for. ian mcnab of the icicle works was support for neil in liverpool. seems we're all called ian from round 'ere. noworrameenlike?
@ian just saw echo here in los angeles last friday, for their 1st show of their us tour and they were just brilliant.  i could not understand a single word ian said, but the songs spoke for themselves. this was my 3rd time seeing them (#2 was for ocean rain with full orchestra(!)) and they can make some splendid music. the new record, meteorites, is a worthy addition to the catalog as well.
just had a look at the pono listening party photos. lol at the kid with the "hello my name is neil young" sticker.
@john, thanks for that, i'll check out the dvd. llp!
i think i have just about everything neil has put out through the years, but silver and gold is right up there with my favorites of his of all time. however, i have the live solo concert dvd of silver and gold and think it kicks the butt of the original studio version. when it came out, we were having some family problems with our "20 something" daughter. i turned to that dvd daily during those hard times. i even rigged up an old receiver/amp of mine to run the audio signal out from the dvd player to the receiver in and then out using the rca jacks on the back to the mini jack input of my desktop computer to make an audio only copy to play in my car and on the other home stereos. it came out a little loud but still very enjoyable. i plan on using some of the tips on here to rip the audio of that very special concert dvd. long live neil! long live pono!
ponomusic have posted some pics of the sf listening party on their facebook page. (i wish they'd post on that page a little more regularly. still, they are madly busy).
if the card is the same as the one i got with the t shirt it is postcard sized, signed, but printed. and i got two triangular stickers with "i backed pono", "ponomusic.com" on it. i used one on the macbook pro - put it over the illuminated apple logo. @peter... bought  copy of donnie darko a few months ago to watch it again and really get the story and enjoy the craft of the film, killing moon is just brilliant as part of the ost. ended up buying some echo and the bunnymen albums. local lads to me here.
some of my favourite "overlooked" albums is the 80's have to be: the three o'clock-sixteen tambourines, which was stated to be in the recording booth while the stone roses made their debut album and which noël gallagher is apparently a fan of. hoodoo gurus-stoneage romeos. oingo boingo-only a lad, which is filled with a bunch of hilarious social commentary.
@peter, beauty stab is a great record.  so different from lexicon, then so different from how to be a zillionaire.  abc does not get enough credit! ocean rain is a masterpiece, i agree. it's funny that i would suggest another listen to....trans by neil young.  my friend had this album and we would listen to sample and hold in the mornings before walking to school, strange but true.
@ob @kyle thanks guys.  i guess we shall see what we get.  my guess would be that they are not signed.  his hand would fall off!!! then old black would....atrophy?
@peter that's a good question, one that we don't know the answer to, yet. that answer doesn't specifically state that he's signing all of the ks-backed units.  thought about that as soon as i posted it.
@peter, i'm not taking anymore chances, even if i was right this time. hahaha. it is my impression that it will be signed by neil. but i can't say for sure. love harriet wheeler's voice. reading writing and arithmetic is a wonderful record. i even kind of enjoy their version of wild horses on their record blind. (sacrilege?)
@kyle @ob thanks.  query: is the thank you card from neil actually signed by the man himself? and while we are speaking of amazing 80s (recorded 1989, released 1990) music: the sundays sublime, graaceful and haunting "reading writing and arithmetic."  a top 10 all-time record for me, you've all heard "here's where the story ends." heck, i've heard it in the grocery store.  harriet wheeler has one of the most exquisite voices ever. and: echo & the bunnymen's 1984 masterpiece "ocean rain" belongs in this discussion.  if you've ever seen "donnie darko"'s original version you will recall the shivers you got when "the killing moon" appeared in one of the most effective uses of music in cinema.
@o'b well... it locked up my computer the first time i tried doing it. ended up being: 3,518 pages 603,110 words 16,599 kb file size
@kyle, hope so, too! that would be brilliant. very handy indeed. well done, sir! (i can't imagine the size of that file!)
@o'b @brian no problem.  i've somehow finally been able to dump the entire ks comment section into a single word file, which, of course, is massive.  but it allows it to be searchable. hopefully we'll be able to get this online somewhere so all can use it as i just did.
@kyle, many thanks!
@brian, macca's output has been inconsistent at best, but he gets unfairly maligned on the regular. i find it most unfair. touring and recording is literally all  the man knows. just let him get on. don't listen if you don't want to, folks. there's no need to be so unkind.
@kyle! thanks! i knew i didn't dream that up. hurray! really appreciate that. see, @peter? i told you. :-d
@mom, reviewers must make artists develop a thick skin.  the references to dates and previous releases are tiresome.  no wonder macca, amongst others, has tried the alter ego route!
@wc @o'b erast fandorin on april 11  for those people worried about 'certificates of authenticity', differentiation of the clear edition & suchlike, i've been searching through the comments to try and find an answer i thought i remembered from @ creator - then realised it was answered by the ponomusic team directly to kyle on the ponopeople.org forum.  i quote: "...each kickstarter reward will include a special thank you card from neil. this would indicate that the reward was indeed from kickstarter."
@o'b, i love it too.  xx allmusic.com reviews that album in a typical way for a release by a great artist.  references to previous records and mentions of the best tracks (in their view) being written years before release.  here's the thing allmusic.com - my ears don't care about that stuff, they just hear the music!
@mom, i love silver & gold. it's beautiful. brings tears to my eyes. neil does that to me sometimes. xx
@peter, thanks for suggesting 80s albums that i would never have listened to otherwise.
@peter, no. it's a goodie. i really like beauty stab. very good call, sir. :-)
guys, listening to the neil young stuff on the csny 1974 bluray that i ripped.  these songs are just great.  "don't be denied" especially.  gorgeous. most underrated record that comes to mind: abc's second album, "beauty stab".  pigeonholed as pet shop boys/haircut 100 types, this album is a gorgeous, sophisticated gem.  go listen to the last song, "united kingdom", which says as much about thatcher era england as anything done by the pistols.  am i the only one in the world to love this record?  a commercial failure, it drove them back to making dance music.  but this record shines as a neglected treasure.
@o'b,  thanks for spotting that.  autocorrect combined with the ability to edit = great, otherwise it sucks.  xx
silver and gold by neil young is another.  the title track is great.
any updates on posters being dispatched?
(and i assume you meant flaming pie, which i also love, not flaming tree. damn autocorrect!)
@mom, i like flowers in the dirt by macca. i loved the songs and he and elvis costello wrote together. i may be in the minority. :-) xx
any other way underrated albums from anyone else?  flaming tree by macca is another one for me.
@o'b, that would be a way more useful addition to a pono than bluetooth! xx
@mom, i think it will enhance the taste even more to listen to van while you taste it. good plan! xx
@mom, it's sweet, and the flavor comes from the very specific nectar of a very specific type of tree. it's like liquid sunshine.  heavenly stuff. why isn't their scratch and sniff internet? we've just come up with the next big idea! haha xx
@o'b, thanks, i'll give it a try whilst listening to that album xx
@o'b, what's so good about it compared with scottish heather honey?  shame tech hasn't developed the internet equivalent of scratch and sniff, a concept which may be lost on younger people :-)
@mom, you can order some. xx :-) http://savannahbee.com/tupelo
@mom, if you've never tasted tupelo honey, you are missing out! that stuff is delicious. i have some. shame you can't taste it via the internet. ;-)
there are so many underrated albums in this world.  many of them are by stars and had those albums been released by new artists, they would be more acclaimed.  van morrison's tupelo honey is one for me.  it's such a great album.  makes me want to taste tupelo honey :-)
@o'b, that's such a great song, listening to it now xx
@wc, i swear to god it said somewhere there would be a signed certificate with our players. @creator? did i dream that? lovely listening choice, @mom. i'm listening to neil's like a hurricane. one of my very favorites. "i am just a dreamer, but you are just a dream ..."
listening to nat king cole's spanish album. @sean, shelby lynne's just a little lovin' apparently was recorded after shelby spoke to manilow, he's not all bad then :-)
don't let those 3 little old ladies in fl fool you, they have been saving their last hits of purple micro-dote for this special occasion, lol!  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@ sean - 3rd lady: "maybe it's the toblerone bar we bought the other day and we should eat it".
ks nych le -check future pono player, (pono website, signed cert, hopefully,) - check
fortunately i was able to snag a tom petty le player late in the process, but i have just noticed they have only sold 498/500 even though they were all gone during the program. i presume that this was because they had credit card bounces during the actual cash extraction period i am surprised they did not open up the process for some trading between pledgers after the program had closed.  if i had settled for a black one, i would ahve jumped at the opportunity to get a tp one had they become available
guys, don't be too upset.  just imagine how upset those 7 poor old 85 year old ladies down in florida are going to feel when they receive their kenny rogers le ponos. 1st lady:  "i turned this thing on, but i think it's broken...it doesn't make any sound!?" 2nd lady:  "dear, try holding it up to your ear......"
i would have been happy with website recognition three months ago.
@wc that sounds right. dammit.
@brad hood, excellent! :)
@oboogie, i believe the ks backers with the le players get some website recognition but not a signed cert.  i may be right.  i may be crazy.
@peter, from my understanding, it will be non kickstarter backers.  by purchasing a pono player through the pono store, one would get a signed cert if they are one of the lucky 1-10,000.
no, but that one goes to 11.
i got the black one signed by spinal tap.  wonder if that one will come with a certificate?
that is exactly what it said. but i thought there was a signed thank you or certificate or something with the limited editions. can't remember where i read it though. whoopsy. again.
@wc i guess my question is whether this applies to our ponos or do i need to go buy one when the site opens? it would be sweet for us early adopter/true believers to get some love
@peter, i thought the pono site claimed that if you preorder through its pono store/website, the first 10,000 get a signed cert.
@peter, @chikinhead, i can't find where i read that. i may have spoken out of turn. :-/ i shall research more tomorrow. must sleep!
@o"b i can't seem to find that statement concerning the kickstarter certs signed by n.y.  do you know where it is?
one thing i would do if i were neil, i would get together with various artist and give them creative licensee to design graphics & color designs for pono players.  can you imagine, how many pono players would sell if katey perry had a line of say 3 to 5 color schemes.  she kills color in her vids! https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@ob for reals?!?!  w. o. w.
i haven't down loaded music at all, except for some freebie hi-res stuff. always buy cd or lp. many people buy single songs, but not all young people buy singles. they are mainly responsible for the new lp market. listening to linda ronstadt & emmylou harris sing sisters of mercy off the western wall/ tucson sessions. nice album.
if i were writing songs to be sold, i wouldn't concern myself with how people are going to buy my music, single or album.  that would be a major distraction to my creative process.  i would rather they bought one song, then no songs...especially in the digital age.  i would accept what is and allow creativity to do what it does...create!  i guess i would make lemonade, and sell it by the cup, but make it by the gallon, lol!  and besides i do not know of any well known artist that don't already sell singles digitally.  how will they square that?  it's ok to sell mp3 singles but not in hi res because of compromising my art?  so pull all my mp3 singles please....i don't think so!
@peter, yes. all of the kickstarter les come with a hand-signed certificate from neil young.
i'm with you jdc.
for pono music store to survive at the price it wants to sell it's albums they needs to offer the option of purchasing singles.
for the sake of full disclosure i will also say that i have the need to purchase singles. my mission once i have my pono player is to spread the word. i have the honor of being around and spending a fair amount of time with college age kids, i will want to be able to let them sample music they listen to but i don't want to purchase 20-30 albums to get the  20-30 songs to do so. having said that i'm sure i too will "discover" new  music in the process and go back and complete certain albums. my guess is that most if not everyone else here will be doing the same thing maybe with other groups maybe with different tastes than your own....but you will want to share this experience. do you want to buy entire albums to do so?
will we get certificate if we ordered thru kick starter ?  i ordered a neil young le, backer number 550. will i get a signed certificate???!!!
yes @john, i too agree with both sides of this debate.  as a consumer, i would like to buy songs individually too.  i just don't think that that mentality of "singles" or singled out tracks helps the artform of music creation.  just an opinion, so i'll leave it at that. this is what i would really like to see....an new album is released at full price.  after it's run on the charts, it's discounted by 30 percent.  after a year or two, it's in the bargain bin for 50 percent off or more.  seriously, a few years ago, you could get most classic records on cd for $3 or $4.  that's the model that i would like to see as a consumer.
i kind of agree with all sides on this "single songs vs. entire album" business. i would much rather see full albums get sold instead of individual songs. i have hardly ever purchased a single song digitally. the only ones i can think of were when my favorite band (mmj) were included on a tribute album, a special benefit album, or a movie soundtrack that i had absolutely no interest in buying. i kind of also agree with the thinking that singles should be chosen by the artist, like when 45's were sold...and later on single song cd's (they usually had a b-side or two as well). however, i don't see them as much...if at all these days. so...i guess to reach the "younger generation", every single song on the album needs to be made available for purchase (i can see the stipulation that longer songs might be labeled "album only" like i often see of extended jams or epic long songs that might eat up an entire side of an album, thus making it "worth" more than $1 or $2.) hopefully, the draw of quality music will make the younger generation seek out entire albums...hopefully.
so is pono about selling "albums" or is it truly "where your soul rediscovers music" as stated? sell the singles, let them discover the music if they do they will buy the albums just like us. i've seen this first hand...my oldest daughter is 24, she already owns way more vinyl than i ever did. this happened after she heard the difference one song at a time, bought a few albums because she needed more then went wow there's more to an album than just the few songs she bought it for. give the option for her generation to "discover" one song at a time and us the option to "rediscover" an album at a time because we already get it.
uncle neil's going! http://www.salesforce.com/dreamforce/df14/ will we have our pono's by then?? @creator loved the video of neil signing certificates! he is adorable, especially when eating cherries! ;-) we are happy too!
@sean f. every album release had quite a lot of say from quite a lot of people not just the artists themselves for one reason or another and even the artists will admit to filler tracks that some fans may like anyway.  yes the artist may have a vision or something to say but the fans/consumers are the ones to decide what they wish as well they will interpret the art their own way anyway.  one shouldn't be forced one way or the other i think both should be the option those that want the full album can use a one button click option for purchasing the whole album and the others that don't can choose the individual songs from that album they prefer for whatever reason they want.  the artist still sells their recordings and makes people happy either way.
dear kickstarter backers, the video with neil signing ownership certificates is there in preparation for the launch of the preorder store which will be coming very soon.
love this...jack white icky thump live hyde park playing 59 airline plastic guitar! https://www.youtube.com/watch… http://www.eastwoodguitars.com/airline-59-custom-2p-red-lh/
@dana i want certificate # 10,000 with the xo on it. neil's got too much time on his hands. he could be packaging up my three pono's to go in the mail. i want my pono's, by the by where is the pre order link!!! ;-)
@sean kim's stuff is good, esp her 1st three cd's! http://www.allmusic.com/artist/kim-richey-mn0000189414 chinese boxes good too! @everyone not sure what pono will do about single tracks vs albums, seems to be some interest in that though. i have very rarely bought just one song, like if that is the only choice. ie song for japan or adam bevells song for bono 'hand in the darkness'. i have always bought whole albums, be it vinyl, cassette, or cd. i have recently bought albums from hd tracks. never bought a single album from itunes. only use it for storage!
@surreal, i respectfully disagree with you.  i believe that what you suggest, changes the artist intention of any given artist.  why would anyone produce a song not intended to be a single?  not much room for experimentation, changes in direction....letting the drummer sing one.  or, leave it up to the artist to decide...
all songs from all albums need to be made available for purchase both individually and as a full album so that the purchaser can decide which or what they want.
there is a video. neil signing and numbering specific certs. the rest have printed numbers. number 10,000 has x0 following the signature. kinda neil young silliness.
http://ponomusic.com/#certificates is direct link to new portion.
single songs need to be made available for purchase at the pono store.
although, if you do buy the single, the band is obligated to also provide you with a second song...an instrumental that is written by the drummer.  that was called the b-side.
we've all bought singles...called 45's.  if the song is released as a single, you should be able to buy it as a single.  if not, you must buy the album.  that's the way it was and should be.  if you can cherrypick, there's no purpose to the album format.
no link to pre-order though.
lisa, i have one kim richey cd.  i'll have to dig it up, haven't listened to it for a long time...
new portion of ponomusic.com....neil will sign certificate if pre-order received in 2014.
are we encouraging the ever shortening attention span that our 'modern' western world has embedded in our children by suggesting that single songs be made available on the pono site?    if neil's primary interest in creating this new sonic world is to invite all (not just 'audiophiles) to an audio arena that those of us who attended in the 60's, 70's and 80's remember, why not encourage them instead, to immerse themselves in the whole vision of the artist, rather than bits and pieces of it?
@joe, i agree with you 100%.  i too like to just buy certain songs at times.  i like what itunes does.  they make it where if you buy a song then that comes off the price of the album!  in most cases i wind up buying the album after all.  but there are times when i want what i want...and that might just be one specific song at that time.  pono is also about options, so i don't see any reason why they wouldn't allow the consumer to decide if they want one, two or the whole album.  it's not like they have to produce 45's for each song.  it's all digital and the convenience aspect of digital itunes rocks!  it's the listening quality of the music that sucks!  and @joe, you hit on a very important note, that neil emphasized....the younger generations!  they must buy in if this is going anywhere big!  apple is ready, right there ready to nail that hi-res business when people start listening to pono and it gets traction.  to be honest with you, i wouldn't be surprised if they bought pono outright!  i hope that teens, 20's & 30's flood pono!  i don't recognize any here, maybe so, and i just don't know.  but when i hear folks posting about youngn's in their forties on the board, then i wonder where the millennials are!
@joe yes, i agree. single track selection needs to be available for this generation that grew up knowing just that if our pono is to catch on with everyone. @o'b do you know rosanne cash's '10 song demo'? really good. ;-)
my two cents on the pono store selling just albums....after spending a lot of time with both of my daughters, their friends and softball teammates i can tell you they do not buy or listen to albums heck they barely listen to an entire song all the way through. the availability of any song any time any where is what they've become accustomed to. the upside is their taste in music is far and wide with two exceptions; opera and classical. if their generation is to be brought into pono the capability to purchase single songs is a must. they crave music just as much as we do or more, they however have very little if any opportunity to hear quality "sounding" music, one song at a time may be enough to get them hooked. when the girls are home and they bring friends they all crowd into my living room and want to hear what i have so i know they enjoy quality sound and certainly can tell the difference. one of the college teammates even said that it was a life changing experience and has since asked a lot of questions about equipment and such. my vote...make single songs available for  them. at some point they may grow up, slow down and have the time and patience to hear the story an album may want to tell.
june, not zhune. thanks for that, autocorrect!
@lisa, i've had the pleasure of meeting and spending time with rosanne. i've met most of the cash clan (including johnny and zhune, which i've recounted here before, i'm sure). i'm a big fan. rosanne is so beautiful and so sweet. love allison krauss, too.
@larry i'm with o'b. have both! blind faith is very good too! @ian the 27 club...when will it end. love cowboy junkies. does anyone like alanis 'jagged little pill'? rosanne cash, kim richey, allison krauss and union station... playlist ideas ;-)
stuff it, one for the road. how did he play this? dance for two people... http://grooveshark.com/#!/search/song…
love the trinity sessions and the boiler in the background. meanwhile, is late here, i'm off. will sort some urls as a play list of sorts. especially davy/davey graham.
yes, that version is quite revelatory.  i believe it may have been one of the reasons that neil young started adding the song to his set lists in that era...only a guess.
@seán  really like the cj's version of powderfinger...  them timmins's know how to make a cool sound.... https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@seán   you might very well say that....
yes, ian, genre-wise like cowboy junkies but slightly different influences.  if i might say, hem are more...pastoral in sound.
@seán  not familiar with hem at all. i.e. not even heard of them before. just checked them out, a musical profile of them on youtube. they shouldn't but they somehow remind me of cowboy junkies (a favourite) running at 45 rpm... that may not sound like it but is a way of saying i like the sound. thanks for that. playlists..... mmmm must do playlists.......
@larry, let it bleed or john barleycorn.
@lisa the 27 club... janis joplin, brian jones, jim morrison, curt cobain, al wilson and recently amy winehouse. and a whole load more besides. started with robert johnson i suppose. many were tortured alright, not certain about jimi though. he was manipulated and used that's for sure. he never seemed to be a tortured soul, a very free spirit and a gentle man off stage too. very well mannered and shy. "i'm the one that's got to die when it's time for me to die, so let me live my life the way i want to". line from if 6 was 9 off axis. some say hopi influence, others say the iching. some say both, which is what i reckon. and hence if 60s was 90s by the beautiful people.
@ larry i'd go for 'john barleycorn must die'. one of my favourite albums.
having heard let it bleed on new vinyl and hi res i would pick that. even if only for gimme shelter. used to always have to move to that. then it went away. now it's back again. rest of album brilliant too. not a big fan of yes so i qualify out on that and traffic great - can't believe stevie winwood still looks and sounds the same these days. the stones have delia smith's cake on the cover too...
informal poll. looking at next hd purchase..."close to the edge', 'let it bleed' or 'john barleycorn must die'. which would you pick?
crowd funding campaign- that is interesting. i've heard of it- anyone with experience can give a quick thumbnail on how it operates?
@ian and 27? that's easy. many a genius is tortured. that is where the genius comes from. or does the torture come from the genius? morrison too. @yuliang i believe pono will drive hd600's. anyway, i hope so!
@ian.  thanks, appreciated. and @brian...have you guys heard of the american band hem?  their records are wonderfully produced and are a mix of "americana" and say a bit of gershwin revisionist american music.  fantastic songwriting, voice, and instrumentation.
@ian sun roof or moon roof, either or is ok! what was it he was saying then? is he not speaking to us now from there? he said 'i just want to be able to live my life...' that is what everyone is still saying now.
@sean will sort out a few urls.  you like acoustic guitar stuff?
@larry, i don't know. they haven't been around in a while ...
@ian, thanks for that lineage info.  i will go back and check out some of the names that you mentioned.  i am somewhat of a fan of richard and linda thompson and eddi reader.  you are lucky to have seen kate rusby, since i don't think she makes it out to the states often (if ever or at least not in l.a. that i know).  she just really hits all the right notes and has a great band.  wouldn't you love to have those records in high res?  been a fan since the album "10".
dare i say "cue the naysayer's" or have they all gone now :/
looks like i spilled some beans...well, not me actually, whoever posted the show.
https://www.crowdfunder.com/pono-music just something for those wondering about the link that went :) not much to see but at least it's legit.
@sean, i really know how to endear myself to the ponomusic team, don't i? #iamsocool
ob, nice one.
dear kickstarter backers it's true that we are doing an equity crowd funding round soon. but what you saw on slideshare was prematurely posted without our permission. we will be doing an official kickstarter update informing you of this opportunity soon and we promise that everything will be properly edited and reviewed. your ponomusic team
now that it has been taken down, i wonder who put it there? i apparently insulted their writing skills with my proofreading comment. whoopsy daisy.
@seán ... this may be all old news for you.... eliza c daughter of martin carthy and norma waterson. kate rusby utterly wonderful, was married to john mccusker, great violinist. i have a few albums by both.  the lineage that leads to kate r includes anne briggs, aforementioned norma waterson, shirley collins (subject of another ks campaign which i and a few others from here backed), jacqui mcshea of pentangle. some say that maddy prior should be included, not me though. and sandy denny of course. more too. the male side is all davey graham, astonishing guitarist (and other instruments), inventor of dadgad, then the likes of bert jansch (much loved by one neil young), john renbourn (both in pentangle), richard thompson and so on. martin simpson a big dude too. but kate rusby has that yorkshire voice. saw her at llangollen town hall when she was with john mccusker, was ethereal, angelic. she did an album with kathryn roberts way back and it was thought that it would be kathryn that would be the star. they all got that wrong then.  not a bad album though. as for playlists.... leave that with me. i think you know by now that i love the things, especially at the turn of the year.
@brian.  i have not, i will check her out, thanks!
@sean, have you tried eliza carthy?
@ian, @lisa.  we should definitely have an area on the new boards to share playlists or "mixtapes" with each other.  i know this board is international, so it would be very interesting. i would love to hear what other people are listening to and what you all hold dear.  i love being introduced to music that i've not heard. and lastly, as an aside....is there another english folk artist that is as wonderful as kate rusby?  i can't find one...any suggestions?
@larry.  sorry, i meant "linked to".  i don't want anyone to think that you posted it.
@larry.  what was that slideshow thing you posted?  i looked at it, didn't look official.  then it was removed.
@larry, i wish whoever put that together had run it by a proofreader. yikes. interesting, though. thanks, man!
@lisa - hendrix. he lived in the building that handel used to live in, in london for a while and where he was headed musically was into other realms i believe. but am just grateful that he stayed awhile and gave us all that he did. http://www.handelhouse.org/discover/jimi-hendrix
interesting...i hadn't seen this before: http://www.slideshare.net/ak_crowdfunder/pono-deck-for-crowdfunder
@lisa i was driving north, back from working in london late at night - 225 mile journey, full moon, beautiful. sun roof open (moon roof in the usa?). car had a serious sound system in it. the dj announced this hendrix remix. i swore at the radio sacrilege!!! heresy!! and nearly turned it off, but by the end of the track i decided to buy the double cd. that track is the best in the collection imho, stills stands up alright. playlists though - we used to do them for each other as samplers of what we were listening to. found lots of new stuff that way and introduced lots of people to stuff they would never have heard otherwise. i still do. brian eno's friend does the same for him. except he just labels the tracks as "track1", "track 2" and so on. at eno's request. that way he listens without prejudice, rather than saying "i don't like them" and skipping over a track. good idea. lost track a long time ago of the amount of albums i have bought, or others have, that have been introduced this way.
don't you love auto correct! it corrected 'clear' for me this am with 'bleary'!
wow @ian that is a awesome link. had to pause life long enough to enjoy that. to have seen life through his eyes. i remember being at someone's house hanging out with young friends. i remember it really i guess b/c everyone was talking about it. it was just a bit before my time. with janis, it was the same thing. it's like always remembering where you were when say, we lost john lennon. i miss all three of them. https://m.youtube.com/watch… and jim had compared jimi to mozart this morning.
btw the playlist function in jriver seems ok. and v20 for the mac, due very soon (2 weeks), also supports ripping. the pc version does already.
ho she? ho she!!  "how he"
@lisa up from the skies, castles made of sand, one rainy wish all good for me. and if 6 was 9 (all iching ish). i was in school on friday sep 18th 1970 with a copy of ladyland under my arm when we got the news that he had gone. still haven't got over it really. don't think we will ever really know what happened, what with the michael jeffery theory about his death and all. and 27? i mean really, 27? how do you get to be like that by 27? crazy. as for playlists, yep there'll be one for this year too. will be a bumper thing though what with everything that has been happening. another episode in the soundtrack of life. a few years ago the beautiful people remixed hendrix's stuff. outrageous!!! except some of it was rather good and makes you think ho she might have sounded these days. lots of little bits glued together to make this. this has been on many a playlist for friends. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@chikinhed still have to read whole post but skimmed over! want to look at links too. yeah, when i saw rs great artists i did want to see who reviewers were! i agree about jimi, the greatest. gone too soon. have to pick and chose his stuff though, some to out there for me. other stuff the soundtrack of youth! wanted to clear up about playlist. not too lazy, just not motivated to learn to do, also don't spend the luxury of time. if i wanted to make playlists, i suppose i would. i do like @ians ideas about making playlists! just now, while i work, axis bold of love, only wanted little wing so far!
@lisa  rolling stone top 100 guitarists list... now there's a list everyone could argue over. some notable players missing for sure. but some good ones in it too. robert johnson at #71 - is that a new picture of him? i thought there were only two? ec would still be miffed to come second to jimi. he could not really handle that, especially at the time when walls in the uk were daubed with "clapton is god" i still reckon there's jimi and then a gap and then everyone else really. no one has come close as far as i can see... or hear.
hmmmm. sounds rather sexist now. i guess in 1970 it just had a home connotation. i would listen to songs on the album and miss the dj's comments.
@ian... i used to record the top 20 on top of the pops microphone to radio loudspeaker, both under the covers of my parents' bed (thicker blankets, quieter room). then listening to the tape with the dj's comments. my all time favourite was the comment at the end of dr hook's - sylvia's mother: "get off the phone, woman....."
@lisa  great video!   i love that gibson (prototype/first copy) slim body cec chet is playing!  those guys were/are something else!  what i think some folks that play get a little crossed up on at times about is that most of the greatest artist are original!  yes they learned to play other artist styles and songs....sometimes, but their true love is in creating...so they create new fresh styles of play and music, at times influenced by those they follow. with the exception of  the likes of eva cassidy!  she took what was, loved it as it was, and lifted it to another incredible level.  that is creativity in honoring what is!  when i hear her sing other peoples songs, all i can think about is...so this is what an angel sounds like :)  https://www.youtube.com/watch… i think what happens is....intention happens!  someone says i want to be the best guitar player i can be!  yeah, but what does that mean?  to me that is like saying i want to be the best fingerprint i can be, lol.  who sets the benchmark for best guitarist?  well, who sets the bench mark for best finger print!?   to me, creativity does!   to me it is the intention that drives, or even a step further, the nothingness intention comes from!  sorta like sub atomic particles (light) that come and go from the quantum vacuum/non-existence/nothingness.  maybe it's all the same thing, just different labels, lol.   or as neil would put it "it's all 1 song!" in the end, to me, the real question is what resonates within, and in this moment...and then after that...this moment....and after that, this moment...and on and on! thanks for posting the vid!!!  yes, creativity continues today, and there are many that resonate with me.   right now, i am really digging jack white & his guitar work, lorde singing along with others! i think i found the culprit by jw!  i love this piece of art.  the lyrics crack me up....it's soo true, lol. https://www.youtube.com/watch… tennis court by lorde is one that i really like!   https://www.youtube.com/watch… i envision the writing of it and the anticipation of the huge changes in life for her as she rocketed.  i think the video is creative as well, it is as if you are reading her mind, as she is not singing it, but the eyes and facial expression sing it.  and the flash of the light..a representation of the flashes to come with stardom, yet she touches the ground of reality in a couple verses (i'm only as young as the minute is full of it.....getting pumped up from the little bright things i bought....but i know they'll never own me.....but i know it's not forever!) great way to contemplate & start my day :)
@rich @ian yes, an album is a way to discover tracks that didn't get air time. sometimes they are better too and give meaning to the rest. what a great idea about the playlists ian! so many possibilities. i love u2 and the rich, melodic sounds of edges guitar and of course, bongolese! the drums, the bass. i have seen them live many times over the last almost 30 years, never disappointed. i always wonder how only 4 guys can entertain so many people! i love my bootlegs. thank you goes to jim for getting them for me ;-)
@rich @lisa et al  was the same when you did a mixer tape, then a mixer cd, now a play list. the order of the tracks is important, part of the selection process. every year i do a playlist of stuff i have heard during the year, or rediscovered, or to mark an important event in the year - a birth, a death and so on. been doing it since tape. is amazing how music will evoke and take you back to a time and a place.
@lisa @ian et all albums had their mood to them. i would buy an album because of what i heard on the radio, then i would have a bias to the song i 'knew better'. in time i have come across so many lesser known tracks that have been true gems, and the sense of the order as set out by the artists definitely had meaning. then there were times that the publishers would rearrange the track order on the cassette so that the lengths would be more or less equal. grrrrrr! :)
here is what i mean about live u2, this is what i want on pono please! https://m.youtube.com/watch…
@ian yeah, thanks for that. will check it out. that's what i'm talking about. side a, side b...side one, side two. the sequence of the songs on albums and cassettes. it was weird when that went away with cd's. never have made a playlist!!! too lazy i guess. if i want an individual song i just skip around till i find it! i won't be ruled by itunes and apple. i take what i want, leave the rest. usually that means whole albums or nothing. do have lots of live u2 though! u2 is best live ;-) all the promises we make from the cradle to the grave / when all i want is you. #u2lyrics
@lisa @tmh can't remember the number of albums i have bought on the strength of a really great track played on the radio and thought the album would be as good. then you found out why that was the track that was on the radio - the rest of the album was pants. i reckon that some albums are essential in their entirety though and i have bought them in different formats. the hope is that we have now reached the end of that road - we will now have the equivalent of the master tape. and for some albums, the sooner the better as analogue tape deteriorates horribly and some of the classics master tapes are well over 40 years old now.
in the '70s, and album cost about 2 weeks spending money for this young teenager. or the equivalent of a decent seat at a concert. i would pay about $150 for a concert ticket now and maybe my son would cope with the same for 2 weeks spending money.  so, roughly speaking, in real terms, technology and audio have become much cheaper than when i was a kid. my first cassette deck (mono phillips n2204 - i remember because i saved up for 6 months for it) cost me close to 6 albums to buy. a pono at $400 costs about 30 hi-res albums.  albums then, in hi-res digital, are close to 10 times cheaper in real terms, to what they were 40 years ago.
@tmh that's the beauty of it! we all have our own likes and preferences. we should be able to buy whole albums or individual songs. i have never been a fan of greatest hits albums really. my most valuable vinyl are original albums. to each his own and i completely understand what you are saying about not wanting to again purchase tunes that you do not want. i totally agree. maybe we can have the best of both worlds. and of course you are right about the live stuff, irreplaceable. ;-)
@lisa @all   the bbc did a very well received documentary "when albums ruled the world". all about just that. points out that one of the things the artists focused on was the sequence of the songs. and side one and side two. once cd arrived, side one and two disappeared. we've all done mixer tapes (well, if we're old enough to remember them), the popularity of play lists continues that cherry picking 'make your own album' thing, and sequence is important with that too i think. i would not be surprised if the bbc documentary is on the inter web somewhere. http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p014r4b5
@lisacooper but he also releases greatest hit and live albums that have the best/most popular tracks on them, i.e. picking certain tracks i am not saying it applies to all albums, but i for example dont want to buy the whole elvis costello catalogue for the 5th time, i wouldd like to get certain songs of certain albums and stick with the re-re-reissues for the whole cd
https://m.youtube.com/watch…
interesting http://www.rollingstone.com/music/lists/100-greatest-guitarists-20111123 i am in favor of hearing whole albums, the way the artists intended. neil arranges his songs on an album in a specific order, to be listened to in that order. that is what makes them special and a lot of thought goes into the process. take the good with everything else and listen to the whole. never been a fan of pick and chose individual songs the itunes way. just didn't seem right. https://m.youtube.com/watch…
@larry berg i think there are a couple of points of resistance to paying $15-25 per album yes,we all paid a lot for albums and cds in the 70s and 80s (although at $15-$25 in the 70's i don't know where you were buying your albums) but conversely, you could also go to a concert for half the price of an album, not a multiple. secondly, you were buying a new album, that had a lot of time and money invested with engineers , producers and artists.  you were not buying a re-release (for the third, fourth or fifth time) where the only additional cost is perhaps a bit of computer time thirdly, there was further cost involved in manufacturing, transporting, holding and retailing these items,  the marginal cost of production these days is negligible finally, there are albums i would buy (again) in full, but there are a lot i just want a couple of tracks off.  i have got used to the itunes method of choosing, particular when there is one standout track and the rest is (often admitted by the artist after the fact) not very good.
brian, larry, john, sean f., o'b.      i pick up my bluesound vault tomorrow and plan to rip as many of my cds as possible into its 1tb memory.   it rips them in lossless flac and also accepts hi-res files up to 24/196.   they say it takes about 6 minutes to rip a cd.   i will then have all those tunes to load into my pono come dec.    i'll run the signal meantime thru a peachtree audio nova 65 se and, presto vito, i'll at least have my music on galiano without bringing boxes of cds.  can't wait to try it all out.
@yuliang someone who was at the sf meet mentioned it drove a planer headphone from audise just fine. just read this in neil's book and it described me to a t before i found out about pono   was ok with my iphone for music but going through the motions. now i've waken from my hibernation.  "“so i am not dead. just sleeping. hibernating, like music lovers who can’t feel what they used to when they heard music because of the low sound quality. they are hibernating bears. they will come out of their caves only when the sound of music shines like the sun"
is it possible to drive hd600 with only pono? it will be nice to take hd600 anywhere at home with a big and heavy dac+amp...
it's funny some people whining about paying $15 -$25 for a high resolution album. i paid about that amount for an album in the early seventies as a teenager, (yea it cost money, consider inflation! , a lot more back then), so it was an investment. and, usually, well worth it. i am also in full agreement with selling only the complete album, just the way the artist wanted it presented.
@chikinhed remember what you were saying about creativity...!!!  the creativity really flows from these guys, a little dated but do they even make guitar players like this anymore?? ;-) www.youtube.com/watch… @larry i know. slowly dialed down is exactly right. not anymore though! thanks neil, llp
picked up 'ram' by paul mccartney, and 'every picture tells a story', rod stewart, 24/192, and next will be 'close to the edge', by yes. i'm not even going to listen to these (of course, they are albums i grew up with), till they are downloaded into pono and combined with new cans. it's difficult to describe how reinvigorated i've become with the thought of listening to music like i did in the past, before i slowly dialed down to mp3s and cheap earbuds. irony that my favorite artist of all provided me with this kick in the ass
how about the band-aid jingle in 24/96?!! just kidding... remember the mtv song? i want my mtv. i think it was dire straits. yeah, brothers in arms.
ok @sean now i'm not gonna be able to get that band-aid jingle outta my hed! ;-) @tmh thanks for the info. 24/96 from now on!
@o'b, i love that album and i'm happy that you like it.  xx
@mom, i just listened to that cover by shelby lynne. i absolutely love it. stunning — it's on repeat. thanks for the heads-up. xx
interesting comments on hi-res by tom petty's engineer http://goo.gl/esv0wl ike mettler: what’s your philosophy about hi-res recording? ryan ulyate: my philosophy is: people should be listening to nothing else. by far the most important thing with hi res is the fact that you get more bit depth. the difference between 16 bit and 24 bit is massive. it’s like 256 times more stuff there. the sampling rate, on the other hand, is less important. i’ve actually found that 96k is probably the sweet spot. i don’t think rock & roll is good at 192. there’s something about slicing it up that many times that, to me, softens up the midrange. the only thing i can say about the lo-res file is this: listening to it on your laptop speakers is probably better because you’ve got the peak limiting that glues everything together. the crappier the speaker, the better it is for the lo-res, i think. but we’re talking about those little, tiny, tiiiiny speakers, you know. (laughs) mettler: hi res is really the best way to hear this album — especially on the blu-ray version, which contains that great surround sound mix you did. ulyate: thanks! like i told you the last time you were here, i’ve got these speakers, and i’ve gotta use them for something! (both laugh) you know me, mike — i love blu-ray. and i did this surround mix the way i did mojo. it’s not a turn-your-head-around mix with stuff flying around behind you. the focus is still in front. the band is still in front of you; it’s just that you’re in the band a little bit more. you’re inside the music more. there’s nothing radical about it. it’s so pleasant to listen to when you turn it up. if hi res gives you the ability to hear the musicians better, then surround takes it up to the next level.
@sean, that doesn't help your case. ;-) also carly didn't write that as a jingle, which i know you know. haha.
i defiantly plan on using the dash at the gym and riding my bicycle!
@sean i'll likely use the pono as a replacement for my cowan i9+ and use it mainly in my car during the commutes to/from work using the audio input jack.  i generally don't use bluetooth for anything, but i think those freewavz (or even the dash) would be handy to have during physical activities.
@ob, did you know that barry manilow wrote "i am stuck on band aids, 'cause band aids stuck on me."  so carly and barry have something in common.
music + pono player = dopamine = happy face :) https://www.youtube.com/watch…
listening to shelby lynne's just a little lovin' - a cover version that really works for me. llp!
@john, that seems like a good ripping plan to me.
@larry, that's the plan! :-) @brian, @sean totally loves barry manilow. let's not even pretend here. ;-) he equates the great carly simon with ketchup. i don't know how we can help him. hahaha.
@brian...alright, i'm not joking, but it's not a priority...err umm. :)
ob, from all i understand, even mp3s should sound bettee on the pono. you could dump your present collection on the pono, then take your time figuring out from there- rerip some cds, buy ultra-high from pono, leave some less-listened ones on mp3 to preserve memory...i'm assuming jriver will be flexible on syncing and all
@john, i'm with you on that.  i've got a lot of cds too.  a bunch, i know, will never make it to the pono store.  i'll start ripping those. @brian...of course i'm joking!!!.....or am i?  :)
brian, like i may have posted weeks or months ago, i use nero for all my ripping. i may switch over to jriver when the pono music player comes in. i'll just have to wait and see. my wife goes to work at night, so i stay up late hours with my laptop on a table in front of me while catching up on dvred late night talk shows. i can't miss my colbert report, daily show, conan, letterman, or craig. when those are all caught up, i throw an album on the turntable while watching a ball game with its sound turned down...or put on a concert dvd or blu-ray.
@sean, why do i know you're not joking about that manilow?  :) @john, i've been ripping to flac for ages now, the pain is reduced so much by using a high spec optical drive and a fast pc.  my desktop typically rips an album to .flac in a third of the time taken by my high spec laptop.  no pain, no gain.  listening to another album whilst ripping always helps for me.
sean, you're probably right about that. berry might just need the extra money. i just have so very, very much music in cd form (and my finances won't let me re-purchase all that good stuff...and my wife won't either), so i've been busy...busy looking for deals on cd's before they are made unobtainable...illegal by the digital powers that be! i will, no doubt, re-purchase some outstanding albums that are "must haves", but i also don't want my re-mastered box sets go to waste.
hey, guys, i will tell him. but he's set on some old ipod. some people are beyond help. ;-) i have 128gb of music on a hard drive, but i'm not re-ripping anything. i want my pono then i'll go from there.
agreed. ive picked up a couple of favorites at 24/192 for pono from hdtracks, holding off on my cds until i see what's on ponomusic. plus the pono/jriver app has a ripper built in, which i dont have now
i'm not ripping my cds until i know what's going to be in the pono store and what's to come. why rip my manilow if i don't have to....
i agree, o'boogie. the truth of pono and high-resolution music will undoubtedly change many a mind about the necessity to rip cd's to flac or wav. that's why i've been slowly doing this as far back as when i submitted my pledge for my pono music player in march. (actually, i had started doing this about 6 months ago or more when i started reading about vinyl quality and all the ways music files can be saved.)  pono! pono! pono!
my ipod has 11,000 songs on it.  i would not want to re-rip that either...if i was ripping.
@o'b, it is silly, sadly some people just cannot be helped!  and thank you :)
@ob no need to re-rip everything right out of the gate. pono is supposed to play mp3 and aac, and i'm sure it will still sound better than an ipod classic.
tell your friend he doesnt have to rerip, pono will take mp3 and still sound better than ipod. he may •want• to, tho, once he rerips just a single song to 16/44 and then listens to it...
nice analogy, @brian! a friend on my facebook feed today was asking to see if anyone a 4th or 5th generation ipod classic to sell because he thought it sounded better. i told him to get a pono. he said he didn't want to have to re-rip all of his music. really? so you'd rather just have crap, okish-sounding music instead? alrighty. i mean, ok if you can't afford one right now or whatever, but saying it's too much trouble to rip all your music again. no. that's just silly to me.
@sean, i suspect anyone wanting to use bluetooth should use a phone rather than a pono. trying to get great audio from bluetooth is like trying to balance a mattress on a bottle of wine :)
i suspect that what we are talking about (transmitting over the air) is why neil and many great artist work with cable (thick cable) when performing and or recording for that matter!  so what happens when the masses find out in october that all those jump up and down without cable concerts they experienced was only 5%!
@nathan, what are you planning on outputting the bluetooth signal to?  if you paired a bluetooth dongle to your pono, and are outputting to say a nice standalone room boombox, you might not get much difference than say, your phone, which already has bluetooth and a music function.  so the question becomes whether the pono would be any better for bluetooth than a device that you already own...probably not for that particular application. if you are trying to pair the pono to a really nice system, i would just not even be thinking bluetooth.
need to think about that...
yeah @brad... it's like you said... just i'm still hurting at suddenly seeing that bottle with only a fifth left. *groan *grin
i once had a bottle of johnny walker - blue label. my partner liked to add a little whiskey to pancake batter.  i just thought someone else in the family liked fine whiskey....  no-one can tell the difference between $17 whiskey and $170 whiskey, when it's in the pancake batter. such a shame....  a bit like playing hi-res from the pono into a bluetooth dongle, which will digitally re-encode the high quality analogue output from the pono. this signal will then pass through the air and be decoded back to analogue in the headphones and amplified by the headphone's amp. all pretty much like putting $170 whiskey into pancakes :)
sure, you could go pono line-out to a bluetooth transmitter, but that's another round of a/d conversion, compression, decompression, and d/a conversion. sort of defeats the purpose of having a simple, high-quality signal path.
@brad    indeed. is a 4:1 compression codec. you have either fixed level line out or variable out of pono to feed it - the analogue has already been pono dac'd and amplified and that will help for sure - at least it's a great quality signal at that point. bluetooth is getting better all the time, still a poor second best though c.f. even uncompressed 16/44.1 let alone hi res.
my understanding of aptx is that it is a lossy compression codec and only capable of 384 kbps max, which means that decompression and d/a conversion have to occur on the headphone end. bluetooth would basically take the pono dac and amplifier stage out of the signal chain, and add additional circuitry to pono that could possibly compromise audio quality in wired applications.
apt x helps... http://lifehacker.com/does-bluetooth-audio-still-suck-1505063323
@brian and @chickinhed, i was thinking it would greatly reduce the quality the sound. i can tell the difference between when i have my player plugged in via my car via usb vs. listening to it via bluetooth. the sound quality dips significantly.
@brian, my understanding (i read somewhere) that bt cannot handle the data transfer.
@nathan  i checked out the link for the bluetooth device…pretty cool!  i am in on the dash!  it is similar.  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/hellobragi/the-dash-wireless-smart-in-ear-headphones
doesn't bluetooth adversely affect sound quality?
oh ok, i thought it didn't but couldn't recall. i'll have to see if i can find a bluetooth dongle i could attach maybe. thanks.
@nathan, what @jdc said is correct. no bluetooth.
@ nathan - the pono has nothing. it's like an ipod classic except plays music better apparently. no blue tooth.
i forget, will the pono support bluetooth?  i think i remember reading it won't but not sure where i saw that... just came across this kickstarter that only has a couple days left, thought i would share incase anyone else is interested. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/freewavz/freewavz-smart-earphones-with-built-in-fitness-mon
i don't know if this has been mentioned before - ran across an interesting web site for searching for sources of hd music, assuming pono will be added when up:  www.findhdmusic.com
whoops,"the" in the wrong place.  really, i'm fan!  haha :). i bought darklands when it was out.  only goths listened to them that i knew.
@jim, jesus and the mary chain are great!  never got their due respect imho.
@ jim, love that album. jamc's best. truly a great band. nice story to go with it too. not about the break up but the rest...
tough out the 25 second ad at the start.
went to my friend witney's wedding in la in '87 and the next day, his best man who i'd just met drove me around town with his wife and they had the jesus and mary chain playing 'darklands' on their cars' cassette.    whitney is still my friend, named my second daughter after him, his marriage didn't last, but darklands is still one of my favorites.  just listened to the tape i made in march '88.  anyone else 'happy when it rains' ?   check it out! https://m.youtube.com/watch…
@pono, please add critters buggin to your list! :)
congratulations to our four new moderators. it is a hard job, but some body has to do it. hope we can make their job easier. i appreciate their dedication to make pono a success. i think o'boogie would make a fine moderator. not necessarily because she is a woman, or young, but because she is a fine person. she has supported pono since the start. pono headphones are interesting. marketing wise, does pono have someone build them, or do you test and endorse headphones for pono player use? like george lucas did with thx home theater equipment? with the endorsement program we would get many more brands and choices. building your own could require considerable investment in time and money.
@chikinhed.  just as long as they don't get into the chicken business.  ask kenny rogers...
@chikinhed.  just as long as they don't get into the chicken business.  ask kenny rogers...
i also hope that it is going to be easy for non pono hi res folks to buy music from the pono music store.
a pono ecosystem that had all the hardware and all the software!
it would be cool if someday pono made their own earbuds, headphones, external speakers and amp and car system!
@ob, good, i'm glad that that is out in the open.  i'm sure if the admins are looking for someone, they will consider you since you have cred. @mom, no offense taken.  i'm not even close to young...unless you're geriatric, then it's all perspective. @brian....still, ketchup.
now this could really impact the health of the planet...amongst other aspects of human life!  but i suspect it will be a cold day in you know where before the world at large has it's hands on it.  http://ntrs.nasa.gov/archive/nasa/casi.ntrs.nasa.gov/20140006052.pdf
@john i am getting a poster for my bd as well my gf got it for me :)   i haven't got a frame yet, i think i will build one or decorate one....maybe tons of guitar & piano string!  maybe a few old piano keys, or old album vinyl!  it melts easy and contours great!  i just finished hammering a copper frame for a poster i got from the greendale movie dvd.  it is cool, it is a two sided poster, so i decided to make a two sided frame!  i hung it up with the us flag, sun green and be the rain on the front side and the frienemy, the voice (the guy in red) on the back side.  just like in the real world, he is always there, and nobody sees him, lol.  but boy does he/she make a mess of things!   the frame was fun to make, i used copper pipe, smashed and split it and made corners and soldered them, even made a double e for the top center and used a bronze .047 acoustic string as a hanger, soldered it too.   anyhow, i am certain the posters will come soon!  i did tell my gal to not let the mail person leave any packages at the door...we are getting lots of rain and if it got wet then that would complicate things.  if i don't get the double signed one then i will by a golden pen and sign the back......chikinhed :)  i should practice that one tho, lol.
@sean, each time i see your avatar i think poor carly simon :-)  the linkage you made was very funny!
@eduard, you should know that there might be legal or other valid reasons why someone might not want to disclose their name on here, e.g. some financial and other companies specifically instruct employees not to disclose their names on any internet forum.  others insist that employees remove their details from linkedin etc.  not everyone has the freedom to go public and everyone has the right to anonymity if they choose.
@sean, i've said all along i'd love to help in any way. moderating seems to be the most obvious way. i sent an email back in april or may to offer my help however i could. it's a small operation, and i work for one of the biggest advertising conglomerates in the world. i'm a moderator on a robyn hitchcock forum and have been a moderator on now-defunct young women's forums. i'd love to help. but it doesn't seem they are currently in the market because i haven't been approached. but i'd be amenable, certainly. :-)
hey ob, do you even want to be a moderator or something like that?  i don't think that i have read anything like that.  if you do, maybe you should try to contact the admins., and i wish you positive vibes.  if not, there is no reason for everyone to try and push you towards that, even if it is just to show their appreciation for you.
@mom and @brian, thanks for the support. xx i seem to bring out the ugly and unkind side of a few people here. i certainly don't do it on purpose. i don't have a mean bone in my body, and i try to do right by people. that seems very pono to me. i love pono and neil, and i'm not going anywhere. i'd love to help, and as a writer and copy editor, i think i could provide assistance in many areas. i made that offer a long time ago. still stands. i've had a brilliant morning this morning. the sun is shining brightly. love is all around. llp!
@eduard, ok, i didn't want to get into this but as you asked: on 7th july you disagreed with a few of us about roger waters.  that was fine, the debate, like most has two sides.  did you need to call o'b and i, "stupid"?  that was not at all pono in my view.  as a moderator, do you intend to call people stupid if they have a different view from you?
@mom that makes a lot of sense
@eduardo, do you retire early dude?  if so, congratulations to you.
still no poster here either and mine was going to be a birthday gift that is now over a month late...
anybody get a poster yet? i am a bit concerned at this point. when and how will they ship? i have a frame and a wall space ready!
@mom your guess is wrong,  please do tell me the deeds i have done(as you call it) that were not very pono because saying it and not proving it is not fair to me. i am not a man of mystery, i stated before who i am, what my name is and where i am from. and yes, the role of moderator should based on the ability to do the job, this is exactly what i tried to say before, sorry that i did not make myself clear to you. i, btw, am not talking about anyone in particular but you seem to think so, again i did not make myself clear to you.
if you were all adults then there would be no need for the babysitters to begin with.
@eduard, i guess you're not a believer in equal opportunities then!  your reference to deeds is baffling.  i could state some deeds by three of you guys on here that were not very pono at all imho but i'm not going to do that.  o'b has been a strong supporter of pono from the outset of the ks campaign in words and deeds. being a moderator should be based on ability to do the job in my view, just like any other role in this world.  diversity of age and sex in jobs is the way the civilised world is going.  i am making an assumption about age.  i'm 52, o'b is 42.  i would be surprised if ian and rich were younger than o'b based on comments made by them about their life experience and family.  i guess i've also assumed that you, kyle, rich and ian are guys.  apologies if any assumption was wrong.
@mom "we need a female and a younger moderator, it wouldn't be pono to only have older guys." we do not know how old most people are here, and i think it is not pono to judge people on age. i do believe anyone, male or female, should be able to become moderator but i also think your sex has nothing to do with it, it should be based on your commitment to pono, not only in words, but in deeds even more.
@o'b, the range of people on here is great.  you get my vote as the young female moderator :-) i picked up the latest csny mojo before it disappeared.  also got the mark hollis solo album.  had a great day despite getting soaked - part of the territory for any scot.:-)
@sean, no offence mr. tomato :-)
@creator & @o'b, we need a female and a younger moderator, it wouldn't be pono to only have older guys.  o'b and sean seem to be the youngest people on here.  sean is a guy and seems obsessed by ketchup.  o'b gets my support as a dual qualified moderator - many others have backed that too. llp!
i love the kitchen floor, but i'm on fb and twitter, too. i love the variety of people here. it's nice to hear a range of opinions from people of all ages.
no fb or twitter here.  i like like the kitchen floor idea too. kind of like '87 when i unexpectedly got snowed into newark airport with all these crazed gaints fans trying to get to the super bowl in southern ca.  all these other people from every  walk of life i  didn't plan on meeting and wouldn't have otherwise met!  so much fun! slept in the jetway !
@brad  way cool!  i honor everyone and what pono means to them and how each person will express it..or not in their own way and collectively.  for me, it is 1 way that i can say (in spirit) that i get you, i feel you, i hear and understand you and the creativity that flows from & thru you!
@chikinhed i have the psychedelic pill cd ripped in lossless. i think i just might make driftin' back the first song played on my pono as well.
on the concert for george, arpan is really special to me! https://www.youtube.com/watch…#
i really like the way they created the dream/kaleidoscope affect of the studio textures and various pieces of equipment (toys :) in the drifting back video!  totally symbolic of presence in the studio...to me :)
@ed.... cheeky!!
@ian i do not know where to get them (would certainly like one, already wear a lot of organic cotton) but you with your contacts should be able to find out where to get some!
@irvin   am a bit late but just like to add my thanks for the review info. i suspect we all wish we had been there with you. your comments are the next best thing. thankyou.
@ed  thanks for the t shirt info. he was wearing one at the liverpool gig, can't find anywhere to get one?
@chikinhed @ed.... yep, says it all really. have not got that album. another one to add to the list...
@chikinhead "i personally think it is the 1 song of neil's that should be on every pono player ever produced....it is pono in song!" i am the proud backer of a ny & ch le and really will have this on there, whether pre-loaded or not. i have been following his music and his projects since the late 60's and he has never disappointed me (well maybe with trans, but that is just not my taste of music). be pono!
@jim isn't it fun and exciting!  we experience these interactions, updates and each other now as things roll along and the pono player will come when it comes!  as one of my favorite writers once wrote "i am not waiting in line, i'm enjoying my self" e.t.  sort of like settling in at a big celebration show and meeting the folks sitting near you :) except this show is in the pono kitchen and we are all sitting on the floor, lol.  the first thing i insist on listening to is: drifting back https://www.youtube.com/watch… by neil, and if it is not already loaded, then i will load it before listening to anything else!  that is my way of answering neil concerning that specific expression of art...to hear and feel what he has expressed and labored for me to hear and feel...the picaso, actually the neil!   i personally think it is the 1 song of neil's that should be on every pono player ever produced....it is pono in song!   then without further ado i will load a piece that is near and dear to me...concert for george, that i will download from the pono store ;) https://www.youtube.com/watch… and continue the musical celebration in my he'd on my real kitchen floor, lol and in spirit with all of you :)
never been on facebook and never been on any kind of social environment til this one so i am still learning how to communicate in this weird environment where we all try to assess who the different avatars are. by discerning the words they spill out onto this two -dimensional back-lit form of reality.    a couple of you i have reached out to and communicated with in a more direct way but i still find myself reacting as a result of my subjective history to things posted by entities i know no better than the deer i pass on the road up to my place on this island or to the lack of response to subjectively remarkable mots i post.  barb jungr or emmylou?  both singing dylan but emmylou first entered my imagination in '75 with 'pieces of the sky' and her heartbreaking elegy to gram parsons with 'boulders to birmingham' and jungr came via my introduction to the linn world many years later.    how can we judge but subjectively?  we've all now heard just how remarkable this wee tobelerone is and we will all load it up with whatever sounds we feel are deserving in the first few time bites after it arrives on our respective doorsteps.  i've been listening to peter tosh and randy newman and jimmy cliff lately.   christchurch.   thanks rafiki.
@irvin thanks for sharing!!!  sounds exciting, look forward to others coming forward and discussing!  was it a full house?  @ed also thanks for posting neil's letter!  i found this store online, i will join neil on this by picking up some things here and there too!  http://www.wearpact.com
@irvin...what?!  no kenny rogers?!?! :)
@all here a message from neil young which i hope he doesn't mind me copying it here: earth and protect t-shirts august 1, 2014 a message from neil young: friends, on my last tour of europe, i started to give our music loving audience free organic cotton t-shirts as a way to show that we appreciate you. your shirts' cotton is grown in the most earth friendly way. feel it. isn't it the best cotton you have ever felt? neil wearing earth shirt       they're free but there is a catch -       here's the catch -       i'm hoping that when you wear your protect / earth t-shirt, you will vow to protect earth & to take a stand for earth in the ways that you can.       today, i have taken the steps to remove sales of non-organic t-shirts and other products that damage the earth from my concerts and my web stores.       i vow to speak up & to do what i can to protect earth. here's why your protect & earth shirts are made from organic cotton - cotton is the most widely used textile crop on earth - covering almost 5% of earth's cultivated land     cotton is second for most pesticide use of all crops & it uses 25% of all of the petrochemical based pesticides, fungicides and herbicides globally     in the us, it takes about 1/3 of a pound of pesticides and herbicides to grow enough conventional cotton for just one t-shirt.     the environmental protection agency considers seven of the top 15 pesticides used on cotton in the united states as "possible," "likely," "probable," or "known" human carcinogens (acephate, dichloropropene, diuron, fluometuron, pendimethalin, tribufos, and trifluralin)     these chemicals absorb into the soil which can affect nearby crops, get into water supplies and rivers and affect many lifeforms downstream     because cotton is grown primarily for its fiber, it is regulated as a non-food crop yet the majority of the cotton plant in the form of cottonseed, approximately 60% by weight, ends up in our food supply.     most cotton is heavily processed using additional resources for stripping, waxing, bleaching, dying and softening     2,700 liters of water is used to grow the cotton for just 1 t-shirt!!!     ( & that doesn't even account for the processing dying etc....)     that's enough water for 1 person to drink for 900 days or enough water to flush your ( non low flow) toilet 270 times!     all this & then there's all the energy consumption as well in growing, manufacturing, processing, transportation etc.... so -       organic cotton is the wiser option for both the health of people and the environment       (hemp is even better - especially when in relation to water consumption, but at the moment it's not as readily available)       organic farming - uses nontoxic pesticides, fungicides & herbicides what you can do - 75 to 80 percent of your garment's lifecycle impact [the sum of environmental impacts caused by a product's existence] comes from washing and drying     consider your laundry habits- they can multiply the benefits of organic cotton some things to try - line dry instead of machine dry & skip ironing your t-shirts ( these 2 things can save up to a 1/3rd of you t-shirts carbon footprint)     wash only when you have a full laundry load & less often     wash with cold water     use non toxic biodegradable cleaners - they work and they don't damage earth protect earth take a personal vow, as i have, to make a difference in any way you can. share the information you find here and elsewhere that illuminates the threats & the solutions to protect earth
@irvin, thanks for the extra info.  this might sound mean, but i will enjoy the " you can't hear hi-res- all you need is mp3" people twisting in the wind with the introduction of the pono music and player. wait untill joe public samples pono music. their argument would be that the analog output stage is making the pono sound so much better. they can't say that because their mantra is"all properly designed amplifiers sound the same".  all their goofy ideas are going to fall like a house of cards. long live pono.
@jim thanks and sorry for the delay. also i saw this about a unreleased nick drake recordings...sad... i don;t know if anyone has mentioned it here so here's the link. http://www.theguardian.com/music/2014/aug/03/nick-drake-rare-tapes-auction-beverley-martyn cheers
@irvin oj good job.
@irvin, fantastic details! thanks for that. so cool. i'm even more excited, which i didn't think was possible. @mom, i'm so ready for october! i can't believe it's getting so close. will be a great month for music and more! :-) xx
i'm not certain that it was zeppelin and what was on the player probably isn't a lock for what will be in the store.  they never said anything about where the music came from, for all i know it could have been someone's own collection there in the office. hdtracks just got a ton of zeppelin in mid-last month, so i'd guess that is where it came from.
@irvin thanks again. surprised they had zeppelin. john  hamm said they were having problems getting the rights. glad it got sorted.
naturally jeff beck sounded ridiculous on the player, i wish i could remember the track, but while i'm a fan, i'm not as well versed with his music as others.  there was at least one zeppelin track that i heard, but i couldn't see what it was ( it was on the pono attached to the ayer amp ). i meant to try it with my average ear buds, i have a pair of older gen brainwavz m1s, but i forgot to break them out.  the other cans they had on hand were sennheiser momentum headphones.  i think they were pretty new so they weren't even really broken-in. the player is about as long as a nintendo 3ds ( the original ), but half as wide, roughly. the vibe was amazingly chill, they didn't direct us, or herd us or say "hey don't touch that."  afaik what was there was ready to go. i know that the player sounds better with high quality material than other mid / low end equipment playing the same thing, what i still don't know is how 384kbps mp3 / aac will sound on the pono.  given that amazing output stage, i'd suppose it will sound brilliant.
irvin, thanks very much for the feedback it is most appreciated. extra thrill hearing that jeff beck was one of the audio experiences!
thank you irvin!  great report with a great pair of ears.
great update @irvin. knew the sound quality would be out of this world. how is the size of the player?  thanks for the report.
@irvin thanks for the update. we are all psyched as can be, fo sho. hope they throw a los angeles event!
@irvin, thanks so much for your comments, i'm sure everyone here will love reading them. @jim, i have that barb jungr album and really rate it and another of her dylan covers albums.  i agree with mom on emmylou harris though, that cover of every grain of sand is terrific.
almost everyone had the same experience as i had with the player. i listened to heart of gold, get lucky, enter sandman, jeff beck, marvin gaye, michael jackson's human nature, the eagles, bob marley jammin, the title track to the latest james bond movie by adell, and a few others. i didn't explore the playback options, i would assume it supports shuffle mode though. the material, with the exception of metallica ( i haven't been able to find a good version of the black album anywhere ), sounded like similar masters to what is available on hdtracks. i had spent the morning listening to exclusively high rez material to prepare, but i was still surprised by how distinct everything sounded through the pono, no matter how much was going on in the track, nothing got swallowed.
@irvin, thanks for the update dude. i knew they had someone working on the ui which is never as easy to get right as people would think.  sounds like a great job all round. @o'b, october will come around quickly, you'll have that pono and more real soon. glad you are an emmylou fan :) xx
@irvin did you or anyone try it out with some regular/low end earbuds?
oh, yeah, they did hook it up to a ayre ax-5 as it supports a two headphone mode, and a balanced output mode. the speakers were nice, but not ridiculous. the presence and sound stage were truly mind-blowing, i was transported to another place. even daft punk and pharrell were a treat to hear on that rig. so it can drive serious high end equipment and still distinguishes itself.
about the ui, it does show the sampling and bitrate if you drill in, so you can geek out if you want. it has a light to make it easier to know when you are listening to a high quality recording. at first i forgot that it was a touch screen, but then it was completely intuitive.  the yellow player is a really nice hue, not gaudy or anything. the screen was bright and clear as well. i don't really know how "done" the software was that was running, but there was absolutely no stuttering or anything less than perfection with the audio stack as far as i could tell. there are a few novel touches to the ui and the user interactions that make it a bit nicer to work with than other pmps that i have used ( ipod, poweramp, sansa clip, etc. ) all in all, it seems to be designed to be unobtrusive so that it is all about what you are experiencing sonically, but not to draw undue attention to itself.
@mom, pssst. is it october yet? i love emmylou.
@jim, barb jungr is very good but i prefer the emmylou harris cover of every grain of sand.  wrecking ball is a great album, start to finish, great production and covers including neil's wrecking ball. roll on october and llp!
@sean thanks for the kind words. would love to see your pics too.
@sean thanks for the kind words. would love to see your pics too.
@creator  @kevin is spot on!   @rick, it will be interesting to see/hear the difference!  i guess the main thing is that there is a significant difference from what is in the general public right now and that difference will hopefully start a race to the top, instead of the race to the bottom that has been the case concerning original sound quality.
@creator, we out here in pono world who wished we could have attended the listening party humbly request some pictures / feedback or video.  did you get the reaction from the backers you expected. what little we have heard sounds very positive but each picture or report will only help to build the excitement until october.  guys, tell me that i am not the only one wishing for this?
i backed a geek wave as well as a pono. excited to listen to then both side by side. the engineering on the pono will probably make it the better of the two. we will see.
has this been posted yet?  http://www.fastcolabs.com/3033005/the-million-dollar-music-player-you-havent-heard-about
more!  https://twitter.com/knifegrenade/status/495407447666733057
more! https://twitter.com/irvinowens/status/495410499673018369
@joe fish!   https://twitter.com/pkael/status/495398220676476928
https://twitter.com/zakmurase/status/495429465107738624
ponomusic on twitter...if you're following them go look, there's even a photo of one at the party with cover art.
the dukes of september ( donald fagen, michael mcdonald and boz scaggs) is another reason for me to get my act together and learn the art of ripping blu-rays. boz is getting better with age.
@o,b & @peter  i  think that the other 49 people were so amazed that either they are in a state of shock and are speechless...still there,....are at neil's ranch playing with the train set or being interrogated by usap!    usap will release them soon....without the memory.
there's a chesky recording out there showing off the advantages of binaural recording.  there is one clip that shows what it sounds like walking from the back of the room while speaking up until he is whispering right into your ear.  it's creepy but does the trick.
@ian i ran it through my apple tv to my big screen and plugged in a head set.  imagine what that would be like in (192/24!)
@ian thanks for posting the binaural recording, that is cool, and another step to bringing it home to real life!  clearly when it is in video it really works, but once you have a mental pic of the room then you can close your eyes and follow the music!
it is weird, @peter. agree. i hope they do one near you. i'd love to hear your review! listening to csny. wishing it was october and i had my pono ...
yeah, peter, i agree with you!  what happened at that listening party last night? maybe there was a lot of nice marin county wine up there and they all have a terrible hangover. :) peter, by the way, checked out your x pics, they were great.  i've got some black and whites of john, exene, and dave alvin from a hootenany awhile back when they all played there individually and i had a press pass.  i'll have to dig 'em up....
i'm astounded that nobody else who attended the listening party has posted. with any luck, they'll do one here in los angeles and i swear on all that is dear to me that i will do a review. like, one typed in word and cut and pasted. spellcheck. edited. you name it. so, little pono, come back to los angeles, please
won't be everyone's cup of tea musically. but this may be of interest... http://www.youtube.com/watch…
some of you might already have this in your collection, but back to what ian was talking about earlier, pearl jam's record "binaural" was recorded binaurally (at least a fair amount of it).
the ost is great too...  same for baraka and the others...
@chikinhed. lol. one of my favourite movies, and baraka that came before it and the long line before that (the qatsi trilogy, chronos...). we went to see samsara a couple of years ago. helped us go back to not eating meat. was not why we went to see it, was just an unexpected outcome. have it now on blu ray.
and for todays afternoon pono matinee..... https://www.youtube.com/watch…
samsara...
i am realizing the value of a lack of editing :)
rotten!  but i guess written too!
that was really fun. loved that, @chikin. i'm listening to ron sexsmith at the moment. hope his stuff is on the pono music store. hey. is it october yet??? no? damn.
@siltech  sometimes!  i am hard boiled..some times i am cracked, lol, colored, soft boiled, over easy, well done, raw, in your face, in an easter basket :) rolling down a hill, sitting there having kids laugh at me, getting stepped on, chewed up and spit out, all kinds of ways, yes and even written, some i don't even know yet.  but this i do know, this egg is here now, in this moment and someday not so, i will go back to pre-eggness....and you?
one of my funnest times was when @o'b and a few more where running the clock and the numbers to the 6m mark, that was great :)  i have also been interested in many of the conversations, where there were disagreements and the likes.  i always wonder what it is to be someone else, and know that at best only you can ever know that experience.  although i am reminded that everyone has their understandings, joys, difficulties and that if i were truly in your shoes, or if you have no shoes...your feet...or if you have no feet...your hed....ok, gotta have a hed...then i would understand.
@siltech, yes. hard-boiled.
guys/gals i have enjoyed this experience and the different thoughts shared here.  to me....early on,  pono meant neil saying to the world...hey this really cool thing is happening in my life...creativity!!!  it's not something i am "thinking" up and i don't always know how & where it comes from, it feels like it is coming from nowhere & nothing...no-thing!  and i receive it, and it is glorious...vibrant with the color of sound and must share it with you.  i can't be the only one to see, hear & feel this!  and when i try and share it with you the color is gone like a fish leaving existence.  so, thats not right, i have to fix it, because it doesn't have to be this way.  it didn't used to be this way.  the music doesn't have to be a dying colorless fish.  so instead of taking the fish out of the water, i am going to take you...the world to where the fish live. so that you can see, feel and hear the gift...the creativity.  now neil didn't tell me this personally, lol.  but he did somehow :)
is that hard boiled?
could be, @siltech! @lisa, chikinhed is a good egg. :-)
i thinks he's having a siesta.
you're pretty cool @chikinhed i like reading your posts!
@siltech, i don't know. i don't think he has ever posted frequently. he probably hasn't checked back in. i'm sure he will answer questions when he pops back in. :-)
@o'boogie why doesn't   irvin owens jr             respond?
hey, @frank, look further down in the comments. @ivan posted a brief review last night.
listening party reports?  you'd think pono would have something up about them at least on its facebook page.
@mobius, yep, forgot to mention that they have some free stuff to try out. and stuff like peter gabriel's 'so'.  my membership has lapsed as i downloaded all the stuff i liked. looks like time to resubscribe i think.
@lisa  i for one do not worry about "if it is on subject."  i for one, say what i want to say, and welcome off subject matter, and if i don't then i know how to read past it.  sometimes people just want to say something...and thats ok.  the only "rule" here is to be respectful and considerate.  people do that.  if i were sitting on the kitchen floor and i expressed my view, as i thought everyone else was, and someone said to me you are off topic, this kitchen floor is only for things pertaining to this kitchen, then i would say, do you own this kitchen floor? and if it is so, then i would get up and go outside and sit on the ground.
you get a free six-month membership when you buy bowers & wilkins headphones/earbuds. my membership recently expired. i discovered some great music via society of sound. need to re-up.
@iain, great link to society of sound. i had forgotten them, they do some good freebies for the curious.
not off subject b/c it shores up our pono! http://m.maoridictionary.co.nz/search…
@dana the voice of reason! @irvin thank you! @everyone wouldn't it be fun to have our own listening party! this is getting to be more fun everyday! i've figured out how to change avatars! ;-) check out @pono twitter feed, a few reviews! and this from fb! mike watson shared a link. thursday at 7:30pm near hamilton, new zealand ·  kōrero pono 1. (verb) (-hia,-ngia,-tia) to tell the truth, be honest, be truthful, speak the truth. quite appropriate really. pono. do what is right ;-)
@ian thanks for the info & insight, i will check it out.  i do look forward to seeing if there is a difference with the pono player.  this is one of the books i had in mind.  http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/asin/1585421464/braipick-20
@irvin, thanks for the report - most of us were never in doubt about the quality of the pono but it's great to hear about a real listening experience.
great to hear about the listening session last night. hope we get the same in other locations.
@chikinhed talking books and the like.... something that has not been discussed so far are binaural recordings. made using a 'dummy head', which is exactly what it says it is - a false head made from materials acoustically similar to your own and with a microphone in each ear. is a recording technique that can give the best possible representation, but only really works when played back with headphones. the bbc did some plays using the technique some years ago. they were stunning, you don't get that 'in the middle of your head' sensation so much, and placement of voices or instruments is very accurate, as is the venue acoustic, you sort of know where the walls are more. some headphone amps have a cross feed function which is not the same or as a good but can also reduce the middle of head feeling. not sure if we all know that bowers and wilkins are a source of hi res recordings with their society of sound and do some binaural stuff too. again, not been mentioned here. you subscribe for a year and then download 2 albums every month. annual subsricption is £35/$55 or something like that. all depends whether you like their roster... includes tubular bells. peter gabriel is involved and you can sign up for a trial. not sure how it all works outside the uk. i got some good stuff from there. well, i liked it anyway. three cane whale album holts and hovers is unusual - a trio that go to different locations and record there - top of a hill in a ruin, very atmospheric. is 24/48 i think? http://www.bowers-wilkins.co.uk/society_of_sound/society_of_sound/music/subscribe.html
improvisation is creative spirit pouring out from the formless into existence like a new rain creating a wash of pools, streams & rivers going where they've not been before.  a moment in time, it moves me.  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@ christmachine thanks for the shared congrats for us. has been quite a ride so far and more work to do yet, but is looking good. the things you suggest are in plan. will say no more than that for now...
@kinch. yep, is a nice piece alright. thanks to @robert for alerting us to it. picked up a copy of live at cow palace double album on vinyl yesterday, off for a cup of coffee to listen to that and read the mojo article...  bon voyages..
sitting in birmingham airport and luckily picked up the only copy left of mojo (september 2014 edition no less), complete with free/sampler csny live 1974 songs x 5 and video x 1 (our house).  the 14 page article is superb, a great mini history of an amazing getting-together of heroic guys and their musical and life travels. the music is a bonus (hopefully the full album will make it as part of the pono delivery). the article is superb: a portion of the evolution of a phenomenal group of people. get a copy of you can. it deserves a place in your library.
congrats pono on the store, looking forward to the players when they arrive! just wanted to share this link for you all, which is a campaign started by a relative of mine recently. if you are a photographer this might be useful to you. hope you can support! thanks https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2101747734/bouncelite-the-revolutionary-flash-diffuser
here's the full article/interview from the september sound & vision. would have posted to ponopeople but can't post links as i haven't posted there before. if someone would like to post the links there feel free to do so. http://i975.photobucket.com/albums/ae233/bis_cuit/page1.jpg http://i975.photobucket.com/albums/ae233/bis_cuit/page2.jpg http://i975.photobucket.com/albums/ae233/bis_cuit/page3.jpg http://i975.photobucket.com/albums/ae233/bis_cuit/page4.jpg
john, thanks for those links.  i picked up 'chimes of freedom' the first weekend it was available in town.  72 different artists/bands each interpreting a different dylan tune!   even myley cyrus pulls it off with 'you're gonna make me lonesome when you go'.  who knew?  just now listening to the soundtrack to 'masked and anonymous'.  how about articolo 31 doing 'like a rolling stone'.        https://m.youtube.com/watch…
first congratulations to  kyle, eduard, rich, and ian...i am so happy for you guys, you did it and well done! can't wait for the new forums...i hope i or someone can start a hard rock / punk / metal thread where we can talk about obnoxious music 24 hours a day! i'm also prepared to incorporate a lot of reviews of pono music and the player! very stoked. peace and love, peace and love! xd kyle, killer new avatar, best on the forum!
houston to irvin....please commence communications...we are waiting here back on earth. how intuitive was the ui?  did it look "flash" or fail?  was the pono hooked up to an amp and speakers for demo and how did that sound?  glad to hear that it powered some power hungry headphones, that's really good news!
@irv does pono show on display, playback resolution. ie: 192/24, 96/24, etc.
@irv. shuffle play?
ya man, dylan's awesome.
irvin, did everyone else there seem as blown away as you seem to be? what were their reactions? also, was it pretty easy to use? very cool for you!
siltech, forever young is on of my favorite dylan songs. i finally got to see him live last year as part of the americanarama tour. it was bob weir opeing up with an acoustic set in the first few cities, my morning jacket, wilco, and bob headlining. i saw the general admission nashville show last june 30th. my brother and i got as close as the 6th or 7th row by the time dylan hit the stage.
wow, @irvin! sounds fantastic. thanks for sharing your experience.
@irvin. awesome for you!!! great feedback!!  what tracks did you get to listen to?  so pumped for oct and dec.
@irvin owens jr what speakers were connected, what amp and pre, or integrated amp, and cable brand used?
@john open up, push play, and enjoy.http://grooveshark.com/#!/now_playing/forever+young/4ncqdo
just back from the sf pono listening party.  i am blown away by the quality of the audio on that device.  they even had planar magnetic headphones and it handled them with ease. i am completely spoiled, and can't listen to my smartphone anymore, even with hdtracks content.  december can't come fast enough.  mad kudos to the pono team for arranging the listening party! it is the real deal, everything was solid and we were able to change tracks, use our own cans, etc... i used my grado 225i headphones and i didn't even know they could sound like that.  whoa, i am still reeling :-)
jim, i went on youtube to check out some of that album from barb jungr. i liked not dark yet. it's super mellow. here's the link. http://youtu.be/pabksjf1rae since you like bob dylan, i thought you might like a couple of the dylan songs my morning jacket have done on tribute/benefit albums. here's you're a big girl now from the album, "chimes of freedom: songs of bob dylan honoring 50 years of amnesty international - a charity compilation album featuring new recordings of compositions by bob dylan by multiple artists, released on january 24, 2012. proceeds from the album will be donated to the human rights organization amnesty international." here's the link. http://youtu.be/vzdmwkv0jdg i really like this version of goin' to acapulco by jim james & calexico from the original soundtrack of the movie i'm not there. here's the link. http://youtu.be/r45yxcxua3i
@dana gibson  the report is in the, eat a bug.
a twinkle in neil's eye.   from the review it sounds like the pono he was listening to has hit it out of the park and i'm sure there have been a couple of revisions since that listen.  i posted a day ago about listening to barb jungr's 'every grain of sand'.  it's an album of bob dylan covers that re-interprets the originals in levels of brilliance that startle me even tho i've been listening to those tunes for 50 years.   i have the sacd but listen to it on a ratty old cdplayer and the sound still jumps out of the wee speakers.   it's a linn recording using dsd technology and i can't wait to rip it and listen to it thru my pono, especially after reading that review.   whoever has ever loved the bob, please do yourself a treat and track down that disc.
david, thanks for posting that sound and vision review.   made me think of early days on this site when so many were second guessing the old pono while it was still a twinkle
so i wonder who from ponomusic was at the listening party. where's a report.....it's been ten minutes since it ended.
@chikinhed when i do i will post it... my computer is locked up at the moment. lol! don't worry. i will make this happen. might be tomorrow though.
3107419542
los angeles peeps want to see echo and bunny men  tonight? i have a spare ticket
@kyle when you get to the first comment ever posted, is it possible to repost it :)
i like to listen to books more than read them, especially when i am traveling.  and especially when the author is reading it to me...telling me his story!  no one can tell your their story better than they can, with the inflections, tone and feel.  so i wonder what books would sound like on the pono players if they were recorded in (192/24)  it could be an interesting experience, especially if it sounded like the reader was sitting in front of you or beside you on a couch, or maybe like what it would sound like if the reader was standing walking or pacing in the room from left to right and turning his head away as he/she talked.  the detail of a recording like that could introduce some interesting dynamics that could better reflect the spirit of the story being told!!!
thanks, @tjc. very kind. i have a job that means i'm online all day, and i poke my head in here several times a day between projects.  :-)
@david thanks for posting the review!
btw, i'm only to april 8th and it's already a 1,569 page file.   this is gonna take some patience.
as posted in the updates comments section @creator would also support the boogie as moderator for pono have no use for some of the ones you picked boogie answers almost everyone who posts now seems like she spends all day and night on the website and for a kid actually likes some good music
well... here i am, doing the good work of the pono people, for the pono people, listening to neil on my 'wallpaper player' (ipod), drinking a glass of whiskey... and trying to funnel all of the kickstarter comments into one single searchable file so that we can have a record of it all. preserving this comment section is crucial as a historical piece of pono's community. and on a friday night no less. can't wait to hear some of the stories from tonight. @o'b thanks for the congrats. hope to please you all with the new place. @david thanks for the mm article, been waiting for that thing for the past 4 weeks. since he teased us on twitter with a post of him holding the little yellow triangle of pure musical glory. hope everyone's having a good night. be pono.
what is funny/interesting to me is i did not remember when @mob said it...back in the day!   when i wrote about it this morning, i was remembering yesterday when @lisa made the statement  "@peter funny! @o'b & everyone this still seems like we are all just sitting around the kitchen floor discussing all things pono!"  it clicked with me and i wrote "i like the kitchen floor" along with a cumbia vid i posted.  but what i find way cool about it is, the spirit of it and how it just floats hear and there and brings joy to folks...if nothing more than a head shake and a smirksmile :)
i know. want to know how it's going!
listening party on now. jealous.....
cool photo, too. thanks for sharing. so. is it october yet?
was trying to post the desire zappa sign, got mm again... i'll stop now! black is on.
from mm's twitter! https://mobile.twitter.com/mikemettler/media/grid… listening to pj alive ;-)
https://mobile.twitter.com/mikemettler/media/grid… the picture says it all.
happy birthday jerry garcia!
looks like the hd-650's i purchased based on you guys recommending them may have been spot on! i've been enjoying them daily and it sounds like it's going to get even better in october!! great article with some suggested listening material to purchase when the store opens.
excellent review! and a major magazine. fantastic start.
great review by mm! we hear 'it'!
and i can't wait for the edit feature - thanks @lisa, @rich, @o'boogie
result! thanks folks. the kitchen floor and the bar, sound like great places to hang out.
ok guys! here you go, found it! @mobius gets the credit! this reminds me of a party that has grown out of a chance encounter, the one where you find a group of people sitting uncomfortably in some tiny room or the kitchen floor. those moments in the party were the best ones. the location may be imperfect but the ambiance is working. someone may well say that everyone should move to a better room but sometimes it must be noted that as soon as you shift to a new location everything changes. there are new influences, things change. personally i am happy here on the floor of the kitchen, and i am willing to wait until the bar opens up over at ponomusic before i shift. jun 9 2014 on pono music - where your soul rediscovers music. this was from @mobius! resonates with everyone because it is so pono. @rich i always wondered why the trainer !
hahahaha, mobius! indeed.
hahahaha, mobius! indeed.
the trainer: my daughter was 12 (8 years ago) and i saw this pair of trainers that i was sure she would like, but couldn't buy. have you ever dared to buy anything for a teenage girl without her? so i grabbed my nokia and decided to photograph it and ask her if she wanted them. she loved the (then) innovative concept of photo-long distance-shopping. she still does..... ooof :)  and this is the photo. a kick-started idea :)
@daviddunn. fantastic read of the review in sound and vision. it's stuff like that, that has me so glad i chose to back this device and store. sounds like we are all in for a treat when they show up in oct and dec. this write up coming from "golden ears" professional is big time for pono. we are hours away from the sf listening session where the lucky 50 get exposed to pono.
@daviddunn. fantastic read of the review in sound and vision. it's stuff like that, that has me so glad i chose to back this device and store. sounds like we are all in for a treat when they show up in oct and dec. this write up coming from "golden ears" professional is big time for pono. we are hours away from the sf listening session where the lucky 50 get exposed to pono.
i've just been scrolling back (9th june) all the way to prove to myself ( worried for a second ). it was like a flip book animation of o'boogie's face and a trainer, but ah the memories.
it doesn't matter.... credit to all 3 of you.... 'specially the engine
@lisa! i totally remember! good times. also, mobius, whoops? where have you been? good to see you!
@mobius you are funny! @o'b remember when @allison said you and mom should get a room?!! that was funny!
... but it was me ;-}>
the next thing people will say is 'it doesn't matter who it was'
hi guys! it was not i that first thought of the kitchen floor! it might have been carlos, a long while back when we all debated moving and decided we liked it here, on the kitchen floor, best! anyway, i will always have a soft spot in my heart for these pono beginnings. all the conversations, the ideas, the links, likes, and lists! i remember one night sitting up with jim while he and i listed every good artist, album we could think of to list in the comments! i always look forward to checking in to see what's happening with our pono and also contributing when i can. looked at ponopeople again last night, it just is not the same. though life goes on and we adapt! @david thanks for the link, can't wait to check that out, i have been trying to find it! i got the 650's because mike was using them with pono. they are totally awesome! @rich i think we would all be honored if the new place has a spot called the kitchen floor and it is being named so because a group of the original pono backers sat around there and dreamed about the pono future! and we can go ahead and mess it up sometimes. that's  the fun part! congrats to the mods!
i leave for a day and i come back to jolly chaos. did someone mention the kitchen floor? that was me wasn't it? wasn't it me? i feel so delighted at hearing that the kitchen floor might be used that feel compelled to claim it.... i'm sure it was me... it was... it was me wasn't it? go on use it...
so @lisa  can we use your kitchen floor please? we won't make any more mess than up to now... :)
oh, yes! that was @lisa. and you were carlos then. and you thought it sounded right! well done, lisa!
@chikinhed  is right. was lisa. fair play.
hey guys, the kitchen floor comment came from @lisa…it just resonated with me immediately…i didn't have to think about it!  so i echoed it.  i am good with most anything…so long as it represents the spirit of pono/righteousness and everyones creativity :)
oh, i get it. i was commenting as my mom at the very beginning before we both ended up getting a pono. (she originally got one for me then decided to get a willie nelson le for herself.)
in the picture for ian k the other bloke is a statue. i leave it up to imagination as to which is which...
yep. was attending to the other one and forgot to log out. as explained previously i had to have two because i wanted a t shirt for this campaign and another reward for the moondog one. mea culpa.
was that the wrong user id, ian?
oops...
@david, thanks for the link! glad to hear the kitchen floor idea by ch will be carried over to the new forums. cool.
@david thanks for the link. really great to hear that pono can drive the big sennheisers and sounds so good. bodes very well for october. @rich @chikinhed. yep...
@chikinhed love the idea of "the kitchen floor" as a comments style, continuous chat. with your agreement, will set that up on the ponomusic site, for when it launches.
for anyone that has not see it, sound & vision had an exclusive listening session and report back in their september issue. their review can be read here: http://i975.photobucket.com/albums/ae233/bis_cuit/pono.jpg
happy birthday, jerry! hi, @kyle. congrats on your moderating gig. :-)
@dangerousdave  *honk happy birthday jerry!
havent been posting on here much since kickstarter ended, but have been sporadically reading the posts. been too much money going out and having to get max back in, so work is the priority! looking forward to the feedback of the pono posters and the ponos themselves. especially looking forward to the clear and horse ponos though...... anyone on here going to bridge school at mountain view? looking for best travel links from san francisco on the day. all the best guys.
people go to forums and boards for a number of reasons i suppose.  they may or may not be here for the reasons you mention @allison…i may suspect it, as you do, but i don't know that it is so.  i have not seen any data to support it one way or another.  actually, i have never researched it.  life is fluid, one may start out specifically searching for specific tech advice and find themselves in a different topic that in all reality had nothing to do with the search, but nonetheless serves you…or the other way around.  to me that is part of the magic of life in existence!  to me trying to know why people come to or not come to the pono board…or any board is like trying to understand the meaning of a song written by someone else.  sometimes i would rather just enjoy listening to it, and see what it means to me.
i hope so, too, allison. i'm looking forward to the store. a lot! llp
i will be on the new forum because of the store. i know it will not be open for music right now but there will be information there i hope. i think more people think that.
sponsors? do you mean backers? a lot of backers won't participate simply because they don't do message boards/forums. i don't think that will change because of new forums.
@chikinhead, nicely put but i am sure at lot of sponsors do not enter here because of the lack of real to the point discussion. i am sure we will have a lot more sponsors on the new forum.
what i like about the comments section here on pono kickstarter, is the lack of segregation, and the self driven, self correcting, spontaneous, non-planed, creative nature of the conversation.  as someone put it "the kitchen floor"  actually that is a great name for the main thread!  i know of only one incident where the pono police came out, and they did nothing more than echo the thoughts of what was already present and actually self correcting.  if it was my gig, i would have the exact same single thread, with added searching features that would allow you to draw up separate windows that give you segregated/topic specific threads that in fact are simultaneously in the main thread.  i like to see the various points of view, even many of the ones i do not agree with.  why???  because i know that if i where you...with your life experiences...and your level of consciousness, then i would see, feel, think and do exactly as you do....not as i wish, expect, or project that you do.  this knowing creates a space for me to read/listen.  the open thread as it is also gives me the opportunity to experience much of it without to much thought.  thinking to much is a killer in my world, i live quickly, in the moment, spontaneously, creatively.  i see this life maze mostly from above it, not always down in a category or hallway.  but i also know that in order to survive...or thrive one must adapt, or change the situation.  at the end....it all boils down to intention!  so i look forward to seeing the intentions become manifest in whatever form they present themselves in, and like the song says.... you can go for this.....or you can go for that   no matter where you go....is really where your at   you can go for hope....or you can go for nope   it's your ride, it's your dope...don't get caught up in the rope   so smile, cry and wonder why....scream, dream and be extreme    sit still and know your will...you will do what you do.... and that's whats real!
honk if you love jerry!!
@neil young,  this has you're dreams hardwired to history ... enjoy ;)   https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2030001355/locomotive-audio-handmade-analog-audio-recording-e…
i kind of like this linear board format.  i've found myself more engaged because it switches topics quickly and is filled with both tech info and silly nonsense.  i appreciate both.  i always find it rather sad when someone posts a new topic under some category and no one responds...poor lonely soul.  here, it's just folded in but rest assured, everyone has read it.
just checked ponopeople and there are new posts everywhere.  ironic.
to me, what makes this linear blog interesting, is the direct connection and response by those who are part of the pono project.  ponopeople didn't have that going for it, so it felt a bit disconnected and i think that is why it wasn't as successful. if the pono creators hang out in the new forum, it should be just as engaging as this comment area.
i know i talk/post about my morning jacket much of my time on here, and i know it may get tedious and tiresome to most. however, i thought i'd share how their forum is set up (i'm sure most on here have similar experiences with their own favorite forums). the mmj forum is split up into 2 main sections. the 1st one has sub-sections devoted to the the actual band and all things related:  section 1 - the band section 2 - the music section 3 - the shows section 4 - the tapings (they allow fans to record and trade tapes of shows they have made, like the grateful dead used to, and they have recently started selling selected shows taken directly from soundboard recordings that are made available at nugs.net.) the 2nd section is devoted to "off-topic" stuff and has 2 sub-sections: section 1 - other music section 2 - off-topic ramblings (this is where you can talk/post about anything, even things that some may deem as inappropriate.) i guess pono could set up something similar. they could have 3, 4, 5, or 6 sections related to pono stuff: section 1 - pono music player section 2 - pono music store section 3 - pono accessories off-topic section: section 1 - music discussions section 2 - off-topic ramblings under each section, members could start their own threads that could range from technical issues with the player to who your favorite female vocalist is, to why you hate mondays. (i know this is pretty general and basic, but i thought i'd share my thoughts and experiences with the only forum i have been a member of, other than this here pono comments section, "brought to you by kickstarter".
@dan, noise? i can't imagine what you mean. ;-) i hope they don't make too many different areas within the forums. it can seem overwhelming, and some people just won't bother.
this is more of an asynchronous chat room than a forum. a forum usually has multiple rooms so the discussion volume is spread out over a wider area and would feel less busy unless there are a lot of participants. this feels busy due to the linear nature but the signal to noise can be pretty high at times. :)
@mom, all so true. you are spot on, as usual. i hope the new forums are even half as busy as this place. xx i'm listening to don't let it be a dream by the late, great bluesman michael burks. what a beautiful song.
@larry, no disrespect to the ponopeople site but if it worked why does almost everyone post here?  like o'b, i signed up for ponopeople and looked occasionally and found very little of interest.  here there has been lots of interesting people and topics.  even the ponopeople founders and moderators are often found living here. the lack of a search capability is a pain, as is the inability to edit.  other than that, i think you get more of a community feel in this format. if they migrate well and i hope they do, this community will flourish. llp!
fingers crossed. i'm right there with you, larry!
the pono i snagged is a csny also. missed the ny by seconds. later the nych came out, but simply didn't want to risk trying the 'switch'. i originally assumed déjà vu had to be one of the included albums, and still do, but now that the '74 concert albums (i still call them albums..) are out, i'd like find that pre-installed.....*sigh*..
that's ok. i'm accused of being aggressive occasionally. :-) i understand the lack of searching capabilities being a pain. maybe they will add a kickstarter forum and transfer this stuff, as you suggested. but with 12,000+, i'm not sure that will be easy or even possible. who knows? we shall see. mom and i are both involved, yes. she got a willie nelson le, and i got a csny le. we're both very excited and looking forward to october! llp!
sorry, ob, i certainly didn't mean to come off aggressive- it's nowhere near my style. or sorry to your mom - very cool two generations are involved. i also got momentarily confused between mom and mom.......usually don't use caps but i do get exasperated with a running blog format. to find some comment about gear or an interesting link involves endless scrolling. in fact, that would be a good organized topic of itself: just links to pono articles, reviews, press, etc... (hear that, big four?)
@larry, i'm not insulting pono people. kyle did a great job; but the fact is that it never took off. i joined. i checked in. nothin'. it just wasn't a direct link to pono music like the new forums will be. it's really ok, i promise. it'll all be fine. promise. also, my mom is fully entitled to her opinion. she's pretty damn wonderful, so no need to be aggressive. take care, larry! :-)
i hope they at least have a 'kickstarter' topic and they dump these comments there, with the ability to search. there are some previous comments here i would like to find again...(hear that, big four?)
well, as part of the official part of ponomusic, the  format is far better by being broken up into topics. as far as 'never really took off', i always check it out, it is the only effort to make an organized page, and i give my regards to those that made the effort to build it. if it has a slow start, well, probably because it was so early, and there is simply less to say on-topic till the pono is actually out there.
hi, mom! i think it is fun, too. @larry, pono people never really took off. i look forward to the actual forums on pono music. i'm sure it will be a fun place. @lisa, @mom, thank you. you guys are lovely. :-) xx
you cant find anything. there have been some terrific technical discussions, which can't be searched. an organized page, by topic, searchable, is what is needed, like ponopeople. otherwise you have to scroll through all kinds of stuff, off-topic, crybaby wounded feelings, etc.
i like the free-running blog format.
congratulations on the four. i like the organization of ponopeople, versus this free-running blog format.
or is it cumbia... https://www.youtube.com/watch… i love the kitchen floor :)
@lisa, i agree, o'b would be an excellent moderator.
@peter funny! @o'b & everyone this still seems like we are all just sitting around the kitchen floor discussing all things pono! i will miss checking in to read the comments. o'b, i think you would make an excellent moderator! you have contributed as much if not more than many! still working on the aretha 'queen of soul'! got 2 of the 4 and the burner died!
one kumbaya comin up!!!  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@ob editing is sorely needed here i fear.
rick, i hope your correct, an kumbya.
@ob. maybe it was a good thing i wasn't following during those combative times. let's all sing kumbya and give peace a chance in the new world! @stiltech. everything i've read from the pono team reads that the ponomusic site will be ready for sure by october, if not before then.  i'm hoping it's sooner than october myself.
hopefully the transition will be in 2014.
i don't think they know. they said soon. *shrug*
maybe the four know....but i'm sure they can't tell us....
so...does anyone know exactly when we will transition over to the pono site?
@ian so you got to meet neil! lucky! @chikinhed farm aid looks really good! @kyle @ian @rich @eduard thank you for moderating for us...onward pono ;-)
sleep tight all.
brian, i disrespectfully disagree:-) there will be plenty of time and space for argument in the new forums, and no doubt plenty to argue about re hardware and music.
no, not on. good grief. :-)
@brian, there will be on mindless agreement from this corner! but then you know that by now. ;-) @dana, good point! looking forward to the store, too. @jdc, cheers. :-)
time to celebrate :)  although i wonder where that strat wound up!  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@o'b & @rick, being able to edit will be great :) splitting discussions by topic may help stop accusations of being off-topic (almost everyone has been guilty, some have chosen to be nasty when it suited them). i can see the logic of pono piggybacking ponopeople, it fits with the business logic of pono to date.  good luck to all but three of the moderators need to up their game. @kinch, this is a forum, mindless agreement is never good. llp!
well said dana. the more competition the better, price wise and quality wise. hd-tracks and qobuz for instance have had a few offers going lately.  the more the merrier.
good old o'boogie, i knew you'd see the funny side:-)
i don't think the four will screw the ponomusic forum up too much. and if they do they can be replaced. the ponomusic store is much more important. i'm just hoping that there will be lots of  hi-res music to choose from, it can be searched easily, be from varied genres and be affordable.
@kinch, honestly? that is really quite funny coming from you. ;-) @peter, me, too. editing will be one of my favorite parts. and searches! :-)
congrats to all new moderators. i really look forward to moving this community over to pono
guys, decisions have to be made to move things along. people who have made a positive contribution here, and people who showed the commitment to get ponopeople.com up and running have been asked to help in the new forum. why not be positive and wish them well? let's leave the sniping behind and get into the pono spirit.
that said, i look forward to being able to edit typos! :-) llp
@ the update is bs. o'b i agree with you.
but, not but
@rick, no offense, bit you have not been witness to some of the genuine ugliness on here from three of the four moderators. it's not always been pretty. but there you go. it is what it is.
go, team pono! go!!! pono! pono! pono!
congrats everyone involved with the new ponomusic store and forum!!  exciting times, and i believe with a forum, its a different feel than comments on a blog format that is done here.  topics can be segregated into areas and no topic is off topic.  i'm not worried about the moderators doing a good job!  with the meet tomorrow, and the store coming very soon, we pono backers have lots to enjoy and look forward to in the near future!
@o'b, i do hope the behaviour changes and that pono goes for female moderators too. on the bright side, farm aid seems like a great gig.
@o'b the farm aid show is going to be killer.  i have considered flying in for the show.  i really like what jack white is doing with the muse right now and it would be great to see willie and ny again!
@mom, i tend to agree. save for kyle, who has never been anything but courteous, the other three haven't been model citizens. also, no female moderators? please note: i don't think it should be me. but there are other active females here. how depressing.
its been a fun ride.  thank you all for being pono with me.  can't wait to see what happens next.
the latest update is the most disappointing one for me.  i do hope the behaviour of the moderators themselves begins to improve (except for kyle).  guys - please behave to the standards you and the pono staff set - something which has not been the case on this forum to date.
the latest update is the most disappointing one for me.  i do hope the behaviour of the moderators themselves begins to improve (except for kyle).  guys - please behave to the standards you and the pono staff set - something which has not been the case on this forum to date.
congratulations guys on the new pono forum & store to come!
i'd love to go to that farm aid. what a show!
nice blue mcintosh db watt meter.     ( dangerousdave )
ponoponopono raleigh, north carolina saturday sept 13th. farm aid 2014 willie nelson & family, neil young, john mellencamp, dave matthews & tim reynolds, jack white and many more artists. visit http://farmaid.org tickets on sale friday, august 1, at 10 a.m. edt. sure wish i could go...
am having a craft moment... can't remember who it was who recommended this month's mojo magazine with the csn&y cd on the cover. @robert i think? anyhow, just picked a copy up. is 5 tracks fem 1974, live in concert: 1. almost cut my hair 2. change partners 3. pre-road downs 4. only love can break your heart 5. carry me and a video of our house and a 14 page special on the band and its history in the magazine. have not read that. but only love can break your heart on as i write. sounds ok to me... they do sound young though, was 40 years ago. so, thanks of that @robert, think i am sure 'twas he.
i was just thinking about an example. i was on another kickstarter for a reward that was supposed to ship in may. it's now august eve, and they are just today shipping. i was getting irritated, then i realized that the estimated delivery times really are just that—an estimate. that said, i want my pono asap! roll on october! llp
@bryan, i'd say the best bet is not to count on a kickstarter reward as a gift if you need it by a certain date. there are always delays, and they give estimated delivery dates for a reason. they can't guarantee delivery by an particular date. i hope you get your poster very soon! i'm sure your dad will love it, even if it is quite late. :-)
@tmh the martin logan's list for around 300. they are being sold for a huge discount.
@bryan hamill  updates are your friend, check out update 37......you will find: first off, apologies for the delays in getting you your rewards. per our recent july update, t-shirts and stickers were already shipped out. (when you get your shirt, make sure to wear it around town with the pono logo across your chest!) we are shipping posters this week, as neil was on tour and we were faced with delays. we appreciate your patience and continued support. for making you wait a little longer, we thought we could share a video you might get a kick out of.
@ian kendrick  thanks.  so they've already been shipped?  i thought the rest were going out by mid-july?    only reason i ask is because i thought we were getting them in june and was going to give it to my dad as a father's day present.  we're now approaching august.  i wouldn't have chosen this reward if i knew it would take so long
@bryan some people have received their posters already, so they are on their way out to everyone. and we know that neil has signed lots of them in london. @redwood @blair feels like things have changed with the recent updates and progress. feels like catch up is happening - the listening session in sf tomorrow is evidence of that, in part.
any update on when the signed posters are going out?  thought i would have received one by now
@ blair reeve short answer – no. long answer - here's a summary of what we know so far: john hamm in his axpona talk on 29th april advised that the website for public pre-orders would be live from 1st june – didn't happen. @ creator in pono update #31 on 30th may advised backers that their data was being frozen on kickstarter and that accounts using the information would be created on the ponomusic store 'in the next 2-3 weeks', i.e., before the end of june – didn't happen. @ creator in pono update #33 on 1st july advised backers that the ponomusic store for pre-orders would be live from 'mid-july' and backer accounts were 'being created' – not completed yet. one hopes that there have been strategic reasons for this series of  postponements, rather than programming problems. this may be revealed in the fullness of time. @ erast fandorin has speculated that the updated ponomusic store pages will 'go live' to coincide with the listening party for the 50 backers at the pono office on 1st august. let's hope he's correct – or that we will get an announcement of the launch date, at least. our forthcoming 'pono social page' moderators (kyle, ian, rich, eduard) will doubtless be kept informed re this timing but will have to maintain confidentiality till the official announcement. so – fingers crossed, stay patient, and hope that it won't be too much longer to wait. there's nothing else we can do, except stay positive!
can anyone update me on the latest as to why our accounts on the pono site don't seem to exist yet, nor our names listed as backers?
ignore my ignore, something weird going on here!
please ignore last post, for some reason the browser swapped between my earin and my pono pages!!
peter rustin call me an elitist, but having worshipped (and never been able to afford) martin logan gear from a very young age, i just cant get my head around martin logan charging $90 for anything. i just feel they must have dumbed down the brand or realised there is more money in licencing the brand than making quality stuff anymore. i felt the same when a friend turned up in a subaru with a macintosh sound system. i could be wrong, they may sound fantastic and live up to the name and the heritage, but i just dont believe they could
your
@sean f i hear you. i think if you headphones response, is flat, and headphone amp is good. also good source player, and recorded material, and good cables. now you shouldn't need eq. if i buy bad recordings, i won't play them at home. i may play them in the car, or they collect dust. sean, if you have pono, then all you need is good headphones. go flat
@larry the on ear momentums are great. martin logan mikros 90 also stellar. 90 bucks newegg
siltech, it is true what you say...but a big variable will be one's headphones.  that's like an equaliser and compressor all in one.  an eq might be good for that purpose for some.  i know i've got a few pair that could benefit (so many headphones and each one with it's own personality).  some for home use, some for neutral monitoring, some for "i don't care if these get stolen", one for physically active times.  you get the drift. of course the ability to shut an eq off is mandatory.
flat, as it was done in studio. all eq does is add or remove from deficiencies, in ones system. also, it adds all kinds of distortions. like 99% of all mid to high end pre-amps. ( they have no eq, or tone controls).
eq i suppose would be good to offer, but i prefer to hear it flat, just as designed.
just got my 2tb drive which i plan on using exclusively for hi-res audio files, along with ny's 'a letter home'. also already bought a 24/192 album from hdtracks, which i won't listen to until i download into pono and listen to on my-yet-to-buy momentums or rbh buds. damn, october is too far away!  i would like to hear all feedback on the listening party, especially any headphone feedback.
i have a ticket to the listening event in sf on august 1st. highest bidder gets it? haha
yes, big long reviews please?!? i'd love to know what you think of the ui. go through all the menus, and see how intuitive it is.  does it contain any features such as eq or eq profiles?  does it have minesweep? how are the graphics?  how does the touch display handle in comparison to your phone. lastly, will it survive that 3 foot drop that they've been working on?  this last request...only if you dare.  :)
no, give us as long of a feedback as you can!!!!  helps us live through your experience to get is through until we get our hands on them!!  if you feel you would like to write up a review in the length of a professional, all the better :). so count me on the side of verbose is the most!!
@ed @ian yes, i'm anxious to hear, but i don't want to hear too much because i will feel insanely jealous. ;-)  three months is a long old time to wait. ian, yes, i am hoping for some headphone news, too. exciting times!
@o'b @ed i'm keen to hear feedback (not the negative kind) about how the player sounds with different headphones and that listeners take their own with them as well as the ones at the event. and to hear how it all sounds compared with other hi res players. and yeah, wish i could be there. is rather a long way from liverpool... 5,173 miles according to mr google.
@ob yes, hopefully they will share with us, but i hope they keep it short, it is painful to think they heard, felt and saw it and us folks have to wait another 3 months at least
just caught up on the last day of posts.   good on all who got on board the rainforest ride.  especially ed, rich, ian and kyle!    the way this pono crowd stepped up reminds me of the old saw about 'you tell 10 people and each of them tell 10 people...'.             and also of margaret mead's wise observation to  'never underestimate the power of a small group of committed people to change the world.  in fact it is the only thing that ever has.' chikinhed.  read your reference to a grain of sand as i was listening to barb jungr's 'every grain of sand' on linn.    brilliant!
interesting experiment going on at avsforum regarding high res audio.  i really like the fact that they are separating those who have systems that can reproduce frequencies outside the 20-20khz from those that cant, and the results are very interesting.  download the files yourself and try it!  i will as well. http://www.avsforum.com/forum/91-audio-theory-setup-chat/1620698-avs-aix-high-resolution-audio-test-results-so-far.html
thanks @larry berg & @redwood for the info   :)
did anyone who comments here regularly get in to the listening party for friday? can't wait to hear their thoughts. very exciting! llp
god! so off-topic. kidding! good job, guys. your enthusiasm is infectious—i'm sure that's why others pitched in. good luck with your raffle of the le player. hope it raises lots of $$$. llp!
@chikinhed. we're working on some ideas.... want to do as much as we can, so thinking of options.
i am sure the little red headed people don't care what you call it, as long as it stops the chainsaws from pushing them into extinction....everything wants to live!  they smile real pretty too :)  http://boisesdaydream.blogspot.com/2013_05_01_archive.html
yup siltech 'swatised' :)
potato head
@chikinhed @ed we could call it: "potato 'ed" :)
@ed  hey if someone can raise $50,000+ for a potato salad on ks, then i sure you guys can do likewise with a autographed rfc pono player :) https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/324283889/potato-salad…
@ed  it is way cool...the way you guys got together and pulled it off for rfc.  an idea, wonder if you could do a kickstarter campaign (raffle/lottery) for a chance or multiple chances, based on the reward level, for the limited edition rfc!  the money as you mentioned clearly going to rfc and maybe even specifically the indonesian forest protection 1st, as that was the last stretch goal not met.  i am certain that the little red headed people it protects would be elated :)  and maybe if we petition enough folks, neil will personally autograph it and make it super special!  i am certain that whatever you guys do, it will come from the creativity that all the good stuff comes from!  good luck and keep us posted :)
@all rainforest connection seems to represent a lot of what pono spirit is about, above and beyond a shared love for music. is why neil pointed it out here, and i think we are very glad that he did. a few of us (kyle, ian rich and myself), including our friends and families, got together and now have pledged a righteous pack, which includes a pono-player. the reason to do that was for the rainforest protection, rather than for the le player, as we have all pledged for a player already. this all happened very quickly, between monday and the campaign ending yesterday. we also told contacts on other forums about it and some of our contacts pledged in the last few hours of the campaign. we have not figured out how we will do this yet, but we have decided that we would like to use the rainforest connection limited edition player that is part of the reward for the pledge, to generate more funds for rainforest connection. maybe we organize a competition of some kind, or just a simple raffle for the player, not sure yet. whatever we do we need to, and will, do it in a way that is fully transparent so that everyone can see that 100% of any monies we raise goes straight to rainforest connection.
hi all,  been a fair while since i've been here, so many comments since last time, probably too many to back through... but did catch up on the recent rc posts yesterday with a few hours to go and made my pledge to what seems to me to be an extremely worthwhile cause. glad to read that my small contribution helped to make the stretch goal of $165k. thanks to all pono backers whose comments made me aware.
from update #33 from charles himself "99.999% of all amplifiers made in the last 70 years use negative feedback. there is only one thing you have to remember about negative feedback: negative feedback is a very easy way to improve the measured performance of an amplifier. the problem is that it makes it sound worse.... specifically, adding negative feedback will lower the steady-state distortion (test equipment measures steady-state signals, but music is anything but steady-state). it will also extend the bandwidth (frequency response). finally, it will lower the output impedance. all of these things seem like good things, and they are very easy to measure, so everybody uses it. the problem is that negative feedback makes the circuit sound worse. nobody really knows why. my best guess is that it messes up the time response, but nobody has been able to measure it, and there are all kinds of mathematical "proofs" that say this is not the case. negative feedback compares a scaled-down version of the output signal to the input signal. since no amplifier is perfect, there will be differences. the negative feedback pre-distorts the input signal opposite to the distortion that the amplifier creates so that the final output signal is closer to the input signal.it is very clever. the problem is that feedback can only attempt to correct a problem after the damage has been done. one cannot go back in time and fix the signal before it is distorted by the imperfect circuit.here is the best proof that negative feedback does not work:if negative feedback actually worked, then all amplifiers would be perfect, and all amplifiers would sound exactly the same. anybody that has ever listened to amplifiers knows that no two amplifiers sound the same. therefore anybody that has ever listened to amplifiers knows that negative feedback does not work as advertised.with feedback, it is trivially easy to build an amplifier with any arbitrarily low output impedance that you want. it won't sound very good, but it will have very low output impedance.that is why no ayre product ever made has ever used negative feedback. when we started ayre, there were a few companies that made zero-feedback tube preamplifiers and that was about it."
in terms of your second question, a *good* home audio system should be impedance matched to the line (not the headphone) output on the pono, and should be able to take full advantage of the quality of the pono output. same should hold for good headgear plugged into the headphone output...
shelly, may be able to shed a little light, as an ee. hi res, 192 khz sampling, is way beyond what is needed, theoretically, from nyquist theory, to reproduce 20 khz audio. this is rock solid equations. but the d/a output needs to be filtered, to take advantage of nyquist. the filters have amplitude and phase response, across audio frequencies. sampling at 192 khz (versus 44 khz, cd quality, which just meets nyquist criterion of sampling at least 2x the highest frequency to be sampled, or 2x 20 khz) allows much more headroom in the filter, meaning the amplitude and phase response can be 'flat' across audio frequencies. to filter a d/a output to 22 khz (half sampling rate or less) means there will be amplitude (and particularly phase) effects within the audio band of 20 khz. negative feedback also has these effects, and from what i understand the ayre design has no negative feedback (at least nowhere within the audio spectrum), which is an ee challenge also. this is a feature of pono which i think is a bit underrated, or maybe less understood, with a lot of people. these concepts are certainly understood by other mfrs of hi-res portable players, but as i understand it, this ayre design should be significantly better.
@ shelley green neil young is in europe and won't be part of the 1st listening party on friday.  here's the current tour schedule: http://sugarmtn.org/year.php… i can't help you with the technical question, i'm sorry.
congratulations @ian @lisa and everyone for being a part of the rainforest connection project via pono! it's not to late for those that want to put their intention in it!  they have a donate button and anything you give will be used for this great cause. you may feel that your bit is but a grain of sand, but i say have you ever got one in your sandwich, lol.  it will stop you mid bite...and after 2..3 you throw it away. so go with your gut and not your thoughts. be the rain!  be the rain!  yes @lisa :)  even the rain is made of indivdual tiny drops.  and i bet those chainsaws hope like hell it quit raining at the close of the kickstarter campaign. i hope not, especially for those little red headed people that live in the trees of the rainforest of indonesia that the chainsaws are destroying! https://www.youtube.com/watch…
anyone know where neil is right now? touring? wonder if he will be part of the august 1st listening party. too many comments to go back, so throwing out a question: i recall reading that some of the *magic* with the device has to do with unwanted phase distortion from the d/a converters. anyone know more about this and can shed some info here? if this is one of the principal components, then if you are using home system, you need to have an input that is passive and only passes thru, correct?
@rich +1 to that.
still have steely dan ringing in my ears. been listening to countdown to ecstasy a lot since the gig. one of the best gigs i've ever seen. #musicalbliss
well done all those who became a part of that
well done, lisa! glad you became a part of that. xo
@ed @lisa @ian be the rain :)
@lisa, just in case you wondering, ian and i talked on the phone about an hour ago discussing which neil young's song(s) would be good for a name for the piece of forest we donated towards. i sent a link of be the rain  from greendale with the lyrics as well and right after that i saw your post here! http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xhlgg_neil-young-be-the-rain-greendale_music
@ed @lisa there's a synchronicity thing going on right now. resonance..
@ian just read the last two mails i sent you, you will enjoy!
@lisa, yeah.... just chatting on line with some friends and talking about how rc makes you feel good. that you can do something so simple and so direct. from the early days of pono i have been focused on how it is about building a global community based around an ethos. this feels like a real step in that direction. so glad we got  a righteous pack together, together.
so beautiful... https://m.youtube.com/watch…
hi everyone! pledged for the rainforest! so happy to be a part of all of this goodness! @ ian @ chikinhed the rainforest connection kind of 'grows on you' doesn't it?!!! here are the lyrics to neil's mother earth... oh, mother earth,  with your fields of green  once more laid down  by the hungry hand  how long can you  give and not receive  and feed this world  ruled by greed  and feed this world  ruled by greed. oh, ball of fire  in the summer sky  your healing light,  your parade of days  are they betrayed  by the men of power  who hold this world  in their changing hands  they hold the world  in their changing hands. oh, freedom land  can you let this go  down to the streets  where the numbers grow  respect mother earth  and her giving ways  or trade away  our children's days  or trade away  our children's days. respect mother earth  and her giving ways  or trade away  our children's days.
think about this!  there are about 30,000 lions left in the wild in africa. only 350 lions are left in asia. they live in the gir forest in the state of gujarat, india.  take a look at the globe and the size of africa.  hell, prescott az has a greater population of people than the entire continent of africa has lions. http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/lion https://www.google.com/…
@chikinhed  $167k, 6 righteous packs, 2844 backers. is all good. and all part of growing pono network. love. it.
yessss…i just got back!!!!  i see that rainforest hit the stretch goal :)  thank you everyone for participating.  in light of everything that is negative in the world, i am grateful to be a part of stuff that transmutes & transcends it into righteousness….pono ;)
@carlos  another one has gone now, just 5 left. i posted on a few other forums about it and a few friends have pledge in the last 2 hours. think they will make $165k...
wow...i didn't think pono people ever slept
6 pono players left and less than three hrs to go.  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/topherwhite/rainforest-connection-phones-turned-to-forest-guar
i like the idea of naming a section of protected rainforest after a loved one that has passed.
wow, the rainforest connection is close to the 1st stretch goal...actually 5 of the pono rewards would get it there!!! 4 hrs to go!  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/topherwhite/rainforest-connection-phones-turned-to-forest-guar
been thinking about that bright october day. although the album on the pono is going to be superb, is it actually one of the first tracks you would listen to? i may have to wait, load it up and then listen to one particular track as a very first experience. something i know inside out.
@rick canedo....very clearly and precisely stated exactly as it will be. the files that's all up to our man botnick and friends. we're all pono! nice one rick! @ o'b no they don't...hehe/ it feels like home, all warm and fuzzy inside. :)
it's good to know some things never change. hahaha!
@dana gibson go eat a bug.
dana-god forbid you hint at a question or possible concern here! in any event, i've been reading some articles on omnifone, too. with the claimed depth, i hope provenance is assured- i expect  pono to 'vet' this volume before pouring onto ponomusic. i *do* trust ny, however, having followed his music and history since a teenager. this is a great project from several levels- the hardware quality, ny's thrust for this for many years, and the declared promise of a vetted source of master-quality music! i am very optimistic, but i am also not the type to slam rational questions like some people here..
dana...yes, there is definitely a tipping point for the amount of clapton one can handle.  it's when clapton becomes just a smattering of applauseton. :)
@erast hopefully the pre-order page will be ready as well. it's a very good sign that they are confident enough to show what they have now to backers. sorry about saying something positive....i'll think it out more next time.
@rick sorry i don't live up to your standards....oh yeah....i don't have to i call 'em as i see 'em.
@ dana luckily, you'll be able to shop at the ponomusic store & won't need to go near sony unlimited! i predict the new pono website will appear on friday, to coincide with the office listening party taking place. (hopefully there will be a preview of what the 'music sales' area looks like, but who knows? we may have to wait till later in the year for that.) i'm guessing we'll see the player pre-order page + 'social' section + 'thanks' page. although a guy could be wrong.......
@dana your always a breath of fresh air.......i wouldnt worry about what you see on sony music unlimited.  think of omnifone as a big cloud based hard drive that will store whatever you'd like, in however format you'd like.  omnifone can customize their storage with whatever software you want to come up with.  trust me, pono wont look like anything sony has out currently.  your creating more things to worry about, that arent there right now.
just looked at sony music unlimited....also done by omnifone....no provenance...no format choices...a lot of clapton....don't particularly like the way it's set up.
@ ian it seems very 'pono'. well done - i'm glad it's fired your interest. i hope the community-building works out well.
am already in touch with the creators and is going well. have every intention of getting something organised with them. it is the building of a community that has agency that really appeals. i think it could be part of something very significant. proud to be part of it. is genuinely pono i feel.
@ ian that's a pity. perhaps you can contact them directly & see whether you may be able to do a private pledge after campaign closing date (if you can get enough people interested). i don't think there's the same pressure re les as in the pono campaign, seeing as they're a private donation from neil young. worth a punt?
@erast yep, my pledge was on july 10th, same day as #34. i have pledged for a player here so didn't really pick up on the player or look at what was behind it. there is still time though...
@erast   yep, did not fully pick up on that. and what the rest of the righteous pledge entailed. which is, i think, more significant than the player, which in itself is great too. i picked up on the player but not the rest of the pledge. rainforest connection has been an odd one for me, sort of slow burn. i read it and pledged quite quickly and then thought "that's that then", but over time it has been like a meme and taken over head space. and heart space too. so my interest has gone up, especially as i have talked about it and people have got enthusiastic about it, not just here, but in my off line life.
@ ian kendrick i'm slightly puzzled by your remarks wishing for an 'earlier announcement' of the rainbow connection le pono players. these were mentioned in pono update #34 dated 10th july - presumably to try and add some 'push' to the campaign half way through.  did you miss it, until carlos/chikinhed drew our attention to the les again yesterday?
get em!  http://www.rollingstone.com/music/videos/neil-young-teams-with-new-kickstarter-campaign-to-save-the-rainforest-20140728
thompson twins, seriously underrated, i agree.
some 80's flashback goodness!  https://music.yahoo.com/blogs/music-news/here-s-to-future-days--tom-bailey-of-the-thompson-twins-returns-230714846.html
an talk it up like yeah (yeah)….. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@o'b and @brian i fully agree with you (had to happen sooner or later :o)  ). the rainforest connection campaign really appeals to everyone i mention it to, they have all agreed to contribute. we are looking to get a last minute pledge in tomorrow. a sort of grab your hat and roll out of the way as the door comes down. don't think we will be able to find 15 people to put $100 each in at this late stage, but that or some other permutation, would secure a rcle and the rainforest protection that, perhaps more importantly, goes with it. just wish they and announced it earlier - and is a drag the campaign can't be extended.
@kinch @joe  i posted the ec&co j j cale tribute album on a couple of other music forums i am in, a few weeks ago. mixed reaction to it. a lot of people just saying that you can't beat j j's versions so why bother? others saying it was a fitting tribute to the great man. am a huge jj cale fan, have been since i first heard okie when it was new (is one of the album sleeves that is framed in the hall here...), is obvious that ec tried to sound like him, but i don't think he ever could. but as i understand it, he did more or less rescue jj from penury when he released after midnight, apparently jj didn't even know he had done it. funny old world... okie, troubadour and naturally my top 3 jj albums...
@o'b, i could not agree more - the focus is on that cause not any limited edition pono debate.
@kinch that certainly looks to be pono worthy! i hope it shows up in the pono store soon.
who cares if it's rare? everyone going on about the stupid number of their player. quality music is what matters most.
@scott  i guess we will see when it all happens!
http://www.ericclapton.com/eric-clapton-news/eric-clapton-and-friends-unite-honor-jj-cale-legacy-new-release for additional information: www.ericclapton.com the breeze will be available july 29, 2014 album track listing call me the breeze (vocals eric clapton) rock and roll records (vocals eric clapton & tom petty) someday (vocals mark knopfler) lies (vocals john mayer & eric clapton) sensitive kind (vocals don white) cajun moon (vocals eric clapton) magnolia (vocals john mayer) i got the same old blues (vocals tom petty & eric clapton) songbird (vocals willie nelson & eric clapton) since you said goodbye (vocals eric clapton) i’ll be there (if you ever want me) (vocals don white & eric clapton) the old man and me (vocals tom petty) train to nowhere (vocals mark knopfler, don white & eric clapton) starbound (vocals willie nelson) don’t wait (vocals eric clapton & john mayer) crying eyes (vocals eric clapton & christine lakeland) musician credits: keys - hammond organ, piano & wurlitzer walt richmond & simon climie drum programming & percussion simon climie bass nathan east drums jim keltner guitars eric clapton (all tracks) mark knopfler (tracks 3 & 13) john mayer (tracks 4, 7 & 15) willie nelson (tracks 9 & 14) don white (tracks 3, 5 & 13) reggie young (tracks 2, 6 & 8) derek trucks (tracks 14 & 16) albert lee (tracks 1 & 11) david lindley (tracks 9 & 16) don preston (track 3 & 13) christine lakeland (track 3) doyle bramhall ii (track 10) pedal steel guitar greg leisz (track 12 & 14) dobro eric clapton (track 11) harmonica jimmy markham (track 13) mickey raphael (tracks 3, 9 & 14) backing vocals michelle john (tracks 4, 5 & 9) sharon white(tracks 4, 5 & 9) christine lakeland (tracks 13 & 15) simon climie (track 9) additional drums james cruce jim karstein jamie oldaker david teegarden satnam ramgotra (tablas)
when mine shows up in october and it's numbered 994,876,002 of 6,000,000,000 i will be just as elated as the person with the rarest one there is.
the kenny rogers and ptm were both set up to have 500 le units. they only sold 7. these were set up as 10 les originally. anyway, who cares? such a weird thing to focus on when it is raising funds for such an important cause.
why not scott? just not as limited, or exclusive as the rainforest ones. did you get out of the bed on the wrong side this morning?
@chikinhed wrote that (s)he received was told: "only 10 of these players (see image: http://r-f.cx/1qehdke ) will ever be made, making them the most limited, exclusive ponoplayers ever." so the supposedly only 7 portugal the man and 7 kenny rogers le's will be considered not as limited or exclusive?
@chikin...  really positive response from the rainforest connection folk. right now they are only using android phones, but older phones still great for giving to the rangers that respond to threats. they seem keen on the idea of getting companies involved too. seems like an ideal way to build connections to lots of people. my partner is going for it, looking to start things today. wish the rfles had been announced earlier, we could have organised something, but campaign closes tomorrow...
@sean the pix can be seen also on dj bonebrake's facebook page too
@sean we are going too. we are friends with some of the band. go to my facebook page to see some really great photos from 2 roxy shows and the acoustic show in pioneertown.
peter, yes x definitely.  missed the recent shows but going to catch them at the make the music go bang fest in oc.  x, los lobos, dave and phil alvin and more!
@sean. yes. we need x. my favorite band. we see them frequently here in los angeles.
i suspect that this has already been posted, but just in case. this is a must watch for pono people!  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@ian great thoughts..they don't know if we don't ask!  the intentions are in a great place and that is where awesome creativity is born!  @lisa yw, i stumbled across it the day before and the part that resonated with me the most was when he talked about the dangers of thinking while creating!  creating is sacred & spiritual to me.  i also believe that every being has the capacity to be creative.  the thinking mind likes to say to folks that they are not creative, or as creative...etc.  that is the biggest lie/obstacle to creativity, the next one is trying to think of how to be creative.
@joe, glad i inspired you to listen! i've been listening to to a lot of steely dan all last week and this week. that was really such an amazing gig. i'm still in thinking about it days later. brilliant.
as far as the "dreck" files go, i'll say that i enjoyed alicia keys' last record.
rick, i love 80's music too.  i would add devo, b52's, wall of voodoo, and propoganda to that list.   i want to see hires versions of oingo boingo, the three o'clock, and x.  still dreaming...
@chikinhed that was an awesome interview. thanx for posting that link!
@ob with all of the talk about the sd concert i dug out my dvd-a of gaucho today and gave it a listen...i had forgotten how good it sounded. thanks! i hate that this format and sacd pretty much died. with more people into surround sound these days i bet they would stand a better chance now. glad i bought everything i could while they were around.
@sean well, as far as drek, maybe those here would consider electronic music to fall under that.  i would beg ti differ, as the following are a list of synthpop artists that i hope will be on pono's site to download.  i'm a child of the 80's so that is where this list starts. erasure yazoo depeche mode new order red flag camouflage de/vision pet shop boys moby elegant machinery cosmicity anything box electronic information society naked eyes neuropa orchestral manoeuvers in the dark soft cell some rock/pop acts i’d like to see level 42 journey foreigner loverboy the outfield vast
this is pretty good could come in handy at some point/ http://www.headphone.com/pages/build-a-graph
about one year ago innerfidelity posted a nice comparison of meridian explorer dac/headphone amps with original 50 ohm & revised 5 ohm output impedance. tyl does a great job with graphs and simple explanations. he discusses senn 600, momentums, and a balanced armature iem. the graphs, explanations, and listening comparisons are helpful.
we had the family round for dinner on friday evening and talked about the rainforest connection and pono. the family is now looking to get a pledge together for rc. i would really love to up mine to $1500 but i can't afford that right now. i have written to rainforest creator to ask about how to help after ks closes. my partner is a h&s/environmental health advisor and she has decided to see what can be down at her work place to get something together too. they already do a mobile phone recycling scheme - maybe that could be diverted? also thought about a pledge organised as a sweepstake so that one person can 'win' the rcle. not sure if that would be ok for ks? can't see why not really, but maybe there would be a problem? is all a bit late in the day for rc, but food for thought. well, for me anyway. am looking forward to hearing the bit of the rainforest that my pledge will help protect.
bang your hed...your chicken hed   https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@creator it would be a great idea to send a last minute email to pono supporters concerning the remanding 9 special edition rainforest connection pono players! there may be 9 folks that would love to do something like supporting at that level...especially the naming of a section after a loved one and getting a special pono player with it.  but if they dont know, then they can"t act. go for it!!!
ty o'b you are very kind :)   i believe everyone that is...starts out as a good egg, and then we grow up and turn into chikinheds...beating our heds against something...choose your weapon,lol. i know...i know, i can already here the voice, what voice???  you know the voice that says there is no voice...saying really! not everyone starts out as a good egg :( so i say to the voice...i personally never knew anyone that started this life as a "bad" egg, have you mister voice?
you're a good egg, carlos/chicken. :-)
yeah...someone signed up for a special edition rain forrest connection pono player :)  i hope they move all 10  for the rain forrest project and for further promoting pono music!
hello scott,  good question? and maybe the folks at the rainforest connection or the folks here at pono can address your primary question and it's premiss statement. i can only share with you what was written to me as a supporter of both.  "we’re also humbled to say that neil has created a special edition of the ponoplayer specifically for the final days of the rainforest connection campaign. only 10 of these players (see image: http://r-f.cx/1qehdke ) will ever be made, making them the most limited, exclusive ponoplayers ever. i personally trust neil and his intentions concerning pono, the muse and his very conscious  love for earth and doing what he can to make a difference in bringing awareness to it's preservation while here in existence. there is an old saying...."you can tell a tree by it's fruit"  neil's body of work is his fruit....he is a good tree...an old tree, like a mighty oak, many years, rooted deeply, covering a lot of ground. here is an interview he did for q tv at the 22:22 mark he expresses his view concerning earth and his frustrations & his role in doing something about it. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@chikinhed, you posted: "they are offering a new...only 10 special edition pono players to help them with this important fundraising." how do we know pono won't bump this number higher than 10 after the campaign ends, like they've said they might do with the numbers for the previous pono le's?
oh and @doug for rap...for me it's simple 1 biggie 2 snoop dogg 3 tupac 4 nwa 5 public enemy 6 dr. dre 7 krs 1 8 wu tang 9 mase 10 pharell honorable mention: missy elliot i have a hard time getting intto jay z, new style stuff. eminem's early stuff was good too.
@sean...that's cool yeah i like robyn as well...i get into dance on and off, sometimes i get into it for a few months then get bored and go back to everything else. yes this is a miley free zone..although her opening act on tour sky ferierra is quite good...her album night time my time is great. @joe - skynyrd is so freaking good...hot damn. i can't listen to the band touring now but they have to make a living. glad you had a good listen! @john - yeah your list is like mine...after i finished i was thinking oh darn i forgot this and that and was going to make a new post and said to myself...chill haha :) @doug awesome story...yah g n r and alice must've been stirring the nest...the first time i saw guns was on apetite opening for aerosmith...no picketers though. :) i hope everyone's having a great weekend! i'm working on some future write-ups in the ac!
haha christmachine.  i love lists, so it's no prob.  there are only a few things on your list i would consider "dreck".  maybe cinderella.  i like robyn, i don't normally like dance music, but that's a popular radio artist that i actually think has some merit.  that muse song "madness" was a big radio hit of which i hated...then i listened to it with headphones and now i can't stop listening to it.  i was hoping someone here was going to try to convince us why we should all be listening to miley cyrus. i was just open to hearing about some bad music people thought was good.
@dana glad it worked out. the csny 1974 is really nice.
also, forgot to include a few more recent musical discoveries. wax fang joan shelley jeff buckley spanish gold dawes christmachine, i like a good deal of the musical acts you posted about. i just don't have the time and energy to include all the generally overlooked songs/albums from the bands/acts that i listed. i especially love everything by tool, ac/dc, alice cooper, queensryche, u2, smashing pumpkins, black sabbath, the black crowes, and soundgarden. rock out, roll on!!! long live pono!!!
tom petty in usa today article the new songs sound great live, petty promises. he's less enthusiastic about their sonic virtues through earbuds. "i hate mp3s," he says. "you hear exactly 5% of the record i made. and i don't think most people know the difference. they're being shortchanged. the cd is not as good as it can be, but it's 100 times better than an mp3. the good thing is vinyl is coming back." he's also keen on neil young's proposed hi-res download service, pono. "neil took me for a ride in his car and played it for me," petty says. "it's stunning. it's up to the quality of what we hear in the studio. once that's available, the battle's over. it's like 240 times the resolution."
@christmachine, great list. i did a quick inventory, in my head, and have about 20 of these albums. have carpenters on sacd and play it often. g&r use your illusion on vinyl is stunning. have ac/dc highway to hell on dualdisk/ ripped to harddrive. sounds good but it is only 16-48. hoped for better. went to see alice cooper in my small, conservative major bible belt town. there were picketers outside the new building. they were against alice cooper. the opening band was guns and roses. axel came on stage and said f... you picketers and launched into a rant. the crowd went absolutely quiet. the security guards and dignitaries looked like they were going to die. this was like the second concert in this brand new multipurpose building. what a concert. g&r hit it big about 3 months later. alice cooper was also great. don't see any rap/hip hop listed. without it pono will never be a hit with the masses.  have to think about what albums i would put on this list.
finishing up ripping csny 1974 pure audio blu-ray. thanks for the clues, guys.
beautiful song, @mom. i love it. now i'm listening to it. :-) xx
listening to wonderful world by sam cooke and wishing 3g signal was way better!
here's something i posted to my morning jacket's roll call fan blog after joining their fan club. i posted it a couple of years ago...maybe 2012, so, i'm now 47 and will turn 48 in september. i have been a huge fan of all kinds of music since about the 4th grade. i'm 45 now and will turn 46 in september, so 4th grade was a long time ago! i started collecting music when kiss was at their best (1976 -1977). just as i started getting into them, they were becoming "uncool" with the older kids and young adults "in-the-know". anyway, i liked an electric light orchestra song i heard on the radio, "telephone line", and my parents got me the album it was on, "a new world record". i started collecting their stuff too. the gap between kiss's hard rock and the earlier stuff from elo, that was a combination of orchestra, pop, and rock, left plenty of room for me to fill in with all kinds of music. the following is a list of some music artists i have gotten into over the years (in no order): my morning jacket yim yames carl broemel monsters of folk pink floyd roger waters david gilmour grateful dead todd rundgren's utopia tom waits neil young the who pete townshend roger daltrey pat metheny miles davis alice cooper dio black sabbath ozzy osbourne queensryche tool system of a down ac/dc rush foo fighters the doors led zeppelin robert plant king's x al di meola john mclaughlin's mahavishnu orchestra mike oldfield smashing pumpkins pearl jam eddie vedder santana yes joe satriani alabama shakes maynard ferguson john prine van halen kiss electric light orchestra boston ben sollee daniel martin moore george winston mark isham sting peter gabriel pixies frank black the band bob dylan the allman brothers rem queen radiohead tenacious d the cure marillion judas priest metalica megadeath rolling stones 10,000 maniacs john coltrane the beatles stevie ray vaughan jimi hendrix phish black crowes spyro gyra tangerine dream rickie lee jones triumph government mule stone temple pilots chicago the kinks ted nugent government cheese x john doe chick corea styx kansas steve miller frank marino & mahogany rush aerosmith joe walsh james gang the eagles elton john david bowie thelonious monk keith jarrett steve vai ...and more... jeff beck the yardbirds the birds csn & y ufo deep purple ccr black oak arkansas derek trucks yo-yo ma bobby mcferrin world party u2 lenny kravitz night ranger yngwie malmsteen van morrison def leppard dire straits iron maiden ministry johnny lang peter frampton eric clapton cream traffic steve winwood simon and garfunkel cowboy junkies buddy holly ben harper rainbow scorpions apocalyptica kitaro lee ritenour larry carlton jean-luc ponty bireli lagrene wynton marsalis david sanborn charles mingus joan armatrading bonnie raitt the frogs ...and more... tom petty elp return to forever leonard cohen robbie robertson levon helm the cars blue oyster cult velvet revolver motley crue slash john butcher axis alan parsons project guns 'n roses extreme tony bennett paul butterfield blues band etta james b.b. king albert king john mayall's blues breakers bobby blue bland buddy guy krokus gary moore rory gallagher johnny winter edger winter muddy waters robert cray robin trower george benson kenny burrell john scofield stanley jordan stanley clarke ...and more... lou reed janis joplin joni mitchell edie brickell & new bohemians tin machine meat loaf jeff lynne xtc the smithereens dokken bad company the firm suicidal tendencies moody blues lita ford woodie guthrie willie nelson chet atkins mark knopfler the tubes puscifer also, i had to add a few more that i've been getting into recently. wilco jeff tweedy lydia burrell howell dawdy floating action dr. dog andrew bird j. roddy walston & the business chris robinson brotherhood i hope that wasn't too much...
skynyrd!!! on the hunt, tuesdays gone, simple man...i've listened to those songs thousands of times way back but it's been forever. i down loaded them last night and gave them a try with the headphone amp and hd650's wow was i missing out back then. hope they make it to pono so i can get my redneck on again!!
@sean...you don't look like a dork. come on now. :) i was being sincere...i have never heard anybody talk much about most of those artists here, and when i talk about any thing heavy, i get no response. i know john said he was into heavy music years back, but that's it. the mellower stuff i have not heard anyone talk about except maybe the carpenters...i could be wrong. i must also say sorry to you sean because i did not mean to derail what you were trying to do, and also i obviously gave "dreck" to wide a margin, i actually thought most people would find my list 'crap'. anyway a great question to you would be what on my list do you consider dreck? also i would like to hear from others as well on the same, as well as answering sean with a "dreck" list...i would be quite interested! tks and by the way christopher cross - ride like the wind...still listen to it ;)
just realized that i will be leaving scotland to go on holiday in california and hawaii at same time as bridge school concert. can i resist seeing neil in the us for the first time?? don't think i can......and to think i was counting the days til the 2 ponos arrive.
christmachine, if you consider those "dreck", i'm in trouble!  i mean a "craps" list that includes early everything but the girl, nick cave, and the carpenterrs?  that's like my "best of" list.   :) i was going to offer christopher cross' debut record, because i thought it was produced well, now i just look like a  complete dork....:/
cheers all, happy weekend to you. rouge statues has ended, happy to be back and catch up on all the comment's of the last week and begin the next kickstarted rainforest campaign . this all sounds very interesting and good for the planet. stay safe and pono on my friends.
it is said that a certain man was once tortured by his own ego...the voice in his head telling him of all he could have and become and the man reached down and touched the earth and said to his voice...you are not my witness, earth is my witness, what is...is my witness.  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
neil young has been loving mother earth for a very very long time.  the spirit of that love comes out through the music he creates.  i too am in love with this most precious gift, this palace in an endless universe of palaces...mother earth.  ty neil :)   https://www.youtube.com/watch…
this is what the 10 special edition limited rainforest connection pono players will look like!!! https://rfcx-static.s3.amazonaws.com/kickstarter/rfcx-pono.jpg
*attention friends*  as some of you may know neil young & pono are in support of another ks project...rainforest connection.  it has to do with saving wilderness that is being illegally cut down/pouched by taking recycled smart phones and turning them into listening and reporting devices when chainsaws are run.  they are offering a new...only 10 special edition pono players to help them with this important fundraising.  i hope they all get snatched up as i expect they will...soon!!!!  check it out on their rewards page! https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/topherwhite/rainforest-connection-phones-turned-to-forest-guar…
@jim...thanks haha that made me laugh. adhd anyone? bro i think about and listen to music 24 hours a day, in dreams even when my head hits the pillow, lists like this are racing through my head. i'm slightly touched ;)
holy sufferin' jaysus christmachine,   now i've got to take a month off in the basement with the tune machine just to catch up with what you're talkin' about.
@sean megadeth - first 4 albums ozzy - first 2 albums & speak of the devil metallica - first 3 albums anthrax - first 3 albums slayer - first 3 albums alice in chains - first 4 albums nirvana - all albums except wishkah black sabbath - 3 albums with ronnie james dio...none of the ozzy/ sabbath  soundgarden - first 4 albums guns n roses - all albums except spaghetti incident def leppard - hi n dry & hysteria twisted sister - under the blade album only w.a.s.p. - 1st, the last command, the crimson idol cinderella - night songs, long cold winter hole - celebrity skin, pretty on the inside, live through this white zombie - la sexorcisto devil music vol.1 iron maiden - 1st, killers, piece of mind, powerslave judas priest - british steel, sad wings of destiny, defenders of the faith, screaming4vengance   motorhead - ace of spades, overkill mad season - above mother lovebone - apple , st pantera - vulgar display of power queensryche - empire sex pistols - never mind the bullocks, jubilee ramones - all sky ferierra - night time my time grimes - all albums chvrches - 1st haim - 1st smashing pumpkins - gish, siamese dream, mellon collie the black crowes - first 2 albums the cult - love, sonic temple the gutter twins - 2 albums mark lanagen  - all albums nick cave & the bad seeds - all sigur ros - all albums the knife - first two albums tool - undertow, sober, opiate, lateralus rufus wainwright - all george michael - older oasis - first three albums stone roses - st zero 7 - first two albums everything but the girl - first three albums yelle - first two albums fever ray - 1st ac/dc - for those about to rock & highway to hell aerosmith - 1st, rocks, get your wings, draw the line, night in the ruts, gems alice cooper - welcome to my nightmare, billion dollar babies boston - first 2 albums faith no more - angel dust jane's addiction - xxx, nothing's shocking porno for pyros - st joe satriani - surfing with the alien van halen - 1st, 1984, fair warning u2 - achtung baby motley crue - 1st 2 albums the stooges - fun house the carpenters - whole catalog the  cars - st stone temple pilots - core, purple, tiny music scorpions - blackout, animal magnetism, world wide live rage against the machine - all men at work - business as usual lynyrd skynyrd - gimme, pronounced, second helping, street survivors, gold&platinum la guns - 1st album ratt - out of the cellar lorde - pure heroine tempple of the dog - st i'm sure i'm alone on most of these...off the top of my head probably missed a lot. but you get my drift. :)
people on this board have seriously good taste in music.  it's almost a given. i was thinking, though, that the pono store will have to offer up it's fair amount of dreck in order to succeed.  so i offer up this question:  what records do you think are great but might be viewed of as "dreck" by the vast majority of people on this board?  my ears are open...
erast and bill,   thanks for the heads up!    i'm planning a return to  belize nov 1 but just might pot it off a couple of weeks to catch this show.   david suzuki sez it may be his last public tour.   meet and greet is $500!    a little rich for my blood.
@o'boogie, lucky you ! last time i saw them was back in 1994.
the steely dan gig was absolutely brilliant. donald fagen is still at the top of his game — his voice hasn't changed or aged at all. loved every second of the show. :-) llp!
the soundandvision article was interesting, but made that critical error of referring to pono as a streaming service. over a local hi speed wifi , yes, through specialized gear, but not what most people think of as 'streaming'. i'm surprised this mistake is made as often as i've seen it.
wow anydvd sounds great but dvdae and makemkv are great too. just an extra step.
and this...;-) http://www.soundandvision.com/content/interview-linkin-parks-mike-shinoda-talks-digital-audio-fidelity-and-recording-analog october isn't far off now! happy weekend!
mmmm, interesting...! http://www.usatoday.com/story/tech/personal/2014/07/25/bose-sues-beats-electronics/13167893/
none that i see on the anydvd, in fact its free to use for 30 days, and it also works to make copies of dvd and br's if you would like as well.  you dont have to make a copy to rip in dvdae, as it unencrypts in the background when you insert a disk.
peter, rick: thanks, and each of you have used 1 of the only two solutions. any negatives on either of those choices?
peter, rick: thanks, and each of you have used 1 of the only two solutions. any negatives on either of those choices?
@dana use makemkv to make a "backup" and save it somewhere convenient, like desktop. once it does its thing dvdae will work perfectly.  i ripped the csny 1974 bluray without a hitch
@dana  anydvd sits in the background and basically disables the copy protection on bd disks.  yes, you have to have a program get around the copy protections of bd for dvdae to be able to work with it.
dvd audio extractor having trouble with csny 1974 pure audio blu-ray. says to backiup disk with anydvd or makekkv. it seems it doesn't like bd+ copy protection. still not happy that amazon only gives me mp3 downloads. my csny pono should have this hi-res stuff on it though......
@ian  good stuff from mojo, even some soft cell mention....would like to read that..
dvd audio extractor is the best of the lot and well worth buying. it ripped all if my dvd-a and audio blurays perfectly.
@ jim humphry @ erast fandorin has it - the blue dot date in vancouver is nov 9th. you still have time! i'm hoping i have my nyle pono with me and get neil to really sign it! not good odds but one can hope :)
@ ian kendrick the new mojo csny issue is available from tues 29th july in the uk: http://www.mojo4music.com/15910/csny-rocks-explosive-band-call-truce-mojo/ the cover-mount cd has 6 tracks from the new album, as robert mentioned.
@ jim humphry november 9th is the date you want: http://www.vancouversun.com/entertainment/david+suzuki+brings+neil+young+feist+vancouver+blue+tour/10058126/story.html
surprising but true - mark oliver everett (aka e) of the eels was awarded the freedom of the city of london yesterday: http://www.cityam.com/1406251282/eels-city-thankfully-not-jellied-ones played a well-reviewed concert at the barbican last night - wish i could have been there: http://www.telegraph.co.uk/culture/music/live-music-reviews/10990510/els-barbican-review-a-sumptuous-celebration.html i love e - an engaging, amusing & independent spirit who follows his own path with the eels (just like neil young). i hope they're in the ponomusic store.
@rick i used dvd audio extractor. it's the way the dvd was encoded, not the software.
pono just happened to me. was reading neil's book (on iphone) and was reading how spring steen help put on a concert to help start the bridge school for the disabled and your hometown comes on the office music system. btw neil's new book is highly recommended reading.
@brad hood.  what program are you using to rip your dvd?  i use dvd audio extractor, and it does a fantastic job of adding meta info and ripping bit perfect copies from dvd's and dvd-a's.
@seanf similar situation for me, favorite album i had was the beatles blue vinyl double hits album, and step brother had elo greatest hits and i was turned into the biggest elo fan after that.  i hope elo makes it to pono right away. have some 5.1 dts downloads of a new world record and eldorado (great album cover) that are great! elo's out of the blue was the first record i bought after listening to the greatest hits...still consider it the best album in their collection!
@robert et al... whilst at the supermarket, there was a large display advertising itunes vouchers at discount prices. not sure what that means...
@robert not out here yet, but just picked up august's issue with jack white/third man cd on the front.  i can see a subscription coming....
mojo this month (uk) comes with a csny cd/dvd live 1974 and good artical on them.
good read! http://www.usatoday.com/story/life/music/2014/07/24/tom-petty-my-boy-band-was-the-beatles/13082533/ @peter congrats on your senns! @brian will check out 'king of the highland pipers :-)
bill omand....thanks for that david suzuki link.    i've been away, just returned about 9:30 tonite, followed the link and found the vancouver event was tonite.  bummer!  how was it?  which gigs is neil going to join?
@sean gonna wait for pono for smiths.
i bought talk talk's spirit of eden on vinyl with the 24/96 dvd. i ripped the dvd and the track borders are way off. i had to combine the whole album into one track in peak and then manually divide it into individual tracks.
mom, didn't know you were referring to me for a moment there...i like a wide variety of music.  my musical "time" was from the early 80's.  my older sister had all the hit records from the decade before (yes, steely dan records included). the 4 records i listened to the most: beatles red double album, beach boys endless summer, neil young time fades away, elo out of the blue. first record i bought myself was air supply.  and a whole lot of other stuff. peter, congrats on the momentums!  now go get those smiths downloads and let us know what you think?  read that the queen is dead is only 24/44 but the other 3 are 96.  they are all the recent remaster mixes.
my momentum on ears arrived. love them.
@lisa, john burgess, king of the highland pipers is going on my pono, just for fun.:-)
@ brian glad you liked them!
@lisa, thanks for that, a blast of home whilst sitting in newark :-)
@ o'b @ brian that is the clip where they sound like 'reelin', towards the middle and end! really cool to hear these guys live! remember the pono survey when they asked us who we would like to see on future pono's, (names engraved!)? one of my choices was rathkeltair!
@lisa, cool pipes give a new meaning to reelin' :-) bit like the red hot chili pipers!
@ o'b still looking for 'reelin' though here is a sample- https://m.youtube.com/watch… i knew i had heard 'reelin' recently! couldn't place it, then remembered the bagpipes! very cool.
@ o'b rathkeltair plays steely dans  'reelin in the years' on bagpipes and electric guitar! good live with a guinness! trying to remember... http://www.rathkeltair.com/home
@o'b i like steely dan! they remind me of summertime :-) https://m.youtube.com/watch…
@bill. i have some friends in canada who work towards similar goals. will pass the blue dot details along...
http://bluedot.ca/
for anyone in canada (or want to come to canada) david suzuki is doing a tour called blue dot to create an environmental movement where clean air, water and real food get added to our charter of rights and freedoms. it's mainly in small venues across the country. reason i'm posting here is...neil young will be performing as well. got my tix for vancouver - should be a great night.
@mom, i know! i did like his style.  "oh, you're welcome for the ticket, kevin! you're leaving? bye then!" hahaha. xx
@mr. tomato, what's your taste other than rlj (i.e. joni lite)? @o'b, love kevin's style, thanks for the tickets, i'm outta here. xx
miso? m i s o?? i mean i like miso, but was supposed to be muso... auto correct at it again
@peter is my experience too, i have the cd. shame vini reilly not well recognised. other than by many other musicians and a hardcore miso following.
@brad, spot on! @o'b, lucky kevin, what a way to leave a job!  i'm done with this gig so i'm off to a gig.
@ian i have not seen viva hate issued as a high res file. i have alac rips from cd
sony has been shooting themselves in the foot in the pmp market since the original "memory stick walkman" in '99.
@sean, quit saying that thing about carly simon and ketchup! it upsets me! ;-) @brian, agree re: stupid sony flac player.
brian, how does sony offer up this walkman without expandable memory?  i think that they are playing that irritating big company game where they release a new version every year and only incrementally up the specs.  yes, they could've given it all to us in the first go (they are sony for goodness sake), but they won't.  we're merely their consumers equalling profit. plus, i hate all of their proprietary nonsense.  the unit looks good though.
haha brian!  bodhisattva=nirvana...never laughed so reservedly after hearing that one... yes, i said that i preferred rlj to joni mitchell, the head cannot help what the heart wants. carly simon...still...ketchup.
sony has rather lost the plot with it's new hires player.  no memory slot, that's just dumb!
@o'b  cool beans!  on the tickets gift…thats pono/righteousness :)
oooooh, @sean. @brian's got you there, my friend. ;-) bam! turns out my colleague kevin handed in his resignation and is moving away. so turns out the steely dan thing will be a big last hurrah.
@sean, by nirvana, do you refer to bodhisattva?  what fraction of a brain bases it's view of carly simon on ketchup?  didn't you prefer rlj to joni mitchell?  brain?  :-)
funny ob.  yes, the music lover's mortal wound always ends in *headdesk*. :)
@sean, as part of generation x, i've been told as long as i can remember that cobain was a hero — the lennon of our generation. er, no. i'm sorry he died so young, but no. he's never been a hero to me. i told my colleague katrina about going to the gig, and she said, "who is steely dan? are they country?" *headdesk* after a bit of coaxing, she opened them on spotify and recognized pretty much every song on their best of album. she just didn't know who sang them. i let out a small sigh of relief. but still. "who is steely dan?" are you crazy, kid?
hahaha, mom!  you are correct, no one with ears should not like steely dan.  i must add though as qualification, you must also have 3/4 of a brain to really appreciate them. i would have said 1/2 a brain, but that would be condescending to steely dan.  :) the stories are odd, the humor is very dry, some people don't get it.  they think nirvana was god.  good but not god.
@mom,  thanks! i think it will be a good night! i really do worry if someone doesn't like steely dan and donald fagen. same goes for the beatles and johnny cash. don't like them? what the hell is wrong with you, then? hahaha. :-) october, here we come! pono smile at the ready! xxx
@o"b, you will have a ball.  does anyone with ears not like steely dan and donald fagen? have a great day!  roll on october! xx
@lisa! thanks. :-) can't wait. @sean, i'm ok with that joke. ;-) my colleague kevin and i were saying that we don't actually trust anyone who doesn't like steely dan. it's a good test, i think. @brian, you do love the nightfly! it's so, so, so great. see, i knew i liked you. it all makes sense. :-)
@seán  et al. steely dan either butt of audiophile joke or revered. ain't saying where i stand...
@ o'b congrats on the tx's! have fun! @ sean f. great audiophile joke! ;-)
@seán @brad @peter  do you know if viva hate is available in hi-res? the unacknowledged vini reilly of durutti column did all of the music arrangement and al of the guitar work afaik. durutti column one of my very favourite bands, seen them more times than i can recall. and vini one of my favourite musicians/guitarists. not well recognised, but is so by many other guitarists. sketch for summer seems about right for this very sunny day here. kick off track on the debut album, return of the durutti column, the one with the sandpaper sleeve that was assembled and stuck together by a joy division... unlikely but true. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
peter, i too would love to see the smiths in 24/192.  i did like the cd remasters though.  i thought that they sounded good.  marr was very fair to the whole band. hopefully marr did these at the highest resolution, then we must see them.
@brad thanks. i'm going to wait for the pono tracks. for now i have alac lossless rips i did in my own. i want to see what the pono provenance is for these. plus i'd like to see 192/24.
the smiths and the clash are both on hdtracks in 24/96.
@brian i don't have a high res dan/fagan, so will def wait for pono. this should be in its wheelhouse. @sean v funny indeed. audio nerds!  but i am really pining for some clash/jam/smiths etc.
@o'b & @peter, i agree hence my three different vinyl versions of the nightfly plus the dualdisc plus the dvda.  the other albums are great too, particularly sunken condos and morph the cat.
an audiophile joke.
pono guy:  you should check out this hi-rez stuff that's going on, it's gonna be the new thing ya' know. non pono guy:  new thing you say? pono guy:  you should check out the message boards, there's a lot of valuable information on it that might just blow your mind! non pono guy:  oh yeah?  what are they talking about now? pono guy:  steely dan... non pono guy:  figures.
@ob agreed. not a bad song on nightfly and the best songs (new frontier; igy) rank with the finest dan. now these are records that should be ponolicious if they don't biff the mastering. i'd def pay pono prices for good flac's of this record. but i hope they rethink their pricing structure and price these--especially catalog items--a bit more forgivingly. if they can try to make their $ over the long haul then i think success is more likely.
@peter, i'd like you to tell us how you really feel, please. ;-) the nightfly *is* brilliant. not a duff track to be found.
btw, nightfly is so obviously superior that it barely merits discussion. but i take my dan with hooks, please. ymmv.
@brian,  that's the one. and of course i spelled trouper wrong. haha. :-)
@o'b, super trouper, i was sick and tired of everything, when i called you last night from glasgow.
@brian super trooper! :-)
@brian, i don't know the answer to that, either. hmmm. i still know every word of the nightfly, but i haven't listened to kamakiriad in a while. i still feel like i should have known. but yeah. i didn't have a clue. hahaha. :-) xx
@o'b, i didn't know until it popped up in a corporate quiz hosted by a chap called glasgow :-)  he also asked which abba song mentions glasgow.
@peter, expect way too much gushing about the gig. i probably won't be able to shut up about it. @brian, i love the nightfly, followed closely by kamakiriad.  i'm ashamed to say i couldn't answer your question without help from mr. google. dammit. i should have known that! trans-island skyway. of course.
@peter, i was amazed to read that walter becker was listed as a china crisis band member for the first album he produced for them.
o'b, which fagen album is your fave?  do you know (without googling) which song of his mentions glasgow?
@ob mazel tov and full report please!!
@brian, thanks. i just can't believe my luck. i really can't. :-) xx
@o'b, lucky you and kevin.  enjoy! :-)
@larry and @john, thanks, you guys! i am taking my work colleague kevin with me. he said if he won the tickets, he'd take me as his plus one. so it seems only fair i take him. we're in the center section, row 7. woohoo!
very cool, o'boogie! i started getting into steely dan back in the mid to late 1980's.  good for you and cool of your friend/co-worker to think of you!
congratulations, ob!  sounds like karma and a friend turned a crpy day into a good ending. yes, it would be great if someone here hits the 50 spot and gives some feedback. in any event, i'm sure there will be good promo out of this. and yes, it sounds like the hardware design is probably near finished to host this. they my be also looking for some feedback to finalize firmware- user interface, etc. exciting!
i would hope that someone on here makes it to the party and will give us a review of what they hear and see....and if at all possible with various headphones.
@mom, thanks. this was a great day. i wish you were somewhere nearby. i'd take you with me in a heartbeat! :-) xx @joe, it would appear so. good news!
@joe, i read it that way too.
i take that a listening party on august 1 is a positive indicator of deliveries being close to on time!
@o'b, some days are great, congratulations on your tickets.  i'd love to see steely dan live.  you're a lucky girl. xx
ian,   the band's 'acadian driftwood' is one of my all time favorites.    check them out doing the tune in '76 with joni and neil singing backup. http://youtu.be/h8ogvvsurkk
@brian, thanks! i will! dana is an accountant where i work. she has zero interest in going because i invited her the second she told me. she said, "nope. don't want to. i did it for you." hahaha!
@o'b, congratulations! is your friend dana a pono backer with project management aspirations? she sounds like a great friend, have a ball. :-)
for those keeping score, i didn't win the tickets. but ... after a few minutes of feeling sorry for myself, my friend dana, who did win, called me. she only entered her name into the drawing for me. she gave me the pair of front and center tickets for the gig. i am in absolute shock. what a lovely and kind thing for someone to do. i'm so happy! over the moon! yay!
nice to see the 50 spots go so quickly. @o'b, did you get the tickets? @peter, thanks for the tip!
when i checked, it was sold out. ( the listening party ).
there was mention of other locations if this one goes well... hope so on both counts.
wishing i could go to listening party but ireland isn't quite westerly enough. will have to just stick on a letter home boxset and dream. please guys, whoever goes, give us a ton of feedback and we look forward to @creator posting some videos.
well, i was actually considering flying up for the listening party...but it's sold out.
sf would be really cool - shame it's so far away.  i hope the 50 lucky people have a great time!
@mom, it's getting clammier by the minute. hope my laptop battery dies so i can go home! haha. xxx
would have been nice, i'm in the south west of the uk so no doubt only chance i have will be when mine lands in october, enjoy
@peter, i'll check it out. hope those who go to that have a great time! how exciting. @mom, i have many good tunes. listening to some van morrison at the moment. sweet thing! is it october yet? no? :-( llp!
is a long long long way from here. hope everyone who goes really enjoys it though. and lots of reviews please!! enjoy...
i wish i could attend...plane ticket $568 a bit much
wow bay area backers quick rsvp for pono listening event !!  fly you fools !
quick guys in san fran better rsvp now. update
steely dan lovers:  if not yet in your collection, you should get china crisis' "flaunt the imperfection". produced by one walter becker, it sounds like a lost dan record. google the first song the highest high and you'll see what i mean.
@o'b, seems pono to me!  clammy is never good in the workplace.  at least you have some tunes.  roll on october and llp! xx @sean, that's a great track mr. tomato :)
pono friends, indeed a good day! "day's that used to be". ny, my life is much better with you in it. @o'boogie, will let you know asap. i get a lot of tubes shipped to me, so at this moment it may be or may not. peace and love always no war! just pono
@mom, that is the rule. i'm going to remind them. also, it's clammy up in here, and some of the dudes are starting to stink. hazard pay in the form of tickets seems about right? xx
@o'b, isn't there a law that they have to send you home with steely dan tickets in the event of a power cut? xx
mom and ob, you guys need to "learn to work the saxophone....".  a line from deacon blues that always makes me chuckle.  :)
linda, actually that sony looks pretty good.  the construction quality looks fantastic and i'll bet the ui is top notch. it's their first offering with improvements in the future (such as expandable memory).  of course it's twice as much as a pono.  i'm hoping that the pono will have a sleek ui, but from what i have seen, it may not.  really, that is my only concern at the moment as there has not been any discussion or info posted on the matter.  i know one thing, a bad ui can kill a device's adorableness.  hoping for the best though.
or a nap.
@mom, so many great tracks on there! xx our electricity has gone off at work ... all of my work happens on a screen. i have nothing to do. may take a nod under my desk.
@o'b, i'm listening to pretzel logic, thanks. xx
@kinch  quite a few cajun albums here, including some early stuff. the arcadians were not well treated by the brits were they? booted out of canada and then the long journey south. great that they kept the music together though... will check out the amy programme too.
@redwood, thanks. will check them out. @mom, listening to gaucho now. thanks. xx
@ mo'm, dr winston marvellous album: surf and/or die, book of liars..... well worth exploring.
@mom, no! i clearly need to. i have all of donald fagen's solo stuff (the nightfly i know word for word), but none of becker's. i love gaucho, too. it's impossible for me to pick, frankly.
@o'b, aja or gaucho for me as faves but the rest are great too.  have you heard 11 tracks of whack? xx
@linda, i think that at the moment the competitors to the pono, price-wise, would be the fiio x5 and the ibasso dx90. dac-wise the ibasso would be closer. it uses twin sabre es9018k2m dacs whereas the pono as far as i'm aware will use just the one.
@mom, aja. and pretzel logic. you know i can't pick just one of any favorites.  "any major dude will tell you ..." :-)
@ian john kelly is mad about cajun music, amongst other genres, and has made some lovely programmes about it. he was the interviewer on the other voices tv programme made with amy winehouse in 2006. that was broadcast on bbc in july 2013. when one sees her in something like that, one realises the pity that she did not have a longer life. if you get the chance, dig up a copy of the programme. amy was amazing when talking about her influences. there was a lovely story in the programme that i won't spoil by telling it before you see it.
@o'b, what's your favorite steely dan album? xx
@linda, nah. i'd rather carry a toblerone in my pocket for neil. ;-)
check this out, competitor? i do not think so http://www.techhive.com/article/2455156/reborn-walkman-steals-some-of-ponos-hi-res-audio-thunder.html
or fingers. it's hard to cross just one. #ihatetypos
@mom, you are so sweet. thank you! i've sent an email to the entire company making clear my desperation to win. so yeah. i probably won't now. hahaha. finger still crossed, though. xx
@o'b, i hope you win the tickets, you deserve them for being a ray of sunshine!  ;)
my office is giving a way a pair of steely dan tickets for an upcoming gig. i am absolutely desperate to win. i really hope i win. send all your positive pono vibes this way! haha.
@kinch  excellent, will check it out. is amazing these days that we can listen to radio stations from anywhere in the world.  and "from bach to eno" will do for me....
@ozzman, you'll have to let us know if that is indeed your poster. if it is in a tube, i think we know the answer. :-)
http://www.rte.ie/lyricfm/the-john-kelly-ensemble/ john kelly plays an amazing variety of music every afternoon from 14:00 to 16;00 gmt/gmt +1 the music ranges across the board, classical, jazz, folk, world etc and is always worth a listen.
good afternoon all pono friends, word from back home is a packaged arrived yesterday? my other or say better half does no open my mail so i cannot confirm or deny but i believe it's in a tube. has anybody else heard or received the same?
oh, btw, that was from the movie european vacation.
whenever i think of cans, this comes to mind: stewardess: do you want something to drink? clark griswold: [to ellen] honey, you want something? ellen griswold: no thank you. clark griswold: [to the stewardess] i'll have a coke. stewardess: do you want that in the can? clark griswold: [clark turns and looks at the bathroom, then turns back at the stewardess] no, i'll have it right here.
oh my, what a nice accessory for my new pono player!!!  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
well, i understand the 'open ear' variety generally sound better than 'closed ear', but practical concerns (distracting nearby people, including my wife) preclude this choice. at least at the moment. ; )
@o'boogie you no what i mean.
thanks all for good feedback. i picked up rbh ep2s as my 'buds', but i only checked them out briefly on my ipod. i don't want to spoil the 'shock and awe' of combining pono with good headphones and earphones. anyone have experience with the rbh's?
p.s. they started at $349. that's how much they cost when i got them nine or ten months ago.
@siltech, they are $299 for over-ear. on-ear are $199.
really, how good can over the ear sennheiser momentum be? the cost is under $200.00. i upgraded my sennheiser hd650, because i didn't think they were that great. also, the hd650 cost me $480.00 plus taxes.
a professional review from innerfidelity.  "i love these headphones"  http://www.innerfidelity.com/content/i-love-these-headphonesthe-nad-viso-hp50
for those looking at the momentums, they were on my list before i ordered the nad hp50's.  love these cans!  the may look awkward, but i'll listen to them at home most of the time anyway and care more for the sound than the look.  great open sound and imagain for a closed can.  they seal really well, and i wear them while mowing and do a great job of sealing out the noise.  http://nadelectronics.com/products/headphones/viso-hp50-over-ear-headphones there are lots of feedback on these headphones on boards like head-fi.  here is one comparing the two: http://www.head-fi.org/t/706770/nad-hp50s-vs-momentums-a-short-review-comparison
@brad, i reckon those were the on-ear because they are regularly $199.95.
@ larry my 2 cents...! i have the over ear. like them best.
i saw some momentums at best buy on sale for $150 last week. tempted but i've already overspent my discretionary budget this month.
@larry, yes, i got them at an apple store about 9 months ago, i think? they are wonderful. beautiful sound.
yes - those are the ones.  unfortunately, the apple store only had the on-ears to try out. but again, i was very impressed with those.
http://en-us.sennheiser.com/over-ear-headphone-momentum-stereo
yes. momentum's come in the two flavors.  the on-ears sounded great, but i'd prefer the over-ears, as i heard they sound a little better and have better noise isolation.
these are the ones i have, and they are over-ears. sorry. i didn't even know they made on-ear momentums.
wait. by over-ears you mean they completely cover your ears, not just sit on top of them, right?
they are over-ears. i am not a fan of on ears, @larry. thanks, @lisa! tada! do i win a prize? like a double-signed neil young poster? no? i thought not. ;-)
ob- on ears, or over ears?
just tried out a pair at an apple store last weekend, on-ears. sounded great and felt incredible.  they didn't have the over-ears, which is what i am thinking of. tempted to wait till i have the pono, then take it into a bb and try the momentums out with the pono.
@ o'b you are comment # 12,000 on pono! congratulations!
@ob. thanks much. they should complement my martin  logan's.
@peter, i have some, and i love them. wear them at work over eight hours a day while i proofread. fantastically comfortable and sound amazing.
@lisa, it's awesome to experience it live!!!  and that is how love/give/righteousness/pono does, it flows on…even as adam allowed it to flow through him in the song he wrote for bono!  @brad  i love the lazaretto vinyl!  it is loaded with fun tricks and the depth resonance, and dimension on some of the guitar licks is incredible…something you can only experience live, analog or hr!  like the sound of high voltage arcing out close and in person!  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@ carlos (chikinhed!) yep, i was there & i saw that happen in person. it was awesome! it did not surprise me though, bono is a very generous person. he gave adam, (whom he pulled from the crowd and who is blind), one of his most prized possessions to take home. bono gave him his green gretsch! in turn, adam soon wrote a song for bono, it is called. 'hand in the darkness'. @peter i got the senns on o'b's rec! saving them for pono, they may pair well with iphone too!
speaking of jack, his new album is available in 24/192 on super hirez. http://store.acousticsounds.com/d/98587/jack_white-lazaretto-flac_192khz24bit_download already have the vinyl but may have to grab this digital version for the pono.
just ordered some sennheiser momentum on ears. i couldn't resist the comfort and gorgeousness. any love here for them.?
@lisa  thats it!!!  that is pono!!!  that is representative of the best of what we can experience in this existence…righteousness :)
@carlos watch what he does at 3:10 !!! https://m.youtube.com/watch…
@lisa  yes i have!  i enjoy studying how different folks/artist go about creating!  that was an excellent way to show three very different perspectives and approaches to creating music!!!  to me it speaks to what we discussed the other day about pono being truth per say.  just being you…and letting it unfold as it may.  jack has some fun and interesting perspectives on creativity, particularly his earlier perspective as a minimalist (white stripes) and creating from there.  sorta reminds me of some of the good ol southern cookin!  folks didn't have much to work with, so the constraints were conducive to creating some good a$$ fixins :)  when you no longer have a divide between the receiver of the art, the art & the artist….it is at this point that the artist has arrived!  ja3k white arrived…again,in madison last night ;)
make that 'it might get loud'! auto correct ;-)
@dan thank you for your memory ;-) @o'b thanks! @carlos you are too funny! have you seen 'it a might get loud'? jack, jimmy, & edge ;-)
i was travelling in indonesia about 20 years ago and heard someone playing and singing imagine in a courtyard as i was walking by. it was a really nice rendition and so i went in to see who it was and give my thanks. it was a local teenager with an old beat up guitar and when i started talking to him he shyly shook his head since he couldn't speak any english. it struck me then that the song was working ....
jack is one cool muther firestarter!  cant wait to hear his work on pono!  check what he does at the 4:40 mark!  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@lisa, i love that. very cool memory. i don't think we're that far off the subject. anyway, who cares if we are? it's an important subject. llp
was reminded of something i had not thought of in a long while...when my daughter was a little girl and reagan was president, my dad had the idea of sending her butter battle book to mr. gorbachev. it was wrapped and posted to him. don't know if it was received or not but it was sent. we may be getting off subject here, but is that not what pono is all about, righteous truth. may be why i admire souls like eddie, jack, bono, and john. blessed are the peacemakers. llp
i heard imagine sung by a christian-arab teenage girl in haifa, israel, two years ago at an open air concert. i cried all the way through and still hope and dream......
@lisa  a couple of years ago we went to hear a performance of imagine in liverpool cathedral. it felt ironic in that venue and therefore somehow even more provocative, potent and poignant. it was played at a funeral for someone very close to me too, and united everyone. as i am sure it has for so many. i have the cartoon strip of imagine on the fridge here. http://static.neatorama.com/images/2013-09/imagine-colored-by-pablo-stanley.jpg
@jim mais oui...
hey ian,  if you're serious about a voyage to the new world, i can contact you on ponopeople.org to let you know what i'm doing down here and best times to come and places to stay and things to do.   you're fast and bulbous over there n'est pas?
i want pono to... https://www.youtube.com/watch…
http://www.rollingstone.com/music/news/eddie-vedder-reinforces-anti-war-stance-plays-imagine-at-concert-20140721
so when is the new website available? i have ordered a player for december but am really curious about the albums that will be available.
@brian, yes. music and pono are always good. they help, certainly. :-)
@o'b, mondays can suck.  music always helps.  storms here, music and pono always uplifting, even on a monday :)
@linda, thanks for the post.  mike mettler is expected (i think) to publish a full review of pono in sound and vision.
sorry, i typed the - as _ this is the link  http://www.popsci.com/article/gadgets/hi-fi-roars-back-life
@linda, there is nothing at that link. i get a 404 error. and welcome!
i have not been on the comment before because i did not know it was here!
hi all, just wanted you to know that i have read this review by someone who is a music lover and it looks like he got hold of of pono here is the link www.popsci.com/article/gadgets/hi_fi_roars_back_life
today feels like monday. hardcore. i've been listening to beth gibbons and rustin man. love. it helps. a bit. :-/ i'm looking forward to those first pono reviews rolling in, too, @brian. i hope they are choosy about who gets to review it.
i'm really looking forward to the reviews of the pono.  i guess the guys need to be careful who gets a review sample.  it was amazing to see so many publications and websites, "review" the player without ever seeing or hearing one, i figure those, "reviewers" will not get a pono to review due to their lack of professionalism.
paranoia strikes deep into your life it will creep it starts when you're always afraid step out of line, the man come and take you away
just pono, music, ny. not ozzman35 goodnight and peace
the grass is growing way to fast, and i am not seeing any pollinators ;(
@sean, hint, mention music or pono in each post, then you're never off topic :) @o'b, it is pretty.  an american buddy of mine told me about him and i'm really pleased he did!
@sean, that's exactly what i thought. hahaha. ;-)
o'b, looks like he's gathering evidence... :)
@brian, i love that version. so pretty. i want that on my pono. i'm still confused about eduard's post ...
the best music i've heard from hawaii is israel kamakawiwo'ole, another sadly departed. http://www.youtube.com/watch… he's going to be on my pono. eduard's post - is that a quiz?
@creator so good to hear from you again!! ponopono
@ ozzman you've gone to barolo (italy) to see neil young & crazy horse?
that's weird. ???
a comment fb profile picture.small         ozzman 3 minutes ago it's not a tumor, it's pono         fb profile picture.small         ozzman 1 minute ago @hint: i can see the swiss alps from my room         1509982 10152294618440539 1071080648 n.small         o'boogie 6 minutes ago @ozzman @dana, i thought he was blushing. then i realized what he probably meant. haha.         dana profile 351.small         dana gibson 9 minutes ago @ozzman i red that you had gone rouge         slide1.small         ian kendrick 31 minutes ago @jim will take you up on that. would be good to meet up. :o)         image.small         jim humphry 34 minutes ago you're on ian. i'm coming back in sept.-oct. (i remember england in the fall). :)         img 0161.small         chikinhed 6 minutes ago my hed hurts         erast cover crop.small         erast fandorin 26 minutes ago @ ozzman you may have gone rogue but i hear rick r is still lookin' for ya!         no wonder he didn't know who steve v was......... :)         fb profile picture.small         ozzman 21 minutes ago @o'boogie, i've gone rouge, but still around...         1509982 10152294618440539 1071080648 n.small         o'boogie about 1 hour ago @ozzman, i recognize the photo, but you keep changing your name! confusing. :-) glad you are here.         fb profile picture.small         ozzman about 1 hour ago
it's not a tumor, it's pono
@hint: i can see the swiss alps from my room
@ozzman @dana, i thought he was blushing. then i realized what he probably meant. haha.
@ozzman i red that you had gone rouge
@jim  will take you up on that. would be good to meet up. :o)
you're on ian.  i'm coming back in sept.-oct.  (i remember england in the fall). :)
my hed hurts
@ ozzman you may have gone rogue but i hear rick r is still lookin' for ya! no wonder he didn't know who steve v was......... :)
@o'boogie, i've gone rouge, but still around...
@ozzman, i recognize the photo, but you keep changing your name! confusing. :-) glad you are here.
@ sean f. i don't normally post either, after this past weekend, not sure why i still am :) but this pono thing is running through my blood.
thanks @joe for the link
if you're a beatles lover and want an interesting take on some of their recordings then and now give a listen to home theater geeks podcast episode htg 215. well worth an hour of your time i would think.  http://www.podtrac.com/pts/redirect.mp3/twit.cachefly.net/audio/htg/htg0215/htg0215.mp3
@wc i think i know how to take that....
@ian kendrick, you should check out weird al's tribute to zappa, "genius in france".
@seán    had a good listen to arve henriksen, like what i hear. very reminiscent of some of david sylvian's work. not sure if you are familiar with him? some of his stuff very accessible, others not so. lead singer with japan (but a much bigger solo catalogue) and collaborator with all sorts of folk, including mark ribot, great bass player. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@jim  can i join you next time? please?
here comes honey boo boo!
just walked back down the sidewalk from 'the tipsy tuna' where the 5 piece band across the almost empty dance floor consisted of electric keyboards and vocal, conga, electric bass, maracas, and turtle shell.   the music is this beat heavy melange of garifuna and reggae and whenever they were between songs the wind and the waves filled the space.  walked a ways with evan, one of the wood carvers who said he was 'stoned to the bone' but loved feeling the music and watching it performed while feeling thus.  then he rode off on his bicycle, looking for a burger.    another chapter in the musical that surrounds us.
"know whatcha mean. say no more. say no more."
@john, errrrm. i, um, found it? online? via a website? *wink wink nudge nudge*
o'boogie, how are you watching monty python live? i noticed it was supposed to be on at a theater up in louisville earlier today (2:30 p.m.) and is to be re-broadcast on the 22nd and the 24th (but no re-broadcast at my theater). is it on some kind of pay per view or something?
sounds great, @carlos! i'm watching monty python live. i love it. wish i'd seen one of the ten shows at the o2, but this will have to do.
watching chuck berry hail! hail! rock 'n' roll  great stuff :)
today i've been all over the musical map. i've been listening to johnny hartman, then i turned on the honeydrippers, sea of love. hadn't listened to that in yonks. what a great ep volume 1 is. i have it on vinyl somewhere. hope you've all had a great sunday.
brian, youtubed beth gibbons and rustin man and have actually heard some of this before.  just thought it was portishead.  good stuff.
@brian, i wish i could watch the sopranos like i'd never seen it before. it's such a great series, start to finish.  hope you are enjoying it. i'd forgotten about dolphins being in an episode.
i'm watching the sopranos season 6 and an episode last night featured dolphins by fred neil and also had a mention of lionel trains and neil young.
@o'b, that's a great album, beth gibbons' vocals are really good and the instrumentation is very atmospheric.  i am a big talk talk fan too and, for me, that album shows the influence of those guys.
@carlos. and beginner's mind too...
@carlos  i mentioned my son earlier, one of his favourite sayings is 'take no notice of that man behind the curtain'. spot on. (expanded) present moment awareness and mindfulness are key i feel... thanks for the update on the two guys, they both sound very interesting. will look closer...
wallpaper is great!  as long as you know that it is wallpaper and not the wall it hangs on.  but when you sell wallpaper as the wall itself then you are being non-pono..you are being nono.  this will be made clear in october and if you thought it was a big deal to see the wizard of oz behind the curtain, wait till you see the wall paper peel off the walls, lol!   https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@ian, peter was born in germany, but spent his adult years in the states.  nahko was born in oregon and is a mix of indigenous people puerto rican and filipino.  peter & nahko both lived in the islands, peter just moved back there from boulder, co.  seeing what is can be difficult, lol.  i have found that the reason it is difficult for me to see what is at times is because my mind is to busy trying to figure it out...label it!  when i am merely present and not thinking too much, then i can see what is, in that moment.  i also understand that what i see as is, is only through my experience and there are a gazzillion truths at the same object through a gazzillion eyes, consciousness and minds.  it takes practice to see what is for what it is, unless you are a new born child, lol.  i like to go out in the woods or the garden and look at stuff without thinking/label things, just observe.  at some point the mind can't take it and starts the label maker, lol.  oh look at that red bird!  even though i already saw it for what it was, the mind is not satisfied until it tells you what it thinks it is.  yes the world needs people like neil young.  and in fairness, the world has been fortunate to have the likes of neil (wild man screaming in the wilderness) throughout human history.  they are a voice that serves a collective consciousness.  they know it too!  they know it and they honor the gift.  they hold it with hands open, if they try and grasp it, then it is no longer.  that is pono :)
seán ... lol. i know exactly what you mean. garbarek a norwegian saxophonist. does avant grade stuff but some that is accessible to. records on ecm, sometimes with the hilliard ensemble.
i meant, listen to coltrane's africa brass for three days straight.
ian, i have seen his name (garbarek) on other records (charlie haden), i think.  but not familiar.  i like jazz and some experimental music, but am no expert for sure.   i find if i listen to too much jazz, the rest of my music begins to sound too uncomplicated and i start to lose enjoyment in other forms of music.  strange, but true.  try listening to coltrane's africa brass then early beatles.  you won't be able to stand it.  :)
@seán .... found this fem cartography. very nice... https://www.youtube.com/watch… i assume you are au fait with jan garbarek?
there's this from last year or year before about hollis.  it's not like he's not fiddling around with music unless it's an outtake from something else... http://www.stereogum.com/1159082/mark-hollis-arb-section-1/mp3s/
@seán ...  is the mention of jimmy finn that got me. have consulted mr google on the matter and can't get a handle on it. np
@brian, i'm obviously not sean (although that is my brother's name), but i love out of season. a very close friend turned me on to it a few months back. :-) spirit of eden is an all-time favorite, too.
ian, i don't know the answer to that question.  i don't think that i could make that assumption by hearing just the lyrics...hollis knows, but have never read anything on any of his specific inspirations. brian, i have heard of the records and know they exist.  never flushed it out, as i tried to follow hollis and not his bandmates.  i will search it out though, and give it a listen. have you guys heard that arve henrikson (jazzish) record called cartography?  it reminds me of this talk talk record in structure and feel.  no singing though.
@sean, have you heard the beth gibbons & rustin man album, out of season?  lots of the talk talk guys on that album - i love it.
@seán , a spirit of eden question. do you know if the first track about the mark twain character? or another?
@seán  first of all, hope you don't mind the accent above the a. a mate of mine is irish and i set it for him as an autocorrect. i agree with you about connections. is what this is all about. it's about the music, the love of it, the ethos behind it and the connection that liking such music entails. well, is for me anyhow...  perhaps best expressed by someone on a documentary about ship building. a philosopher, he just said "it's like this, if you don't like ship building then i don't think you can be my friend". may sound a bit harsh, but i sort of know what he means... on the matter of cocteaux. now have blue bell knoll and holv in 24/96. have not had chance to listen to them on the 'big' system, just the one in the office (been in here all day doing work) and whilst out walking bella the dog for an hour. first impressions are about holv only... i reserve the right to change my mind on these when i have listened to them some more, as once bitten and all that. the 24/96 is very very much quieter than the 16/44.1 from 4ad. recorded at a much lower level, which is something of a relief as i got the impression that the 16/44.1 was really pushing things, even to compression on occasion? it sounds less bright, smoother. have not been able to do a proper a/b, but i have had it on for a while and not felt any need to put something else on, unlike the 16/44.1. and is ok up loud. still a tad bright, but not problematical. that's in the office, will try to grab a listen later on the big system which is dramatically more revealing. the office system is no slouch though and is very much up close and personal... no time to compare with the vinyl of the tracks from holv on stars and topsoil. odd seeing a white vinyl album on the turntable...
@creator, #37 was a wonderful update. thanks for increasing the number of updates and keeping us in the loop. long live pono.
richheart, i've only backed two projects and i can't keep my mouth shut on here!  haha. two ks projects back to back.  what a strange way to buy stereo equipment, i must say. i don't usually post on message boards, but all of you folks here have made this board a wonderful place to discuss and read on subjects that i rarely get to enthuse about in my real life.  for instance, ian, i have never discussed talk talk's spirit of eden with anyone that i had not introduced the album to myself.  that in itself was worth it.  add the cocteau twins stuff in there and it's immeasurable. :) lisa, by the way, i have a pair of beyerdynamic t-90's that i wear at home that are over ear headphones.  the shure 535's are publicly discrete (in ears).  i find them to be great when listening at low volumes and have the feeling that the music is coming straight from my brain instead of speakers on my ears.  strange phenomenon and pleasing.  they are the best sounding headphones with my ipod but not through my computer or home system.  you are right, the pairing of two complimentary elements is very important and subjective.
just glanced at the backers list for this project. looked at a couple of people who had backed 10 or less projects, neither has made a single comment on ks. then i looked at a guy who had backed hundreds of projects, their average number of comments is 1 per 10 projects. not a statistical sample, but the comments section obviously is not fully representative of backers.
@lisa..... little feat... little feat.... love them so.... :) such great lyrics, terrific band, add in session musicians, live stuff....
and some little feat for good measure! @ian @rich someone will get the poster! i hope we hear! surprised we don't have more folks commenting out of 18,000. they may read and only occasionally comment!
@rich. fair comment. some of the other projects are much smaller than this one too.
@ian true. i am just wondering what percentage of backers read the updates. i have seen projects where the creators have had to beg the backers to update contact info and delivery addresses.
@rich i get all updates via email and assume that all backers also receive them in the same way? so not just a question of who posts or visits here? right now i am getting updates on 5 ks projects that i am backing, all come in via email.
@carlos   well put. we can see what we look for, getting past that can be difficult sometimes. seeing what is, is not easy and even if we do, what we see can tell us more about ourselves than the thing itself. for me neil and his counterparts give other perspectives, provocations for us to look and see anew. we need that right now, more than ever maybe? i like the nahko bear piece and the peter kater. both americans?
1500 posters. about 200 people posted on here more than 3 times.  (that's a guess, i didn't count). about 25 people on here, post semi-regularly (again not counting). i wonder how many will see update 37? what chance that the poster lands on somebody's wall without them realising that it is the only double-signed one? a treasure!
maori and hawaiian   undoubtedly wise, truthful, and righteous. just finished listening to michael nymans' the piano. beautiful piano.
to me...pono is truth, and truth is what is...not the illusion/lie of what is.  that is what neil refers to as wallpaper and not what he intended with his music.  the artist is telling a story with/through his art and filters change that story, whether that is good or bad is how one takes it.  sometimes the thickest filters (expectations & preconceptions) are in the receivers mind, lol.  but it is nonetheless different from it's beginning and has become a different truth...as long as it is seen as a different truth and not seen as the truth that it was before the change...when that happens then it is a lie.  and many times this is where we tend to claim it as truth, only to find out that there was more than meets the eye...or in pono's case the ear and of coarse the heart.  it all boils down to intention and what builds from there....imo! there are 2 artist that are associated strongly with the hawain islands that i really enjoy!  their muse is pono! their intentions, their true/pono nature...like neil's are manifest in their compositions. peter kater is one of them.  his music has been very inspirational to me for many years in my own personal art manifestations and i am grateful for his work.  i love peter.  i look forward to hearing his & carlos nakai in pono!!! here is a beautiful piece he composed: https://www.youtube.com/watch… the other is nahko and medicine for the people he to is pono/truth in his music! i believe in the good things (pono) comin :) https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@ozzman, i'm sure a backer will get it. it was put in the box with all the rest! i wish i'd gotten a poster now.
@ozzman and @lisa and @ian pono => one of the backers who pledged for a poster will get it. conspiracy theorists => i didn't pledge for a poster, but that doesn't mean it won't end up on my wall..... (i trust neil does know the difference between pono and the one with an 'r' in it... somebody is going to get that poster... not me :))
anyone thing that one of us backers could get the double signed poster or someone in the loop keeps /gets it?
@lisa can't really explore that topic (seeking truth being righteous) here. does not fit well i suspect, sadly. which is ironic. unless anyone else wants to pick it up....
@lisa @all  given that pono is hawaiian (at least in neil's interpretation, see lisa's post below), i wonder if anyone else has explored hawaiian music? i got into it via ry cooder's 'jazz' album a long time ago and really like some of the islands' musicians. two that come to mind are ozzie kotani and gabi pahinui. both are on the ost to the descendents, a movie i really like. here is ozzie... https://www.youtube.com/watch… and the descendents ost... https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@ ian re: seeking truth is righteous you may be on to something there. is what pono is all about!
@ian your son is wise. i do agree with him.
@lisa my son said to me that he admires people who seek for truth. but he is wary of those that say they have found it. especially if they think it is the truth. but seeking truth is righteous i reckon.
@ian how appropriate that you have said this...! one of the things that musicians like neil have always done is speak truth to power. fearlessly. sometimes for us, sometimes to show us.
@o'b thanks for the lead on the national! will give them a listen! @everyone read this on ponos fb... rua paki ▶ pono music yesterday at 12:05am ·  i like the maori translation of pono myself, and think it may be suited even better than the hawaiian translation. it means truth.
@ sean f. i am saving the shures for pono. i have come to believe though, through my listening experience with the ak120, that an over or around ear headphone will sound better with the player. unless one wants to remain extremely mobile, and even then the momentum is not that large/bulky of a headphone. with the ak120 the hd650's are best for listening at home, have not even used the ie800's with it, though they sound really good and may be best for travel. i believe that the equipment we use is best determined by how we want to use it. everyone is different and has different needs. it may be best to have an in ear and a full size can for pono listening with impedance that match. amazon has been my go to, so not much warranty there, though shipping/packaging excellent. i tried the blue dragon headphone cable from moon audio but i like the stock cable for the hd 650/600's. @ian i saw the red wine upgrade but wasn't interested in modifying. i do have to pair with the vorguze pure amp ll to power the 650's though and they can probably handle even more. this is all new to me, though i am an interested student. love music and never could bring myself to listen on iphone. kind of stopped listening for a while. a shame b/c music can be such a positive influence on life. @dana a-ok, i'm with you. you help balance it out. it may have been your posts asking 'where's the posters!!!' that prompted neil to do the video! we gotta push a little bit if we ever want to see our pono's! he's been working on lincvolt for a looong time ;-) interesting review here...i don't mean to spam and i hope the spam police don't show up ;-) http://www.cnet.com/news/hifiman-ultimate-portable-music-player-will-make-your-ears-jump-for-joy/
@ian @kinch glad you enjoyed cork and liverpool. i was at hyde park and it was terrific. i lucked out and had a media pass. you usually get the first three songs in the pit, but with neil that lasts 30 minutes! definitely unforgettable and a once in a lifetime experience.
@kinch checked out granuaile. she certainly seemed a remarkable person alright. as i have said before, i do not know enough of the history of ireland, only the one we were taught in england, and that, like most histories, is one sided and skewed. am going about correcting it though. a brace of documentary and movie dvds and enrolment in an on line programme may help to bring a more balanced understanding.
@kinch  lots of such songs over the past 50 years or so. one of the things that musicians like neil have always done is speak truth to power. fearlessly. sometimes for us, sometimes to show us. with the web and things like pono, there is - i hope and feel - a new way to connect around such issues and movements.
http://www.lyricsmode.com/lyrics/q/quicksilver_messenger_service/what_about_me.html https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@kinch  thanks for that! who's going to stand up and save the earth? who's going to say that she's had enough? who's going to take on the big machine? who's going to stand up and save the earth? this all starts with you and me... yep, that's the one alright.
https://www.youtube.com/watch… live at the marquee:-)
@kinch. was wary of using the word, but have consulted mr google. totem would seem to be right, rather than statue i think.
@kinch  sd cards should really be treated the same way as the rest of the system i would have thought. i really don't like most oss these days, they are great at some things but when it comes to security, back up and recovery and the like, they are not so good. such things were figured out a long time ago - apple's time machine gets it right i feel. did you pick up on the new song at the gig? "who's gonna stand up and save the earth?" says it all for me concerning what pono is all about in the bigger picture of things. is what i stand up for. there's a youtube of it being debuted in iceland i think. throughout the liverpool gig he communed with his native american statue. hats off to him for that. spent all day friday learning more of their wisdoms. we need a bit more of them right now.
@ian i loved neil's concert. great fun and great to be able to get so close to the music. we've been unbelievably fortunate to have "live at the marquee" going for so long in cork. we've had neil, csn, james taylor, eric clapton (he dozed through his gig, disappointing) and a whole lot more. fantastic operation. one of the most beautiful things i've seen/heard  was the premiere of "granuaile" by shaun davey back in 1985 or so. look up granuaile - she was a class act back in the 16th century. here's a very interesting article about sd cards and their usage. sd cards present a pretty hefty security risk as presently set up, so google have made efforts to begin to sort that out. this had not been met with universal applause. this article and the comments section following it makes a very good effort at explaining the whole thing. the comments are particularly interesting both for content, and form of argument. http://www.androidcentral.com/kitkat-sdcard-changes
@kinch was on my back under a home built radiogramme with a heathkit amplifier, bsr auto changer record player, downward firing single speaker. and hey joe on a 7inch single. and then bert jansch... turn out to be two of neil's favourites i understand.  been trying to get back to that feeling ever since. occasionally, just occasionally, i do. not sure how neil's cork gig was for you kinch? liverpool was very special indeed. reason to mention it is that live music is the real thing, all else is an attempt to recreate it. and you can't capture presence and spirit with a recording device. well, not with today's tech anyhow. or scale, unless you have the barn....
@ian @alexander nicely put both of you. another thought: when i got my first stereo (cassette based no less) i had an unbelievably marvellous time recording such songs as "summer breeze", "only love can break your heart", "both sides now", "woodstock" etc and playing them back through 4" speakers that came with the unit. do i have as much fun and appreciate the music now, as i had then ? sometimes for sure - "green grow the rushes" by altan, "who knows where the time goes?" by sandy denny or judy collins (judy blue eyes), "cantando" by the bobo stenson trio, and the daddy of them all: "o holy night" from the album "cantate domino". and i'm an atheist:-) but in general, it's heard to get back to those early times of hearing the first strings of "and you and i"  (magic) or the water rushing in on "quadrophenia" or leonard cohen, james taylor, cat stevens etc on a radio or my super-duper (to me) cassette stereo in whatever flat i was in at the time. more barn! how did amy winehouse first hear sarah vaughan? through the all of her bedroom, while her brother was playing the albums in his room alongside hers. dream music: the "live in paris" dvd of diana krall. i've just downloaded the music in 24bit 96khz, but the dvd is stunning.
@alexander   fully agree. i have some albums in 16/44.1 that sound wonderful and others in hi res of various formats that sound so bad that i really i can't listen to them. the ideal is to have great recording, great mastering, great encoding, great dtoa and then great replay chain after that. the big lesson when vinyl came of age was that the front end was the most important part of the replay chain. if that is not good then no amount of correction or high quality will correct it. when the a&k arrived i was really surprised at how fantastic some albums on cd sounded that i had more or less written off and like everyone else i am looking forward to hearing how the same files/albums i love will sound on the ayre designed pono. am very hopeful... does anyone have experience of the red wine modifications for things like the a&k? the position i am putting forward is really that we do not, as yet, fully understand how we hear things. i suspect that it will get clearer in the next few years though.
ian: nice writeup, however i believe quite firmly (based on experience) that hi-res is one of the least important features of good sounding music. good recording, mixing, mastering and design and implementation of the playback hardware are so much more important than eventual bitrate (not just by a small factor either), that it pretty much becomes a non-issue. which doesn't take away from the fact that i still rather have my music in a format with the least amount of loss,  but i *much* rather have a well recorded 16bit flac than a slightly less well recorded hd track. for me the ability to play hd is a nice feature because i have a lot of hd files. but the hopefully good playback quality of the ayre-enhanced output section is much more important in realizing a high quality sound output than the fact that it does 24 bit.  not trying to kill your argument, just trying to put it into perspective.
@everyone in the thread about hi res and being able to hear the difference... am now pretty well convinced that in the next few years we will start to understand how we react to very high frequencies, and get to grips with the way that we can sense them, but not using our ears. the evidence is mounting all of the time, as in the tony bolton article and others dating back awhile. as i understand it, our autonomic nervous system occupies about 90% of our brain power to enable it to just work away doing its incredibly clever thing. the 10% that is left over is what gives us conscious thought. it is with that 10% that we try to understand what the other 90% is up to. i had to read about a lot of how it all works as part of my job. had to buy a dictionary as there were lots of words i had not heard of before. we all know that however good headphones may be, they don't make our chest cavity resonate the way real deep bass does. at the neil gig last sunday, my whole body was vibrating and it just felt brilliant. the drums hit me hard, physically, the deep bass did not hurt my ears but everything shook. maybe, just maybe frequencies above 20khz have a similar affect? my understanding is that we resonate at around 7hz. weapons have been built on that principle. the notion that we can only hear 20hz - 20khz is sacrosanct. unchallengeable. a certainty. evidence is staring to build that it may be a false certainty. wouldn't be the first time in our evolution. tests that make people focus on what they hear with their ears may not take into account other ways in which we are affected by things. the 'man in the gorilla suit' video that has been used over and over to show that when we focus on one thing, we block out other things and do not notice them, even though they are there, is about misdirection. i think that we self-misdirect all the time, have spent the last 10 years looking into it and am now as certain as i will allow myself to be. otherwise i too may fall into the trap of false certainties. i reckon i have seen maybe a thousand people watch the basket ball players in the video. only maybe 2 or 3 in every 100 see what is really going on. the rest are misdirected to blank out what is right there in front of them a fair number will say that it was a different video and never accept that they were hoodwinked by it. in truth the video did not do the hoodwinking, they did, individually. not deliberately, but as a side effect of the way our autonomic systems and our conscious thought interact. if we focus our conscious thought on one thing then, unknowingly, it seems we divert attention away from other things. and the other things may be more important that the things we are focusing on. the results can, on occasion be deadly.
@everyone in this thread about flac/wav and stuff... . when i re-ripped my library last year (still not finished..), i read around the subject and decided that there may be an issue in real time decompression of flac, or indeed any lossless codec. so ripped them all at level 0, which is zero compression. trade off is higher storage costs and greater traffic across the ethernet when streaming them, but bandwidth seems to be ok. and storage these days is very cheap. i did a comparison of storage costs c.f. when i started in computing (all white coats and clip boards) and reckoned storage is now around one ten millionth of the price it was then, and moore's law keeps on going. all of which would seem to support rich's view. not sure what would happen if the flacs were heavily compressed at level 6 or above, never tried. listening briefly to heaven or las vegas in the office but as i found out last time round, this system tends to make things sound nice. off out with bella the dog for a long walk, away from the british golf open which is about two miles from here. will have a listen on 'phones.  more later...
@doug @siltech @ian @kinch @dan @sean.....(anyone i missed out?) in no particular order. i have noticed a preference when wired streaming from jrmc to naim unitiqute 2 (the jr converts flac to wav) as opposed to direct streaming (pulling) by the naim. both beat playing back from jrmc via mac mini, using the naim as dac. weirdly (or maybe not so weird), the biggest upgrade to my digital audio that i have made since the introduction of the naim was, changing my router. the apple (latest) which replaced my linksys (video drop-outs on local streaming) made a difference i was completely unprepared for (nor was i looking for, as i was having no 'problems' with ethernet), when streaming both wav and flac (as described above). still not sure about whether i prefer wav or flac, both sound so good now that i am happy just listening and i am now comfortable at identifying 24/96 as better than 16/44.1 (though not 24/192 as better than 24/96)
many feel that flac can sound as good as wav if the files are played from a buffer. this usually means a computer as source. they feel the problem is decoding the flac in real time. i am using a quadcore amd windows 7 desktop that is only for music. i am not using buffer playback yet. truthfully the oppo is so much better sounding with the external hdd, and easier to use, i may never use the computer/ jriver again. i agree with wav sounding a little looser on bottom. has more of a triode tube sound. i really didn't want to convert all those rips. it was a pain, but worth it to me.
@sean f quieter battery would mean low noise. the battery functions same as a regulated power supply in audio equipment. very clean power is very important in audio and video. they call clean power in amp and preamp black background, lower noise floor, better dynamics, lower distortion, and better sound. this is why i own a ps audio p10 regenerator. a regenerator corrects phase shift, unwanted harmonics, and is regulated voltage. a regenerator is the only product that removes input voltage thd. the only negative is the 72lb ps audiio p10 is very costly. all my components are feed with the p10. sonic bliss is well worth it. all my friends are blown away with my stereos sound. long live pono and its quieter battery power supply.
if you guys haven't watched the documentary about the national called mistaken for strangers, you should. it's an odd little gem, i think. it is available to rent this week for 99 cents on itunes if you are so inclined. if you aren't into the national, i recommend high violet and trouble will find me. vanderlyle crybaby geeks is a beautiful track. give 'em a listen if you aren't familiar.
this thread has introduced me to ( or re-acquainted me with) so much good music and the provenance of same from the experience vaults of so many in this community that i feel blessed.   community is, after all, how the shared experiences of individuals can lead to greater wisdom and understanding by the whole.  i brought no music with me on this short trip south so that need has been satisfied by tracking down references by youse guys on my ipad and listening to the garifuna drums from down the beach on friday and saturday night. i've been reading.   something with a musical reference made me smile.    our intrepid hero is visiting a 'spirit house' in bangkok in the book of the same name  here it is: "off to one side was the band.  two young thais with drumsticks beat a bamboo tube keyboard and jangled bells.  one blew a small horn.  the music swelled like a hazy mist of sound over the street traffic.  it had a high-pitched riot of dissonance, a back-streets-of-the-casbah melody.  it made calvino think of shady deals, gangsters, the front row at kick boxing matches, or a philip glass concert.".           all music is connected on some level and we're all connected with it.
@ eugene v thanks for that link to the axpona 2014 video - that's much longer than the piece i'd seen previously. i don't have time to watch the whole hour now but i will go back & do so tomorrow. interesting information shown on the slides - the omnifone connection was already mentioned there, i notice. john hamm also talked about future versions of pono. i look forward to seeing the whole presentation. cheers
check out "red wine audio"  very serious battery powered equipment.  nice stuff.
in the little i know about battery powered amplifiers, the power they have sometimes impacts the dynamics. it could have a lower noise floor and "deeper blacks", which should also mean cleaner sound overall...
found it! - https://www.youtube.com/watch…
hmmm, what does a quieter battery mean?  hmmm.
i remember hearing that the triangular shape of pono helps it accommodate a larger and (in john's words) "quieter" battery. if i can find the video i'll post it.
kinch, even though i didn't bother to read through the discussion on batteries and the ibasso...i don't disbelieve it.  actual voltages and what is written on the battery covers have variances if checked, so maybe there is creedence.  i know from the use of lighting equipment and guitar pedals, slight differences make a big deal on how a product will perform.  can also be variances in the product itself, as something stated to work at say 9v actually works "best" at 10v (or smaller variances).  something like that, of course that is just a generality from experience with other forms of electronics.
all the people who pay an annual (3rd world) salary for a power cable... i can't believe that there is a sonic difference but then again, i've not tried one myself.
@kinch i know... and thanks :)
time to sleep, perchance to dream. sleep well. hope all is well in your area richheart, and that things settle down soon.
not serious by the way!
until proven otherwise
@richheart. i'm right. i know i am:-)
re: flac v wav and other phenomena. so often we are sure that what we have always thought, is right. if we listen open mindedly, we may just hear the earth spinning :) i'm still open on the wav v flac. there was a time when i was sure 128mp3s sounded as good as the cds i ripped them from.
http://www.head-fi.org/t/697035/ibasso-dx90-dual-sabre-1st-page-to-reformat-latest-fw-download-general-information/7110 there's an interesting thread going on there (inside the main thread) the gist of which says that with the ibasso dx90, sound resulting from playing with a certain make of battery is different from sound produced with a different make of battery. with the pono we won't have to face that arguement, given that it is designed with a non-user changeable battery. @dan you may very well be right there. analysis has been done on a bit for bit comparison between .flac and .wav rips - so we're told:-) and supposedly what is found are exact copies. the speed and method of conversion may have some sort of impact, i'll live with .flac for the moment, and rely on open source. agnostics rule:-)
@kinch - there is a difference in the way the 1's and 0's are converted back to analogue and how faithfully that conversion recreates the original analogue signal. so package "a" may not do the job as well as package "b".  additionally that stream of 1's and 0's may not be an accurate representation of the original signal. once things are in the digital domain the signal is fairly robust but both the input and output conversion points are weak points in the system. then of course you have to consider what is done to the converted signal before it reaches your ears ... so plenty of opportunity for less than perfect reproduction.
@seán   hi. holv 1.3gbyte download....
@kinch @doug two very different views... have to say that the whole meta data issue was something that helped me decided to go down the flac route. especially after the really stupid way itunes handles meta data, which almost feels like part of a lock in to me. have not yet got an opinion about flac vs wav as i have not really had occasion to compare. have now. with the original cd of heaven or las vegas, the 4ad 14/44.1, the bleep 24/96 wav and the tracks from holv on stars and topsoil, i have some way of comparing things. the kit i use is ok, not the best, but ok and hopefully enough for me to form some kind of opinion. is lateish here, have just had holv on from 24/96 wav. initial impressions are that it sounds glassy. but can't play it at a proper level. can do that tomorrow...  i just want their albums to sound as i think they should - all wafty and floaty and sweet and ethereal. as seán  said a while ago. and this also points out that just because something is remastered and hi res, it doesn't have to always sound better. after hearing sean's comments on the original vinyl, think discogs may be getting an order for an original of holv...
ian, curious to see what you think of the cocteau download. on the wav discussion, i've also thought the wav conversion sounded more "alive".  but on that note, also "looser" and a bit out of control with the bass.  like the gain is turned up.  i don't like it as much for that reason and the fact that they are hhuuugggeee files in comparison to flac.  i can't tell you which one sounds more "right" though. why they seem different is also a mystery, as they are both lossless and, as been said, a management of 1' and 0's?
@jim humphrey not a matter of cup half empty......the cup just seems too small sometimes. there are always things that need to be done. i like to push a little to see things happen. the pre-ordering is important for the business.
@ian, i have some experience with wav vs flac. ripped about 70% of my cds to flac. so 3 years later i find that i am jumping from song to song instead of playing albums. heard about wav and used dbpoweramp to convert flac to wav. using the computer into the oppo 105 dac, flac seemed a little worse sounding. the wav had more three dimensional sound and was less dry sounding. a small worthwhile difference in sound quality. later i hooked the external hard drive directly into the oppo dac. it sounded much better than my music only computer. now wav sounds even better than flac. have converted all my flac. good news is flac converted to wav sounds as good as wav to start with. bad news oppo can't show album covers with wav. also found the different flac compressions don't all sound exactly alike.
@ian, whatever one can do with electronics, it would be hard to understand that  sound would change depending on whether a multiplicity of 0 and 1s comes from package a or package b, the only difference between a and b being the colour of the wrapping paper. have to say, i think naim are off their collective trolleys on that one i.e wav and flac sounding different.
forgotten..... i have stars and topsoil on white vinyl. have some time tomorrow to compare the various versions...
some people (like naim i think) reckon wav sounds better than flacs so will try both...
era/ are
heaven or las vegas downloading now. fingers crossed that they era not the same over bright remasters....
nope, just the original cd releases.
brad, that's good news.  let me know what you think of the hi-res version.  i have the remasters on cd and have found them a bit harsh (as mentioned earlier), not too bad though. do you happen to own the cd remasters already?  would love a comparison.
@sean i just downloaded heaven or las vegas. it's 24/96 wav. i presume straight from the digital master, so that's pono. :) i'm going to convert it to flac, tag it, and give it a spin.
i really enjoyed reflektor, but it's in third place for me behind funeral and  the suburbs.
man that is a brilliant album. i had pledged for the same le but jumped for a csny when it came up. what do you think of reflektor?
@kevin i ordered the arcade fire le. i'm really hoping for a high-res copy of funeral.
@o'b, for sure ;)
great to have another update. i like hearing everyone's music choices, it all helps to expand my own. currently listening to paul buchanan's solo album mid air. i'd love to hear the blue nile albums on pono. looking forward to the update that let's us know what albums will be on the different le's. i really don't care what comes on my csny but déjà vu and 4 way street would save me having to buy them again:)
@brian,  i'm the same. exactly. i just wish i knew the people then that know now. but at least i know them now, right? ;-)
here's some mmj & ny together singing hm from oct. 2013. http://youtu.be/sadau9c3ms4
lisa, i have a pair of shure 535 in ear headphones as well.  i love them with their neutral sound and tight bass.  i've had the 500 series for a bunch of years now.  they used to have a lifetime warranty (unheard of especially for in-ears) and every couple of years i would send them back to shure and get a new pair when they wore out or something bad happened to them.  shure had greeatt customer service.  now, i think, it's only a two or three year warranty.
brad, took a look at the cocteau twins downloads.  offered in 24 bit wav files.  does it happen to mention the khz?  these are my two favorite records by them.  love frou-frou foxes in midsummer fires.  it took me years to figure out that they were singing in  english (haha, but true). there wasn't a wealth of information on them when the vinyls came out (no internet), just pictures of them in japanese pop magazines written in japanese.
@o'b, don't we all still feel around 17-18?  i do, i still love the music i loved then and most of my beliefs and character were formed then and remain the same.  just wish i had a pono back then and the friends i have now.
follow up on the cocteau twins discussion: 24-bit versions of the blue bell knoll and heaven or las vegas remasters are now available on bleep. $17.99 each. my understanding is the vinyl download card is only for mp3.
@mom, thanks! i act about 17. :-)
what it is about driftn back that just takes me to utopia. wish i could stay there.
@creator, yesterday was a great day for pono, thanks for the updates.  i loved the clip of neil signing the posters.  the clarification on the player was very interesting.  neil as ceo has always seemed smart to me, the doubters clearly hadn't read neil's book, he is an entrepreneur with great experience of this and other industries.  he also has passion and great energy for this project.  llp! @o'b, you're never 42, you look more like 32!
@lisa, i love harvest moon, too. glad you got a big compilation! be sure to let me know what you think of our girl aretha.
harvest moon now. one of neil's finest.
@brian, i was 21 when it came out, so i'm asking myself the same question!
@brian @kinch going to check out altan on another note, can't believe hd tracks sent an email with johnny winters bd incorrect!
ramada inn  turned it up some more ! @brian @edward i like for autocorrect to spell 4 me, just need to proofread. getting used to interpreting, don't really want to turn off! @brian googled it, should be disc! neil's guitar sings on this song :-)
lorde is at the ripe old age of 17. adele is an ante-deluvian 25. that puts the rest of us in the pliocene or thereabouts.
@eduard, i know.  i got a new phone recently and have been busy doing lots of new things with it, i'll get to autocorrect soon. @lisa, i think disk is generally magnetic storage, disc is generally optical storage but it's no big deal. @o'b, 21 years - that's scary, where did that time go?
@brian, i want i'm alive on my pono for sure. ;-) it is unfairly maligned. and it's stood up to the test of time, too. can't believe it came out 21 years ago. :-/
@brian "does everyone hate autocorrect as much as i do?" you can always turn it off u know
does everyone hate autocorrect as much as i do?  ks does autocorrect pono to porno.  my phone autocorrects kinch to lunch, some of those corrections are so bad that there must be a better algorithm around surely.  when we migrate from ks, an edit function is going to be very useful.
that kinda sounds like porno graphy. neil said we would know the difference. we are pono!
is it disc or disk?
@o'b getting aretha's queen of soul now ;-) 4 disk
@o'b, happy bopping, that jb album is great, i'm not a fan of the review it gets on allmusic.com.  it's going on my pono for sure ;)  when the le players were available, there were just too many that i wanted. @kinch, the history and contribution of families to irish music is amazing.  i need to rip island angel now and will check out another sky.  i've being going for 64gb microsd cards - they're just great value.  it's great to know you can carry huge amounts of music on a few little memory cards. @lisa, the pono community is great! :-)
driftin back on the yamaha now loud. bose surrounds ;-)
@brian  nice one:-)  in return, i think karen matheson and and capercaiile do some lovely stuff. mairéad ní mhaonaigh's voice on "another sky"' especially on green grow the rushes, girl from the north country, and eoghainín Ó ragadáin are such stuff as dreams are made on.  gleanntain ghlas ghaoth dobhair which is an absolutely gorgeous song was written by mairéad's dad. talk about a legacy!
@brian, thanks! i'm glad you're here, too. it's a more pleasant place when you are. :-) i've been listening to iron & wine, and now i might be bopping around to everywhere i go from i'm alive by jackson browne. lovely little saturday morning ditty. have a good saturday, y'all.
@brian thanks! i think we've all got a great sense of pono community going here! i do love the music, the suggestions, reading the comments! looking so forward to pono!
@kinch, i love island angel by altan.
big recommendation for "another sky" by altan. magic stuff. if carlsberg made records...
great to see those updates yesterday which was a great pono day.  i do hope i get the double signed golden ticket poster. @lisa & o'b - the blowers daughter is a lovely track.  this is such a cool place to hear about music new or freshly remembered.  nice to see you two on here, i think this place is much better when there are ladies around. :-)
@o'b the blowers daughter on repeat ;-) yep, moments back in the beginning, may match ponos impedance. hd 650's my favorite right now with the ak120, better than 600's. shure 535's will match pono as well. right now, o on the bose. tried csny blu ray on car stereo, no go! need to update that! there are as many ways to listen to music as there is music to listen to. and then there's all of us, with all off our different likes. that's what makes it all so special right now. how fortunate we all are ;-)
@lisa,  you are very kind to say so. i really enjoy this place. met lots of very cool and lovely people — like you! i'm thrilled you love the damien rice! it's a beauty. i've been listening to it all week. delicate is just gorgeous. aretha's soul queen may be a uk release, but if you can find a two-disc set of her best, i think you'll find the breadth and depth of her work stunning. really moving stuff. just listening to her version of dark end of the street myself! :-) didn't know you picked up the momentums in my rec, but i'm glad you like them. they are my go-to headphones right now.
@o'b listening to damien rice o rite now. jim found a double cd. i really like it! delicate (b side)...;-) you have turned me on to a few good things here, the momentums, aretha's soul queen, still looking for that!, did find another 2 disk though, and this o!!! thanks, you contribute a lot to these comments!
@everyone. once pono music is up and running and the player has shipped, do you think there will be other pono kickstarter projects? headphones are a possibility.
@lisa, sounds great, i bet. i'm up far too early for a saturday. couldn't sleep! i'm listening to peter mulvey.
telemann recorder suite in a minor sounds good on this rainy morning
@peter rustin, your probably right about psychedelic pill being on the nych player, thankfully i have one off those coming also.
@erast fandorin, ha ha, you uk folks have a great sense of humor, always loved benny hill rip.
@doug adams i agree. specs are one of the most overrated and least interesting aspects of music reproduction hardware. awesome audiophile equipment typically measures worse than cheap chinese run of the mill stuff, and publishing the numbers will only distract from what matters: how it sounds.
happy saturday everyone! "what the world needs now, is pono, sweet pono..." @ponomusicteam thank you for the video! neil, you make a very good looking ceo! @creator thank you for the post and for keeping us updated! very much appreciated ;-)
octupus' garden has a great sense of timing and superb bass line. i too have a soft spot for side 2 of abbey rd. @mom i'm not perfect, i change mode and sometimes change my mind. sometimes it's a matter of degrees.  bottom line:- if we are honest, we are all hypocrites in some instances. part of living in an imperfect world and being human.
if i were pono, there would be no "sound specs" released. detracters and competitors will use those numbers to "prove" the pono player is not as good as their cheap, not designed for sound, phone or whatever machine. as already mentioned none of these numbers really tell you how it will sound. does an audio research, ayre, or krell measure better than a smart phone's analog output stage? doubt it, with all the negative feedback. anyone doubt they sound better than a phone?  the output impedance spec is more a matching spec than an absolute sound quality sign post. look at the uproar that one spec caused.
@ siltech creator clearly says in the latest post that things are still at the prototype stage (level 4) - with another prototype iteration to come - so it's rather pointless asking for tech specs now. creator also stated much earlier in the campaign that they don't want to lose competitive edge by releasing specs for other manufacturers to see. i suspect the specs won't be released till september (or whenever some players are released for review), so i think you'll have to hold your horses until then. i realise you're eager & enthusiastic but tech specs won't convey how it sounds or feels, so wait until you've got your own sweet pono player in your hands and fire it up with some music!
@ steve v some of us go back & read all the posts we missed overnight, ya know! excuse me....... hi, is that rick? steve v says hi....... (joking!)
@eduard those were the days indeed:-) my first computer was a siriius with twin 5 1/4" 1.2mb floppies running pcdos. beautiful thing. thankfully i forget the price:-)
@creator: thanks for the update. and i don't mean the postersigning video but the one you posted here. such things are important for backers, knowing that you are still on schedule for timely delivery of the pono players and that the ceo-change was apparantly not caused by any internal conflicts.
@kinch i bought the same sd card (amazon, on sale no spam intended). have seen the 128gb as well, ur right, too expensive but when the 256 comes out, they too will drop in price, just have to live long enough and everything will be cheap. my first experience with computers was in 1973, an ibm with 16kb internal memory, stored on a mylar strip programming them in fortran and rpg, those were the days, external memory later on were 2,5 mb disks the size of a oven, they cost $10,000.00 (a piece that is).
@eduard @brian i'm using 64gb sandisk and samsung micro sd cards bought from amazon.co.uk in my dx90. so far both are working perfectly. i've also got 32gb cards from both. the sandisk has a little more available memory (1 gb or so) but is the more expensive of the two. the 128gb cards i've seen are too darn expensive over this side of the atlantic.
@kinch i have been creating a (flac) library for over a year, ripping my cds albums, using eac and also jriver music center. i use jriver to manage the collection so i was thrilled pono will be using their software as well.
@kinch, i've ripping cds for many months and copying to microsd cards.  listening to them via my phone so expecting a huge upgrade from my pono. :-)
anyone been busily ripping the cds etc to .flac or your lossless preference in preparation for the arrival of your ponoplayer? wondering if you could listen to them while rambling around your residence? here's one way: requirements:  1: http://downloads.slimdevices.com/nightly/7.9/sc/ download the relevant version of logitechmediaserver for your computer equipment e.g. windows, mac, whatever flavour of linux you eat with 2: get yourself an lms (logitechmediaserver) front end/controller for your ios or android tablet/phone e.g for ios buy the ipeng 7 app. this is a superb app and has a music player built in. 3: while at your desktop/laptop you could use squeezelite to play your music files enjoy playing all your .flac files while you count the minutes until october:-) any questions ask away.
i would love to see a video of someone thumbing through the touchscreen menu and show off the user interface. will the pono have any type of eq section?  what other user defineable properties might it contain?  hmmmmm...
@creator what are the technical specs of the pono player.  headphone output at various impedance and total db gain, battery charge and play time, channel separation, internal modulation distortion ( imd ), total harmonic distinction ( thd ), the s/n ratio, total audio frequency range, analog amplification class ( ie - class a, ab, ), etc. thanks
@dana, in an update from @creator further down in the comments, he said they are on target to deliver on time.
hey dana.   cup always half empty?
oh well.....not eligible for the golden ticket.....but we did get an update......how about an update on the pre-orders?
just saw the update... i was grinning through the whole video. lucky golden ticket
no problem! i check all the late night talk shows to see if there's any music i might want to dvr and transfer to dvd later on. i've been doing this for a few years now.
@john, yes! i met him last friday night. thanks for the tip. i'll set the dvr. how kind of you. :-)
o'boogie, weren't you talking about how you liked that artist by the name of jeff koons? well, i just noticed he is scheduled to be on late night with seth meyers in just a little over 2 hours from now (i'm eastern time zone).
@brian, which album is that cover on? i want to download it.
@steve. i agree but suspect that psychedelic pill would be a possibility for the nych le, not ny. but we shall see...
@creator thanks. i perhaps misunderstood john. i didn't say it had meridian electronics. i understood him to say that the demo wasn't the final version. i'm very sorry if i passed along anything inaccurate or phrased it wrong. the takeaway for me was that it sounded great and would sound even better in final.  i have complete confidence in pono as both a product and a turning point in how we will listen to music. thanks for the update.
@creator, thanks for clearing up any confusion about the player and neil's role.  hopefully that will inject a little more positive energy around here :-)
during the pledge period, i seem to remember posts and questions about the battery. from what i remember, the battery (at least on the first batch of players) will be built-in and will need to be recharged. when the battery life starts to go, it (the whole player) will probably need to be sent in to pono to have the battery replaced. also, if i remember right, several people posted that they weren't happy with that option...especially those who lived overseas. they were worried about logistics and paying a high price for the whole process. ...at least that what i seem to recall about the battery stuff. i even made mention in my original survey about wanting a battery that you could get to and replace on your own. i hope that is one of the upgrades/changes pono may have seen as a "top priority" and attended to it.
@creator thanks for giving us the scoop. really kind of you to update us. @brian a buzz is good! keeps you awake to get on with things! i'm not sure i've ever heard that i&w cover. i'll have to look it up.
and @all there you have it. thanks creator!
@richheart @peter rustin let me clarify some confusion here. john never demoed a meridian based ponoplayer as no such device exists. the partnership with meridian revolved around a drm-centric approach where their technology was to be used primarily to implement the drm functionality. but we parted ways before any of their technology was actively incorporated into pono or ever impact playback. the internal design of pono has always been pono's. charlie hansen from ayre just took it to a whole new level of clarify and perfection. we are now in our fourth generation prototype with ayre technology and each generation keeps getting better and we're on track to deliver the ponoplayers to you on-time. the next generation prototype we're producing will be of high enough quality to be shipped to customers. the fact that neil stepped into the ceo role is something that was long overdue. he is the creative force and the soul of pono. with this new arrangement, neil is in the right position to make all the key executive and strategic decisions of pono, but without having to run the daily operations since he has a very busy schedule of his own. it is working out very well so far and we expect it to be the best decision for pono in the long run. john's a friend of the company and an investor and we thank him for his contributions to pono and helping us get to this level.
o'b, feel quite buzzed, need to look at the ingredients of those drinks, keeps the music playing.  iron & wine's version of love vigilantes on here, best cover version ever?
my drug of choice pono..eddie vedder
if it is not changeable, there will be times you can't use it mobil because it needs to charge. i always buy extra lithium ion batteries for my many digital cameras. if the pono player has interchangeable batteries a seperate charger would be nice.
@brian, yes! i love stephen stills. would love him on my pono.
@brian, how was the energy drink? haven't tried that one. i am a fan of any and all caffeinated beverages. :-)
o'b, stephen stills will be on my pono, would you like that too?  great album.
i squeezed in a quick nine holes and come back and there are loads of posts.  by the time i get back to the uk there might be a poster and t shirt waiting.  great work from neil young! @doug, you're right about omnifone, i think it's a great bit of business by pono. @simon, zebidee said it's time for bed. just tried a small energy drink called fuel.  love trying new fangled stuff.
orig us pressing vinyl rip  tracklist a1 	love the one you're with steel drums – stephen stills 3:03 a2 	do for the others 	2:52 a3 	church (part of someone) backing vocals – judith powell, larry steele, liza strike, tony wilson (3) 4:05 a4 	old times good times lead guitar – jimi hendrix 3:38 a5 	go back home lead guitar – eric clapton 5:56 b1 	sit yourself down drums – john barbata 3:05 b2 	to a flame conductor – arif mardin 3:10 b3 	black queen 	5:28 b4 	cherokee flute, horns – sidney georgeorgan – booker t. jones 3:24 b5 	we are not helpless backing vocals – booker t. jones, cyrus faryar, henry diltz, shirley matthews*
trying to type on my phone and use those hose doesn't work so well, as i was trying to say is i hope psychedelic pill is one of the 2 lp's that come pre-load on my ny series player. cannot get enough of the record. hint hint neil...
watering my "garden" playing driftin back over and over. hope thats one of the lp -that
i love that album, @christmachine.
right now listening stephen stills -  stephen stills in hi-res
i may have made that up.
@o'b i forget if it was changeable...but it would be nice.
zebedee said...
i thought it had a changeable battery?
let's do kumbaya everyone!!!    https://www.youtube.com/watch…
and now it's the poster i'm looking forward to getting rather than the  t a shirt.   did it get packed in the box?  did it get shipped out?
i know right, i'll quit before the pono police throw me out of here!
has pono mentioned the maximum playing time on a full battery charge? think the battery is builtin. wish it could be swapped out.
what a delightful topic! hahaha. carlos, you are hilarious!
@o'b hey i pood my pants when i came to earth and i'll poo them when i leave, lol.  i'll make sure and were a diaper for the next 2 weeks just in case ;)  but those where the only 2 times...how about you!?
he's so funny and energetic. i want to meet neil so much. maybe one day! couldn't afford one of those dinners. i hope those who did have a great time!!
yes, i too, was glad to see the lightheartedness in the video.  loved it.
@steven...i've been there. nice!
what was fun about that video was seeing neil having fun doing the posters...great energy going into it :)
luv ya all...really do. if if was not for that totally awesome update #37 of ny signing all those posters i would not have even been on the site tonight. anyway of playing all 28 minutes of drifting back here? lol
but i hope you don't poo your pants! haha!
but hey anyone can get it!  the odds to becoming life in existence as a human being were around 250 million to1....and i won that race, so you never know :)
@o'b ;)  i know he's got the signing assembly line down. right! haha
i'm feeling deep regret about not getting one of those beautiful posters. i love neil's flourish when he signs. @carlos, in that case, i hope you get it!
if i by chance get the double signed poster, then i will build a double sided frame and fill the back with pono stuff around neil's sig :)  clearly after i clean my pant's out, lol.
that was a good way to eat up space, mate! well done.
down, down, deeper & down.
best heavy live video ever made..epic http://www.youtube.com/watch…
megadeth - the conjuring lyrics artist: megadeth album: peace sells but whos buying genre: rock heyo! songlyrics just got interactive. highlight. review: riff-it. riff-it good. listen while you read! welcome to our sanguinary sect of worship feel at home in our black conventicle as we anathematize all of those who oppose us don't summon the devil don't call the priests if you need the strength the conjuring, obey behold the flames rise from the compass' cardinal points burn the sacred oil and with the ashes you'll anoint arrange the symbols of the wizard and magician light the candles, place the parchment paper in position between its leaves place the lash from a black cat's eye a straw of a broom, fold and burn and centralize don't summon the devil don't call the priests if you need the strength the conjuring well i am the devil's advocate a salesman, if you will you know my name you know my name i met your father years ago gave him what he'd please he called my name and you call the same i'm claiming what is mine by right it's time to close the deal you're bought and sold bought and sold come join me in my infernal depths mephisto's hall of fame i've got your soul i've got your soul the conjuring, obey read more at http://www.songlyrics.com/megadeth/the-conjuring-lyrics/#wcupaoc2kp3cyecf.99
i saw that was on the front page for a day or two. glad they hit their goal!
by the way people of pono the ballad of shirley collins passed its kickstarter target!  yes, indeed hoorahs all round. but there are still a few days left to grab some fantastic rewards.  there's original vinyl, original stickers, music and film downloads, signed books, pete frame family trees, picnics with shirley, (shirley not! i hear you cry!) film appearances (yes, you on celluloid with legends) .  it's awesome! no idea who shirley collins is?  what!  we'll get out there and listen to "the murder of maria martens" and tell me that that isn't bloody unbelievable.  get on with you now!
it's still showing up on the iphone app. keep posting!
haha lolll...yep. i sell shower curtain rings :)
love that film, simon. loved john candy.
thanks all..my face is pretty red right now and i'm by myself.
hi-five, @christmachine and everyone! i think just about managed it ...
brings to mind a scene from planes, trains & automobiles.
it was an accident, steven. i think it's far enough down now. :-)
getting there. :)
i want my pono! now, preferably. have we pushed it down yet?
i have never posted this many times anywhere in my life. just want to share a cool email from someone. ok, i'm done..
great photo!
i'm thinking i wouldn't take the backstage passes if offered.
for what it's worth, thats me reading waging heavy peace in central park, day after global fest. 9/30/12
da da da do
steven v. banned from every message board 'til the end of time.  :)
get better billy.
movin right along :)
me too sean f, me too..quickly, please!!  :)
pono will be worth the wait...i wonder how the leather cases will look. i'm trying my best here folks.
doug, i think that's a good assessment.  there was that pono "promise" as you have mentioned.  i feel better.... steven, haha....hope they get back to ya' soon. :)
can't wait for my poster's and players to come... uh
i don't follow sports either. errrrr. i can't think of anything to say. seems impossible, i know! haha.
i'll have to just keep leaving post's to bury it deep, i have already emailed to have it removed. how bout those detroit tigers..i'm not a sports fan
i think the omniphone quality question has a pono answer. to get pono music store started we need lots of albums. pono doesn't have time to do it. bring omniphone in, check their files, get pono running. later if bruce b. improves the mastering or gets higher res files, make them available. this is where the pono guarantee comes in. you won't have to pay for the update. this creates customer loyalty. does anyone here listen to any classical music? i listen to a little, and hope it is also represented on pono music. some of the orchestras already release their own high res recordings. go pono!
uh oh. let's all bury that with off-topic posts! quick!
i have a poster coming and i'll be turning mine over double quick! you never know! and btw george's work on octopus's garden is truly sublime.
if it is can someone one on kickstarter please remove my post? rick i'll give ya my phone# if that helps. don't think i'll get as many calls as you though. now you at least know who i am..
hopefully, that's not his phone number?  yikes if is.  :/
oops, hope i didn't just give out to much info. if so, sorry :/
congrats to poster backers. october is just around the corner and i think they're gonna make it. there's a lot of expertise there and they care.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
update 37 is great, posters on their way.  there was never a doubt in my head.
update 37 is great, posters on their way.  there was never a doubt in my head.
now i wish i had a poster coming. i want the one signed on both sides! excellent video, @creator. thanks for the update!
i feel the need to clarify that bjw isn't my favorite beatles song. not even close. my favorites are probably don't let me down, in my life, and you've got to hide your love away. oh, and something. i also have a peculiar fondness for side two of abbey road. :-) @peter, agreed about edils moz has never been better.
@peter, spring heeled jim is great.
@mom thanks for the kind words. i know we all share a love for info and it's great to have a constructive dialogue. soon i'm sure we will have more info; it's going to be really exciting.
@ob eils reigns as moz best. i'm also very fond of first of the gang to die and all of vauxhall. can't wait for hi res morrissey.  the vauxhall 20th anniversary includes a live concert dvd and the whole package is really great. ripped to alac sounds v nice.
@brian, well, when you use those initials for it, it certainly sounds a lot more wrong. haha. ;-)
@sean & @o'b bj way is just so wrong ;)
@o'b so true. i could not have said it better. cheers!
@christmachine the great thing about the beatles is we all have our different favorites. i'm glad that someone loves that song! ;-)
@o'b i love octopus's garden. :( haha
@sean,  we'll agree to disagree. i know it's easy to slag off ringo, but come on. octopus's garden. noooooo. i just can't. and i love blue jay way. so there you go! :-)
"there are a few duff tracks by the beatles, sure, but those are the ones generally written for and performed by ringo." i'd disagree and say...just blue jay way.
@richard...it's said to be the holy grail. ;)
released, not realized.
@brian, i am a big, big beatles fan which you might know because of my user name here. there are a few duff tracks by the beatles, sure, but those are the ones generally written for and performed by ringo. i love (and own) everything they've ever realized in every format pretty much. even taken a couple of trips to liverpool. i'm a beatles nerd, through and through. @mom, yes, i've noticed. we got in a spot of trouble yesterday. did you notice? ;-)
beatles mono vinyl in september.  i will even spring for a new mono cartridge!  should be wonderful sound for 1k$.   box set + cartridge.
@peter, thanks for posting about a real pono experience, that was great to read. @o'b, as has just been said, getting in trouble here is easy;) @rich, i've looked at your post history, you go off topic.  does that make you a hypocrite?
@o'b, i trust you would offer a less controversial view of the beatles.  getting in trouble here is easy as is going off topic, though almost everyone has done it.  one of the negative mob (the one who prefers dogs to humans) had the temerity to raise that yesterday yet has moaned about pono on other ks sites.
@kinch, i see the point of the survey.  the equipment is dubious in two ways, not the same for all participants and some of it was barely good enough for the purposes of the test.  i have no issue with state of the art equipment being used but if you are doing a serious survey, the base equipment should be consistent and good enough not to skew the outcome.
@kinch..great conversation! i agree, if it sounds right to whoever is listening, then why look for more. have a good night/ :)
@brian some of the equipment may have been "dubious, not everyone has state of the art for sure. most would have been high quality. the guys who took part are mostly followers of the audiophile thread on forums.slimdevices.com and are people who have been users of squeezeboxes, classic or touch, or squeeze transporters. these guys have been using lossless files for years, properly ripped at highest quality available depending on source cd, dvd-audio, sacd using accurip etc. the point is that serious music lovers with no axe to grind could not distinguish in a statistically significant way between 16 bit and 24 bit. there are indeed people who can. christmachine is, as per the earlier post, able to. i don't know if i can. i've not tried yet. i've got top class gear, but i tend to listen and not bother too much about the bit rate if i'm enjoying the music. i'm still looking forward to my pono and am listening to 24 bit music as i type (downloaded in this case from qobuz). sleep well all.
@ob excellent choices as well!  2 of my favorites as well.  panic with the smiths is a great record!  hang the dj!
@mom, i think he needs to not talk. he should only sing. he always gets in trouble when he talks. which i can totally identify with. ;-)
@dana, morrissey is very positive when it comes to the beatles, only four magnificent songs. :-)
@o'b that's the thing i have heard this one survey used as argument against hi-res over and over. your with us on this one i think ;) kinch does have a point, there is doubt on both sides...from tests like the one he uses. however because i hear the difference all the time, i choose to believe because there is so much about the brain we do not know. i also can see why doubters against hi-res would be so skeptical as we've been railed by the music industry so many times and many are sick of buying another trumped up format from the music industry. as you know it took us dragging the music industry kicking and screaming to the table for this. neil knew if he could get the music industry to see the possibility for money on  this he could inadvertently reach his goal which is pono. it does not matter how neil gets them to the table...it's a means to a good end for us all. people who don;t believe or hear it do not have to buy it's as simple as that. :))
@rick, my favorite track is either suedehead or every day is like sunday. beautiful songs. that survey sounds ... dubious and not very scientific.
@kinch i'm not saying that test was wrong...but as we know in science...a theory must be tried over and over and continue to be right for it to hold water. that's the problem it needs to be tested in many controlled environments and sources, this has not happened and that is why there is cause for doubt.
@rick awesome track for sure! :)
@kinch, am i missing something or is the survey flawed by using dubious equipment?
@kinch there is no argument from me when you take a sample that was probably mastered well. you cannot however explain how when someone rips a high quality vinyl source and gives me both the 16/44 and the 24/96 and i can easily tell the difference in a blind test i did. there was better soundstage, instrument separation, sustain, attack, prat, transparency, better controll in the highs/mids/lows. so the source, the mastering, and setup has a lot to do with it as well. how can this be explained?
one of my favorites from morrisey the strings and guitar are fantastic ... http://www.youtube.com/watch…
that survey was done using committed music lovers who are also technophiles. bottom line: as you can see, in aggregate there is no evidence to show that the 140 respondents were able to identify the 24-bit sample. in fact it was an exact 50/50 for the vivaldi and goldberg! as for the bozza sample, more respondents actually thought the dithered 16-bit version was the "better" sounding 24-bit file (statistically non-significant however, p-value 0.28).
@all my favorite morrisey track ..not the studio version, this live version only... http://www.youtube.com/watch…
http://forums.slimdevices.com/showthread.php… http://archimago.blogspot.ie/2014/06/24-bit-vs-16-bit-audio-test-part-ii.html ii. were the 24-bit audio files distinguishable from the same files dithered down to 16-bits (and fed into the dac in the 24-bit container) by the respondents as a whole? in total, the final result looked like this: as you can see, in aggregate there is no evidence to show that the 140 respondents were able to identify the 24-bit sample. in fact it was an exact 50/50 for the vivaldi and goldberg! as for the bozza sample, more respondents actually thought the dithered 16-bit version was the "better" sounding 24-bit file (statistically non-significant however, p-value 0.28).
@dana, that's all poor morrissey has. the future is always positive for poor moz because it hasn't happened yet.
@dana lol, good point!
yeah @ sean f. that's why it's such a subjective topic, which makes it up until this point unmeasurable....like physical or psychic pain
i believe blind tests for hearing the difference between hi-res and less quality res music should have one qualification.   that is, that the listener must listen to pieces of music that they have never heard before.  your ears, brain and memory can put together what it wants to hear over repeated listening.  meaning it can recollect all sorts of data to create a fulfilling experience or not fulfilling experience.  even then, after the first listen from whichever file, it is tainted because you have already made a presumption of the song. it is very difficult to rely on what you "think" you hear, and then make a decision. just an opinion about listening to music.   it is similar to debates about headphones.  if you have been listening to a pair of bass heavy headphones for awhile, even your great cans can sound tinny in comparison right after.  after a while though, you get used to (or your brain adjusts to) back to the balance of your expensive cans.
wow....quoting morrissey for positive thinking.....interesting.
soz...typo..."that it is a disease".
thanks o'boogie! great article eduard! yes go pono go!!! :p @rick i get where your going there. i have found it to be an endless argument with those people that just goes round in circles for ever. it's like an alcoholic trying to explain to a non-alcoholic, that it's not a disease. regardless of what we believe there are too many ways out for both sides. i believe someday science will proove it.
i was one of the people who pledged for the first round of posters. so i was very early and i still have not received mine yet which was originally intended as a gift. oh well but i hope that clears up the poster question.
great article.  bobusa comments sounds like a troll, but i will give him this.  all humans are not created equal, and he may be speaking from his experience, but that should not be a blanket statment to all humans, just as we who can hear the difference, should assume everyone could hear the same diference as we can.  the argument of measured and blindfold tests, still do not hold water with me.  if you want to do a blindfold test with the users that are sure they hear a difference, and they were able to pick the difference with a greater percentage, then i would tend to believe their data, as opposed to data collected from random humans.  what people also fail to realize is, its not about being able to reproduce all the notes corrrectly, its about reproducing the feeling, the airness, the live feeling of an instrument.  why are so many movie soundtracks producing sub 20hz information?  because you feel that, even if you cant hear it through the ears. bobusa must be one who cant feel or understand what we can, and that's a shame.  he's missing out.
here another article about pono and hi-res, from the absolute sound magazine: http://www.theabsolutesound.com/articles/from-the-editor-the-tipping-point/…
i'm going with positivity!!  look forward, per morrissey: in the future when all is well...
@sean, if you take blonde on blonde as an example, great artist close to the peak of his powers, columbia would not be able to tell you the definitive master for that album.  now if columbia did a poor job with a masterpiece, there may be great difficulties with provenance. http://www.two-riders.co.uk/bobpt1c.html i really do hope some other labels took more care!
my guess is, unless you have a login through sony, or the other companies they provide these tracks for, you wont see what is available.  my other guess is, pono is probably going to have their own cloud storage area to provide the tracks that they master with the help of record companies. they could offer what omnifone already has available, but probably without the true pono label and guarantee. also remember, that when you purchase an album or track through pono, you will get the best quality when and if they remaster existing tracks on the omnifone database.  i dont think anyone knows the the answers yet how this will work, purely speculation at this time.  maybe some insiders could give us some insite if there are any here.
rick, brian...i did read those things.  not really sure what they mean, do you guys? 35 million tracks to provide provenance for seems like a lot.  of course, pono, won't necessarily be interested in all of these, that's why i was wondering if there was a site or something to see what omnifone already had aquired.
“omnifone is providing the scalable music acquisition and delivery infrastructure but we are also working on some funky stuff such a technique to verify the provenance of the audio and its end-to-end signal path from the studio to the listener via the cloud.”
@sean didn't omnifone emphasise the provenance of their catalog?
@seanf the omnifone website gives some information, and it seems to be more of a work dirrectly with companies like sony and others to provide the catalog through their applications. just what i gleened in what little i read on the site.  could be wrong though in my assumptions.
divide that by, say, 10 (an album worth of songs) and that's 3.5 million lp's.  ummm, then divide that by one botnick.  how in the heck are they going to make sure all of those tracks are "pono"?  just curiosity, not meant to be negative.
so, i'll throw this question out into the ether one more time.  does anyone know much about omnifone?  the pono update said that they had something like 35 million hi-res tracks archived (is this even possible?).  does anyone know what this catalog of music consists of?  is there anywhere to find out?
saving 4 weeks of vacation to start the next working day upon delivery of my pono. october in georgia is not so bad.
go team pono! go!!!
pono! pono! pono! pono!
@dana gibson 10-4.     big bird
@rick, probably so!  there are lots of positive folk around here. @brian, @john, @mom, @christmachine, et al. all really lovely, positive people.
@rick, positive feels better to me too.
@o'b  good to know, i find it would be exhausting to always focus on the negative, like some do.  probably why i'm such a happy guy all the time :)
@rick, they've been here all along! the vocal majority has faith. as @brian said, dinners and hotels are booked for the dinners in october. i don't think they are going to have those with no pono for the listening parties. :-)
yee of little faith.  i guess we have to have those types to offset those of us that believe we will get a great product when they said they would deliver.  considering the backing of this team, you would think the benefit of doubt would be there.  i guess there will always be doubting thomas's.
@brian, i like that link. thanks for sharing.
@rich a lot of things have been said...anybody gotten a poster yet? i would think someone who got one would be wanting to tell the world....or a few comment board junkies. @tjc i don't think the players will be late.....well maybe a month or two.
@dana gibson relax man everything is late my guess you will see a pono by this time next year
@dana on july 1st in update #33 they wrote: "while the posters are beginning to go out this week, as well, some may be delayed a couple of weeks due to neil young’s tour schedule in europe with crazy horse. since neil signs each individually, it’s taking a little longer than planned – we have about half of these signed and will work diligently to get the rest signed and sent as soon as we get neil back from tour. "
so neil hasn't signed all the posters yet. has he not signed any and none have gone out? no, @rich i didn't pledge for a poster. i will survive if none went out. i will, however, feel that the ks project rewards aren't taken seriously. and the fact that the pre-ordering isn't available yet is troubling. i've put together an ecommerce site in a day....and this is just one item...very simple. see www.csnydeluxe.com
this is what brought us here and worth a look, just a touch superficial: http://www.distortionofsound.com/
@peter, thanks again for the review, that was like gold dust. @doug, if you watch the design screen footage in update 30, you can just about see the configuration of the player.  update 33 says ~100 ponos incorporating the ayres design features had been built and were being tested.  i'm with you, i think they will build the players really quickly once testing is/was complete.  the final dates and hotels for the dinners have been booked so i am very confident that the first players will be out to us by october.  hopefully the first press reviews will appear really soon.
interesting article from chris connaker at computer audiophile - i should have posted the link when i saw it a couple of weeks ago. his opinion is that apple won't be going in for hi-res audio - the pertinent situation in the usa.  an engaging read (and the comments too - i like the one about swimming against the current): http://www.computeraudiophile.com/content/586-high-resolution-audio-isn-t-coming-soon-apple/
@all i'd rather let us all move on.  just to be clear, a number of people have been abused on here. i do not condone or in any way agree with any abuse.  if someone feels that i have in any way offended them, i humbly apologize and assert that my intentions were and are, purely pono.
i'd be very happy with re-ac-tor.  i love that album! but if icould choose it would be ttn and trans.   or maybe zuma & broken arrow.  no, that's not right - it would need to be everybody knows this is nowhere & time fades away. actually,  it matters not one whit because i'm going to buy them all again from the pono store in maximum pono quality anyway. viva pono!
@doug a hospital in a week! wow. @wc a number of people on here have posted that they received the t-shirts. i recall reading that ny has yet to complete signing the posters. the good: all hand signed by the man himself. the bad: he's on tour.
@peter rustin, thanks for the info. i would not be a bit surprised the ceo didn't have a final model 5 months before inroduction. once the design is locked in the assembly line will be set up. then units will start appearing in large numbers. mass production is amazing. chinese manufacturers have fast lead times. saw an article about a multistory hospital they built in one week.
.
can the big four answer this question?  when will the posters go out?
@peter i remember reading that too. was just commenting that nobody seems to have had any hands-on with the pono-ayre. i'm sure it will sound great, just time frames cause me concern.
@richheart i guess the answer is yes, but i read elsewhere that they have updated units since then fwiw
@peter thank you for the detailed report. i'm just slightly concerned that all we've heard about the pono is about a pono that hasn't yet been manufactured.  i wonder how the pono that we receive will compare to that you heard. i do get that they intend for the new pono to be still better.  why, i wonder were they demoing the meridian based pono in early june? does that mean there were no prototypes (not even for the ceo) just 5 months before projected delivery?
all at bottom. plan is online sales, then specialty retailers per john hamm.
@peter rustin, thanks for the answer and review. two more questions. were the usb and headphone hookups on the same end with the card slot, and are they on the top or bottom end cap? glad to hear the player isn't too big. i  like that it has a little weight to it. i have two sansa players. the fuze weighs enough that it will lay on a desk while charging. the clip+ will "fly" off the desk by the strength of the usb cable. a little surprised that a dealer was showing the pono player. do you guys think pono will open up sales to dealers? ayre dealers would obviously be a possibility. the more people with pono the better. thanks. everyone here will have their pono before mine ships at christmas. hope you ll still drop in to visit.
i've got the original vinyl, with large thin paper poster thing with the lyrics...as i date myself. the ditch trilogy was my bread and butter in college
@larry don't worry. he famously hates tfa. i'm lucky enough to have a cd copy that someone snagged for me before neil pulled it from being pressed. it's ... awesome, and one of my top 5 ny records.
oh man...it would just be like ny to put tfa on his le pono! and i missed it by seconds. snagged the csny one, tho
@larry: i'm down with any ditch trilogy. i'd be be doing handsprings if ttn showed up on my pono. can you imagine the seismic wave if tfa showed up?!
i too was surprised and a bit dismayed on john's departure. i shouldn't mention that again, though, as i will be slammed again by folks on this board. interesting input on the ny album choices. i'd have a real tough time deciding of two...mellow one, yes, harvest. gritty one... ttn. talk about two ends of a spectrum
john.   thanks for that post of ben smollee.   i found it amazing on many levels; it's content, where he chose to do it, the astonishing complete lack of attention he was getting, especially in light of the first two points and, finally, the fact of his being asked to leave by, shall we say, a member of the establishment when, as a member of the sparrow quartet he had gone a few years earlier to tibet at the request of the state department. 'our love of freedom holds a veil over our eyes...'
@larry no real discussion about headphones. john said it would sound great even with standard apple dreck. the shop had some momentums for folks to use. i have some fidelio x1s that should also sound great.
peter, thank you for that review, and refreshing to see the conversation move away from the soap opera. were there any conversations regarding headphone tests with the pono? i've picked up rbh ep2s as buds, but am waiting on the cans (thinking momentums). there has been a lot of technical discussion on impedance matching (i understand pono is supposed to be 5 ohms) and the subsequent drive ability into different cans of varying input impedance
guys, thanks. no idea why john left. he seemed so central, confident, in charge. i asked him what ny records were slated  for the le. he told me he had just been on the phone with  neil discussing it. he asked me what i would vote for. i said that harvest seemed inevitable and to be a bit contrarian, i voted for freedom. he strongly implied that one would be gold rush, but take that with a huge grain of salt. i just hope we don't get lfh. :-/ or landing on water or reactor. i'd be thrilled with on the beach too. i was stunned when his departure was announced.
@peter  any insight to why john decided to leave pono?  was it predetermined that he would be in that position, and step down after a period?
@peter that was awesome...nice description! you know it's interesting mike mettler (awesome guy by the way) he's got a new website opening next month hrac (high res audio central). he is also publishing his listening review of the pono in september as kyle has said.  i really wish i could get a listen but it'll never happen as i've got 3 hi-res players already and i could tell you guys the quality in 5 minutes. what i'm hoping for is that pono just sounds as good as my 350.00 and 700.00 units. i bet pono will be slightly better to be honest. i also don't regret all the cash spent because i got to get started on this journey a year and a half ago...i feel all you peeps waiting pains. :)
@peter, brilliant to hear your take on it. thanks for that!
@peter now that is what this area is about.  that is like gold for us looking forward to what the pono will bring us backers!  thank you for sharing!!  i currently have and iphone 5 and while it sounds ok, i know there has to be a better sounding device out there.  when i listened recently on my sb audigy 2 sound card at work, i was blown away by the difference with my dvd-a ripped hd tracks compared to the iphone.  if i can get close to that or even better, on the go, i will be ecstatic!!!  thank you peter for sharing your experience!!
@rick the pono had a touchscreen that would switch from portrait to landscape. john said that they had just hired a new guy to totally redesign it but it looked fine to me. swiping would bring up menus for playlists, artists, settings etc. the unit was smaller than it looks in photos and will easily fit in a pocket without embarrassing questions being generated. it had a massy, solid feel and felt very high quality. i used martin logan mikros 90 headphones (get them at newegg for a fraction of list; amazing) and all's i can say is wake me up when september ends and hurry october. we will be delighted if the final product is like the prototype. i was told this was one of 4-5 in the world. i considered myself very lucky to be in on the kickstarter (ny le ftw!) and to attend the presentation.
@peter, sounds great, thanks for that!
@ob i attended john hamm's presentation in santa monica at a great stereo shop in santa monica last month. met and spoke with him extensively. i was bummed to hear he was leaving. i was the first one there. he had the black pono (the only one then extant). i told him i was backer #520 or whatever. amazingly, he casually asked if i wanted to try it. i brought my headphones. i listened to harvest and elton songs. i did a crude a/b with my iphone, with the neil songs ripped from a dvd-a. the difference was astonishing. it made my iphone sound like shit and i had never had a problem with it. i listened to about 5 songs and it blew me away. he said this prototype didn't even have the ayre innards and the shipping units would sound even better.  he also swore they would ship timely. he was very impressive and again, i'm sorry he's moved on. but the pono was just great.
@peter, that would be very interesting!
@peter  can you give us a review of what your heard from the pono device? how was the interface?  what hp did you use with it?  maybe you have already written something, if you have, can you link to it?  i know many may have had many of these discussions, and have probably been on here a long time, but the "newbies" in the group like me, don't feel like scrolling through pages and pages of past discussions, that may take days.....this format doesn't make for an easy way to navigate past posts.
anyone get their posters yet?
@peter, i take your point but there have been around 450 posts on sprout, i suspect the first few hundred comments on here were on topic.
@tmh, pono and geekery?  are you going to listen to geekery on your pono?  i'm listening to music on mine :).  seriously, headphones (especially etymotics) and cables have been done to death on here.  there's been a pretty comprehensive discussion of hi res, what other geekery should we cover?
it's ok, @peter. i got that. no worries. far more important: when/where did you get to hear and hold a pono???
@ob. to be clear i was not singling you out. it's a general thing.
this sunday night on axs tv the musicares  person of the year~ neil young / james taylor/ bruce springsteen @ 8pm.
i can dig it! :)
you guys, i've talked about all of the things you've listed. frequently. off topic discussions happen a lot, and i'm hardly the only guilty one here. i think we have a couple of different standards for posts here, depending greatly on who is writing it. ;-) nonetheless, thanks for letting us know the location of the card slot. i wasn't sure of its location.
@rick @peter rustin agree 100%.  pono, music (not what you are listening to at this moment, but hi-res talk) and geekery (amplification, cables, headphones you will be using on your pono)
@rick i agree. i love free speech and first amendment yadda yadda but i wish there was less drama and more pono/music/geekery. look at the sprout comments. no japery or personal stuff. just constructive dialog relating to audio. i'd love for us to get back to where we once belonged.
@doug i was lucky enough to hold and try a pono. it's on the end.
@doug ...i think it's on the bottom end cap.
i just got in. i'm watching mistaken for strangers, a documentary about the national. i need to watch your video, @carlos. you're a good egg, man. :-)
@o'boogie didn't place you as a young person based on the artists and songs you say you listen to i put you in your mid to late 50's.
have we seen where the micro sd card slot is located on the pono player? one of the sides or on an end cap?
@carlos thanks .... loved it :)
look guys...it's all good!  @ob, you and others helped me figure something out.  i used to watch a show many years ago about a guy that thought in tv scenes.  i like to do that for fun some times with music.  anyway, i couldn't remember what the show was called...until a bit ago!  after your kind words, i got to looking and found it!  it was called dream on, lol.  and this was the first episode i found, how funny.  now this was on hbo in it's day...so it is for adults, and i hope no one is offended, but rather laughs at it all.  we need to smile, and laugh as much as we can...the world needs for us to do it, it really does :)  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@brian you must be right!
@carlos, thanks for that, you are a cool guy.
@rich, objective - do you know what that means?  i'm looking for no opportunities to pick at.  i went out for a few hours, came back and read some comments including those by you and was less than impressed.  my mind is perfectly open thank you.  you seem very keen to play until you get called out.
@brian, thanks so much. you are such a kind man. @carlos, you always post the funniest video comments. you're good, dude!
@brian be a little more objective. you're looking for opportunities to pick at. sorry, i won't play. reread my interaction with o'b with an open mind to alternative intent.
i think we are going to be friends :)  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@rh, man, you don't know me at all. you need to not make assumptions about people. it's unsavory and uncool. we are clearly in two very different places in life. i have absolutely no idea what you are on about most of the time. and that's ok. best wishes to you and yours. :-)
@rich, did you ever call ian out for over-sensitivity or being tedious?  no, i thought not.  consistency is a basic requirement of a would-be moderator, don't you think?
have
@brian yes, i get you gave an agenda. no, we are not self appointed.
@rick, i think you would have a point except that some of the mob have been as prone to using this space for going off-topic as anyone else.
@o'b i'm all for a bit of irreverent fun. just occasionally it can get tedious.  this was brought to your attention. no one has discriminated against you for your age or any other reason. being called out is not always bullying. you are however, rather quick with rude and dismissive retorts. you've stated a number of times that you don't care if you are disliked.  that doesn't ring true, to my ears.  you are quick to take offense and cry foul whilst crying wolf at the same time.
i'll give my 2 cents.....is this not a kickstarter campaign to back a product?  and is this comment area, suppose to be about the product?  it seems this has been used by some as a chat location for personal communication, when in fact, its a public forum.  when i check the updates and comments here, i'm anticipating comments about the product and something that is related to it.  i dont think comments to refocus the posts and discussions to the original product and related topics, should be considered a bullying ploy.  just my opinion, maybe others think otherwise.   back on topic: any news on possible headphone suggestions?  we are mid july, and no store launch yet. i was probably getting my hopes up that we would see a store front by end of july.
@rich, my opinion of you gets lower by each post, which is pretty sad.
@kinch, some of the least chilled comments made on here have been made by two of the four self-appointed would be moderators.  often those people ask other people here to chill.  i have yet to see any of them asking their buddies to chill.  if you're looking for paranoia look no further than the empty accusations of racism made on here or the rants about being called out for spamming when no one was accused of such a thing.  there is a fair degree of bullying and that is not right at all.  you are entitled to your opinion, i am too.
@brian i think your shining armour, need not get muddied this time. all is good with your queen.  i am sure that pain could have assisted you in interpreting my comment on the mirror.
@brian, thank you. it's a weird mob mentality that another person has also commented upon privately to me on twitter. i think i'm probably one of the youngest person here, and maybe people of a certain age find me irritating! hahaha. whatever. i won't be run off by a bunch of people who think i need to "get a room." i'm here for a bit of fun, and i've made a couple of good friends here. i am glad to know someone else loves i'm alive as much as i do. i find it very stirring and very raw. i love it so much. i think i will go listen to it now! oh, @kinch. bless your cotton socks. i don't give a rat's arse if people like me or not. that's the difference. you really should feel free to not read my posts. in fact, i'd appreciate it if you wouldn't. take care, man.
@brian  i see no mobs hereabouts. you favour individual rather than democratic rule? you consider o'b is being bullied? i think often the shoe is on the other foot, and we see a playground bully in action. frequent whines of "everyone hates me but i'm really loveable and  misunderstood" don't show bullying, merely paranoia or a demand for attention. if some people think conduct is unbecoming, distasteful, ludicrous or just downright annoying, it is bullying to point that out?
@o'b, i'm a big fan of jackson browne, i'm alive being one of my favourite browne albums.  i love that he just gave album credits away to roadies etc., he's a nice guy. you seem to be bullied on here for no other reason than having fun.  i say carry on having fun and llp!  the bullies are the ones who need to have a look at themselves in the mirror.
@rich, "if one person tells you something, you can think they're wrong. if lots of people point at your face, then perhaps you want to check the mirror." by that logic, wouldn't the earth still be thought flat?  the consistent thoughts of a mob does not make wisdom.
i didn't know so much about politics back then (1970's - when i was a pre-teen), but i already knew i was "left-leaning", "progressive", "liberal", "forward-thinking", "tolerant", "giving", "concerned about poverty", "concerned about racism", "concerned about the environment", "hopeful about human evolution", "a citizen of the world" - a quote from carlos santana, and "against the status quo". hell, i wore a jimmy carter for president t-shirt to school when i was only 9 years old! now, i have lost all hope in the "powers that be"... no matter which side those in "positions of power and authority" are on. here's a quote/full song lyrics from ben sollee.  "a few honest words" - by, ben sollee "if you're going to lead my country, if you're gonna say it's free i'm gonna need a little honesty just a few honest words it shouldn't be that hard just a few honest words is all i need i don't need no handshake no firm look in the eye don't tell me what you think i,  i ought to hear i don't need no high life no fancy premiers just tell me what you really think without fear just a few honest words it shouldn't be that hard just a few honest words is all i need love is a bitter food you've learned to eat you still don't know, oh,  where it grows and our love of freedom holds a veil over our eyes rights that are given can be taken away just a few honest words it shouldn't be that hard just a few honest words is all i need we don't choose our leaders the choose themselves tell me again about democracy please watch this touching rendition of this song by ben. he recorded it in washington, dc on the steps of the lincoln memorial (ben is from kentucky, like me and abe). http://youtu.be/lfrng3gr1u8 please, please watch...and listen...
@john i hated j.brown and did not understand that linda ronstadt would be his girlfriend! but she was on coke then so i forgive her
i loved i'm alive when browne released that in 1993. i wore out the cassette tape, then went and bought the cd. i thought that was such an underrated album. @john, i remember that she dated jerry brown! she'd have been a cool first lady. :-)
late for the sky is amazing. of missing persons (hold out) was written to lowell george's daughter, after her father died.
when i was a kid in the 1970's, jerry brown (former and current governor of california) was running for president, and his girlfriend was linda ronstadt. i liked her so much and thought she was real pretty. i really wanted her to be our first lady! that would have shaken thing up a bit!
jackson browne, he is a great performer and a great activist (like neil young). have seen him in la(when i lived there) and in holland (where i am from) several times. i do like going to see/hear artists live, it is so much better
@eduard, jackson browne's late for the sky and for everyman are among my favorites.
@ed... i am in awe of all your  musical and concert experience! jackson browne, your stock keeps going up
@allison, you must have seen some real greats there. what a perfect time in music, too. that's really cool.
@ eduard i had season tickets, every summer there were concerts there (i am talking about the 70's and 80's now) , we may have been at the same concerts!
linda ronstadt is so special. loved her solo work and her link to little feat. @jim you always have such a positive-pono outlook. thanks for all your contributions :)
@allison i saw several concerts there as well, joni mitchell (miles of aisles) , james taylor, csn and jackson browne and many more but i forget now, it was still open air there, and this i remember well (not this version but the song) https://www.youtube.com/watch…
here is the original  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
lucky! i never got to see her live. she seems such a rare creature in music. her voice is instantly recognizable, too.
i was at the same concert, at the universal amphitheater in los angeles,( well burbank)
very nice! poor linda. she's unable to sing anymore because of her parkinson's. makes me very sad indeed. what a voice! llp!
https://www.youtube.com/watch… how about this one, how pono!
@allison, i love linda ronstadt. thanks! i am a nice person; anyone who actually knows me will tell you that. i have no issues with you at all. take care!
https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@o;b here is a song for u . u r probably  a nice person but u do not act like 1
now i'm listening to some steely dan on this rainy afternoon. hope to find some of their tunes in the pono music store. fingers crossed! that's totally what it means, @jim. :-)
richheart.    i thought o'b had gone all political on us and her acronym meant 'freedom fails sadly'
@rh, we've always gotten along fine, and i think you are a nice guy. i absolutely get that a lot of people here don't like me, but the neat-o thing is that i don't really care. it's the internet. people like slinging rude remarks and insults. it won't be the first time, and it won't be the last. i have no problem with people not liking me and telling me they think i'm wrong. absolutely a-ok by me. not a problem. there a number of people here who irritate the bejesus out of me, but i skip their posts. as for my use of ffs, i used initials in order to not use the full word. there is no moderator here (as i am repeatedly reminded), so i won't be told what to say or not say. don't like what i have to say? don't read it. pretty simple stuff, really. i hope you all have a lovely evening.  i'm having a great day so far. :-)
@o'b take your own advice. chill out. if one person tells you something, you can think they're wrong. if lots of people point at your face, then perhaps you want to check the mirror. btw, even using initials, i would prefer to avoid foul language on here.
tj, you need to find a new reference, man. you think i'm a dog. got it. don't give a toss.
you guys need to chill out. ffs. it's absurd that you feel the need to write such nonsense.
@tj... please keep the dog references on a tight rein. :)
.... been fun and informative... which i'm fully up for
and @o'b ease up on the sensitivity or else lower the blinds. you've be
@kinch at the risk of getting screamed at i'll say just one thing. someone sounds like a dog in heat. i agree they need to get off this comment board and go find a room someplace. just saying
@o'b a light hearted reference to: https://www.google.co.uk/url…
@o'boogie please grow up and let the pre-teen inanities go. if you want to indulge yourself, why not join a forum where you can private message the people who have some interest in listening to you. enough is enough. please stop the childishness. preferably, as allison suggests , get a room.
https://www.youtube.com/watch…
woo hoo! you seem like a fun lady, allison. again, thanks for sharing. buh-bye now!
@o'b here is another one for you, get a life
@allison, i know what you meant.  i said i have no idea what *@rh* meant. but hey, thanks for sharing the definition of a very well-known phrase. well done.
@ob this is what i meant: it means that two people are behaving embarrassingly affectionately towards each other in public and that if they want to continue kissing, fondling or ripping off each other's clothes then they should get a room and continue in private.[/nq] but it really does mean, when used seriously, that the person saying it wishes the people doing it would cut it out, in other words, "stop it". so the original poster did infer the real intent of the comments from the context of their use. i think that's more important than understanding the idiom.
@rh, i actually have no idea what that means.
@allison a room? a town's too small :)
@o'b and mom : get a room already!
@mom, you are very sweet. thank you. i happen to think you are the bee's knees. xx
@o'b, if i was you, i'd love myself too :-) x
@mom,  in that case, both sides of my personality really like this album. also, i totally love myself. :-) x
@o'b, me too but given that dude rich (or is he ian?) considers we are the same person, i could be talking to myself. :-) x
@mom, love that whole album. putting on that track now. x
@o'b, listening to john prine with iris dement, we could x
hi, @mom. :-) x
r.i.p. johnny winter.
@ian, classic album sundays look interesting, particularly the one with joe boyd.  i met him years ago, he's a nice guy.  he had a bad experience in edinburgh with a pictish professor  after a night in sandy bells, a music pub.  you should tell him about pain dude, i'm sure a guy with his job could use a framework like that for handling difficulties in the studio.  i hope they play the japanese pressings of the nick drake albums, they are the best i've heard.  have a ball.
so sad to lose johnny winter.  such a great bluesman.  i will play his albums on the turntable tonight. blues belongs on analog.
it's true. he died. just saw it on his facebook page. rip, johnny winter.
reports of johnny winter passing? http://www.guitarplayer.com/artists/1013/johnny-winter-death-rumor/48013
@ed envious.... will be 30c here it says. which for the uk is hot - a bit of global weirding.
veg.garden that is
it is hot here as well, 36c which is about 95f i think. time to be outside early to do my stuff and now inside (14.00) listening to some old neil young (1968) not a bad way to spend the afternoon when you are retired like me with only a lot of animals to feed and beg.garden to maintain.
hey jim frickin hot here too. not as hot as where you are. said to break, the humidity for a day or two tomorrow. i'm in a an ac bubble right now/ haha good to  hear from ya friend!
and the ones that mother gives you don't do anything at all....;)
christmachine.  one pill makes you larger, and one pill makes you small......
sean f.  i got the 685's, can't wait to fire them up.    richheart, the unitiqute 2 is more than i want to put out.  just ordered the bluesound vault.   i've never been into digital music before this campaign and it seems a simple solution.    just got back to belize and it's 10 pm and about 80 degrees and 80% humidity.  yikes!
rick canedo i use xld, which is very simple, very good and very free.  xact is also good apparently dbpoweramp is supposedly the bees knees for pc, there is a mac beta but i haven't used it http://forum.dbpoweramp.com/showthread.php…
now i'm listening to jason mraz. i won't give up is just a damn good song. love it.
@seanf  great classic synthpop album, probably one of the best from a pioneer in synthpop, vince clark combined with the soulful voice of allison moyet! the 5.1 mix of that album is fantastic. question, whats the best cd ripper to flac app for mac?
today, i've been listening to j. roddy walston & the business. they only have two albums out, but their sound is fantastic! they kind of sound like a mixture of old blues and old rock...maybe some motown...maybe some little richard (because of the piano sound)...and some southern rock. i got to see them live back on march 3, 2014 at headliners in louisville. i'll post a few links to some in studio/pro shot videos and some more links to the songs i recorded that night. (by the way, my pono people and youtube username is darkstarflashes. i've got about 100 videos on there.) take it as it comes - official video http://youtu.be/85ilxafwq08… i don't want to hear it - recorded in downtown chicago at shirk music + sound http://youtu.be/vu5stjyfigc heavy bells - official video http://youtu.be/gbskyisffys… heavy bells - from the late show with david letterman http://youtu.be/vdn1vvxmbqo don't break the needle - live http://youtu.be/3wdv5-truhg… now for my videos brave man's death - headliners music hall in louisville, kentucky on 3/20/2014 http://youtu.be/prdm2eu147w… brave man's death is a killer song, so i decided to include the album version here - no real video though, just the music. http://youtu.be/usyae8cptuu midnight cry (another one of my videos) http://youtu.be/bikz3nldizc
is october here yet? what do you mean "no"? god. i seems like it should be by now. @brian, your post made me want bruce. he's singing secret garden to me at the moment. wonderful track. thanks for inspiring me. :-)
nope, i've switched that off.  going to listen to upstair's at eric's by yazoo.
going to listen to morrissey's new record tonight and neil finn's latest since i haven't really been able to give it a proper listen.
@cm indeed. some are beautiful spirits though as well. drake was for me. robert kirby died a couple of years ago too i think. is amazing to think that danny thompson (and his beloved victoria) are on 5 leaves left. i saw the last pentangle gig and he was still a diamond geezer. best bass player in the world? i reckon so, the list of people he has played with is very long and illustrious. drake's story is the stuff of legend though. hopelessly shy, knew he was gifted, could not handle performing live. boyd always says that he was note perfect every time, never a need for a second take. and have said before that that line from way to blue comes to my mind every time i walk in the woods with bella the dog "can you understand the light amongst the trees?" nope, but the whole human condition is there for me. i seem to recall that his guitar teacher said that after six months there was nothing left for him to teach, he had surpassed his teacher. that kind of talent must be innate, born with it i reckon.
@ian i know it's very sad...it seems like some of the greatest musicians are so great because they have such psychic turmoil. it is something that just seems to go with the territory. also as being a star musician is not in any way a normal way to live, and being thrust into such a position some cannot handle it. very sad indeed.
@cm almost midnight here. pink moon also on. why did we have to lose him? wish he could have stayed a bit longer.
when the piano comes in on the title track it is outside the speakers, i mean not in the space between them, but off to one side, outside their space. i only have one other album that does that. and place to be that follows pink moon always chokes me, every time.  oh what an album. solo. farewell. it was all over. he foretold it all on 5 leaves left.
@ian listening to...nick drake - pink moon, thanks for the idea.
@brian  i would also like to hear 5 leaves left on a £500k+ vinyl system. that is rather more than i can afford....
@brian  boyd seems to have a huge love for nick drake and always seems to find a new perspective. on drake's 65th anniversary the bbc did a one hour radio documentary on him and even though it seems unlikely, stuff is still being uncovered. 4 unreleased songs recently found i believe. and boyd is someone i would really like to at least see in the flesh and listen to, maybe even meet and thank him for his huge contribution over such a long time. and he is one of, i suppose, a very few direct connections back to drake. i am huge admirer of him and his music. i have the hi res versions of the three albums released during his life and watched how he has gradually come to be such a big figure in music. took a long time.
@o'b, dancing in the dark - bruce springsteen @ian, do you think joe boyd has anything more to say about those albums that he didn't cover in white bicycles?
listening to new morrissey cd but need to give it more attention. title cut great.
beck - morning phase...heavenly
i've been listening to damien rice again today. also a bit of ron sexsmith. you?
@o'b good one. i'm having morning tea, and a banana, then soon onto coffee. daily ritual sruff. what;s everyone listening to today ?
ah, but you know me on twitter, so you know i'm real. you and @mom are the only ones who know for sure that i'm not a sock puppet! haha.
so any good pono news, articles, fanfare?
@o'b i could prove it as i have facial hair. :)) you do not...we're safe.
@christmachine, you know, they will all think i'm you, too. ;-)
@o'b i know i'm so gossipy. haha ;) @erast i'll take the red and the blue! :)
@ christmachine keep taking the tablets (or see a doctor, quick) !  :)
@christmachine, you'll feed that rumor mill. stop it! ;-)
hey guys and gals how bout that editing feature....haha lolllz
the first rule of fight club is: you do not talk about fight club. the second rule of fight club is: you do not talk about fight club! third rule of fight club: if someone yells “stop!”, goes limp, or taps out, the fight is over. fourth rule: only two guys to a fight. sixth rule: the fights are bare knuckle. no shirt, no shoes, no weapons. fifth rule: one fight at a time sixth rule: the fights are bare knuckle. no shirt, no shoes, no weapons. seventh rule: fights will go on as long as they have to. and the eighth and final rule: if this is your first time at fight club, you have to fight. ; )
if you can get it off jayne.... :) waging heavy peace is a very engaging and enjoyable read. you'll be through it in no time (i know i was).
gordon bennett...  think i may have to attempt to go to this. not sure how much longer joe boyd will be prepared to do this kind of thing. http://www.udiscovermusic.com/joe-boyd-relive-nick-drake-fairport-classics-bestival
@erast  will check it out. next in the list is waging heavy peace, after the grateful dead's rules of business book...
@ ian it certainly hit the spot with me & i've now read them all. i keep trying to get friends interested but maybe my taste is too eclectic...... ah well.
@erast   looks most interesting...
@ ian try the first book 'the winter queen', see if it's to your taste -  http://www.amazon.co.uk/winter-queen-erast-fandorin/dp/0753817594/ref=sr_1_1…
@erast. i know, i know... and there will be his two favourite albums on the le too... but after sunday i have a mighty itch.... is good that darkside is on cd, didn't know that. is very thought provoking, well, it provoked mine anyway. i listened to it a couple of times, it explores unusual themes. best in a darkened room i find. but then it is stoppard... splendid moniker and portrait by the way. very chap and all the better for it.
tom stoppard's play darkside available on cd: http://www.amazon.co.uk/darkside-stoppard-radio-incorporating-floyd/dp/b00fr0gs7c/ref=sr_1_3… http://www.amazon.com/darkside-stoppard-radio-incorporating-floyd/dp/b00fr0gs7c/ref=sr_1_3…
@ ian re: the list of neilness neil young stated in a short 'letter home' promo interview earlier in the year (mojo or uncut? can't remember which ) that all of his 'original' albums will be available from the pono store when it opens. you might want to hang on till then before acquiring any more........
@siltech i am in on sprout and think it will perfectly complement the pono for my office!  nice of them to throw in an upgrade!
@ian i changed my mind about the oppo. i wasn't buying a newcomer in the headphone amp category. the sprout has the power, and i hop has the sound. if not i may get one of the two sennheiser headphone amps, or mcintosh. i wish pono had enough output power for cans. i highly  doubt it, because its battery powering. also, to save pono battery power. thanks
@siltech i have a review of the oppo headphone amp. comes out very well, but not that well. hope the sprout delivers, will be really pleased to hear how you get on with it.
ps audio sprout closed this morning. we reached over 1100% pledge amount. they are throwing in and upgrade power cord of $89.95us, free. almost 900 units sold, and a few from this pono site.
@sean, neil has no chance of any ketchup or other associations as seen here: http://ultimateclassicrock.com/neil-young-this-notes-for-you-banned-music-videos/
pono! pono! pono! pono!
andreas and brad, let me just caption that omnifone pic for you... neil says "this is my personal pono with the big screen and cool camouflage...that shitty one over there?  that's the one you're going to get!  hahaha, i'm ceo...deal with it!  this note's fer you!" at least that's how i envision it. :)
hugs, @rh!
@o'b no biggie.... i take great offence (*grin) on the other hand... how would you know? bottom line.. all good .. hugs
@rh, i'm not saying you targeted me. and it doesn't bother me most of the time. no big deal.
@o'b not targeted at all. it's like saying: "oooh, don't you appear alike."
@rh, not really. i am targeted a lot here for a number of reasons. i bring most of it on myself by not really giving a rat's arse what anyone thinks, but seriously, if you were accused twice in one week of being a sock puppet, it would get on your nerves, too. trust me on this. :-) @mom and i do have a lot in common. he's become a very good pal. i feel fortunate to have found him here. so there you go.
@o'b wayyyy tooooo sensitive.... all i said was "whichever of you i address, i feel that i am speaking to the same person. :)" you just seem so alike, no real difference in taste/opinion. can happen. usually takes 50 years of marriage and then some :) i said "i feel", no accusation. should i be accusing anyone? of what?
that other dude is just eating a toblerone.
@andreas, do you mean this photo? http://www.omnifone.com/sites/default/files/pono_neil_young.jpg maybe one is the earliest prototype and the one neil is holding is more recent? i have no idea, but i see what you mean.
@richheart, that sounds exactly like an accusation. dude, i've revealed that i was using my mom's user name when i first turned up here. i'd tell you if i was using another name. i'm not.
did anyone here pick up on the detail in the picture on omnifone's website? the two pono players pictured seem to have different sized screens to each other. different versions?
re: sprout - 15 minutes to go and another $449 just became available, if anyone has been on the fence...
@o'b no accusation, just a sense that there is little difference between the two persona. like an echo...
i'm listening to kate walsh. she has a beautiful little tune called your song that i love. lovely, sweet voice, too.
i'll have to get them first ed...  the list of neilness is expanding in this household.
@ian so next is american stars and bars then with linda
today i am mostly listening to harvest, harvest moon, after the goldrush and everybody knows this is nowhere... mainly on vinyl. like a hurricane a very determined ear worm for the past few days...
also, that's the second time i've been accused of having multiple personalities on here! haha. you guys are nuts. :-)
@richheart, eh? we're definitely not the same person. haha! we just have the same really great taste in tunes. :-)
'ahead of none'? ahead of mine....
@tmh yep, that's a great vinyl setup, ahead of none alright.
@tmh, i see you are a loooonnnggg way from the uk.
@tmh. nope, just looked and found some stuff about him (assuming it is a him?) do you know what vinyl and ripping set up he has? like you i have bought the floyd stuff many times over in various formats and have the remastered vinyls of dsotm and wywh. i have a decent vinyl replay system and would like to hear what his sounds like c.f. with the stuff here. also, did you pick up on bbc radio 2's play 'darkside', last year? one hour play, written by tom stoppard, using dsotm as soundtrack but not plot. i thought it excellent and thought provoking. i downloaded it and kept it. http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p01fg16f i have just been looking at classic album sundays again. really want to go to one of them, 300 miles away though. classic vinyl albums played on very very high end kit. have heard systems like that over the years, always made cd sound thin and weedy. they have one coming up with 5 leaves left, with joe boyd present to discuss it. is a long way to go, but...   i am not sure of these are uk only, or part of a wider thing? http://classicalbumsundays.com
has anyone heard of pbthal when it comes to vinyl rips?  looks like he uses some pretty good kit to rip stuff i am downloading his pink floyd 24/96 rips as we speak (i have no issue with this, i have bought everything by pink floyd many times) there is one guy, code name "pbthal", that posts his vinyl-to-flac transfers. i gotta tell ya that they are pretty incredible. better than a cd? hard to say. but they sound fantastic
@rich the unitiqute 2 (original 'only' does up to  24/96?) is my aspiration system for the office where i spend a lot of time. the little marantz cr610 is great, but not in the same league. it does bi-amping, but compared with a unitiqute and nap 100, well, no comparison really. and it has all of the 'right' inputs for me, and a tuner. the piggy bank is busted at the moment after other ks projects and a car that needs work... one day maybe...
@jim the naim unitiqute 2 is worth listening to and i have heard that the higher level servers are something else.
re:sprout i didn't keep the audionote but i find it hard to justify another amp. i have two systems that i love.
re: damien rice - o i love this album. 'cheers darling'' has amazing background acoustic. i had a new audionote amp when i got this album. this track has ditorttion at one point of the vocal and i was sure it was a fault in the amp until i realized just how revealing the audionote is. :)
@o'b @mom whichever of you i address, i feel that i am speaking to the same person. :)
@o'b @mom whichever of you i address, i feel that i am speaking to the same person. :)
jim, i read your post...did you go back and get the 685 speakers or did you go back and get your dm speakers from your friend? :)  i couldn't quite make out what you meant there. i like my b&w bookshelves a bunch, that's why i didn't get rid of them or sell them.  i knew that i'd have a place for them someday.  sprout is hopefully the answer + speakers that i already own.  way better than some expensive boombox.
@sean f i am surprised it lasted so long and was hoping someone here would pick it up.
remiam, wish i had seen that 10 minutes ago!  i got the $449 instead of $499, so i saved 50. i logged in and saw the $399 available and missed it by a second.  i guess a $449 got the $399.  still happy that i saved $50, so thanks for posting that or else i wouldn't have even checked back on the sprout page. :)
and it's gone!
early bird sprout available!
"mahgeetah" - by, my morning jacket sittin' here with me and mine all wrapped up in a bottle of wine little we can do, we gonna see it through somehow so, now are you ready to go, my lady? i been waitin' on the boat here, i been waitin' so long bang! bang! goes the night all wrapped up in the firelight don't, "rock bottom" just listen, just slow down so, now are you ready to go, my lady? i been waitin' on the boat here, i been waitin' so long "can he see me? does he feel me? does he know me at all?" "does it shiver? always deliver? does it know me at all?" so, now are you ready to go, mahgeetah? i been waitin' on the boat here, i been waitin' so long mahgeetah mahgeetah mahgeetah mahgeetah mahgeetah mahgeetah video from okonokos - official concert dvd recorded in 2005 http://youtu.be/etqv7yodsxa video from bonnaroo 2011 http://youtu.be/tvh1nmz2gmo
hey sean f.    i've been putting together a new small system and had been thinking of retrieving my old b&w dm 17s from another soccer dad from my daughter'  team that i loaned them to about 4 years ago.   i can still remember the amazement i felt when i first listened to them.  i was in a store in bend, oregon a few days ago and heard the new b&w 685 s2s.   sounded so good that i went back the next day and got them.   now i'm looking for a streamer.   ian, you said good things about the magic 6.  i've started looking at the bluesound vault for it's added ability to rip cd's without need of a computer.   does anyone have any thoughts/advice?
@tmh that's something that all us audiohounds suffer from lighter wallets. ;)
thanks o'boogie with kickstarter i buy on emotion, then have buyers remorse, go back and look at it again, and then think, yeah, that is great, i want that (not pono though, there was enough pre-buzz on that to have a well formed view, although did i really need two?)! and going back on the sprout i had the same view so have let it ride.
@kyle french @oboogie i saw chicago play a small nightclub long before they put out their first album. terry was the most underrated guitar player around. jimi hendrix said he was better that he was. as far as the name of the band changing the real chicago transit authority told the band they had to change the name or they would sue. as far as singers they had three main ones peter cetera, bobby lamm and terry kath but kath was the guitar player more than a singer
i bought the psaudio mainly as a headphone amp. @ 300ohms, 425mw. more than enough power to drive my sennheiser hd 800 cans. also, can connect turntable, 50w per channel, built in 192/24dac, bluetooth,usb-a, 3.5mm analog in, and weighs just over 2lbs. also, comes with ps audio 3 year warranty.
tmh, yeah it has a dac and usb.  kinda solves all the wants for a nice headphone amp to use with your computer and it's an actual amp that can power your speakers not just your headphones.  it seems really cool.
@brian, it's like a soundtrack right now. i love it. it's perfect.
@o'b, the daughter's blower is a great track!
14 hours left on kickstarter, for the ps audio sprout. great product. i ordered one.
it's possible to cancel a pledge if you wanna, @tmh.
thanks brian actually, now i look more closely at the sprout it has a dac in it, so it appears i can usb out of the mac and into the sprout! perhaps i should have looked more closely at the specs before buying!
@tmh, this the uk version, you can see the reviews: http://epiphany-acoustics.co.uk/products-page/dacs/e-dac-24bit-miniature-usb-dac/
@tmh sorry, posted that for you not sean!
@sean, what about the odac usb dac: http://www.jdslabs.com/products/39/odac-objectivedac/
brad just saw that when i pledged, unfortunately only available for us buyers, i had to pay $499 (plus $75 shipping)
i don't know why, but i just bought a sprout. i think because  i will need a better amp for my computer when the pono store kicks off.  can anyone suggest a good usb dac that i can use between my macbookpro and the sprout?
looks like someone backed out on sprout at $449. extra $50 bucks off if you jump now.
ian, well i've got some music gear i've been meaning to shuffle off, so i thought this might be about an even trade. i'm curious to see how it will perform with my older b&w cdm bookshelves that i've got in the closet and a turntable that i rarely use anymore.  seriously, i just want to play my nanci griffith records again...in peace, in my own office, no disturbances.
@seán  @brad it does look very nice. can't justify one though, i does not have the facilities i need, but very sorely tempted all the same. keen to hear your views on it when yours arrives...
i just pledged for a sprout.  needed something small for my office space.  now i can take my old b&w speakers out and use them again!
only 18 hours left to go on the sprout ks is anyone is interested. i got in at $449. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2022604828/sprout-hifi-stereo-amp-that-transforms-the-way-you i've already bought a fancy-schmancy audioquest cable to connect my pono to the sprout.
so this is good news. i can't believe 9 came out six years ago. doesn't seem like it has been that long. http://www.irishpost.co.uk/entertainment/damien-rice-announces-autumn-album-release
i remember the first time i heard o. it was on npr. fresh air, i think? not sure. but i remember that it knocked me out.  i couldn't believe my ears.  i also like rice's 9, but o is just ridiculously perfect. i didn't love sew sew last time i listened to it. i may try again.
mom and ob, damien rice's o is fantastic.  probably started the semi- recent guitar singer/songwriter craze in my opinion.  lisa hannigan's sea sew is one of my favs.  every song is a winner on that record.
@o'b @kyle " i figured you were the first kickstarter user ever to find out how to edit/delete a comment" <<<this :)
ok—that is extremely strange.
i read it on the desktop version, then left to do something, came back and it was gone.  really weird.
yeah i noticed that too lol.  i figured you were the first kickstarter user ever to find out how to edit/delete a comment.  :-d
annnnnd it just appeared. i have no idea.
so here is something weird: i wrote a comment on the iphone version of kickstarter, and that comment is visible there but not here. odd.
@mom, i have now listened to the blower's daughter about seven times in a row. what a track. it is so perfect. x
@ian i'm already blown away through the first 20+ pages i've read thus far.  sat down with it last night briefly.  the transparency when neil talks about puretone (aka pono) is just amazing, if anyone doubted neil's passion (and honestly, who is anymore?), you'd be hard-pressed not to see it in this book.  the guy's unreal.
heavy war. heavy peace, can't blame that on autocorrect...
meanwhile jayne has pinched waging heavy war off me, and keeps reading bits out to me... i'll get to read it one day...
correction to my previous chicago statement, kath's last album was xi.  (the roman numerals always throw me for a loop with those)
@mom, hurray! i knew you could. :-) xx
@mom, hurray! i knew you could. :-) xx
@o'b, i can arrange that :-) xx
@joe thanks for that! trucks has talent, saw him play with greg not too long ago ! @o'b o sounds good too @kyle happy birthday!
@mom, i would love to have that on my pono! please arrange that for me. :-) xx
@kyle i watched it last week, there's a guy in europe who tore it to shreds. except i don't think he has too much real experience either of high quality vinyl or of hi-res, just regurgitating the usual stuff...
man they were called that in the beginning, when we younger then they changed their name
here's something we all need to watch, if we haven't already.  i intend to do so when i get some free time this week... "the distortion of sound" documentary. http://www.soundandvision.com/content/distortion-sound-documentary-and-declaration
@ian well that's the first record title... at some point in between recording and its release, they decided that the name was too much of a mouthful, so they went on to be called simply 'chicago'.  chicago vii was the last with kath iirc.
@o'b, i love o by damien.  is that an album you'd like on your pono? x
that would be chicago transit authority i guess?
@kyle excellent. i guess he will be around my age. you don't lose the love of music. it stays...
@kyle, terry kath had such stunning voice. so silly and pointless the way he died. early chicago is the best.
@ian if a chicago le was ever in the works, he'd be first in line to grab it.  big time terry kath guy, my father.
thank you all. @o'b, haven't listened to o in quite some time, suppose its been 10 years or so now... probably due for a re-visit.
like father...
that's cool man...happy birthday!
he is, was the catalyst to my passion for music...  his excitement level for pono has increased 10-fold over the course of my visit... for various reasons i suppose.
happy birthday kyle, your dad sounds like a dude...
thanks for the well-wishes.  i did have a good vacation.  friday saw my 28th birthday come to pass, turns out my father actually listened to my ramblings about pono all those months ago and is a kickstarter backer himself... he's also now the 250th registered user at pp.org.  :-)
hi, kyle. hope you had a good vacation. i hope there is some damien rice available on the pono music store. i have been listening to o, and my god, this is a brilliant record!
hey kyle...hope you had a great vacation. i was wondering where you've been.
@lisa try this one out; truck and his wife, midnight in harlem. one of my all time favorites. http://youtu.be/k1j04ugcdi8
@o'b ok, thanks! 60 tracks!
hi kyle, welcome back.
wow.... been on vacation since late wed 9 july... been trying to catch up on all of the events in that time frame.... there have been too many and too little time for me to become completely abreast of the current pono situation. still working to backread and so on... very exciting stuff.  cheers all!
@lisa, try soul queen. great stuff.
@o'b a day or two ago. i need to add aretha to my collection! this looks good- http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/aretha's_gold
@lisa, huh? when? i listen to aretha a lot. :-)
hey @o'b! you said you were listening to aretha, can you name the tune?
i'm listening to lyle lovett this morning. i love that man.
make that 'got to be so sad...' ! how about a little derek trucks right now. the allman bros sound comes out, missing duane! https://m.youtube.com/watch…
@ian excellent comments re:guardian comments. i found the guardian comments not worth my time, or comments. what you have written here is eloquent and true. why do they have to write such sad, negative comments?!! ...why does love have to be so sad...ladada..,;-) @redwood i am trying to elicit one...@ian make a comment about the gig! how was it???
i follow joey mcclellan from midlake, and he is over the moon about supporting neil young & crazy horse in istanbul. he's posting photographs of neil's amp and equipment. he is in awe. i am in awe for him. not many people inspire awe in me (like johnny cash very much did), but man. i'd love to meet neil.
@surreal, what are we supposed to take from that photo you posted?
@kinch  yep. if there are no counterbalancing comments though, it all gets very one sided. i doubt that few people read the comments anyway. one thing that has come out of this is the knowledge that this ks comments section gets looked at. and used - as of yesterday.
i prefer unqualified "fully agree" thanks:-) i read through the comments on the guardian article. most are humourous, some reckon it's all bull. very much what is to be expected.
@kinch should have said 'fully agree with your comments on the guardian piece'. thanks for the positive comments too though.
http://fr.pinterest.com/pin/8162843049316984/
@kinch, fully agree. the comments raised here were genuine concerns, from genuine people, i recall them clearly. i fully respect the backers and their opinions and they were and are food for thought. my point was that the guardian piece was not well balanced. had it said "there were a few negative comments but the overall response is still very positive' or similar, that would have been fine. also it was mainly a retread of the press release and not a proper opinion piece i felt. and for me the "neil as ceo" update from pono was and is positive, is about restructuring for the next phase of the company's growth. i accept there are other views about it. i agree that we need accurate information with which to address these kind of things. i felt that we had enough of it to make the comment i did (in the guardian). i wrote a piece for the paper last year and was very impressed by the proofing and subbing processes, hence was disappointed with this one. but... the majority of comments about the guardian piece in the paper were negative. pono cannot address every article out there, but i feel that we can do our bit if we have a mind too.
well done ian. excellent job and nicely written. in fairness to the journalist, stuart dredge, he did give 9 paragraphs of positive info, 1 neutral and 3 paragraphs quoting the comment made on the comments section of update #35. doubting thomas that i am, i did a search here on this forum to see if the quoted comments were actually made here. not finding it, i then search the update comments and it turned out the quote was a genuine quote from a very genuine backer. that backer is busy on kickstarter! having backed many projects, so knows the ups and downs possibly to be met. i think we pono backers are probably a bit over-sensitive to news items containing any comment we deem not quite positive enough.there is going to be good news and not so good, that's for sure. we want to only see and hear the good, which is fair enough. but because the good stuff is not always what sells newspapers. the more accurate stuff we have to work with the better, so that we can spread the word. lossless .flac is not new. there are many players out there, portable and fixed, which use it in cd res and higher, some which have been using it for many years. ponomusic fortunately is not inventing something new, just creating an evolution of what is there. the recent communications from ponomusic have been excellent, as have the alliances they are making. assuming they keep that up, the journals will have good stuff to report on as we near launch date.
@ ian nice comment to the grauniad, (or, a thoughtcrime against the newspeak!) pity your t-shirts arrived 3 days too late to wear to the gig - i notice you've made no comment about it on here (not that i'm trying to elicit one). cheers.
t shirts arriving in europe. mine on the doorstep this morning, on my back now. as for the guardian piece, i did what i thought was the right thing and put a comment against their piece: "this is not a balanced piece of reporting. the enthusiasm in the kickstarter community is undiminished. there were a few comments questioning the departure of john hamm and the appointing of neil young as ceo, it is true. there were more comments of a positive nature though, and these have not been reported here. hence not a balanced piece? why is that? the change also brings in a heavyweight c.o.o. to head up the operations and to help pono scale to the expected demand. that is the next phase of pono's strategy. and the announcement yesterday of a hook up with omnifone to provide hi quality music content is a major step forward too, as is the hook up with jriver to provide content management. these are both major players that are now part of pono's system. neil is leading a charge to bring us back the music. anyone who has seen him perform live or heard him speak about pono, what it means, and how he goes about getting things done, will not doubt his passion, commitment and spirit. and 18,000+ people back pono, so far. why choose to report on a couple of negative comments? why not look properly at what pono is about and report on that? i am a great admirer of the guardian, but think this piece lets it down."
ride with the tide and go with the flow! can somebody please pass the ketchup ;-) llp go neil
another thumbs up for the camo case!! wonder what the cases supplied with the le players will be .... will each one get an artist specific case etc!?  roll on october!!!!!!!
tjc, it looks like that camo pono is a camouflage "skin" or protecter case.  look at the pic again on omnifone.com and you can see that it is actually a yellow pono underneath. i think this may be a first look at accessories!  exciting!
35 million tracks!!!  jackpot! okay, so omnifone was started in the uk.  i can only guess that they started out trying to aquire their own favourite music.  bring on the jam in hi-res!  heck yeah! anyone know if there is a website that we can see what tracks and albums that they have already accumulated?  i am soooo interested.
lots of great news! thanks neil :) o'b check your pm's...sorry i failed you. :( forgive?
to bad they didn't offer the camouflage  pono during the project would of made a nice touch when out hunting wonder what they are going to charge for it
jeff hughes, omnifone ceo, says: “we are innovators in the digital music landscape and the ponomusic service will showcase that..." this quote from jeff hughes of omnifone reminded me of the great quote in the my morning jacket song, wordless chorus, that goes "we are the innovators. they are the imitators". http://youtu.be/dbyggnv70bu
project update #36: pono selects omnifone to power ponomusic service posted by the ponomusic team ♥ like omnifone today announces that neil young’s ponomusic has selected omnifone’s musicstation to power its high-resolution digital music service. neil young’s vision is to revive the soul of music lost to popular compressed digital formats. ponomusic service, which will launch in the us, uk and canada before the end of the year, is a complete music ecosystem that includes the purpose-built ponoplayer, the ponomusic media centre desktop app, and the ponomusic.com social music store. pono will revolutionise digital music and allow fans to hear and feel the music, experiencing the way the artists created it in the studio. omnifone was selected to power the ponomusic store because of its award-winning cloud music platform and its industry-leading audio expertise and commitment to audio quality. standing at 35 million tracks, musicstation - omnifone’s cloud music platform - hosts the industry’s largest catalogue of high resolution content, obtained from rights holders in all corners of the world. this rich collection of premium quality audio - and its distributed delivery from the cloud - will enable ponomusic to achieve global scale quickly. as ponomusic’s founder and legendary recording artist neil young puts it: “omnifone shares the same passion for high resolution audio as we do at pono. we are committed to bringing the original recording sound quality from the studio to the ponoplayer, and omnifone is a key partner in making this a reality." phil sant, omnifone co-founder and chief engineer commented: “ponomusic is the perfect partner for omnifone to debut its high resolution audio cloud delivery capabilities. the pono team has done an incredible job with the ponoplayer, the attention to detail and the quality of audio engineering delivers a sound which is utterly spellbinding. what the pono team is trying to achieve is close to our hearts.” “omnifone is providing the scalable music acquisition and delivery infrastructure but we are also working on some funky stuff such a technique to verify the provenance of the audio and its end-to-end signal path from the studio to the listener via the cloud.” omnifone had the vision to start using highly compressed audio to power music services on 2g feature phones as early as 2006. to achieve optimum sound quality, it made the decision to ingest only master recordings from labels, hire the best audio talent in the industry and do the encoding itself. omnifone has the highest possible quality pulse-code modulation (pcm) audio recordings for delivery in free lossless audio codec (flac) and wave form audio (wav) formats and is now adding new formats such as direct-stream digital (dsd). as a result omnifone has the largest licensed high-resolution audio catalogue in the world. pedram abrari, ponomusic svp of technology states: “we’re working tirelessly to give digital music listeners the intensity, nuance and emotion originally captured in the studio. we selected omnifone as our content delivery partner because of its unique experience in end-to-end digital audio quality and its ability to scale globally.” jeff hughes, omnifone ceo, says: “we are innovators in the digital music landscape and the ponomusic service will showcase that. now that digital music services are becoming more mainstream, users are turning their attention to audio quality and it is fast becoming one of the deciding factors when choosing a music service. omnifone has the platform, the passion and the knowledge to deliver it.” pono will soon begin shipping more than 15,000 ponoplayers to its kickstarter backers. the players retail at $399. high-resolution digital albums are anticipated to cost between $15 to $25. with the support of high profile artists, pono raised over $6.25 million on the leading crowdfunding website, kickstarter. pono is the third most successful campaign in the history of kickstarter. ♥ like comment on kickstarter want to get these notifications straight to your iphone? get the kickstarter app for iphone. unsubscribe from this project's updates with one click
new update summarizes links already posted, with a few new comments.
update 36 very encouraging indeed. forward!
as soon as i get my pono it's on..i've been spreading the word since day one. can't wait to sell the real thing. i'm not in sales but i get told all the time i could sell refrigerators to an eskimo.
@brian, we got this. :-)
@o'b, me too, for sure. :-)
@brian and @doug, definitely. i'm in this for the long haul!
@doug & @o'b, at least we're all backing pono to the hilt.
@o'boogie, if they even admit to hearing the difference. big headphones  can have sound quality in spades- and they were still dissed by these people. lots of people and companies, could lose money when pono music succeeds. they will do what ever it takes to stop pono. what ever it takes. there could be "plants" in this community. placed here to make negative comments. all it takes is a small pono pledge to post here. the media loves negativity, and will  run with the story.  in earlier times the media would have checked to see who was being quoted. no more. we must strive to present a positive attitude about pono music. anything else can and will be used against us. we are fighting for the soul of music. no one said this would be easy. long live pono music.
@brian, i'll enjoy watching them eat their words in a few months! it will be sweet.
@doug, it's really lazy journalism.  the guardian has been pretty anti-pono from the start.  their tech guys were very anti large phones a couple of years ago.  i guess they need new tech journalists. @o'b, llp indeed, the negative comments will stop once the reviewers get their hands on the hardware/software combo!
@doug, that's the thing that bugged me. they didn't take any of the many positives from here — just the negatives. figures. some people want to see neil fail. it's a shame, really. llp
my journalism teacher would have had stern comments for anyone quoting unknown sources from a website. journalism is not what it used to be. knew the media would take advantage of the pr misstep. there are people who want pono music to fail. we can not help them achieve their goal. long live pono music.
late into the project for this but....... i have a tom petty player coming my way and i would love to trade someone for a grateful dead player.
goal!!!!!!
@sean, i used to play soccer and was a creative midfielder so i can't help myself.   o'b is a great finisher :)
@mom yeah, it happens, a lot. brian, i very much dislike set-ups for an "i told you so!"  people love to do that though, but it doesn't get my goat.  no guts, no glory (as they say). ob, two things audiophiles are most concerned with...great sound and stories about ketchup.
@brian,  yes. i'm right again. ;-)
@o'b, that's the negative nellies and debbie downers had their impact.  if only they'd taken your advice and zipped it :)
@sean, the press will always be negative, one eye, not two.
i'm really hoping they use all the talk of carly simon and ketchup. because that conversation is gold, right there.
maybe this quote will make it to an article one day... "blow me."
@brian, it was hilarious. glad you agree. that @mom is funny and has damn fine taste in music, too. i like him. actually, i scratch that. i love him. so. funny. @sean, you know that wasn't me! i can't remember who said it. seems like it was one of the people who rarely posts here, but i can't recall.
@brian indeed to the grauniad piece. the negative comments are being picked up. the press will do that. the comments section below the piece is also mainly negative.
from the article brian linked to:   "i'm a great admirer of neil young, but it's a matter of record that we backed a company with him as its creative visionary, not its ceo," wrote one, in a comment on the company's update. "i undoubtedly love neil and know he's a smart guy, but i am concerned 1) whether his very hectic music career will allow him the proper time to serve as the ceo and 2) whether he has the professional experience to properly serve as the ceo of a corporation," wrote another. who wrote these?  step up, you're in a guardian article and used as the "doubting thomas" quotient.
"not" even.  we all need a bit of levity in our lives.
@o'b, it made me smile too but i'm entering this debate - for now. :-)
@mom, i just laughed so loudly at my desk. my colleagues will think i'm a nutcase. haha.
this is interesting: www.theguardian.com/technology/2014/jul/14/neil-young-ponomusic-kickstarter-ceo
i can see the pain in rw's fb post.  my wisdom comes from an obscure bhuddist guru who was partially trained by an australian aboriginal chief who held a chair in rigid theoretical frameworks.  he said it's a real pain to look at things with one eye all the time so why not use two.
yes, eduard, that's what i think i read.  128gb would work in the slot, but that's up to our own wallet.
about the roger waters open letter to neil young...i actually think that it is a kind letter filled with praise.  he seems to merely ask neil to reconsider.  i think it is from the heart. whether it is inappropriate to post on fb...well, it's more of a statement of position to attract attention to a cause that rw believes in.  i think neil can handle being "called out".  i'm sure that these two are actually on the same page but just going about it in different directions.  they both have their reasons for playing or not playing in tel aviv.
@sean i remember pono mentoned that although 128 gb is available, atthe moment they had to decide, price of 128gb was much higher then 64gb but 128gb would work in external slot.
won't the cardslot be able to handle more than a 64gb card?  i thought i read that in the specs.
128 + cardslot would make me extremely happy :) but it's more likely that it's 64 builtin and 64 on sd as originally promised. we can always hope though! and it would surely make the pono a more competitive proposition if it had 128gb onboard + sd card, so who knows..
@ian the what hifi article states that there will be 128gb of memory and a card slot. i wonder if this is upgraded from 64 internal, or this is the 128 total including the 64 card?
that's the problem with this comments section, you can't edit. is an announcement in the press about pono, and will have been a press announcement from them. just trying to be accurate guys...
press announcement from pono sorry about the headline, thought it best to repost this in case it gets lost amongst the rw stuff... is an announcement about how much hires music pono will have access to and where it will come from. with the player, the store, jriver and this content, pono's ecosystem is, i reckon, looking good... from what hifi http://www.whathifi.com/news/ponomusic-teams-omnifone-to-deliver-high-res-audio-catalogue… and then from omnifone themselves (thanks to @larry berg for positing this one) http://www.omnifone.com/content/omnifone-powers-neil-youngs-ponomusic
i will not enter this debate. but i will point out that the p.a.i.n. post really applies here. i can see positive about what rw did and said, i can see ambiguous, indeterminate and negative. all at the same time. but like voltaire, i may disagree with what he says, but i will defend to the death his right to say it. (wasn't actually him that said that but is always attributed to him). (p.a.i.n., btw was taught to me by someone versed in native american wisdom amongst other stuff, nothing to do with the business school other than i took it in there).
i find roger waters' publishing of the letter of debatable taste as well, however i don't see how it is 'unacceptable, or making a private letter public'. since it is made public by the writer. just means it is now an open letter. it sure is confronting and uneasy. but that doesn't make it wrong to say it. he does have a point, although it is a bit rude to publicly put someone on the spot to either agree or disagree with your point. but it is indeed occupied territory, and playing gigs there does seem to be legitimize the status quo.
interesting article. big news. thanks for posting.
the ecosystem forms....
note the comment on provenance tracking...
nice find! from omnifone's web page.. http://www.omnifone.com/content/omnifone-powers-neil-youngs-ponomusic
http://www.whathifi.com/news/ponomusic-teams-omnifone-to-deliver-high-res-audio-catalogue…
you are allowed your opinion. i am allowed mine. i said nothing about rw directly. i said what *i* feel about him. read my post again. have a nice evening yourself. :-)
@o'boogie @brian: i'm certainly not utterly devoted to roger waters and his motivations. i know nothing about either. i do enjoy the music he was part of producing. i see no reason in that to censor the man. as to whether his character or personality denies him the right to make a case? i wouldn't have thought so. we here are extremely fortunate to be able to ventilate in any means we see fit, subject to being respectful and considerate. the subject of roger waters' efforts in the case in point have no such luxury. that is all i have to say on the subject. i'm off to listen to oscar peterson's "exclusively for my friends" downloaded from qobuz today. have a nice evening:-)
@kinch, it seems to me such displays are for an audience, not really for neil. and as @brian said, i'd tend to ignore it, too. which i'm sure neil does. it's totally ok that you are utterly devoted to roger waters and his motivations, but i find him distasteful, rude, solipsistic, and unnecessarily aggressive.
@kinch, if i was the subject of such an open letter i would be inclined to ignore the sender and his message.  irrespective of their apparent use for centuries, i think it is very crass to post something like that on fb.  judging by the pf history, waters does crass often and very well.
roger waters obviously believes that he had a point worth making. what is appropriate? that he should do nothing about something he patently believed to be utterly wrong? being silent in a situation like that would, i believe, be totally inappropriate. waters tried the diplomatic route, and it apparently did not work, so he wrote an open letter. open letters have been used in that fashion for centuries. i'd prefer to get an open letter than a depleted uranium warhead, a cluster bomb or white phosphorous any day of the week - all items waters knows have been used in the past, and could very well be used again. i'd also prefer an open letter than to be "accidentally" crushed to death by a bulldozer like rachel corrie.
"living with war" - by, neil young i'm living with war everyday i'm living with war in my heart everyday i'm living with war right now and when the dawn breaks i see my fellow man and on the flat-screen we kill and we're killed again and when the night falls, i pray for peace try to remember peace (visualize) i join the multitudes i raise my hand in peace i never bow to the laws of the thought police i take a holy vow to never kill again to never kill again i'm living with war in my heart i'm living with war in my heart in my mind i'm living with war right now don't take no tidal wave don't take no mass grave don't take no smokin' gun to show how the west was won but when the curtain falls, i pray for peace try to remember peace (visualize) in the crowded streets in the big hotels in the mosques and the doors of the old museum i take a holy vow to never kill again try to remember peace the rocket's red glare bombs bursting in air give proof through the night, that our flag is still there i'm living with war everyday i'm living with war in my heart everyday i'm living with wat right now
it's completely inappropriate, @brian.
does roger waters believe that publishing a supposedly private letter to neil young on fb is acceptable behaviour - it seems very poor behaviour to me. anyone interested in his behaviour towards the end of pf should watch the parts towards the end of this bbc documentary: http://www.youtube.com/watch…
i'm seeing a couple sublte changes to pono page. no kickstarter side tap, and didn't cohen's bio specifically mention coo?  i could be mistaken...
@michael neil young's concert in tel-aviv was cancelled due to the civilian population of israel being under rocket attack from gaza. the police withdrew the concert license and crowd gatherings of over 300 people are being postponed for safety reasons. neil young is an icon of peace, his appearance in the region could only have spread pono where apparently it is most needed.
start it again from the start? watch, i mean. random fact: aidan john moffatt and i had a whole conversation about the series finale on twitter once. i told him i was unsure about it, and he walked me through it. i  watched again after our chat, and i loved it.
@brian, love that series. i really miss tony, silvio, and walnuts. i might start it again from the start.
@o'b, the music bookending the sopranos.
i'll answer myself. i'm listening to jon hopkins/king creosote, diamond mine. :-)
@brian, i'm sure you are! i'm blushing for you. what are you listening to this evening?
@o'b, i'm blushing as i type. :)
@brian, i thought you might have. how very embarrassing! ;-)
@o'b & @lisa, gosh, i forgot! ;)
them for theme.
just kidding, o'b. you know i love ya! maybe some of those who only go by initials or some other "nonsense" word or company/product name are women. there have been a lot of theme.
@john! i only had one alter ego. and it was my mother. there were no others, smarty pants. :-) i'm sure there are more women among the 18,220. perhaps they are not as chatty as lisa and i are.
china posted last on june 24th...i think.
well, i went back in the posts about 3 to 4 weeks ago and found an allison on june 30th and a china ...with a last name that started with a g or something, but then i gave up. however, i seem to remember several back in the beginning...or maybe it was o'boogie and her alter-ego(s) again.
psssst, @brian. those "guys" can see what you are typing here. not sure if you knew. ;-)
here you go everyone...this one is old, don't know the year! http://m.youtube.com/watch… @o'b too funny! @brian too, too funny!
@o'b & @lisa, keep this between us but i think a few of the, "guys" posting here might actually be women ;)
i tell you what — whether as myself or my mom, i know how to make friends and influence people, don't i? (errrr, that would be a no.)
lisa, yeah. that was me. as wanda, my mother.
@brian there was another girl here when the kickstarter was still going on. i remember because she got mad at somebody and said 'what's your problem?!' and said she wasn't going anywhere!
brian, that was still me. posting under my mom's kickstarter account. hahaha. i don't know if she ever actually posted anything. i think she may have apologized for my big mouth at one point after i realized i should log in as myself. :-)
@o'b exactly! my link below is 27 years old now. here is one from '71, 43 years ago! http://m.youtube.com/watch…
@o'b & @lisa, there was a wanda wasn't there?
@lisa, it would appear so. we are certainly in the minority here either way! ;-) i  associate songs with times, places, and events in my life, too. but i don't not like a song because of a commercial. you know what i mean? just because it was in an ad, i don't associate that song with it forever. i can disconnect them. they always relate back to where i was or what i was feeling at the time.
better...!!! http://m.youtube.com/watch… it is hard to believe it has been 43 years since it was released! anticipation = waiting for pono ;-)
i had forgotten about the ketchup song. now i remember it well. carly simon reminds me of so cal. i relate artists to where i was when i heard them first. also, a year, a time, an age. i don't like to hear artists and songs i like sell out to ads. i don't relate to them that way, i always go back to where i was when i heard them first. special times in our lives. and they don't make them much like they used to, when's the last time we had a jimi or a janis come along. on the ad thing, remember bb's add for aspirin?!! he also did one for diabetes meds i think. but he also told bono in rattle and hum, 'that's a lotta emotion there, young man, a whole lotta emotion!'. sugar and ketchup! @o'b are we the only girl backers out of 18,220?
here are two versions of that silly heinz commercial that used carly simon's song, anticipation. most everybody my age (47) will remember them, and they may spark "flash-backs" of an unwanted sort in some. http://youtu.be/ae6ofz3fgd8 http://youtu.be/uoloyg3jkrq
also, i work in advertising, and hearing things like that make me weep. also, like @brian, i've discovered some great tunes and singers that way. anyway, it worked. you remember the ketchup ad, don't you?
@sean, i'm from scotland, we have ketchup and thankfully the heinz ad didn't make it over the pond.  however, i would advise against basing your music judgement on ads.  ads over the years have used most music that's ever interested me.
whoops. double post, yo.
@sean, they recently teamed up again. they are on good terms now. also? you're silly.
haven't heard the carly/james story in a long time, so i apologize for running a little fast and loose with the facts.  i think the relationship ended badly, as i recall. one thing for sure...james taylor no longer eats ketchup, it's just too painful.
@sean, she was married and had kids with james taylor. they didn't just date! according to your philosophy re: advertising and music, moby is screwed.
o'boogie, no, i know a lot of her songs.  she has a great voice, is a great songwriter and dated james taylor (like the beiber and selena gomez of their day :)   all of this, and still....just ketchup. this is why artists should never sell their best songs for advertising ...it really works.
@sean, is that the only song you know by her? expand your horizons, man! :-)
.... ketchup slowly dripping out of the bottle's head.
haha. brian, not sure where you are from... a long time ago, heinz ketchup used her song in a ketchup commercial.  they played it for years on end.  "aaannnticipaaaation!!!......."
@john yea, i noticed amazon gives mp3 download. didn't see that offered when i scored the blu-ray! the download from the vinyl set is from csny, amazom has not the vinyl. 6 albums! would love to have had it plus the book! weird blu-ray, 40 tracks on 1 cd + dvd. i don't even know if blu-ray plays in car! did not make it through all 40 tracks @ 1st listening! 34, i think! carly simon now, no secrets. a strong voice ;-) sounds like sugar.
@sean, your experience of ketchup is better than mine!
@john, you have to be careful with pure audio blu ray. i bought some in paris that came with a flac download voucher.  i then bought some from amazon that had no download voucher.  i emailed the company who got back and said that they were still thinking about downloads.  when i pointed out that i already had flac downloads from them they just never got back.  they had effectively an advert on the bbc where they talk about a four minute song being 1gb - the guy seemed to know nothing about flac files: http://www.bbc.com/news/entertainment-arts-24441979
love james taylor. he's a lot cooler than we think. carly simon makes me think of ketchup. joni mitchell is the shit. suffice it to say, i prefer rickie lee jones.
thanks, lisa. that's good to know. i won't be spending more money on this collection (csny 1974), since i already bought the $50 3-cd plus 1-dvd version. i just wanted to make sure they were staying true to neil's high resolution mission. although, it's odd that dana said his "pure sound blu-ray" only gave him mp3's (via amazon).
now i'm listening to gladys knight.  this woman's voice kills me. you're the best thing that ever happened to me just floors me. it's such a beautiful song that does what music should do. it moves me so much for so many reasons. beautiful stuff.
@o'b  @mom @lisa - love carly simon and jt! i am embarrassed to say i've never listened to any bruce cockburn...i think i must do. what's a good album to get first. @brian i'll have to check that out thanks! @tmh ~ i will definately buy the blue ray to "nonesuch" when i get a chance cheers.:)
@mom, i love your taste! carly is one of my favorite female singers. up there with joni. nobody does it better is a particular favorite. xx
@john i have the pure blu-ray csny. wanted the vinyl but couldn't justify the cost w/o being able to rip, (don't have equipment!, or knowledge!). the download, i believe, is 192/24. lot's of good info here guys! thanks! @ian ohhh, to take a ferry to see neil! cool! listening to james taylor, sweet baby james. ;-). ak120, vorzuge pure amp ll, hd 600. sweet!
@christmachine nonsuch is a fantastic album but go and buy the blu ray or dvd 5.1 version, you will get a hi-res to rip, and a fantastic surround sound version of a great album
@o'b, love your taste, i'm listening to carly simon and loving it! xx
my favourite xtc album is apple venus vol.1 which i bought new on 180gm vinyl in brighton for £1.99 (though the bargain price was just an extra).
is it true that neil young intends to play a concert in tel aviv? this note from roger waters on facebook https://www.facebook.com/notes/roger-waters-the-wall/a-note-from-roger-july-11-2014/894349527246165 says that he will be.
@sean, love xtc. thanks. @christmachine, skylarking and oranges and lemons are two of my xtc favorites. currently listening to bruce cockburn, dart to the heart.
got the pure sound blu-ray of csny 1974....amazon gave me download of mp3's. neil.....tell them about hi-res.
these are the two i have: xtc – oranges and lemons (original u.s. geffen vinyl) 24bit 96khz xtc – skylarking (1986) {2010 ape 45 rpm 180g reissue)1644&2496 i've never listened to "nonesuch" but it's there to download if i want it at 2.5gb woah! xtc – nonsuch (2lp) (1992) vinyl rip in 24-bit/192khz  is it worth taking the time to download it?? anyone?
@sean about xtc..i know i have "oranges and lemons" 24/96...i should have "nonesuch"// i'll have a look.  @all i have two 24/96 of ldr ~ the german double vinyl and the eu double vinyl with this tracklist...do any of you guys have the bonus tracksas well. here's my tracklist for both... ultraviolence tracklist a1 cruel world 	6:40 a2 ultraviolence 	4:11 a3 shades of cool 	5:42 b1 brooklyn baby 	5:52 b2 west coast 	4:17 b3 sad girl 	5:18 c1 pretty when you cry 	3:54 c2 money power glory 	4:31 c3 fucked my way up to the top 	3:32 c4 old money 	4:31 d1 the other woman 	3:02          limited deluxe edition bonus tracks d2 black beauty 	5:15 d3 guns and roses 	4:31 d4 florida kilos 	4:16
@o'b i converted to android 2.5 years ago, but still get to see ios on occasions (ipad mine etc). vlc works for flac, i haven't tried the vlc streamer app.
@sean, thanks for the info., i'm a big xtc fan.
anyone here have the 24/96 version of xtc's album nonesuch? full package includes blu-ray audio 5.1 and hi-res stereo mixes.  just wondering as i just got the skylarking corrected polarity cd (standard) and it sounds great.  future plans for all xtc records mixed to 5.1 and hi- res are on the works (according to andy partridge website). hope we see these on pono.
@mom, i'll work on the rock stardom. it's never too late! you will be the first to see my pono smile, i guarantee. we're on. llp! xx
@ian, that bobby womack album was great.  enjoy your concert!
lana d-r - her first album (as lizzy grant and with the rey spelled ray) was withdrawn i think? i managed to get a copy of it. is good. is it available again?
@o'b, maybe it's not too late for your rock star calling, you could be a late bloomer. october will be upon us in no time and comparing notes would be great.  apple needs to be big enough to change, you do need a bigger apple.  would you let me see your pono smile? xx  roll on october and long live pono!
@rich, that appears to be android only. i'm locked into an iphone through my work. :-/ thanks, though, mate.
@rich, good shout on bubble upnp - it's a great app!
@mom, hey, i've got a lower register american voice. i've clearly missed my calling as a rock star. dammit! x october is a manageable distance away. i *think* i can make it. i think. we'll have to compare notes in october since we seem to like the same tunes. are we on? and you are right — i do need a bigger apple. roll on october! ;-) xx
lana del rey (correct spelling?) was great on bobby womack's album the bravest man in the universe... waiting for the ferry... https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@o'b, i love her voice, all those low register american female voices get me every time. x wish it was october now and you had a nice pono to use to hear flac files.  maybe you need a bigger apple. x
@brian, it's growing on me. her voice is so pretty and melodious. i like some of her lyrics, too. i must be full of teenage love and angst. ;-) @brad, it's a bit buggy. i want it to be easy. and that's just not possible with the frigging iphone.
@o'b bubble upnp does a great job of streaming from my phone or playing  back on my phone. including hi-res. i tend to upload to dropbox and then download a selection to my phone.
@o'b, me too on the record but her voice is great, so distinctive. i guess i am lucky to play flac files on my phone - if only apple was a little more open.
check out flac player for ios on the app store. you can even play hi-res files if you connect an external dac via the usb camera kit.
listening to the lana del ray. love her voice. undecided on whether i like the record or not yet ... lucky ducky, brian. i wish i could play flac files on my phone.
@doug, i use the meridian player transcend for playing flac files on my phone. the array of android flac players is pretty wide and some are included here: http://appcrawlr.com/iphone-apps/best-apps-flac-player…
just reading about charlie haden's life and work.  it was quite a life. http://www.theguardian.com/music/2014/jul/12/jazz-icon-charlie-haden-dies-at-76 i'm trying to buy the rambling boy album with a host of stars like elvis costello and roseanne cash. @ian, enjoy the neil concert!  neil's energy just amazes me.
have a fab time ian:-) enjoy the trip across the mersey too.
have a great time, not be. i hate this iphone.
@ian, be a great time at the gig. i have vlc, too, but i liked the simplicity of this (nameless) one for playback. i just can't be bothered to get out of bed yet to look up the name. :-) i'll check out audacity. thanks.
there's quite a few apps for the mac for flac. vlc is a good one and is free - plays a lot more than flacs and as mentioned earlier works on ios too. audacity plays and edits if you want and audirvana has a nice front end - looks like a piece of hi fi kit on screen.
a ferry across the mersey to liverpool for us now, off to see neil tonight. looking forward to it.
i discovered a really simple app for my mac that plays flac files beautifully. i just woke up and can't remember the name, but i'll share it when i turn on my macbook later.
i'm a newby with jriver, others here know more than me about it. all i had to do was set the path where the music is stored, specify that it is to import all sub directories/folders and press 'import'. you can specify multiple paths if you have a library split across drives. you can specify the importing of artwork, playlists, videos and and a stack of other file types. it chugs away and when it's done you have a library in jriver. i can't imagine the pono version would be much different for lots of reasons. and pono has said that it will have a ripping function. you can set it to auto import too. so as files are added, they get indexed in the library. i rip on a pc, jriver on a mac, both on the same network. works great so far after a wobbly start.
@eduard, thanks. i use logitechmediaserver with squeezebox boom, touch and squeezelite. i use ipeng to stream on my ipad and orange squeeze to stream on my htc one. all in all a very adaptable system. lms will play pretty well most formats, and the playlist and search facilities are superb.
@kinch yes, vlc plays but it does downsample on pc as well. got a mediaplayer which plays flac files without downsampling (wd)
@mobiusengine vlc will aready play .flac files on your ipad and on android. ipeng will stream and play .flac files from your lms server. i've just loaded up 96khz 24 bit "the division bell" on my ipad air and vlc is playing happily. it is probably downsampling...but it works.
wow all this arguing reminds me of two songs, $&@$&' up and piece of crap.  then i turned on the power to my device that makes music and played harvest moon.  that lightened the mood. :)  maybe neil will write a song about pono comments down the road.....
foobar2000 are planning to launch a portable version of their app. that would bring flac playing to mobile and tablet devices, surely.
well there is a very few on the market but it looks like the movement is growing seeing how well this campaign did. has anyone seen this? https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/geek-wave-it-s-not-a-next-gen-ipod-it-s-a-no-compromise-portable-music-player/x/7970865#home i plan on using both of them, can't wait to compare the pono, wave and an mp3 player. the future of portable audio is really exciting right now!
listening to the new jack white lp lazaretto. it is fun playing with all the features of this album. jack has an amazing imagination. i still can't get used to the record playing inside out. lazaretto has smashed recent year sales records for l the lp comes with a free mp3 download of the album. as much as neil young and jack white have been working together, i had hoped for cd quality or greater. this points to an interesting challenge for pono. how many commonly owned products can even play a flac file? do any phones or tablets? this makes the pono player is very important.
o'boogie, i remember you saying several weeks (months) ago that you loved john prine, and i even sent you a link of jim james playing on letterman with john prine while they were making their rounds publicizing the tribute album for john that my morning jacket played on. http://youtu.be/e-p8sp2rn1c well, just to bring it all back around again, i met john prine back when i was around 6, or 7, or maybe 8 years old back in the early 1970's. my dad liked john's music and recognized him at a table near ours in a small local restaurant near my hometown of greenville, kentucky in muhlenberg county (yes, that muhlenberg county made famous in his song, paradise. i do still remember it, and as i learned to love john prine's music in my early 20's, i recognized its importance in my musical upbringing (along with my dad's record collection). i just wish i had a picture of me at age 7 shaking hands with an early 1970's john prine!
@john, nice pictures! music is my life, too, man. i become a complete mess when i meet my idols. upon meeting johnny cash, i became a gibbering idiot (yes, i set up my many fans here with that one. enjoy!). i've met his daughter rosanne numerous times, and i am much the same way.  kris kristofferson, same—i said something really silly. every single one of them were such gracious and kind souls. it meant a lot to me to meet them.
yeah, o'boogie and brian, so many major influences in my life have left this earth (and many of them much to soon). brian, i am one of those kinds of fans (like your friend). i am so, so "star-struck" when i ever happen to make personal contact with any one of them. music rules my world! i don't know if this will work, but i am including a link to a couple of photos of me with some of my musical heroes. me with jim james of my morning jacket taken less than two months ago at a restaurant in new albany, indiana. [img]http://i1149.photobucket.com/albums/o583/darkstarflashes/jimampme-closeup2-5-25-2014_zps729b82c6.jpg[/img] me with todd rundgren outside headliners music hall in louisville, kentucky in april of 2009. [img]http://i1149.photobucket.com/albums/o583/darkstarflashes/dscf0144.jpg[/img]
@john, i knew about tommy ramone but not charlie haden who was a great musician and a really nice guy.  my friend and i met charlie years ago at an ornette coleman concert in london.  charlie was with a guy i had met (gavin bryars) and my friend was a huge charlie haden fan.  he asked for a photo with charlie and you could tell he was touched that a fan would want a photo with him.  such a sad loss.
both huge losses, @john. so many greats are gone.
well, this day turned out to be a bummer! when i first woke up, i found out tommy ramone (drummer for the ramones) had died. then, while watching the nightly news, i found out charlie haden had died too. charlie haden recorded the album, beyond the missouri sky, with one of my favorite jazz musicians, pat metheny (they are both from missouri). he also recorded with other jazz greats like keith jarrett, who i also love. here are a couple of pat m. & charlie h. songs performed/recorded at wackerhalle, 34th internationale jazzwoche burghausen, burghausen, germany, may 7, 2003. http://youtu.be/3vkhjig6msi http://youtu.be/rpikyidmqps
@jacob this is from one of the creators post sounds like it will add songs to the library as far as reading the itunes library would likely depend on the file format @matthew smith the jriver media center will have cd rip functionality that adds your ripped songs to your pono library.
boy what a soap opera this is. regarding importing files, i would give a hesitant 'maybe', based on my recollection of available pono info. how about that for a definitive answer! in all seriousness, since the interface is based on jriver, there are others here with jriver experience who could offer insight into its typical  features
here is something for you all to feel better by. :) https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@jacob, you can't search the comments, so no worries. not sure that has been asked or not, but i don't know the answer. someone else might, but i don't think we know much about the pono application yet.
i'm not sure if i can search these comments, so apologies if this has already been answered, but will we be able to import our existing libraries from current programs into the pono application? i don't mean just drag and drop the files, but an actual "import" function, that would import say, an itunes .library file for example.
*snort* what a shocker.
@jim agree thanks
yeah, i like the csny 1974 4-disc version a lot too. however, some of the performances seemed to lack a little...energy, in my opinion. i guess i'm comparing them to neil's usual intensity. i do like it a lot, though. i was mainly asking about the $499 version to see if the digital download was of high quality. you would think that it would be, with neil being involved and all... i started converting my 3 cd's into flac, wav, and 320 mp3 files as soon as i got the thing home!  (i've been listening to them on copied cd's so far. i always copy my cd's and put the originals away for safe keeping.)
tracy chapman - give me one reason
@john, i got the $50 one, it's really good.
who's right? who cares? who loves you baby?  i love the who.  blue red and gray, how many friends (both from the who by numbers album)  are favourites.
@sean, bless ya! :-)
@sean, too right fella!
@jim, i think you got the wrong thinnest skin.  this is a forum, people will disagree.  disagreements need not be a bad thing.  maybe you like the business school stuff, i do not, been there got the t shirt.
whoa.  you all's need to chill out on o;boogie. see, i'm an equal opportunity defender.
@jim i'm up for that.... but just before i go music and techie.... @o'b and @brian (@jim too) same gf would order two bottles of soda when we were out, she would undo the caps, place the bottles equidistant from us, about 12" apart, she would flick one cap so it flew between the 'goalposts' and then hand me the other one to do the same. it might sound childish, but we would cheer each other (sedately) in restaurants. it sure beat lengthly arguments :)
@jim, i certainly don't care about your background. i've got thick skin, darling. others here don't, i agree. but yes, feel free jump on board and gripe about me. we all have our hobbies.
did anyone get the big, bad csny 1974 deluxe box set (the $499 one, not the $50 4 disc version i got)? is the "digital download of full 40 tracks" that is advertised here http://www.csnydeluxe.com/ hi-res (flac-hd), or is it a simple mp3 download? just curious, since you had to buy the deluxe box set of the led zeppelin first 3 albums re-masters to get the much better hi-res download (i only got the first album, led zeppelin, in that more expensive form).
@richheart, is disagreeing with anyone on here an offence?  ian reacts like it is (thinnest skin on here perhaps) and that can come across like mutual antagonism.  i'm with o'b and mom.  i too have been schooled and don't want to read business school theory on here.  for the record, ian did want to moderate music discussion (remember the lists) on here.  given that, i suspect he might moderate the business school stuff if it was posted by anyone else.
@rh, i love it, too. i can't say precisely why i love it so very much for various reasons, but it has changed my life in wonderful ways. so yeah. i'm not going anywhere. and ian and i will just keep a annoying each other. it's like family in that way. ;-)
seems to me that too many people (perhaps o'boogie the most) have very thin skin and as a result, way too much space on this virtual blackboard is taken up with 'he said, he must of meant, i think he was pointing at me, etc.).   spent 3 1/2 years before i was 22 travelling around the world on a budget about twice what i'm just in the process of spending on 6 days in bend, ore. came back, did law school and just retired after 32 years of criminal and family law.   who f&$/-;!?g cares.   this venue is a golden opportunity to pick up what part of people's posts have any resonance with where we are or where we're pointed.   in that vein, thank you ian for your specific answers to my earlier questions.   can we all just focus on the music and any tips the more experienced of you continue to post?
@o'b i had a gf who sometimes got me pretty wound up. she would say: "we are both playing for the same team. we want to win, not beat each other (except for fun - of course :)) but aim at the same goal." it's a simple vision but oh, so hard to remember when we get het up. i love this community, i believe all of us here want to see ny and pono succeed, not merely the music players or even the music store but the whole thing: rain forests, world peace, clean energy. "just give me the warm power of the sun....." john hall
@rh, yeah, he bugs me. i bug him. it's not the first time, and it won't be the last. we both know it. but we're here for pono. that's the main thing. i've met some truly amazing people here. i'll be forever thankful for that.
@o'b some posts are long, some short. we've all done it, me and you too. there is, interestingly, a mutual antagonism between you and ian. now, if you and he could settle that and both look at where we all hope pono is going what would be possible?  i really do believe that peace on earth is a worthy goal. just my 2c
@mom, wish it was raining here. it's just stifling humidity and heat.
@ian, sorry, i can't take any more wriggling.  my training in law had me interpret your words with a fair degree of accuracy i think.  i'm going out to sing in the rain.
@sean, no offense, but the only person who should chill is ian. not everyone likes to read a treatise every other post. it's a personal thing. :-)
@o'b, thx xx
whoa.  people's need to chill out on ian.   try not to put yer' mind's inflection on his written word.  it's all pretty neutral imho.
@mom i am a visiting fellow, that is all. and i do some of this stuff at masters level is true. but i am not a teacher by trade, is something i was asked to do, so i do sometimes. my work is in dealing with real situations, the academic stuff is something i do on occasion. so i am not really a teacher. i will repeat that i offered something that i hoped would be helpful, that is all. for some it has been, for others clearly not so, such is life. i also tried really hard not to get up people's noses. and i apologised in advance if it came across in any other way. all i said was that don't insult anyone and i try be respectful and considerate. that is what i try to do. there is no implication in that, i just want to make it clear that i don't insult anyone and i try to be respectful and considerate. that is all. if you read something else into it, that is up to you. 'respectful and considerate' was actually referring to what is written at the top of this comments section, where it has been since day one, i try to do that - especially after reading the guidelines for this comments section, which i did early on. and i am sure that many here have been schooled to a much higher level than me. the reactions to #35 were getting to a place where i was concerned, so i tried to do something about it that would help, that is all. that really is all.
@mom, thanks for correctly interpreting my words. big. fat. crush. on you. :-) xx
@mom, my pleasure, as always. we seem to be on the same page about everything. that's a great thing, isn't it? xx
@ian, ,  you finished your reaction with,"i don't insult anyone, i and i try to be respectful and considerate."  that implies i insulted you - i did not, you would know if i did.  i just don't hang on every word you utter, there is a difference.
@o'b, many thanks for your correct interpretation of my words. x
@ian, "as for being a teacher. not really."  sorry if i thought you were a teacher, the reason was you saying, "i teach some of this stuff to masters students".  clearly my mistake. i'm not biting any finger or trying to offend you.  my reaction was not negative, i have learned to ignore posts that seem to be business school lectures. o'b got it in a nutshell.  i've been schooled, as have lots of us on here.
@o'b as you rightly said, i spoke only of myself. any other inference or assumption was yours. i do not insult anyone and i do try to be respectful and considerate.
@richheart, great song. thanks for the reminder, dolly. :-d
righty-ho then. here is what you wrote: "i don't insult anyone, i [sic] and i try to be respectful and considerate." we'll just agree to disagree. nothing new there. :-)
o'b and i did not say that he insulted me or showed me disrespect. i think they are your words and not mine. as for telling me the truth? mom told me his opinion, which i respect. that was what the whole of the pain piece was about really.
@o'b i offered something which i thought would be genuinely helpful. some took in the spirit it was offered, some did not. so be it.
@o'b give me love, give me truth, give me peace on earth....
@jim @ilan  is good to hear that a full refund can be had for the $15. nice one. i thought that might be the case. need to find out how to make that the norm. @jim as for the stream magic 6. i got it a couple of years ago as my first venture into streaming. it was winning awards and getting 5 star reviews, so i went for it. had always thought of cambridge as a budget brand and not really very good quality. has been trouble free. lots of software upgrades along the way too, which have made it quicker in its operation and added a few features along the way. seems the v2 addresses the inability of the one i have to play anything above 24/96 across ethernet and that would be handy. otherwise it seems like a relatively minor upgrade? the internet radio aspects of it are very good btw and the app for ithings is the best of the streamer apps i have seen. has twin wolfson dacs, so is no slouch in that area. and the balanced output and pre amp option makes it great if you want to drive power amps directly. have tried that with my mono blocs and it works really well. the dac function works well too. i was a bit sceptical when i got it as i did not have much faith in cambridge, but it has been reliable and seems well made. as for sound, it is ok, relatively neutral, the filters on it mean you can tweak the sound a bit. have not been able to compare it with a streamer of much higher quality, naim or similar, so can't comment on sound quality comparison. last things is that the display is horrible, imho. i have it switched off more or less all of the time. ripping vinyl... i use an creative emu 0404 usb adc, which you can also use as a dac. bought off ebay, secondhand for £70/$110. is a bit clunky/fiddly to use, but is ok. it takes line output from the preamp, after the phono input pre pre amp and writes a single file via usb, which i then use audacity to chop into tracks. i tend not to declick, rather to clean each album before ripping it. the output files sound good - on the mac 24/96 is the maximum it will output - pc goes higher i believe. is a bit lil etch modern equivalent of recording a treasured album to cassette in the old days. did you get the custom ear moulds done? have wondered...
@ian, i don't think his reaction was negative. i think he just didn't enjoy being schooled when you clearly have no idea what the rest of us do or know or anything about our qualifications. he didn't insult you or show any disrespect. he just told you the truth. there's a significant difference.
@rich thanks for the jriver stuff. yep, found it.
@mom i did ask you not to bite my finger, but to look at where it was pointing. the reactions to #35 were getting rather difficult so i offered something that i thought might be helpful. and i did say i had put my spelunking helmet on in anticipation of reactions. some reaction was positive, some negative, some ambiguous. your reaction was negative. am not surprised. as for being a teacher. not really. i just work with people. i don't insult anyone, i and i try to be respectful and considerate.
@mom, what? i am so offended. yes, i would like to know about your business and legal qualifications. please list them all here. in detail. now. thanks in advance. no, haven't heard anything at all. but you are very kind to suggest it. :-) xx
@o'b, not really thanks all the same.  do you want to know about my business and legal qualifications?  no, i thought not.  :-) that experience in legalese might be useful in a moderator's position - did anyone ever approach you about being a female moderator?
@mom:  wait. so you don't want to hear about all my degrees in art history and the legalese i deal with every day in my proofreading? well, i never.
@ian, nothing posted was offensive, just a little tedious.  you're a teacher, you like to teach.  we are not students.  imagine for a second what qualifications and experience the rest of us have.  if we shared that in the way you do, this would cease to be an interesting music forum, just an on-line business school. don't worry at all, it's a teacher's condition.  i have an aunt who was a head-mistress, she talks like a teacher to better qualified relatives all the time, it seems to go with the territory.
@ian i like the details about p.a.i.n. just not everyone on here has the same threshold. :) re: jr detail of what is playing: there are 3 small icons in blue, top right. the right hand one looks like a graphic equaliser. left click it, it will show a window titled 'tools' and towards the bottom are output details. you can modify input and output. even if there is no change it will show you what is being output. i the tools menu to limit anything over 24/96 on my mac mini as the toslink only functions up to 24/96. lastly, re nas vs. usb hard drive. i noticed that i prefer my hd connected to the usb of the mini over connecting it via the ethernet. i found it less glassy fwiw.
sorry, i hit the send button.    phone call to confirm my address was two weeks ago and a cheque arrived in the mail last week.  had a great chat with the woman who told me she was the only employee answering requests.   pole, pole.              hey ian, i wondered what physical equipment you used to move the analog vinyl information to the digital computer storage.   how do you like the magic 6?   i was looking to purchase one, but they just came out with their v2.  thanks
ilan....i was out of the country when i ordered my pono but later switched the delivery address to the us and wrote the pono team in late april asking if i could get $15 back.  they answered quickly to say they were working on it then i heard nothing til a woman phoned me two we
@mom, absolutely yes. it will be! can't wait. marty, bruce cockburn, marvin gaye = big pono smile. :-) xx
@brad need to go back and check, which i will do, but clear mention was made of hd masters at 24/96. also, some of the cds are described as being hdcd which i though was more or less defunct. and as per previous comments they initially sounded great but soon realise they sounded thin and hard, especially on the back room system here. they should sound clean, clear and floaty, like the music, as seán points out. bummer. will report back...
@o'b, time will fly by and we can pono smile together whilst listening to marty and the others :-)  it will be an october to remember for sure!  xx
@ seán , yep, fully agree with you. is a drag. wonder what the re-issue vinyl sounds like?
ian, about the cocteau twins stuff.  i have both the original releases and the remastered versions of their last 5 albums.  i can tell you this...i had always thought the original releases sounded a bit flat compared to the two lp vinyl that i did own.  the remastered versions (done by guthrie himself) seemed to favor ( too much in my opinion) clarity and treble.  i also think these sounded "harsh" and a bit too "upfront".  i actually listen to these with a pair of bass heavy headphones to counteract that (my cheaper pair).  i feel that some albums seem to be remixed to favor the way bass heavy headphones handle them (ie beats and the like).  a shame, really.  vocals too apparent and trebles too cranked.  the remastering is loud and seems to lose a bit of the dreamy atmospheric quality by being too brash, in these respects.  my opinion, though. i was hoping a hi-res version would even that out with by adding more space.
"knot comes loose" by, my morning jacket baby, baby, can't you see that i'm smilin'? can't you see, there's a part of me that's brand new? used to be, was a part of me felt like hidin' but now it comes through deep in my heart that's where the knot comes loose deep in my heart i will remember you all my lovely life i been waitin' hot heels anticipatin' another love i found not to let it down, down deep in my heart that's where the knot comes loose deep in my heart i will remember you baby, baby, can't you see that i'm smilin'? can't you see, there's a part of me that's brand new? used to be, was a part of me felt like hidin' but now it comes through now it comes through, comes through to you this version comes from a special ep called, live from las vegas. the original comes from the 2005 album, z. http://youtu.be/niss6qjiks4
@ian i was wondering about those downloads from the 4ad sight. i didn't see any indication that they were 24/96 so i was hesitating to buy them.
@mom, i guess it's not too far away. seems a million years, though, when i'm so looking forward to that pono smile! i am enjoying balin. so love his vocals on with your love and count on me. :-) xx
i tried not to offend. obviously failed. jurist trying to help. ah well.
@o'b, hope you're enjoying marty.  not october yet sadly but yes, pono smiles and much more just around the corner.  xx
@mom, can't wait until october. pono smiles and more! so. is it october yet? x
i agree, chances of a refund, nil.
@o'b, snorts back and thinks, roll on october xx
@mom! there you are. also: agreed. *snort* now i have to listen to marty balin! xx
anyone know if these comments are going to be piped to the pono page? there are some good technical discussions (thanks to all) that i wouldnt mind referring back to...
listening to marty balin and thanking god that we don't all share our career "insights" on here.
@doug@eduard  btw, the cr610 is also a streamer so have streamed the files straight from the nas, no mac/jriver in the way. sounds the same.
@doug p.a.i.n. glad you liked it, the post that is. wondering what memories it brought back? i put it up because i feel everyone is fully entitled to their opinion, whatever it is, and wanted to offer something that shows how different perspectives can all be valuable.
@doug @eduard  the cocteau files.... (sounds like a french detective thing) i spend a lot of time working in the office at home. that's on a mac mini, current spec, lots of ram. i have been using audirvana plus on that, feeding optical digital out to the desktop system, a marantz cr610 and a pair of very rare speakers, more or less no point in describing them, other than they are monitor standard. all wired up with good cables. the mac mini is on the ethernet, accessing a 3tbyte wd nas drive, which is where the music stuff is stored. this week is when i downloaded media center and got to grips with it. so i have been using the office system a lot as i have been doing much writing/research stuff in the office. this morning i sat in the living room where i use a streamer (cambridge audio stream magic 6) via ethernet to feed the hi fi system, which is way ahead of the office system sound wise, but the streamed files are the same. is when i realised that the cocteau files maybe don't sound so good. i have the originals on cd, they were ripped on to the system quite a while back in flac level 0 (no compression at all). the cd/ripped flacs have always sounded rather flat and compressed, muddy would be a word for it, like you know they should sound better, but they don't. a bit muffled maybe? like there should be a lot more detail in there. but they are the only copies of cocteau stuff i have - i bought them for my wife who loved them.  i have long wanted to hear them as i reckoned they should really sound, i don't have any vinyls of the cocteaus (should that be les cocteaux?) to compare. the 4ad site says that they were remastered from hd originals at 24/96. jriver does not report on bit/sample rates as far as i can tell. maybe someone could advise if it does? the downloads sound very different to the cd/ripped flacs. there is a whole load more detail, the bass is much fuller and far more textured, the dynamics are better all round. all the stuff you would hope for and sound immediately impressive. but the sound a bit hard and tiring to listen to after a while. i had them on in the office relatively quiet whilst i was working. before writing this post, i loaded them into audirvana plus and it reports that they are flac 16/44.1 as does the app for the stream magic 6. am not amused to put it mildly. so it seems that the positive sound differences are to do with the remastering, which is fair enough, lots of remastered cds do that. but why do they say they are from hd masters at 24/96? will be writing to them about that. as for why they should sound hard, bright and glassy, i know not, is not a function of the system, it does not sounds like that with most other stuff. have not yet listened to them using the a&k, will do so because that is a very revealing thing i find. i also use a macbook pro when on site/on assignment. but don't really use that for music stuff these days.
@o'boogie @eduard @ian thank you guys :) you are very halpful!
@ilan, then i'd consider just forgetting the $15. it's worth it not to pay the higher taxes, right? good luck. :-)
@ilan  there's plenty of time to get to sorted. there is a new guy looking after comms at pono and as ed says it will all get transferred and there may well be an opportunity to sort it then.
@o'boogie @eduard  thank you.  if i ship it my country i will have to pay taxes, which are very high. thats why i shipped it to a family member in th us. my main concern is that there will be a mixed up with the shipment :(
@ilan i do not wish to start the whole import-duties/ vat discussion again but if you have an address in the us you can ship your pono to it would save you more than the $15 you may loose now.
@ilan pono will transfer all ks information to the new website (not up yet) i assume you will be able to =change your address there (do not know about the $15). @doug i use jriver  and a usb dac to play my ripped  cd's and downloads. in general, the ripped files sound as good or better and the downloads vary in quality. i found that the (studio master) albums i got from qobuz ( www.qobuz.fr in my case) are of good quality. i have heard that not all so-called hi-rez files are really hi-rez but so fari have been lucky.
@ilan i think the chances are slim of you getting the money back. when pono music accounts open, i'd change your shipping address back to your own.
hi guys. a little help please :) i live outside the usa so i added 15$ for the shipment but than i changed my mind and decided to ship it to a family member in the usa. im still listed as "outside the usa" in my pono account. do you think i'll have problams getting my pono? or get those 15$ back?  p.s i asked this q here because i dont know how to ask the pono team.
@ian, the p.a.i.n post brought back memories. good exercise in thinking. enjoyed it. download sound quality post needs more info. you are playing these back with apple laptop or desktop? using jriver #19? are you saying these dowloads sound worse than the original albums or compared to other downloads? maybe you are comparing computer audio to a stand alone cd player? i got lost.  thanks.
has anyone tried changing out stock cable hd650 with blue dragon?
well, i listend to the cocteau downloads a few times. they sound great for a while. better bass, more layers to the sound, more clarity and detail. you know what's coming next. "but..." am not convinced. they sound glassy and over bright at times. a bit hard. seems to apply to all of them. not sure what is going on. harumph!!!
@ian thank you for your post, i have skimmed over it and will read and absorb what you say in my own time. i remain positive of course. i see no reason in the world not to be. we must all remain positive and give the ponomusic team our full support. help rather than hurt. our pono baby is just going through some growing pains. it will come around in due time, of course i hope so, i have invested $1,100.00. it is almost time for neil! go get ready, have fun, and let us all know how it was tomorrow! @david have a blast! eddie has been known to show up when he's in the neighborhood! he did just that at a u2 gig in honolulu a few years back. he grabbed a tambourine and played back up for bono. of course they did  'keep on rockin in the free world'! he's a surfer and likes to hang out on the north shores of oahu! he might just show up on stage with neil and the horse! :-)
@ian the silence after a long comment can be interpreted .... p.a.i.n. i like it, i see it as positive and can get that others are ambiguous, indeterminate or negative about it. thanks ian
i would like to offer something around update #35. am not sure i know how to do this without getting up people’s noses, sounding like i’m preaching blah blah blah. is not my intention to do any of that, just to offer something that i hope will be helpful. i ask that you don’t bite my finger, but look at where it is pointing.  if i cock up the communication here i apologise, is not my intention. if it sounds like a bit of a presentation, or lecture again i apologise - is the only way i know of doing this here. must make a video of it and get it on the web as part of the education thing i am involved in. meanwhile this will take a few minutes to read. i hope it will be helpful generally. not just for #35. is from the world of strategic thinking, where i do stuff with teams and individuals, from small to large, ngo, public sector, academic and corporate. is to do with how to interpret information (#35 for instance) and is known as (or is derived from) ‘causal texture’. based on a whole load of research into communications and decision making, done over a very long time (not by me).  if anyone interested in where it comes from am very happy to provide sources. anyhow, here goes…. when we are presented with something either verbally or by action, we often don’t really know what led up to the event. we try to figure out what might have been going on to lead up to it and then choose our stance on it. we can rarely be certain, because there is uncertainty – which we don’t like. the best we normally do is to see the event as either positive or negative, sometimes as grey of some sort. we have had a lot of that here about #35, positive perspectives and negative ones too. there are (at least) two other perspectives. goes like this: positive this information or event is welcome, clearly in line with our goals, moves us forward, is what we really need right now and we would like more of it please. no confusion. certainty. ambiguous we can see very clear positive and very clear negative in this, at the same time. we cannot be fully positive because there is clearly some negative in there, and vice versa. clarity. no confusion, but certainty and uncertainty at the same time indeterminate we cannot get a handle on it at all. either insufficient information, or information that does not make any sense to us. no position of clarity can be achieved. we don’t know what this means or what has happened here. confusion. uncertainty. negative this information or event is unwelcome, clearly not in line with our goals, gets us stuck or even moves us backwards, is not what we really need right now and we would like less of this please. clarity. no confusion. certainty. the four causal textures (acronym of p.a.i.n.) can be used when looking at any situation and help us not to get stuck in any one of them, or jump to conclusions that cannot be backed by proper evidence. different people will see different textures in the same situation. no one can prove anything either way and so arguments break out.  but if things are uncertain then all views may be valid. when in a group it is sometimes the dissenting voice that sees it most accurately. the sole positive voice, the sole negative voice, or the sole ambiguous or indeterminate voice. the important thing is to understand why that sole voice feels the way it does. they may have experience, information or a perspective which is better informed than the rest of the group. or they may not. but if we don’t listen to them, we will never know. we (colleagues and i) use this in conflict / uncertainty situations to help untangle things and get the group unstuck and moving forward. it is a very easy and quick way of generating scenarios of what might be going on rather than either getting into a groupthink situation or conflict that is difficult to back out of. we use causal texture voting where each person identifies how they feel about the situation and then dialogue to understand more. has led to rapid easing of stuckness when they had been stuck for a long time, and back to working together and understanding each other better. the real trick is to more or less make yourself see all four causal textures at the same time. as possibilities. that breaks our own potential to see things only one way (whatever it is) and by doing so, other possibilities open up of what might be going on right now. that position, of seeing all four textures and holding them at the same time, is sometimes referred to as the meta positive state. is difficult to do at first, but once you get used to doing it, it becomes a way of looking at things and seeing and finding new possibilities. finally, jumping from negative to positive in one step is rarely possible. a negative position is rarely fully negative – it will have some uncertainty in it, that will move it to indeterminate. then clarity can be sought and a move to ambiguous can happen. focus on the positives and attend to the negatives and a move to positive can happen. all of which may take time and effort to get unstuck. as for #35, personally i am in an ambiguous state. clearly a ceo leaving is not what you want and can be seen as a negative. but equally clearly having two heavyweights join is positive. the uncertainty will resolve around what happens next. but if we look for negatives we are likely to find them – it is what we were looking for. ditto for positives. so look for all of them at the same time. right now i want to focus on the positive possibilities including that the pono team know what they are doing and are doing it. the next step after causal texture is strategic scenario thinking, but that’s a whole other ball game. hope that came across ok. my spelunking helmet is donned.
@siltech apologies. i should have said that i use fast and bulbous on pp.org. is a nod to the captain and an identity i use all over the place.  i do have my real name there too in the introduce yourself bit.
@jim  morning. well it is here anyhow. i use mac and pc. the only thing i use the pc for is ripping. dbpoweramp for that. looked around and it seemed to come out very well, not just for ripping for the management of the library - artwork recover, duplicates, that sort of thing. others available, a lot of people seem to like xld i think. this past week i have been getting to grips with jriver on the mac, v19. no ripping functionality at all as yet, although i believe it does so on the pc. after a wobbly start (v19 just about a beta i reckon) with it taking 8 hours to load the library and falling over periodically and stuttering whilst buffering, it now seems fine. at last there is a real alternative to itunes. and it does playlists well too. i tried media monkey on the pc a few years ago and that seemed ok as well. i really do feel that when jriver does ripping (accuraterip, surely?) and device management properly, it will be a real threat to itunes. cost me $50, money well spent. if it comes free with pono, that just ups the value of pono even more. real ecosystem stuff.
anothertribe.    truer words never spoken.       ian.    what do you use to rip your albums?
rip tommy ramone - http://www.blabbermouth.net/news/former-ramones-drummerproducer-tommy-ramone-dies-at-62/ :(
@david that's awesome...jealous :) have fun!
just around 12 hours to go before neil rocks hyde park. can't wait, and - fingers crossed - am hoping that a certain mr vedder decides to make the short journey down from milton keynes where pj played last night to lend a hand. saw pj in leeds earlier this week for the first time and was blown away. three hours and a 36 song set. and on the pono front, am still feeling positive and can't wait till december!
have no idea why my message below repeated itself  hours later. this site is strange. sorry. not sorry for still feeling positive about pono music. go pono.
agree with o'boogie. but, a proper pr manager would have mentioned a week or two earlier that mr. hamm was leaving. that would have taken the "left in the middle of the night " negativity and fear out of the story. if pono backers are nervous, what do you think the bad news media and joe public are going to make of this?
not that mom, @siltech. i want man of mystery! :-)
mom is making apple pie.
hey, where's @mom? i miss my @mom. :-) x
@bob to be, or not to be.
@steven varisto 12 years late lets hope we will see the pono before 2026. and we know what he said about the archive. "some of it is good, some of it is crap.
ian kendrick on ponopeople.org i can't find you. i did a search and checked all 6 pages. are you going by a different username?
so yesterday i left a comment about the late dates of the posters, in hindsight it not about getting my poster or shirt or several player's in oct. i love neil first and for most. thats way i backed this project. i know neil takes his time when he is involved in his projects. i guess it's putting up front a lot of cash and should have known its ready when its ready. i don't care who left, who's new ceo. i'm not rich and i'm far from poor, it would have been nice to put down maybe 50% to seal the items and not put dates when due to be shipped. in 1998 ny said he was working on his archives and should be out in a year or 2, he took his time to do it right and they came out late 2010ish. it's about the music we love so we wait. i can and will wait, just hope the players don't take as long as the archives did. it's all good and ny is my man, we don't live forever though. my 2 cents for 2day. i feel better now. lol
@anothertribe perfect. absolutely spot on.
koons + gaga = pono
what brian said. the pettiness is sad and so unnecessary. anyway, just met jeff koons, a man as legendary in the art world as neil young in music. amazing night! don't bring me down, guys. :-)
i agree, i am not concerned much at all.  company employees revolve all the time and it means nothing.
i've signed-up for t-shirt, poster, player etc.  am i concerned by john hamm standing down?  do i worry when anything will arrive?  absolutely not.  the ponomusic team is working very hard to make things happen for all of us, they deserve our complete support rather than small-minded pettiness.
where's my pono 80's style painters cap, dammit! :)
haha, that's funny.
1st world problems really are the worst........
i'm a pretty mellow guy.  i don't think expressing some concern though, is akin to being a "negative nelly".  some people here have concerns about the release of john hamm from the pono team.  i think that is perfectly valid seeing as he's in the videos explaining everything and has basically been the guy promoting and selling the device and concept. we are, somewhat, like small investors...we have the right to be wary when something like this is dropped in our laps without explanation.   in other news, neil young has decided to go with his original concept for the pono...it's going to have wheels, and sundials and shit, all over it.  a rainforest weasel will run a small treadmill off to the side to power it, making it eco-friendly.
@john, that made laugh. he really needs his poster. clearly.
man! i really hope you get your poster real soon! i checked out all 5 of your posts, and the word "poster" was in all of them!
new motto: pono music - where your t-shirt and poster rediscovers patience!
you know there's nothing wrong with expressing a little concern about some fairly significant and unexpected changes without getting pegged with childish names. there have been some good points brought up here
what do you think an apple ks project would have been like? hmmmmm....... or how about that edison guy? tesla?
@o'b do you mean that odd jobs fellow with his garage? :)
gone with the wind.
you guys are acting like 10 days late shipping t-shirts = end times. you can't invest in a kickstarter and expect them to deliver everything exactly on time. that's not how it works. some never deliver. but pono will. we're talking about neil young here — not some guy making shit in his garage.
we've invested (at most) $400 and we are so far enjoying a ride that, even if my player never shows up, i will glad i was part of. my player will show up. the store will open and have surprises that none of us expected. the world will be more pono. the sky will not fall down. "imagine all the people....."
no.
@frank when you buy a new car, do you worry in case the seats get stained and that the fuel gauge might let you run out without warning you?
yes, i think they would tell us they had secured financing.
@joe how did you know the sky is falling? i can see it clearly...... :)
i am not sure how much more involved neil will become than he currently is now that he is ceo.  he is in europe now and will be continuing his european tour for another month.
do you really think pono music would tell you/us about their financing!?! why would/should they!?! you/we are just backers, pledging from $1 to a few hundred $'s. we are not (and should not be) in that loop.
@chicken littles......the sky is falling!!   the sky is falling!!!
they certainly haven't announced them, and they are the sorts of things one would announce.  surely they are not keeping those positive developments a secret from backers.
@reality frank rhonda esq. i don't know. perhaps john hamm left because those deadlines weren't being met and ny decided to take a more hands on approach. would that be positive? as all have said: we don't know. what we do know is:  1) this is ny's dream coming to fruition, 2) deadlines were not met, 3) communication was lacking, 4) changes were made, 5) ny has adopted a more direct stance and will be more involved. i like that.
who told you pono music hasn't "entered into an agreement with a content delivery partner" or "has not secured any financing"...? or...do you know something the rest of us don't?
i don't know. i see that pono has missed all its deadlines to date, has not yet entered into an agreement with a content delivery partner, has not secured any financing, and its ceo has resigned or been fired. i don't view those as positive developments, but hope springs eternal.
"keep on rockin' in the free world!"
there are quite a few negative nellys and debbie downers. i feel sure we have reality rhondas, too. wait. are you reality rhonda, @frank?
so we have negative neelys and positive pollys.  are there any reality rhondas out there?
@frank, nope. i just choose not to be a negative nelly. we have enough of those here already. we're running over with them. have a good weekend!
oh, i thought maybe you knew something the rest of us didn't.
magic! and because they said so in a couple of updates ago.
o'boogie: what leads you to believe they are right on track for october?
i've been listening to baby by ariel pink's haunted graffiti. sounds great to me on this late friday afternoon.
that sounds like fun peter...when bruises are a result of loud music and crazy crowd, this is a good thing imo. @o'boogie that sounds fun too. :)
sounds like a great gig, @peter. have fun. i'm glad we're cool, yo. i'm going to hear jeff koons lecture tonight. he's a very entertaining fellow, so i'm looking forward to that. but i don't think i'll come out with any bruises. ;-)
@ob we cool, yo. another update would be nice--something about the store/content, and shipping/design.  and, though i didn't order one, the poster shipping.  and i'm not among those who bitches and moans because a lawyer is now on the leadership team, me being one myself. we all wear breeze of mordor when we go out with our wives/partners.  this weekend, my wife and i are seeing the mighty x live in los angeles!! i can already feel the bruises, and i'm on the tail end of my 50s (!)
right now listening to: lana del rey ‎– ultraviolence (2014 eu dolp) 24/96 hi-rez vinyl rip...now this is dramatico but very good! :)
@peter, i had to tease you. it was really funny. i think when you launch something like pono to the world, you need a big, dynamic personality who has serious presentation skills. jh had all that. he's done his bit now. i think they are right on track for october. just hang on. we'll get another update soon.
@cm thanks :)  @ob drama a bit--a bit!-tongue in cheek but i am concerned.  only because i spent a few hours with jh and was so impressed at his knowledge, passion and confidence.  he seemed like a really can do guy, cool too.  i just hope that the new team can match it, but i'm still a believer and have upgraded my office stereo to be ready for my nyle pono in october.  i think and hope it can happen.
@ian i liked your logic post on this...nice one mate! @o'boogie i do concur, with the "breeze of mordor"...hilarious peter. haha
@christmachine seriously. it makes me laugh a lot. but not as much as the breeze of mordor or whatever from yesterday. peter wins for maximum drama. ;-)
@o'b @cm agreed. have had enough of the negativity. no need for it at all.
yes o'boogie you nailed if..a member of the doom and gloom club does show up every few hours. haha too funny. oh no life is coming to an end as we know it, without jh...oh the drama lulzz
none, not known. damn typos.
i love how every couple of hours, someone turns up afresh to forecast gloom and doom like they are the first to see the update. we all read the update. none of us have any idea what's going on. stop with the poo-pooing already. i can't take one more debbie downer posting here about how it is bad news. because — let's be honest —known of us have a clue about why jh left.
@carlos right on!
@keith why is it clearly bad news? it may be bad news, it may not be.
hamm leaving now is clearly bad news.  "remains an investor" = they won't let him out with his money.  the only issue is whether they can recover.  i really hope so.  ny as ceo?  symbolic but not what's needed.  pono's lawyer as coo?  mmmm...
keep in mind the announcement said mr. hamm was still an investor.  that points to a friendly seperation. mr. hamm may be a person that always needs new challenges, or boredom sets in. his main duties were probably completed. being an investor, why draw a salary that weakens the organization. this is a good move for pono music. unfortunately the message was handled a little carelessly,  allowing doom & gloom to creep in. listening to neil youngs fork in the road album in 24/96 sound. try to top that fit.
@dana yes, the site was already updated yesterday when i looked at it. i thought that was quick too. @ian spent some time listening to some of these...interesting! http://youtu.be/7bnjwonhsgc
well....they updated the ponomusic site with the new officers quickly....still no pre-sale page though. maybe everything john hamm announced needs to be re-thought.
@carlos +1 from me
@siltech if you are still interested in the oppo headphone amp, pm me on pp.org. i have something that might be of interest. i
at the end of the day, this has always been neil's baby.  he is the artist that has felt the pains of creating music only to see it compromised and not be what he intended it to be.  pono will do extremely well.  most importantly it will come out the way neil young intended for it to come out.  pono, that is…not tee shirts, autographs and dinner meetings.  clearly he will deliver on those, but that is not pono.  pono is what you are going to hear in the music to come from this project.  it might hit the dates and it might not.  it won't be delivered half baked, thats for sure….as long as neil young has control of the project.  if you don't believe me, just ask old black….or larry cragg!
another vector on this. one guys leaves, two heavyweight experienced and respected people join the team. i would imagine that they have both looked at the situation very carefully before joining. i owudl imagine they have talked with each other, compared notes and talked with the rest of the team too. why would they join if it was a bad situation? they didn't decide to join overnight, on a whim either, that's for sure. the conversations will have been going on for a while. neither of these guys are fools, neither of them are inexperienced, neither of them needs the financial rewards. i suspect they both have quite good judgment. maybe some people think none of the above. to me this looks like an organisation shifting into the next gear, getting itself all tooled up for what it has to do - get music, deliver music, deliver players, build community. getting itself back on track. and it has been co-ordinated in advance. is just that we got to find out about it today, that's all. the more i think about this shift, the more i think i like it.
i'm currently feeling like a bit of a jerk for a variety of reasons, but backing neil young and pono is not one of them. just hang on, guys. llp!
@ brian, i agree. there are times and i am not saying this is one of them, when the ceo leaving is vital for the organisation, to allow it to rapidly shift to a new structure that addresses what needs to be done next.
you can look and see negative, you can look and see positive or you can look and see indeterminate. is positive or indeterminate as far as i am concerned, for logical reasons. pono moves on to the next phase of its development. restructured and increased team to do it. focused on operations and content. with better comms hopefully. what's not to like? i agree the comms could have been better handled, as they could have been all along. and that is getting addressed too. as for jh leaving being a bad sign, that depends how you look at it and the changes in behaviour of the organisation that ensue from the change. i have worked with scores of organisations, large and small. what is important is that issues are recognised and addressed in a decisive and timely manner. why not give the new structure a chance? that's what i'm going to do. startup phase is done, organisation established. it needs organising fully, processes and procedures now. that are scaleable and responsive. there is an operational plan, it needs implementing. if there isn't a plan there needs to be one very quick. and then it will need implementing. either way you need a coo and they now have one. that is not a ceo role. and they need content, so they have a heavyweight for that, again not a ceo role. why does that not makes sense here?
@jdc, it's all guesswork but his main contributions may have been taking the prototype pono through design changes to production, organising a successful ks campaign and getting jriver on board.  his role may have been finished.  the notice depends on his contract and agreements with neil, he may have given notice, who knows? ceos with high profiles often get poached.  all speculation.  i have faith in neil and co.  llp!
@ brian-john had done the work he was brought in to do. really? what was that? yes ceos leave but notice is given. ob yes ceos leave all the time for greener pastures. what is greener than this?
agree with o'boogie. but, a proper pr manager would have mentioned a week or two earlier that mr. hamm was leaving. that would have taken the "left in the middle of the night " negativity and fear out of the story. if pono backers are nervous, what do you think the bad news media and joe public are going to make of this?
i've worked for two large corporations, and at both places,  ceos left voluntarily to move on to other things. it isn't necessarily an ominous sign.
@jdc, not necessarily any issue when a ceo leaves.  maybe john hamm had done the work he was brought in to do.  ceos leave without issues on regular basis.
@ brian - me too, really isn't a good sign though from any firm/business/group when the ceo leaves. there must be issues, and to say that there isn't any is just being ignorant.
@jdc, volume 2 of whp may well cover it, until then it's all positive from me.
john hamm sold it, i feel hurt. was it the rainforest issue? was it not putting people's names on the website in a timely fashion? did the new office stink? we will never know...
@lisa  as jimmy carl black (zappa's drummer and the same for beefheart on occasion) once said "frank's good. but beefheart's the real thaaannngg". and i guess he should know. :o)
@ian had to look those up, not really familiar with capt beefheart. listened to some zappa once upon a time! if you like crazy horse, get ready for some rock. and watch out for the black guitar :-)
@lisa lyrics that inspire... is the good captain for me with blabber'n'smoke. written to/at/for him by jan van vliet, his wife. all you ever do is blabber ‘n smoke there’s ah big pain in your window ‘n all your waters turn t’ rope it gonna hang you all dangle you all dang you all if you don’t hurry there will be no hope why don’t you quit actin’ like ah dope all you ever do is blabber ‘n smoke it don’t matter where you got your start which side of your head you wear your heart clean up the air ‘n treat the animals fair i can’t help but think you treat love like ah joke time’s runnin’ out ‘n all you ever do is blabber ‘n smoke https://www.youtube.com/watch… i have a jacket like the one the captain is wearing. given to me by a good friend on the condition that i wear it, carry a copy of troutmask replica and have blabber'n'smoke playing when i kick off the next leadership/strategy programme. this i did.
@ian yes, i want to read 'waging heavy peace' again. even the title says it all. and love what it says on neil's hat on the cover, 'hippie dream'. ponos ethos is why i'm here. won't stand down. tom petty... well i won't back down, no i won't back down you could stand me up at the gates of hell but i won't back down gonna stand my ground, won't be turned around and i'll keep this world from draggin' me down gonna stand my ground and i won't back down [chorus:] hey baby, there ain't no easy way out hey i will stand my ground and i won't back down well i know what's right, i got just one life in a world that keeps on pushin' me around but i'll stand my ground and i won't back down hey baby there ain't no easy way out hey i will stand my ground and i won't back down no, i won't back down
auto effin correct!!!! world/works...
a few more of les cocteaux downloaded. blue bell knoll on now. treasure on the way. having to reconsider... yep, choosing a favourite is hard. a revisit to things after a gap of some years brings a new perspective. am just enjoying being wafted and floated about by liz f and co. on this sunny day. lovely. and they sound really great. i hope other labels will follow suit with pricing at $10/£5.80, downloaded and at 24/96. that's a model that world i reckon.
@lisa, @simon @eduard waging heavy peace waiting for me at the local bookshop. looking forward to that...  picking it up later today.
that is where i first read/heard about pono, in the book.
whp is good.  a nice ramble.  the last chapter though - now that is something else.  it is beautiful and moving.
@lisa must read neil's book. going on line now to get it.
@lisa  so.... the hippies have grown up, the smarts, the cash and the ethos and want to change things. that's sort of why i am here. actually it's totally why i am here. i would rather that than the vulture capitalists be at play here.
@doug love what you said!... 'no one said saving the soul of music would be easy. go pono.' it may not be easy but it will get done!
if anyone has not read neil's book, 'waging heavy peace', i highly recommend it. neil did not let someone else write his book, he wrote it himself. i know he is proud of it. @ian i have two more books on the shelf to read! greg allman's, 'my cross to bear' and graham nash's, 'a rock and roll life'! yes, the hippies are of age now and have not only smarts, they also have cash, lots of it! llp
oh, btw, since this has not been mentioned. neil included and sent us all a card in with the t-shirts. he thanks all of us for our support again, says we are all part of the ponomusic team and signs the card, neil young. i thought that was a nice touch.
@doug i agree about the pr position. randy is in place now to look after that side of things we are told. @lisa am half way through the book "everything i know about business i learned from the grateful dead - the ten most innovative lessons from a long strange trip". is really good. jerry garcia and co understood how to build a community with a different business model that out manoeuvred the 'traditional' 'right' ways. their ways are now being adopted at business schools too and they really show some better ideas. is very encouraging. and bob weir is alongside neil in the pono ethos. the world is changing, the hippies have grown up and some of them have the smarts. big ones. i remain positive, optimistic and committed to this. i see no reason at all not to be.
jim just left for work with his black backer shirt on! it looks awesome!
@ ian love your analytical mind! good to read your posts, i believe everything will get sorted out. the t's to europe may take a few more days to arrive in europe. do you have another neil t you can wear to the concert? @simon yes, the t's are a good quality, the yellow is especially good looking. the pizza sounds good! my dad always says 'the sun will be out tomorrow!'. @sean f. what's wrong with a bunch of hippies running the show? i believe neil to be an excellent ceo, who could possibly care more than him?!!! it is his 'hippie dream' after all!  ;-)
think pono has been missing one important position from the start. there should be a pr person. this person would have done a better job of communicating with backers, explaining the road blocks slowing pono progress, and smooth the transition from mr. hamm. this could have all been handled smoother, throwing less red flags in the process. no one said saving the soul of music would be easy. go pono.
@alexander i hear what you say. i think that what is needed right now and for the foreseeable future is heavyweight operational expertise to get this thing running right and to a much larger scale. is what a coo does on behalf of the ceo and the rest of the board, hands on, every day. also, depends on what you, me or anyone else thinks a ceo does. different schools of thought on that. ceo's job, in sort of classical terms, is to make sure the board makes timely decisions and that they are implemented in accordance with the wishes of the board. and for the implementation, it gets passed to the coo. the fact that a coo was not present before and is now also indicates a shift to the next phase i reckon. the burden of operational success is with the coo. the more i think of this structure, the more sense it makes. get operations sorted out, get content sorted out, get the tech sorted out and get the community up and running, all with better comms. and have a ceo who faces issues, gets decisions made and makes things happen. ny does that alright. but time will tell...
john hamm leaving before the actual launch of pono and ponomusic is kindof worrying. apparantly there is some real trouble in paradise. and perfect as neil young is in the roll of visionary and public figure, i'm not really so sure he has the business experience or even the time that a ceo ideally should have. combined with not meeting their promised deadlines so far, it's kindof worrying. i also don't really agree with ian that replacing an experienced ceo with a musician is a 'good move' for a company that produces electronics.
thanks ian!  that's great. oh, & i just re- read my post and send apologies to brad - i didn't mean "whatever" to his comment about getting delivery of his t shirt - that is indeed great news that pledge rewards are flowing.
@simon ripped my davey/davy graham albums yesterday, including the the shirley collins/davey graham album - folk roots, new routes - and thought of the ks about her. your post prompted me, just pledged. thanks for the nudge. was hoping for my t shirt for the gig on sunday. you never know...
so, a change at the top at pono. have read all of the comments and can see all the different points of view. what we know is that jh is no longer ceo, a coo is appointed and a head of content acquisition is appointed. oh yeah, and ny is ceo. the rest of the team stays as is. my guts tell me that is all a good move. the first phase - getting the thing up and running - is done, was done a while ago really. now it needs to get its operations in order, it needs to deliver and it needs to scale. to do that it needs operational planning and implementation - that's what a coo does. and having content sorted out is equally critical - pono is more about music than it is about the player (i think that is so), so having a heavyweight head of content acquisition is critical - got that sorted with mr botnick i would guess. john hamm is a personal friend of geoffrey moore of the chasm group and author of their approach to innovation, which is used by many of the top organisations. the big thing he points out is that the behaviour that is essential for success in one phase is disastrous in the next. this feels like one of those moments to me. if you were to put together a team to take this thing to the next stage, what roles would you want? not people, roles. find the people once the roles are figured out. i'd want an operations planning and implementation role to sort out operations, a content acquisition and management role to sort out content, a technology role to sort out the tech, a product development role to handle that and a comms role to get that sorted. and i'd want to really start to build the community now, so a role for that. and i'd want the visionary founder being visible. that sort of sounds like what is now in place. and really high quality folk in each of the roles from what i can see. they say that decisions show an organisation is alive. pono is making decisions and implementing them. phew... all will be proven in the fullness of time. there have been calls for change from this comments section, seems to me like change is happening. i am by no means negative, more in an "ok, sounds good, let's see how it goes" frame of mind. and so, i'm staying positive. in fact in between starting this post and laying out some thoughts, i have gone very positive. maybe time will prove that was not well founded, but i don't see much to be negative about right now.
does the t shirt fit brad?  what's the quality like?  did you go for the yellow?  where's mine?  good luck to the outgoing & incoming pono officers.  it's a grey day in a glasgow but the sun will be out soon. i had a fantastic turkish pizza last night at the anatolia.  raises hands to head in the shape of a large w and shouts....   but this is important: please, please support  the ballad of shirley collins kickstarter!  the story of shirley collins & alan lomax and their field recordings will be a fabulous film that needs help to be made.  there are not many days left but still a lot of loose change needs to be found.
@kevin. good to hear, am looking forward to sunday.
on a more positive vibe, was at the gig in cork last night and it was brilliant.  hope @kinch agrees.  amazing set list and a great time had by all.
hamm stepping down is not a good move. this does not look good for pono. neil ceo? smh.
now it's just a bunch of hippies running the show...rainforest noises and all. :)
ob no, not really. but what a kickstarter concept amirite ?
o
really, peter? sounds dreadful.
actually, mordor breeze is a cologne scent. a bad one.
@lisa cooper yes, once again, neil youngs baby.
think it is positive. john did his part as spokesman and over all planner. now pono has to work music deals with the labels and artists. this requires a lawyer. pono music is like a multistage rocket taking off ( thinking of that boston album cover now). all is good.
i'm staying positive! long live pono!!!
@mark let's be positive. the only thing from the top down is the way we read these comments. i read the update from the bottom up. i want to thank john hamm for the work he has done. the beginning can be the most difficult to organize. t's are here and it is only july 10! 6 million is a lot when 800,000 was the goal. go neil!
right brian...who knows this could have been planned. 1. new, more media coverage, 2. if neil was in jh's position from the start people really would have been calling us sheep. 3. now that it's a successful start neil steps in to really make this thing work. @douglas, brian, o'b...yes the bright side, is the way to go for sure. no reason to fret.
well said, brian and douglas. thanks.
he has done his bit, the grass is greener on the other side of the fence! whatever ever the reason for the step down i'm going to stick with the positive side. the linkedin profile tells you a lot, i hadn't looked since the beginning of the project but on looking again it's in character for the man.
after looking at john hamm's linkedin profile, he has been with pono for 1 year and 3 months.  a previous role was president and ceo at accept corporation for 1 year and 4 months.  no-one here knows why he stepped down, i've known ceos and coos to step down for no controversial reason.  i think he deserves our thanks for the work done to date.  pono moves ahead i'm sure.
a mess....uh...ok
what a mess.  here is how it goes.  lawyer coo spends to much time being a lawyer.  hires to many people to do work around him.   he was ceo of a pension fund!   it's like watching paint dry.  they try to do top down management.   good talent leaves after a year.  it's a bitch making real things.  takes real time.  just getting from final design to product production will take a year.   $6m is really not a lot of cash to take a product to market.  money used up.   doors close.  but we do get our posters.
:)
mordor?  maybe neil will send a raven. it will all be fine i'm sure :-)
@carlos, hahaha.
what do you mean you don't like the sounds of the rain forrest???  your fired!  just kidding...i'm sure it's all good with everyone at the pono factory :)
yup! neil will not let this fail.
@siltech i agree with you. nothing neil does surprises me. pono is his baby and he's going to do it right. he is stubborn, it will have to be perfect. i'm with neil, he has a lot of support.
@bob...that's probably some of the reasons. i did not want to say it. they are fixing things.
ok, now i'm actually laughing. "a breeze from mordor?" jeez, guys.
@bob i have to reluctantly agree. the late posters didn't concern me but john's departure really seems odd and ominous. when i met him he seemed incredibly engaged and central to the project's vision and implementation. and suddenly gone?  it's like a breeze from mordor.
@tmh of course big things are happening, and you're probably right. no big deal. j h is a salesman. whether pushed out or left. does not matter. why get wound up, when that's what all the detractors want us to do? things will be fine. if they are late...we knew that was a possibility already. no change except making sure the ship is right. ;)
or board. there's only one. #ihatetypos
@mom, thanks! i'm still awaiting that certified letter confirming my appointment to the boards. ;-) it's very important to me, too. x
@o'b, i hope you are right, this is really important to me.  maybe they need a charming, strong, intelligent lady on that board.  it's got you written all over it.
ceo's don't usually step down they usually go to better jobs or get canned. project running late, rewards not delivered on time, store late, website late, posters late, updates late! lets hope this is not crash and burn as i know most everyone wants their pono
@tmh, congratulations. i also work in the corporate world. do you have a point? we don't know what is happening. what is the point in speculation? @brian and @christmachine, yes. we're all on the same page. :-)
o'boogie i work in the corporate world 9.9 times out of 10 people do not "step down" 5 months into a job.  they are pushed. this is something happening.
survey just completed. it will be fine...we just have to weather the next week or two of media "told you so's" from people like leftsays...stay strong people. this will pass :)
"stepped down" can mean anything. i'm not panicking, but this major a change this early in the game makes me a little uneasy. i agree, ny as chairman of the board would be good. a ceo, though, is a full time job, especially now. guess we'll just have to wait and see..
@o'b, spot on, hopefully a storm in a teacup and we will continue as normal.
nothing really happened. john hamm  stepped down. i expect we'll hear more soon. i'm surprised, too, but we don't know what's going on yet. no need to panic! :-)
oh no.
maybe this is neil youngs baby, and he wants full control.
why, and what happened to  john hamm?
i got my t-shirt and stickers today as well.
without further dets the impression of the hamm departure is left as disconcerting. the coo is an entertainment lawyer and pension fund manager but is he a music guy? neil would be the natural choice for chairman of the board, but ceo? hamm's presentation at axpona really inspired confidence - right guy at the right job. again, without further info, i'm left with questions...
i agree that john hamm stepping down is a little disconcerting. let's see where we go from here.
gang, what you think it means that john hamm has stepped down as ceo?? is this good, bad, neither?  i heard him speak and do a presentation, and he was incredible.
@dana of course the stickers were there! cute triangle stickers, 2 each. ummm, update. haven't read in it's entirety. neil's at the helm, i'm not worried. @dana t's from oregon. oh yea, oregon, a good group! have to go back and look them up. word game on now *)
nice interview with graham nash re the csny 1974 album (alerted by thrasher's wheat on facebook): http://www.digitaltrends.com/music/graham-nash-mixed-crosby-stills-nash-youngs-1974-tour-hd-bliss/#!bcykrd
yea i'm not too comfortable with this announcement. i've got enormous respect for ny, but not sure it makes sense for him to be ceo, given all his commitments and interests. i thought he preferred to be the 'hood ornament'. this smacks of internal dissension, which i hope it isn't.
wow, just got the new update neil as ceo? a very high powered coo and john hamm gone as ceo already.  that is not a good sign
i see that peri perkins rasmassen got his t-shirt, as did lisa cooper. that's two. i'm guessing they all went out.  538 happy backers. that's good news. were the stickers there?
@ian off to the neil and crazy horse gig, liverpool sunday. looking forward to that! totally jealous! lucky you and jayne! have a blast...;-)
hi everyone!! happy day! 2 pono shirts have arrived in the mailbox today, a yellow and a black. listening to csny 1974...omg! the 4 of them together better than any one of them apart. pure 192/24 blu ray heavenly harmonies. i was about to loose my faith in you neil :-) llp !
dana-understand. ive got nearly all on vinyl and cd too! hdtracks is limited, hope pono ends up with wider selection. just read on fb pono that someone got their t shirt
i'll be looking for some cocteau twins hi res, good to know there out there, in fact 4ad provided a large selection of excellent music from dead can dance to the pixies
@kinch i have a sandisk microsd reader that plugs directly into a usb port. it works like a charm, just filled up a 64 gb microsd card with it. http://i.expansys.com/i/b/b172875.jpg
@larry berg good list.....i have most on vinyl, not sure i want to buy them again.
@brian, squirrel, nuts. i see what you did there. ;-) i don't have a whole lot of cocteau twins in my collection, but i'm going to change that. really enjoyed reading about your favorites, guys. thanks.
while the posters are beginning to go out this week (update #33 july 1)........anybody got one? also, they say they will do another update in august or september....why wait so long? neil's not in a position to sign any posters right now....he must have signed some and they should be going out. t-shirts aren't signed....they're just contracted to be made by someone....
dana gibson, here's my wish list - the bands themselves didnt come through cut/paste, but i'm sure you can figure it out:  the complete faces: 1971-1973 madman across the water let it bleed - 176/24 fragile every picture tells a story days of future passed close to the edge blonde on blonde tea for the tillerman crosby, stills & nash astral weeks moondance court and spark blue john barleycorn must die love and theft in session ♫ never a dull moment pet sounds carney leon russell gasoline alley blind faith america desperado paranoid relayer tales from topographic oceans ten there and back cosmo's factory bought 'ram' by pm, haven't listened to that in a long time (original vinyl).  underrated pm album.. recognized krypto, eh?  an underrated superhero (well....superdog)
i know ill get neg comments about this but posters where due to go out in june. july 10th today yet has anyone received theirs to date?  not that ive lost sleep over this but if u say june than mean june. neil, we have met many times and u have signed for me more than once.( i won the bridge school limited edition book) but why have the posters not been shipped.love u to the moon and back but when i tell someone something i mean it.would love to get home fromwork today ( i may make it up to detriot city where people work hard an life is griddy) yes i work for ford here and find a tube on my porch..if not i will survive.
@brian. yep. scotland and ireland have produced a great many great musicians. and the diaspora of both has been massively influential.
what is amazing to me, a proud scot, is that the cocteau twins emerged from grangemouth and teenage fanclub from bellshill.  great music comes from the most unlikely places.
@seán  i was saying that if only one, then most people i know seem to plump for holv. and is a good place to start? great to hear your view though. and i like more than holv. really like this mortal coil too, especially their rendition of tim buckley's song to the siren. i only came to liz frazer late on really. were really my wife's cup of tea rather than mine. only later when i looked through her cds did i give them a go and got into them properly. did see them in their prime, just the once. ethereal experience. @brian. agreed. i think i stand well and truly corrected :o)  i downloaded blue bell knoll and the single of iceblink luck too today. the price seems really good to me. i can see the rest coming this way at that price too. @mom will give treasure another listen. is great that the cocteaus are so well known here. @kinch i have something very similar for microsd cards. you're right, is very handy indeed.
@o'b, it is funny, what were people meant to think? now the squirrel census is just nuts :-)
hahahaha! i am clearly a horribly gauche american because when they wrote emoji dick, i thought they meant an emoji ... of a dick. you know, they could have said emoji moby dick. article was probably written by another gauche american. *shrugs*
this amused me greatly, particularly the grilled chessus: http://www.theguardian.com/technology/2014/jul/08/eight-crazy-kickstarter-campaigns-that-should-never-have-succeeded
@ian, it's a brave or foolhardy man who tries to pick a best cocteau twins album.  the following is from allmusic.com, note how many albums get very similar and high ratings by the fans. for my money, treasure is hard to beat but it's a very close call with several other great albums, just like picking your favourite bob dylan, joni mitchell or neil young album.
@mom, that reminds of how we met here on pono! all the ways i want you from dart to the heart. x
@o'b bruce cockburn playing reflects my thinking. x @ian, kinch, sean, i would always plump for treasure.
ian, i like your musical taste.  i am also a big cocteau twins fan.  i disagree though that heaven or las vegas is the only album by them that you should own.  i am partial to blue bell knoll which was the first album by them that i purchased.  i think that album is quite sonically good and very cinematic feeling.  i also like the lush albums from the 90's that robin guthrie had a hand in producing.  what a guitarist!
ian, i like your musical taste.  i am also a big cocteau twins fan.  i disagree though that heaven or las vegas is the only album by them that you should own.  i am partial to blue bell knoll which was the first album by them that i purchased.  i think that album is quite sonically good and very cinematic feeling.  i also like the lush albums from the 90's that robin guthrie had a hand in producing.  what a guitarist!
i may have mentioned it before but there is a product from plugable technologies which will be for pono owner's and others (i.e. people who will be using micro sd cards) what is technically known as "a great yoke": http://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/product/b00e2utu3w/ref=oh_details_o01_s01_i01… it's a memory card reader which reads and writes micro sd cards directly, as well as to micros sd cards in an sd card adapter. price wise its £10.95. given that micro sd cards are pernickety little things, the plugable is very handy.
@kinch. all good. most people reckon that if you only have one cocteau album heaven or las vegas should be it. i think i agree with that. so a good starting point. the download flac sounds very different to the cd, that's for sure. am out walking in the woods with bella the dog and musing on the community that is forming. has always been about the ethos for me. music yes, that is what brought and brings us together. but i think it is also above and beyond "just" the music. neil's post today seems to support that. this could be a long and large journey. and a good one to be on. enjoy the gig in cork, is a lovely place. and let us know how it was in the morning.
neil and crazy horse are back in cork tonight. looking forward to a good night. @ian i've not heard the cocteau twins before, knowingly anyway. for some reason i was convinced that music stopped production in 1979:-) the price is right so i'm downloading just now from http://shopusa.4ad.com/ my ear-mould impressions went off today for the er4 moulds. and i'm now a backer of the rainforest connection. that's a good one.
pono has been very, very good to me. thanks, neil and pono.
great update, have just pledged, i have gained much from the pono community.
@brian now listened to the whole album. it'll be on repeat for a while. loving it. no idea how much is remastering and how much is to do with hi-res, sounds so much better than the cd all the same. had to change my picture... drag that four calendar cafe isn't on 4ad though. some folk reckon it was a sell out album, i think some of their best stuff is on it - bluebeard for instance.
update #34 - have just pledged. this is what community is all about as far as i am concerned. specifically this is what this community is all about. am really pleased neil is leading in this way. and i feel that this is only a beginning. there is huge power here. off to the neil and crazy horse gig, liverpool sunday. looking forward to that!
@ian, good to know - i love that album. i saw massive attack with liz fraser a few years ago and i thought they were great but horace andy stole the show for me.
well. didn't know about that. 4ad have released a lot of their albums, remastered, on 180g vinyl / flac / mp3 / cd. the vinyls come with a download code and say they have all been remastered in 24/96 from "hd masters". have just downloaded the flacs of one of my favourite albums, cocteau twins heaven or las vegas. from the usa, to the uk, no problem at all. price? $15 for the vinyl with download, $10 for just the download. is in media center and on now as i write and sounds great. been waiting for that for a long time. that's my music for the day sorted. this is starting to feel like a system alright. saw liz fraser with massive attack last year. stunning. $10 for a 24/96 flac seems like a good price to me. 4ad : http://shopusa.4ad.com and the cocteau twins https://www.youtube.com/watch…
i am really hoping (particularity after the questionnaire this week) they allow us to buy individual songs (itunes style) rather than whole albums (again)  i really don't want to buy hotel california again, when all i really want in hi res is the last resort, etc etc.  i have looked at hdtracks and they only seem to sell full albums. but as itunes contributed to the death of the industry by allowing consumers to buy what they want, i cant see them allowing it for pono.  so i expect piracy continue.  when will they learn??
the neil young le pono will contain the album "arc".
@larry berg like your krypto....just out of curiosity, what's on your wish list? it looks like some new stuff would make my list....the four led zeps, jagged little pill maybe (probably wouldn't want it if i could find enough older albums) some interesting stuff....some credence, delaney and bonnie (though it's the mono version....i have the vinyl...i'll have to double check but i think it's stereo at least)
@creator... can you give us a clue as to what albums will be included on the limited editions?  i am holding off on buying the csny 1974 just in case it is on the csny le pono.  maybe in conjunction with the ponomusic store opening you could let us know...
@mom, i knew you'd get it. :-) x
o'b, top tune, i like your thinking :-)
i've already searched through the entire catalog of hi-rez offerings at hdtracks, and created a big wish list. ive heard decent comments on them, not 100%, but a lot better than other sites, provenance-wise and upsampling-wise. bought one, but will wait further till pono up and running. any feedback on hdtracks?
dana gibson deal or no deal, dana?
yesterday, i purchased the 4 disc csny 1974 box set (3 cd's and 1 dvd). so far, i've listened to the first two cd's a couple of times and like them a lot. it cost me about $49 at barnes and noble (after the 15% discount and taxes). best buy has finally lost all my respect. they didn't have it or the single disc sampler either! i guess "physical" copies of entertainment are slowly disappearing. so...may the pono be with you!
i was listening to some early elton john on the way home from work. your song really struck me tonight. it's pretty much perfect early elton. i loved it. wouldn't mind hearing that on my pono at all.
has anyone received thier $100 pledge for the signed poster yet?
last night i took home my pink floyd division bell 5.1 disc.  sonically it is probably the most beautiful recording i have ever heard. i then switched over to the 96/24 hi res mix.  it sounded flat. so i wont be putting it on the pono.
@ian  sounds promising!
@kyle meanwhile been getting to grips with iriver media center whilst working at the computer for the past few days. has settled down now and liking it more and more. once the library is loaded in it runs like lightning. seems to have problems buffering sometimes but am playing with the configuration. does more or less everything i want though. all the good bits of itunes, none of the bad bits and lots more besides.
@ian yes, the man with the sennheisers.  :-)
@kyle. the man with the sennheisers?  will be good to read a review of the actual production player, even if from the first sample batch. and from someone who can compare it with what is already out there. hopefully it will be positive and encourage other publications to review it. once pono can start publishing such reviews then things should really ramp up. bring it on...
@ian to that first bit you say there (trusted reviewer). a full review of the player will drop soon in the september issue of sound and vision magazine, an article by mike mettler (whom we've inquired about before on this comment section). the september issue has gone to press and should hit newsstands/online soon.
@doug @dana @ siltech a trusted reviewer, or several of them, is the way i have tended to go over past few years. especially with portables, small systems and the like, and has worked well. high end stuff very different though. take it home for a week before deciding. pono seems like a safe bet sonically to me, but then all of us here are, almost by definition, early adopters, otherwise we would not be here. so we will take the gamble after weighing the odds. others will want cast iron proof before they buy. measurements don't do it for me, never did. what it sounds like is all that matters and what it sounds like to and for me is what matters most to me. and on that, for pono, we will have to wait and hear. can't imagine we are going to be disappointed though.
siltech, i agree with failures due to lack of audition. my last purchase worked out fine unheard. love the oppo 105. absolutely love it.
@siltech what's the deal?
@doug adams so true. i'm not use to buying a product, without listening first, or blind. most times when you do this, it doesn't pan out, as most of us no. anyway, we funded the project, and my subjective faith is there. may the sonic bliss blow our minds to utopia. long live pono.
@siltech, agree with  you. the whole idea of pono is musical enjoyment.  it may differ a little from home audio. with home there is almost an infinite number of choices and combinations to audition. look at all the cd player, preamp, and amp choices. with highend portables how many choices do you have? maybe 10. the only place the number of choices might compare is loudspeakers vs headphones. i have faith in pono, neil young, and ayre.
@o'boogie i hope my pono satisfies me, as much as my stereo, in sound. i think part of a audiophile is striving for perfection, and or great sound. if i'm not satisfied, then i'll move on. i'm taking about my pono still. @dana still..........eat a big bug....
@mom, i'm obsessed with marty balin's voice. today i was listening to with your love and count on me. great songs, one of the underrated voices in rock. it's like you are reading my mind? x
@o'b, marty balin might appeal to you as much as he does to me. x
@mom, that's such a great track. now it's going through my head. and that's not a bad thing. so thanks for that. x
nilsson's without you getting airplay in my head right now.  badfinger's  great contribution to humanity.
no shirt or poster here. sadly the poster was supposed to be a birthday gift for my uncle. his birthday passed this week. hope it comes soon
want to hear a fantastic album, one that will make your pono sing? get yourself cantando by the bobo stenson trio. absolutely magical stuff.
@siltech, that made me laugh. i have no idea why, but it did. ;-)
@dana eat a big bug
@dana eventho i did not order t-shirt or poster i do agree if anyone has received anything they should tell us
the survey said something about posters in the fall......hmmmmmmm...i said it was too many posters to sign
okay....so that's another step....though not one on the timeline.........anybody got a poster or t-shirt yet? it doesn't seem like anyone who pledged for those items pay attention to these comments...... but if you do.....let's hear it!!!
survey....all of the above....though not all as strongly....and perhaps not some...but maybe.
survey...check!
@brian, watched the whole thing. loved every single song. love in mind and dance dance dance were great at the end, too. thanks again. x
just completed the new pono music survey i received.
@brian, watching/listening to it now while i work. thank you!
@o'b, that clip was great.  this bbc concert of neil is worth a look, great stuff! http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@ian yeah........it seems kind of like when the horizontal and the vertical are being controlled........the new picture may be there soon....either that or there's just some glitches with their server
ok. i really am not a huge fan of jimmy fallon (and his neil young impression isn't so great), but this was pretty amusing: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
oops - is back again...
pono site - all i get is a black screen. site under (re) construction?
the desert island discs urls i posted for rogers' and gilmour's programmes let you hear their own life stories and their views on the floyd break up, and in the case of rogers, the reunion. gilmour's from 2003, rogers' from 2011. they come out of it very differently and not as i imagined they would at all. i thought there was some great music amongst their choices, that always gives you an insight into anyone - what music they choose. both chose neil young in their mix...
i'm a bit hungry now ...  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/324283889/potato-salad/… bet it will taste pono ;)
did you guys see matthew sweet has a kickstarter for his new album? https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/570414535/matthew-sweet-new-studio-album-and-3d-art-project…
pink floyd without roger waters was a farce. after syd crossed over that thin membrane into full bore paranoia, roger carried the torch and thank the god of your choice he did. he is an artist with vision.....and they can be arseholes at times. then the others smelled the sweet stench of money and cobbled together a tribute of sorts. in defense of roger
@dana gibson, hope you are right about the pono music site. excited to see pono shift into high gear. go pono. i kept waiting to see what le pono players would be available. waited too long, so my yellow player will be in the decemer batch. gotta find away to pass the time. pink floyd fans, i am still listening to brit floyd. more amazed than ever at how much they sound like the original band. wonder if they will ever try their hand at new material?
o'boogie, i'm with you on the whole cursing thing. i have a sailor's mouth (spent 6 years in the u.s. navy during the late 1980's and early 1990's). i just have to watch it while at work, since i work with children and all. to give you a clue, my all time favorite movie is reservoir dogs, and i grew up listening to my dad's george carlin and richard pryor records and 8-tracks. i could recite the "seven words you can never say on television" to the boys in the restrooms in 7th grade (just as fast if not faster than george said them). also, i used to live in western kentucky (about 100 miles west of where i currently live in central kentucky, and would hit up either evansville, indiana or nashville, tennessee for concerts. (i preferred municipal auditorium over robert's stadium.) that 1994 pink floyd show at vanderbilt stadium was one of the biggest i have ever attended. the only one bigger was the who in jack murphy stadium (where the san diego chargers play) back in 1989. that was a really big show!
@john, totally unrelated, but i went to grad school at vanderbilt. i could hear gigs at vanderbilt stadium from my campus apartment. :-)
since pink floyd seems to be the topic of interest for the moment, i thought i would chime in with my two cents worth... i love all things pink floyd! as i posted about a week ago, i haven't seen the full band perform live, but i have seen all members of the band perform "pink floyd music" on several occasions: pink floyd – vanderbilt stadium – nashville – 5/8/1994 pink floyd – hoosier dome – indianapolis – 6/14/1994 roger waters – schottenstein arena – columbus – 8/15/1999 roger waters – amsouth amphitheatre – nashville – 6/6/2000 roger waters – riverbend music center – cincinnati – 7/9/2000 roger waters – verizon wireless amphitheatre – indianapolis – 9/30/2006 roger waters – bridgestone arena – nashville – 6/19/2012 i love all the members (bad attitudes and all), and own almost everything of theirs possible to own. i don't really worry too much about their politics or their prejudices (although i too have a deep mistrust of people in positions of power and authority...they tend to abuse those positions and in turn the people they are in power and authority over). during my almost 48 years on this earth, i have been comforted by their music in one form or another for about 38 of them. long live pink floyd! and long live pono!
@dana, i love it! very positive. :-d
since there has been no change in the site in quite a while....i'll take it as a sign things are starting to pop......how's that for positivity?
@dana, i can't tell much difference. same content, although the background does look different.
interesting..... a different background comes up in chrome.....am i imagining the background has changed?
p.s. @kinch, i really didn't mean to offend you. i enjoy swearing. it adds color to our language. as stephen fry says, "the sort of twee person who thinks swearing is in any way a sign of a lack of education or a lack of verbal interest is just a fucking lunatic." :-)
@kinch, i'm sorry you feel that way. by the way, did you find asshole or jackass most offensive? i guess i'm just a crude and loud american, because i call a spade a spade. #stereotypesarefun also, @bob, i have no idea who you are, but thanks for sharing your random and rude response. @kinch and i get along fine, so you'll just have to take your asshattery elsewhere. so long now!
@kinch you have to consider the source @manofmystery maybe the waters issue  is his view about the neil young concert in israel
nothing new yet except the picture....
home page has changed at ponomusic.com.......awaaaaaaaay we go
@o'boogie, you are as you say absolutely perfectly entitled to say that you believe roger waters to be an unpleasant kind of guy. using the anal reference to describe him is, to my european sensibility, demeaning and distasteful.
@eduard, this may explain some of the thoughts expressed here about waters: http://www.actwin.com/toaph/floyd/indulgence.html @o'b, bet you did a great version in hs :-)
@eduard, maybe you should watch the youtube videos of the other pink floyd members and see what they thought of the guy and his behaviour.  i doubt he did anything other than demotivate the other members of pf.  some artists are not nice human beings, i liked pf until waters thought he was pf, after that the quality of the music suffered in my view.
and that's fine. i just said i enjoyed a lot of earlier pf. but i don't like roger waters. i am perfectly within my rights to say so. and you absolutely don't have to agree.
to call him a jackass tho is not the same as saying he is not pf, ofcourse he is not pf, he is roger waters, the guy he wrote, composed and motivated the other member of the group. i do not know what he thinks but i am inspired by his lyrics to this day
(also, it is well known that he's an asshole. his reputation precedes him.)
@eduard, i guess that's a matter of opinion. i liked pf when david was in the band. roger waters isn't pink floyd, no matter what he thinks. sorry.
@ob "@mom, yeah, waters is a jackass. no question. it's a shame, really."  i have enjoyed (and still do) pink floyd as a band and the lyrics of roger waters (also his "solo" albums) and to read people think he is an jackass (without knowing the guy) really turns me off. it is about the music, mozart abused his wife, sinatra was a mafia supported singer, so what, it is the music, music music stupid! .
@mom, i used to play that with my little folky duo in hs. it's one of the few songs i still play when i pick up a guitar. john lennon and i share a similar vocal range.  hahaha.
i just picked up one of these nifty microsd card holders which others on here might find useful: http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_ss_i_2_8…
favourite beatles track today, you've got to hide your love away.
reminder:  live csny '74 box drops tomorrow!!!
anyone here use liztic?
@!sean f., i really like the dream academy records. nick laird-clowes is so talented. now i have to go track them down and have a listen!
all this talk about david gilmour makes me think of....the dream academy albums that he either played on or helped produce.  love those records.  the lead singer (writer) nick laird clowes co-wrote two or three songs on the division bell as well.  an interesting intertwining, as i think that the division bell has some "dream academy" quality to it.  funny how gilmour shows up on some of my fave records (bryan ferry's "is your love strong enough" and kate bush's hounds of love record) but am not such a floyd fan.
no idea if these are of interest, but dave gilmour did desert island discs too.i think iplayer works fine outside the uk, for radio anyway. did has been going for over 70 years and has had hundreds of big names on it. anyhow, here's the url for gilmour's, from 2003 http://www.bbc.co.uk/radio4/features/desert-island-discs/castaway/27f0d4b5#p00937ls
but then waters' first choice on his desert island was neil young... http://www.bbc.co.uk/radio4/features/desert-island-discs/castaway/f6a56410
@wc et al... waters and the floyd eh? i was close up at the last gig. the rest of the band were humble but not waters, he was embarrassing. he always thought he owned it all and that the floyd could not be without him. not so it seems. he was on desert island discs on the bbc. was interesting... you can still hear it on bbc iplayer i think? john martyn a different kettle of fish though. big contradiction between the bruiser boozer and gentle folkie. years and years ago my wife and i went to see him, when he was a willowy waif. after the gig we literally bumped into him on the street. my wife was 4'11", he was well over 6' and almost knocked her off her feet, which she didn't mind at all. he was polite and gentle. danny thompson's stories of the fights and arguments are legendary. like when jm took out a group of hard men in a restaurant who were racially abusing the waiter. not to be messed with....
@wc, waters has an ego level higher than the moon and great disrespect for his fellow band members.  he is a most unlikely candidate for humanitarian of the year.
@o'boogie, mom, what's up with the waters thing?
@mom, yeah, waters is a jackass. no question. it's a shame, really. i choose to ignore the fact that john martyn is a jerk because of that very same track. it's my very favorite. i just pretend i don't know he's an asshole.
@o'b, auto correct is so irritating, nearly as bad as writing in caps! i know it's not right to mark artists down because of their personality but when i heard roger waters talk, my respect for all waters-inspired floyd went down the pan. now i should feel the same way about john martyn but his track, couldn't love you more just gets in the way of that logic!
quit screaming, @mom! haha! my thoughts exactly. ;-)
hot not hot,'doh!
why is there such excitement about a possible new pink floyd release.  they lost me when my head hot the wall!
thoughts are with you billy & family :)
one of these days, i'm gonna sit down and write a long letter to all the good friends i've known and i'm gonna try and thank them all for the good times together. though so apart we've grown. one of these days, i'm gonna sit down and write a long tweet to all the good friends i've known one of these days, one of these days, one of these days, and it won't be long, it won't be long. and i'm gonna thank, that old country fiddler and all those rough boys who play that rock 'n' roll i never tried to burn any bridges though i know i let some good things go. one of these days, i'm gonna sit down and write a long text message to all the good friends i've known one of these days, one of these days, one of these days, and it won't be long, it won't be long. from down in l.a. all the way to nashville, from new york city to my canadian prairie home my friends are scattered like leaves from an old maple. some are weak, some are strong. one of these days, i'm gonna sit down and write a long email. to all the good friends i've known one of these days, one of these days, one of these days, and it won't be long, it won't be long. one of these days, one of these days, one of these days, and it won't be long, it won't be long.
transformer man, transformer man you run the show remote control direct the action with the push of a button you're a pono man/woman power in your hand transformer person.  transformer person. transformer man, transformer man sooner or later you'll have to see the cause and effect so many things still left to do but we haven't made it yet every morning when i look in your eyes i feel electrified by you. oh yes. transformer man, transformer man transformer man still in command you're eyes are shining on a beam through the galaxy of love transformer man, transformer man unlock the secrets let us throw off the chains that hold you down. transformer man, transformer man sooner or later you'll have to learn the cause and effect so many things still left to do but we haven't made it yet every morning when i look in your eyes i feel electrified by you. oh yes. transformer pono transformer pono, transformer pono
sample and hold hair: blonde eyes: blue weight: 110 disposition: even mood code: rotary adjustable i need a unit to sample and hold but not the angry one a new design, new design. i need a unit to sample and hold but not the lonely one a new design, new design. i need a unit to sample and hold but not the lonely one a new design, new design. sample and hold. we'll send it out right away satisfaction guaranteed. please specify the color of skin and eye we know you'll be happy. don't hesitate to give us a call we know you'll be satisfied when you energize and see your unit come alive we know you'll be happy. i need a unit to sample and hold but not the lonely one, the lonely one, the lonely one sample and hold. weight: 110. perfection in every details fabricated from the curl of the hair to the tip of the nail because our units never fail we know you'll be happy. i need a unit to sample and hold. don't hesitate to give us a call we know you'll be satisfied when you energize and see your unit come alive we know you'll be happy. i need a unit to sample and hold. we know you'll be happy 110 we know you'll be happy we know you'll be happy. but not the lonely one a new design, new design perfection in every detail, new design sample and hold.
wow! never thought i would see a new pink floyd studio album. don't know if october can handle this and the pono music player release. what a music month. a story about the new pink floyd album mentoned that david gilmour is also working on a solo release. david crosby and graham nash will appear on it. can't wait. roger waters is also working on a solo album. when we get an album every 10-20 years, so many album announcements over load us. what a year for music. if they are still on the sony label, bet sony is excited. these all need to be available in hi res.
@joe yes it is true. yesterday morning david gilmour's wife polly samson posted it on twitter this message: "btw pink floyd album out in october is called "the endless river". based on 1994 sessions is rick wright's swansong and very beautiful." i think david gilmour got a laugh on us as her followers skyrocketed, as if a new floyd album was mild news. also i tend to believe her as why would you joke about such a thing after mentioning rick's passing. here's a link to her feed to see it yourself. https://twitter.com/pollysamson
@joe, haha. just kidding around. i think i am loopy because i have to go back to work tomorrow after a four-day weekend. blah.
@ob no clue i just did a cut and paste. but yes my exe wife used to do the same thing.....i could ignore that too lol
@joe, was she screaming when she said it? it always makes laugh when people type in all caps.
hope this is true, article said it will be released in october; yep. twenty years after pink floyd’s last studio album, the division bell, it seems the band is coming out with the endless river. pink floyd’s longtime back-up singer, durga mcbroom-hudson, confirmed the news in a facebook post: “yes. there is a new pink floyd album coming out. and i’m on it.”
hope everyone had a wonderful weekend! 3-4 more months till pono delivery. yahooo! :))
@brian @siltech @o'b.  oppo already well known in the uk for their universal player. they seemed to appear fully formed and out of nowhere. took a bit of digging to find out their ownership and hence development and manufacturing capability. a brand to watch for sure.
@brian and o'boogie oppo with there many, many audiophile awards, speaks for itself. very well said.
the, not at the. also sucky? iphone autocorrect.
@brian, at he oppo find 7 looks excellent. if work didn't provide me with an iphone, i'd get one. my iphone's battery life is dreadful. and i'm always running out of space on it. it really sucks. big.
@ian, oppo has been winning awards for universal players for years.  as a brand is it less well known in the uk than the us, but the awards speak for themselves. https://www.oppodigital.com/blu-ray-bdp-105/blu-ray-bdp-105-review.aspx loads of great universal players are largely based on the same components as the oppo players, the cambridge audio azur 752bd being one of two that i own. i just picked up their find 7 mobile phone which has great specs for any price but is cheaper than the competition.  they tend to sell the phone direct so are often excluded from comparative reviews in the uk.  i chose it because it has a replaceable battery and a microsd slot (unlike the lg and htc equivalents) - i will shortly have a few microsd cards full of flac files ahead of october!
ian cool
@siltech. oppo kit seems really good. relatively new company in the west, not many products, but each seems close to the top of the tree. headphone amp a lot more expensive that the sprout, but a very different feature set and a beautiful bit of kit. one thing which seems curious is that it supports up to 32/384 input (and dsd), but the output is only specified to 20 - 20khz. i would have thought it would go much higher than that and that they would make a point of it? headphones look very tasty too, i imagine they are a brilliant combination. the piggy bank is under threat... was not sure who oppo is/are until recently. or that it is pronounced 'oh-poh'. chinese giant bkk, apparently, who allegedly make 80% of the world's dvd players (really?). wonder what would happen if they made a dap. seems that is where they started with mp3 players, then phones...
@doug and ian thanks for the mention of the talk talk dvd-a discs, as i had completely missed those.  both are now on order!
i may cancel my ps audio sprout, kickstarter amp- headphone amp pledge. if i do, i may buy the oppo headphone amp. the oppo does almost everything.
also, check out the oppo pm-1 planar magnetic headphones, awesome.
there is a review of the oppo ha-1 here: http://www.computeraudiophile.com/content/589-oppo-ha-1-headphone-amp-dac-review/
@siltech, i'm going to look into that. thanks for sharing!
@siltech i wish i knew...they sure make awesome blu-ray players.
what do you think of the oppo ha-1 pure class a, 15lb headphone amp?
now the streamer apps have recognised iriver. but not all the time. still it did actually work so that is great. playlists and all. just need to figure out why it isn't consistent.
jriver - now have the full version. and it does not do ripping on the mac at all. think someone said this a while ago, so not news. playlists are ok, seem to be limited to there entries only on the trial version - but the full version crashed a few times whilst trying to make playlists. and even though the mac is visible across the ethernet/wifi and itunes playlists appear just fine on the apps for the streamers, the playlists in jriver don't, at all.  might sound like a small thing, but if you have a streamer, the only way to do a playlist is either in the streamer or in an app on a smartphone or tablet. if you can use the ones on the computer and have them appear anywhere, is much easier. jriver need to tackle this if they are to compete fully with itunes. maybe the pc version is better in these regards?
just listened to side one of the vinyl - the reissue, not the original. it sounds great, but i reckon the sacd flac sounds better. can't find the dvd at the moment - wasn't in with the album, it'll turn up. stunning album though. the thread i posted before also had this in it about tt and soe/ls... http://users.cybercity.dk/~bcc11425/intwwpb1198.html
wonder if there has ever been a kickstarter campaign to remaster albums in hi res? should be possible. they made a laura mars movie.
sorry for the multiple posts. @ian, bummer. maybe they will remix this some day from the real analog tape. a lot of work to remix the whole album from scratch. they still say the lp souds better than the same digital files on cd.
@sean f, just found out talk talk spirit of eden was re released in 2012 on 180g lp. the lp also includes a 24/96 dvd-a disc. music direct shows it in stock. wish i had known this a week ago- before ordering the darn cd! not many albums have been done in sacd and dvd-a. wow. if the sacd was not so expensive it would be fun to compare.
@doug that is the version i have. sacd no longer available and v expensive secondhand. discogs has the vinyl/dvd for $25 or so. original vinyl reckoned to sound best i believe. again, discogs seems to have some, but they are suspiciously cheap, so i doubt they are the originals. and given that it was mastered either at 16/44.1 or 16/48, the only benefit of the sacd and dvd is the remastering.
@sean f, just found out talk talk spirit of eden was re released in 2012 on 180g lp. the lp also includes a 24/96 dvd-a disc. music direct shows it in stock. wish i had known this a week ago- before ordering the darn cd! not many albums have been done in sacd and dvd-a. wow. if the sacd was not so expensive it would be fun to compare.
@sean f, just found out talk talk spirit of eden was re released in 2012 on 180g lp. the lp also includes a 24/96 dvd-a disc. music direct shows it in stock. wish i had known this a week ago- before ordering the darn cd! not many albums have been done in sacd and dvd-a. wow. if the sacd was not so expensive it would be fun to compare.
whoops.
jim, dave alvin is amazing.  have seen him a few times on his own and once with x.  he's got a new record with his brother phil (covers, i believe) but have yet to hear it, but will soon enough. i didn't "get" the blasters when i was young... but i do now.
jim, dave alvin is amazing.  have seen him a few times on his own and once with x.  he's got a new record with his brother phil (covers, i believe) but have yet to hear it, but will soon enough. i didn't "get" the blasters when i was young... but i do now.
jim, dave alvin is amazing.  have seen him a few times on his own and once with x.  he's got a new record with his brother phil (covers, i believe) but have yet to hear it, but will soon enough. i didn't "get" the blasters when i was young... but i do now.
jim, dave alvin is amazing.  have seen him a few times on his own and once with x.  he's got a new record with his brother phil (covers, i believe) but have yet to hear it, but will soon enough. i didn't "get" the blasters when i was young... but i do now.
ian, interesting stuff about that talk talk record, spirit of eden. that record is one of my all time favorites and blew me away when it first came out.  colour of spring is also a very good album, and really got me with "life's what you make it".  great to see that someone here knows what i'm talking about. too bad about that recording not being hi-res.  maybe, since it has gained steam (much to my surprise) in the past years, someone might be willing to go back to the analog tapes and remaster...recreate this masterpiece.  we can hope...
hey sean f.   4th of july is one of my long time favorite songs i never tire of.   i've been listening to dave alvin (who wrote the song) since his days with the blasters and never knew that he played with x.  here he is doing it with the guilty women.  i love the way he sounds so weary when he sings it.      http://m.youtube.com/watch…
@seán   a further read confirms that the original was not recorded in hi res it seems. ah well..
@seán   found this about spirit of eden. the vinyl i have is not an original. i wonder if pono would be able to get access to the original masters? that would be good... http://www.sa-cd.net/showthread/84629/y
@seán   have now got my library up on jriver on the mac. is impressive, have not explored all of its capabilities yet. it seems to handle  whole load of file types and conversions between  them. do we have a jriver expert in this section? i'm certainly not, just starting to explore. it took over 8 hours to import the library, then crashed as soon as i tried to use it. a reload and it seems stable and runs very quickly, so far with no problems. and i like what i see. spirit of eden - i need to check, but i think it was recorded at 16/44.1 so even the sacd will only be at that res. i have a flac rip of the sacd, remastered vinyl and cd versions (original cd and the one that comes with the vinyl). brilliant album. how they morphed from a duran duranalike into that band stumped me at the time and did when i first heard it.
@andrew  nice bit of proof reading there...
hey peter, my wife and have sung that x song, 4th of july, every year for many years now.  this year included singing it to my baby girl, which was rather special.
@peter rustin, this is a better holiday song! freedom of the body  freedom of the mind  a ho on south street hired for tricks  little girls pickin' up sticks  freedom of '76 wastee little weasel  wants cheap tricks  liberty bell cracked in half  a bacon steak  a perfect match  freedom of '76 my girl sasha  lookin' good on the street  "mannequin" was filmed at woolworth's  boyz ii men still keepin' up the beat, yeah  freedom of '76 fairmount park in the summer  lookin' good on the street  "mannequin" was filmed at woolworth's  boyz ii men still keepin' up the beat, yeah  freedom of '76, nah yeah, yeah  yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ohh, baby, yeah yeah, yeah by ween!
ian, i don't know how to rip a sacd file.  i'm just trying to deal with some sacd iso's that i have.  talk talk - spirit of eden is all that i care about getting to play on my pono! ;)
with all this talk about the jriver media center...is the pono app going to be a full functioning version?  will we be able to convert media to our hearts content or will it just be an app for shuffling around our files?  itunes allows for creating different types of files and since pono is dealing with hi-res...will it be able to handle sacd files, dvd-a files, or blu-ray audio?   wondering... i only have a trial version of jriver and it's pretty cool, but won't plunk down the cash for it, if we get that stuff for free.
@andrew i also noticed the same in #33 no negative feedback in krell
andrew donald, you are correct. the player does not use negative feedback just like the ayre products.
in reading the latest update (#33), i noticed a contradiction. :) charles hansen speaks about negative feedback and how it is not desired for optimum performance, and that no ayre product ever made has ever used negative feedback. yet the introduction starts by saying, "charles hansen will be offering some of his comments in these updates to help explain more about the player’s technology. this month he discusses negative feedback, something unique to a portable device and something being used in our player." the assumption, of course, is that this was a mistake and what was meant to be written was that the player will not be using negative feedback.
happy holiday! here's the might x with the song of the day: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
enjoying a leisurely lunch and listening to the avett brothers. hope you are enjoying your friday, guys. llp!
some t's & p's have been shipped, some are shipping and the remainder will be shipped.  mine will happen when it happens and then i'll be happy.  in the meantime listen to shirley collins and back the burning bridges ballad kickstarter campaign.  go-on!  you need good folk in your life.
april reward missed, june reward missed hope they don't miss october reward can't wait i stopped listening to all other music so it don't mess up my ears
@tmh @paul  one more question - jriver seems to support upnp and playlists. hmmm... would that mean that i could access it from the streamer(s) i use? the playlist function on them is pants.
@tmh @paul  i have the trial version. have it loading it stuff from the nas right now. is s..l....o.....w..... will see how it streams some of the more exotic file formats later (i have a few hdcd, dsd files as well as hi rex flacs and the like. $50 or thereabouts for full version. not sure whether to go for it or not. i currently use audirvana on the mac - works well enough.
@tmh @paul  i downloaded the mac version to try it out month or so ago. need to check it out, but as i recall it has limited functionality in ripping c.f. the windows version. will go and have another look. later today. thanks, i
@tmh there is a mac version, as paul says in the post below this one
@ian @ tmh there is a version of jriver media centre for mac os x - you can download it from the jriver site http://www.jriver.com/download.html or from the mac 19 board http://yabb.jriver.com/interact/index.php… i haven't used it so can not comment on it's sacd ripping capability.
eduard the problem with jriver is it is windows only, i cant find anything for mac to rip my sacds @ian if you download the free trial version of jriver you can't rip sacd but with the paid version (around $50) that i have you can. the ripping of disks on ps# is for bluray i think.
hot dammy.
can't wait for october. hot damn! :-)
roll on october!
@ian if you download the free trial version of jriver you can't rip sacd but with the paid version (around $50)  that i have you can. the ripping of disks on ps# is for bluray i think.
@seán  @eduard.  help!! i have some sacds and no way to rip them to flac. i thought the only way was with a playstation with a specific firmware level. am all at sea with this, not even a novice. grateful for any and all input. the á happens automatically btw seán . there it goes again....
thanks eduard, i'll check it out.
@sean f if you have selected files to convert, choose options, then dsp settings and in the next window, you can change the output
etymotic 4r-4pt referenz in-ear earphones have arrived. burn-in time. started with cat stevens, now on kate and anna mcgarrigle. kate and anna's harmonies are always a joy to listen to.
anyone use jriver media center to turn their sacd iso's to flac?  i can do it but i don't know how to change the khz to 88.1.  it's default is 300 and something khz.  any help?
bob weir and neil article http://www.cepro.com/article/neil_young_bob_weir_leading_high-quality_music_push/
oh that's funny! you recognized the album artwork?
i saw a few ponos in the test fridge playing herbie hancock's headhunters. fingers crossed that's the artist's choice hi-rez album going on my l.e.!!!
@kyle, dlna works for me using .flac.  most of the other alternatives reduce audio quality.  kleer would be good if it was used by more manufacturers. the airplay quote is a gem :)
so if an audiophile is to commit to streaming audio... the choice would be kleer, yes? (see what i did there?)
wow, very informative, to me at least.  i'd imagine that elusive barrier that is trying to be broken (with bob weir & co., and whoever else in the industry) is the step above aptx... where the kind of quality that most hi-fi buffs crave is accessible through wireless transmission. airplay: 'the ultimate in laziness.'  lol  meanwhile, you lose so much (as i am understanding it).
@kyle ...thanks for clarifying that because i was thinking the same way as o'boogie. we knew what they meant but i could see how others could misconstrue what was said. :)
@kyle, this article gives a fairly good summary of current methods of streaming music. http://hometheaterreview.com/bluetooth-airplay-dlna-whats-the-best-streaming-format-today/
the term 'stream' has evolved with technology and become too vague imo.  as it stands now, it represents two complete different vehicles of listening to music, and across a variety of different platforms (bluetooth, apple's airplay and appletv, etc etc). bob weir has started a musicians for audio quality initiative for streaming audio specifically,with rdio, iirc.  i need to research that more myself, not sure if means just internet streaming or both. anyway, i can see how that came across as confusing.  i didn't catch it at first but it definitely doesn't represent what the player will do when looking at the literal definition(s) of the term.  still awaiting mike mettler's actual product review after listening to the ponoplayer.
right, @eduard. i read that, but i just read it like they meant playback when they said stream. thank you!
@o'boogie this is the quote from the article we are referring to/ clarifying: " pono will stream music in 24-bit, 192-khz sound, which is far cleaner than mp3s and even better than cds."
i thought that was pretty clear in the article. there has never been mention of streaming. they aren't going to completely change the thing.
as part of our response to update #33, we contacted pono about the use of the word ‘stream’ in the cnn article mentioned in update #33 and the subject of update #32. we expressed our understanding of the word and our view that an inaccurate impression of the capabilities of the pono player could result. this was discussed in this comments section at the time of update #32. pono have asked us to clarify the meaning here, on their behalf. this is our understanding, agreed with pono: the cnn article says “pono will stream music in 24-bit, 192-khz sound”. this could be interpreted to mean that pono will be a digital streaming device with a digital input to convert a digital file, up to 24/192, from a computer or other source, a nas drive for instance, into a high quality analogue signal for use as input into a hifi system or headphones. this is not the case. pono is a ‘store and play’ device and there are currently no plans to add any digital input or streaming functionality. the other use of the word ‘stream’ can be when files, hi res or otherwise, are streamed from a service, across the net and then via wifi or ethernet in the home. again, this capability is not part of the pono specification, nor are there any such plans for pono at the moment. hope this helps folks.
re my former post: i love listening to music esp hi-res on my ibasso dx90, and am very much looking forward to doing the same on my csny ponoplayer!
@o'boogie, you're very welcome. lots of good reading there. here's something very interesting. we're into pono because we like/believe among other things the notion that we will hear and feel more from high-res music, right ? have a look at this survey, conducted amongst the members of forums.slimdevices.com. http://archimago.blogspot.ie/2014/06/24-bit-vs-16-bit-audio-test-part-ii.html the slimdevices discussion on the test results is here: http://forums.slimdevices.com/showthread.php…
@kinch, thanks for listing those forums. very cool.
@kinch  excellent stuff, thanks. am familiar with 2 and 3. all helpful input to the new forum methinks.
no doubt many backers here have their own favourite forums in which they get information about their individual interests. the followingi've found to be excellent, both as sources of information and discussion and as well run forums. three are to do with audio, one with sailing: http://forums.slimdevices.com/ http://www.head-fi.org/f/15/portable-source-gear http://www.avforums.com/forums/ http://www.ybw.com/forums/index.php
@jim beauty! hehe, thanks for the link...i had a good laugh. that stuff never gets old. :))
@peter thanks for that. my error.
@ian no, these are blu-rays, not sacds.
what a recording engineer does... ;o) https://www.facebook.com/photo.php…
@doug think there may have been a 'best of', but that is all i can recall. was great to see a full update i agree. especially the listening review.
don't think neal young has ever released anything in sacd. all i have ever seen is pcm, either 16/44 redbook or higher resolution.  if there has been sacd, please let me know. thanks.  still soaking in that great pono 33 update. the music world is about to change.
@tjc thanks for the clarification.
hey christmachine,   i don't take offence por nada.   life is too short.   thanks for the nod and your shout out to bob and doug.    check out these hosers.         http://youtu.be/gsgvspgy184
that's 24/192 duuuhhh..
@peter i am v interested in what you just said there... are you ripping sacds to 24/292? taking the hi res sound track? am not very familiar with ripping sacds - i have some files that have been ripped for me but that always seems to entail the use of a ps3. is there a way of doing it with your blu ray drive?
got a samsung bluray drive for my macbook and am really enjoying ripping my neil young archives into 192/24 files �. waiting for october !!
thanks for the info christmachine, gonna dvr it tonight. :)
tjc 1 day ago it's a shame they check the site everyday yet can't leave a word yet take time to reply to @wc i call that bs just saying @tjc, bs eh?
it's a repeat xd
jimmy page is on jimmy fallon as the second guest soon. barry gibb is performing. just realized it. tune in if you can
@creator you must have the specs of the pono music player, by now. can you please " post them "
@jim got thanks
hey jim hope you did not tale offense to my post. i was joking as well. big mckenzie bros. fan here. h
sorry, that last post was for mad max.
tjc,   when you get back from your balloon ride, check out this homage to little rock.http://youtu.be/6ymfv3yrpo0
enough pono for now going for ballon trip over river west of little rock maybe poster will be in mail when i get home
have had a lot of electronics get pretty wet. like the recent iphone that fell in a pool luckily it didn't short out. i've found the key is to shut it off then wash it out with clean water it's usually not the water that does the damage it's the dirt and bad water like coffee salt or soda that is a high or low ph that tend to screw up circuit board. so after you wash it out real good try to dry it as best you can you won't get it all the way dry then stick it in a big bag of rice for a day or so the rice sucks up the water and usually good to go. if it has motors like hard drive out fan you may not be so lucky the only thing this hasn't worked on for me has been the ones that you see sparks fly when it gets wet they are usually toast. disclaimer do this at your own risk it worked for me and i have a degree in electronics it's 40 years old but some things have not changed
@o'boogie  never meant anything offensive to you my comments were to @dana gibson and you took offense. my dog did get hit by a schoolbus when i was about six years old. it was lying in the road and i had to drag it home and bury it. i regard most dogs to a higher standard than people. hope you enjoy your pono when it arrives my comment to dana was after he commented to this remark you made. o'boogie on june 18 oh, good. tjc is back to moan. excellent. tops off a perfectly crap day.
just got a pair of rbh ep2s, in anticipation. any experience out there with these? considering momentums as regular cans, but i recall pono promising some tests/comments on the pono with various headphones, so may wait on that.
@jim...good day eh! fire up the coleman and get some back bacon and some jelly doughnuts. nice tuke...grab some cold ones. :)
well, i'll take a crack: 1) return it, perhaps, to pono. how do you get an i-device 'repaired'?  2) as an ee, they have used conformal coating on pcbs for a long long time. very protective. i doubt any effect, it would have to change the impedance. a worry at very high frequencies, but probably not at audio frequencies.
seeing the drop tested and baked ponos brings up a question. if a pono music player needs repair, who repairs it? @ o'boogie, doubt i would ever lose my yellow pono music player. yellow won't keep me from dropping  it though. don't know if ayre reads this forum but would love to know if they have looked into the liqui-pel process. company puts your electronics in a chamber and infuses it with chemicals. the electronics then emerges waterproof! wonder if it affects the sound quality of discrete components?
happy canada day all you hosers.  (meant with all due respect possible)
@creator, wonderful update. i have total confidence in pono. sure there will be a few delays, and obstacles. changing the world's quality expectations for reproduced music was never going to be easy. good job pono.
@creator, wonderful update. i have total confidence in pono. sure there will be a few delays, and obstacles. changing the world's quality expectations for reproduced music was never going to be easy. good job pono.
i can't believe there isn't more discussion (cheers) for update #33. pretty much all the issues were addressed. mid july is going to be exciting. it also appears that things are moving along well with the player. october is three months away.....woohoo.
@creator update #33...awesome! thank you.
pink floyd division bell in 96/24 is now available o nhdtracks (which seems to contradict the advice i received that pink floyd stuff would only be available on acoustic sounds) haven't bought it, waiting on the box set
@peter rustin  thank you for the update   make mkv (free so far) and dvd audio extractor seem to be the way to go, i will try them out this weekend
@all led zeppelin best pressings releases catalog is up, hope you like it! also it's great to hear all the pink floyd chatter here/ @lisa thanks for the info on the led zeppelin deluxe remasters in hi-res recently released. even thought they are digital transfers, they still are pretty good. @john thanks for introducing me to portugal the man/ i think i'm obsessed with them as well! :)
@creator, awesome update, pono continues to amaze and delight me :)
baked pono sounds both exotic and delicious
mom, oooooh. i see. (i don't really see.)  ;-)
o'b, glass eyes :)
just back from glastonbury and great to see an update, trying to work out if their in ear phones in the temp test photo and wondering if they'll be shipped with some, implied no headphones were to be supplied.
@mom wait. what assets are those? hahaha. never mind. i'm making myself blush. ;-)
@o'b that's my speciality too, would lose my prize assets if they weren't in a bag ;)
i will be more likely to lose it than to drop it. i'm master of losing all the things.
i treat my gadgets with care - i cannot recall dropping a single one but i'm really pleased that pono is testing with such diligence, it's very impressive.
moisture repellent would, actually, be great.  i suppose the first needed accessory would be the rubberized case to shield the rubberized encasement.
@brian, ha! i've never done that, either, but i know plenty who have.
@brian milligan  maybe pono floats :)
music = dopamine + great sounding music (pono) = way mucho dopamine = music addiction!!!  http://www.youtube.com/watch…
i think they've missed a vital test, i know someone (not me) who has dropped two phones into a toilet bowl.
@seán  yep, i have a long line of ipods and phones that have been dropped. sooner or later it happens. well, does for me anyway. good to see environment testing too.
@sean f. lmao!
"we don’t believe any of you will ever drop your ponoplayer from 3 feet on to a hard surface, but we are engineering the case that way regardless! "   this statement was meant to be sort of a joke, right? (i laughed good heartedly) i've dropped every handheld device i have ever had, repeatedly.  heck, i've even dropped my kid. ;)
glad to see a comprehensive update there's a lot to absorb. very exciting to see the progress being made and that things appear to be pretty much on track with the original timeline.
@sean f. it was amazing - i loved every part of that update!
on another subject, wasn't it nice to see all those pono players baking in an oven? i think that may be the first photo that i've seen that shows that the touchscreen will show album art.  i was wondering how basic or advanced the ui was going to be.  glad to know that it will be at least to standards.
@o'b, i agree re the pp.org site.  i signed up, looked at it a few times and came back here.  despite it's flaws, i think most people who pledged came here to post so there always seemed to be more happening on this ks comments site.
more cowbell!!
whoa, what's happening?......
@ian, you put some good posts on here, as do many other people.  however, apologies are not your strong suit, about as easy as herding cats.
@ian, i've already said i'm moving on. but by all means, feel free to do so yourself. i think it sounds a great plan. for what it's worth, i have been pro pp.org all along. i signed up ages ago, and i have even posted a few times. but there is no one there. it isn't engaging or active, and it never has been. i hope the true pono music boards are far more active. i'm sure they will be.
i will say this again, one more time. the guidelines must include member behaviour, moderator behaviour and who moderates the moderators if they don't do their job in an objective disinterested manner on behalf of the membership. and be visible and available to all. including how to escalate. if such had been in place nether you nor i nor anyone else would be in the positions we are now. and as @brian will know, i just did admit it when i was wrong. i never have problem with that. if there had not been negativity here around pp.org, which i know is still present, then people would have posted there. can we move on now, please?
fully* (i look forward to being able to edit.)
i'm not going round and round with you anymore, either. it's pointless, and it's clear to me you will never admit being the least bit wrong. we haven't really gotten along from the start, so i'm not at all surprised. i've tried to engage with you in a friendly manner in the past, but that clearly isn't working. so as i said before, i give up. i full endorse and support member and moderator guidelines. of course that endorsement and support assumes that said guidelines will be used impartially with fairness and equity.
@o'b that is unfair. there are no moderators here. period. we have not presented ourselves as self appointed moderators either. i did point out early on that we needed them though. and i did respond at the time about tjc, perhaps you might acknowledge that too. i am not prepared to get into a tit for tat over this either. i have made my position very clear. i am sure that you will support the preparation of proper member and moderator guidelines and their implementation. yes?
@ian, you guys have pretty much presented yourself as self-appointed moderators here, whether you are or not. now you consider yourself endorsed as such, given your "special announcement" post last night under all four names. it isn't difficult to go back and find his post. i expect that doesn't really interest you, however. there were multiple occasions where his aggressive behavior towards me was one-sided — his side. i tried not to respond, but it got worse and worse. but almost everyone else just posted around it, pretending it wasn't happening. not speaking up about it is akin to endorsing it in my book. and to be quite frank, that kind of thing wouldn't happen at pp.org because no one is posting there. they are posting here.
@o'b please forgive me, but i cannot remember all of the interactions and to and fro between you and tjc. including tjc telling you to get hit by a bus. i am not a moderator, there are no moderators here. the way to build an ace community, imho, is to have crystal clear guidelines of what is and what is not acceptable, moderators that know how to make sure that those guidelines are understood and ways for the members to call a moderator to account if they do not act in a properly objective and disinterested manner. all published, available for all to see and easy to understand. this is what i have been saying for a long time. and is, at least in part, why pp.org was set up. the very same issues could not happen there because there are admin/mods there. we will continue to work to get the new community running according to these principles. then all of our energies can be focussed.
truly a great update. thanks for all of the new info, pono team. much appreciated.
great update - the ayre acoustics input is phenomenal and the efforts by a small pono team are immense.
@brian. i went back to may 1 and found it already, and skimmed it again to refresh. hence my previous post. my apologies. there's a big subject right there i think that is really relevant. the way that so many comments on hi res assume that, because the ear cannot be measured to be able to hear  >20khz it is therefore impossible for us to be affected by such sounds winds me up no end. no reply from the magazine that published the article btw...
telling someone to get hit by a bus is not a personal dispute. i can't believe you don't understand that, but maybe you really don't. anyway, i give up. by all means, let's just allow and endorse people threatening others. that's the way to build an ace community.
@o'b i was reading #33 update which we have all been waiting for and came back. i have said repeatedly that we need moderators with transparent guidelines against which they can be measured. when there is a personal dispute like this one, neither i nor anyone else here is in a position to really sort it out. is very frustrating for all concerned. the sooner we get a forum where these things are non issues, where things are transparent and admins/mods have the ability to sort things the better as far as i am concerned.
@ian, whoops, our posts overlapped.  no worries!
@ian, here's the url again.  the paper did deal specifically with hearing >22khz frequencies.
@brian i may have to stand corrected on that one....
no response. excellent. as i said, not really getting some of the choices for moderators. but there you go. maybe ignoring/not reading/aggressive/rude is what they want for the pono forum moderators. if so, job done!
@brian not at all.  was from early 2000s i think? my apologies if i did not respond though. the newer stuff was about the tests on hearing with >22khz frequencies. that seemed new to me. and contradictory to almost all other published stuff.
@ian, you seemed to miss my post of 1st may with a url for an academic paper on ultrasonics, a topic which excited you some weeks later when you posted a link to a very similar paper :)
@all update #33 is with us...
@ian, you didn't address him directly. at all. you were chit-chatting like old pals with him just this morning, never having said, "hey, tjc, maybe don't call women dogs and suggest they get hit by a bus." a vague "don't say mean stuff" is not addressing the issue, as far as i'm concerned. i'm glad i don't use my real name here because that dude is actually scary. seriously. it makes me uncomfortable that he is even here, never mind the fact that he is treating other posters with such ugly disregard and unkindness.
@brian i try to read everything but sometimes have to catch up. and i did respond to tjc's posts as detailed below.
@o'boogie. i did address the issue, at the time. it was kinch who said it was totally unacceptable, i came in right behind him and said "once comments start to get personal, they are unacceptable in every forum i know..... we don't have moderators here so have to do it ourselves, the best way we can" that was june 22nd.
for me, one of the problems of this comments section is the number of people who read less than they write.  i believe i have read every post even, the ones that were repititions of comments i had already posted. none of the supposed moderators seemed to notice the abhorrent behaviour of tjc yet seemed to be actively writing before, through and after tjc posted his comments.  one of the prime traits needed of a moderator is the enthusiasm to read the all of the posts.
@o'boogie. that must have been someone else then. my apologies. this does illustrate some of the problems with this comments section though. and why moderators are needed and why moderation guidelines must be clear and explicit. and put into play. no one can actually stop anyone putting anything here that they want. all we can do, as we have on occasions, is cry foul and hope that it goes away. or report it to ks. it is also illustrates another problem with this section. it is serial. it is possible to miss something and not know what is going on an then have to trawl through thousands of posts to find something. what might be very hurtful to a member may not even be visible to someone else. any member should know if something is acceptable or not and know how to raise it and have it dealt with if they see or are victim of any such behaviour. and how escalation procedures work and how repeated offensive behaviour will result in appropriate action. and what that appropriate action must be. it must be transparent. totally.
@ian, no. it hasn't been "dealt with." you are engaging with his person regularly as of this morning. he has not been reprimanded or dealt with in any way, shape, or form. in fact, he still has an ugly dog as his user photo (representing me, apparently, according to his charming and intelligent discourse). so no. not at all dealt with.
@o'boogie @mom. kyle said before that there will need to be many more moderators if things expand as they have the potential to. the only reason we four are involved in the way we are is that we - kyle initially and then the rest of us - were involved with/put effort into pp.org.
@o'boogie, i agree with eduard. i also thought that that person was 'dealt with' here and told that it was unacceptable. perhaps i am not remembering it right and that was another? any moderator guidelines have to start with a definition of what is and what is not acceptable member behaviour on the particular forum/site in question. and that definition has to be available for all to see. that is what the moderators have to moderate and the way in which they can be brought to task if they do not do it. unless that is clear then anything else has the potential to get into personal / subjective perspectives. and if the moderators don't uniformly and in a disinterested way deal with any unacceptable behaviour then they too may need to be moderated. as far as i know, derogatory or insulting personal comments, calling into question a person's integrity, malicious comments and the like, are never acceptable anywhere. nor are sexist/racist/religious slurs. whilst there have not, as far as i know, been any of the latter, we have had some of the former. if all of the guidelines are there for all to see then everything will be transparent and if anything has not been thought of then they can be amended. this is how i have always understood things are best done. on another site, we thought it unnecessary to be specific about the basic sexist/racist side of things until a member transgressed and then we had to make it explicit.
@mom, thanks for that. there may not be many women here, but there are sure to be more in a forum. i'd love to be part of it. @eduard, i appreciate you acknowledging that. no one else has, and i find that absolutely deplorable.
@o'boogie i saw that comment i think you are right,  that was not correct. hopefully, the person who hides his/her real name will come forward and apologize. that would be pono
@creator, at least one of your backers already has experience of a music forum.  gilad tiefenbrun of linn is a pono backer and has experience of a music forum. http://blogs.linn.co.uk/giladt/2014/03/pono-saves-the-music-industry.php have you approached gilad? also, you may want to a lady's perspective on a forum.  o'boogie seems like a great bet to me.
yup. still pretty grossed out by all this. by all means, please treat a troll who called me a dog and asked that i be hit by a bus as if he is completely a-ok. super. so far, so good.
@dana - you mentioned something in your response to the news earlier when you said: "if anyone of the backers has some influence with individual artists or record labels, please help in making hi-res content available.". i think that individually we have little influence, collectively we have more. or the potential for it anyway. is what community (can be) about. ks an example of that.
i apologize for getting some things wrong. i may be conflating some things ( i just can't seem to remember all of the 10,648 comments from here.....and ks doesn't make it easy to find information if it's not in an update) i look forward to the update today.
@kinch  thanks for that. $419 eh? that's competitive alright. have been a visitor to head-fi for a few years now and find that site useful for all things head and phone. j j cale. sadly missed. i think eric clapton always wanted to be him. but without eric j j would have been destitute as i understand it. his version of after midnight saved j j's bacon. clyde - do you play electric bass? and with finesse and grace? i remember hearing cajun moon in maybe '74. stopped me in my tracks. the cover of okie is in a frame over the stairs here. along with a few other albums. no prizes for guessing which ones though.... this is a very nice recording of cajun moon it seems.... https://www.youtube.com/watch…
here's a review of a current hi-res player: http://headfonics.com/2014/07/the-dx90-by-ibasso/ it's a fine in-depth review that in passing describes the benefits from hi-res players and the  way players, in this case the dx90, responds with various makes of headphone, iems etc. i hadn't come across headfonics.com before (there was a link to the review on head-fi.org). it looks like a pretty good site which has lots of useful information, particularly for the kinds of things that many people here are interested in. as a wise band said once "love the one you're with" :-) @ian i noticed you mentioned j.j. cale a while back. anytime i want a good laugh, i listen to "clyde". ponomusic should talk to sean adams of slim devices. there's a guy who has been down the road and who knows his musical onions. and the pitfalls of niche manufacturing. pono should talk to us too...winter is coming:-)
good luck team and keep digging out the relevant information regarding pono music to share. hopefully, the "real" pono forum/community board will be up and running very soon!
@mom has expressed exactly what i meant to but didn't manage. i have no problem with differing opinions, but i've been called down and treated quite rudely by one of these proposed moderators. that kind of reaction to a differing opinion does not a good and balanced moderator make. good luck all the same. :-)
@kyle, i understand.  i wish you guys and pono the best of luck with the work.
@mom understandable.  the 'rules' aspect will always be changing as the course of interaction evolves, as well as the input that others will bring to the table.  the foundations themselves are not in stone yet, nor do we have the authority to set them in stone.  at this point all we can do is provide a suggested stencil for pono to do the etching, with input from the entire community as well as our own.  the foundation should represent the community's well-being, not a team of moderators' well-being.
@kyle, i understand that but if two of the four have demonstrated an inability to moderate themselves, my concern is that the foundations of the moderation rules may be questionable.
@mom part of the process has been putting limitations and guidelines against ourselves as well, and identifying the person within pono that the moderator team will answer to.  we realize that there will always be differing opinions, even amongst the 4 of us (which there have been). notice i say 'moderator team'.  18,000+ initial users cannot be moderated by only 4 people. pono realizes this as well.  as is everything with the overall pono project, this is also very much in the beginning stages.
i can understand pono reaching out for help, the organisation is small.  i can also understand that these four guys were approached because of their linkage with pono people.org. however, i have my concerns.  there have been times where two of the four seem to me to have demonstrated an inability to moderate themselves let alone anyone else.  the idea that these guys could be involved in proposing moderation rules leaves me slightly baffled.
@tjc one thing i will add is that, already, i have a life pre-pono and one post-pono. i have met some really great people here and had my thinking challenged and sharpened. i have seen new possibilities that align with my own passions and the opportunity to contribute to them. if all of that isn't pono then i don't know what is. and hooking up with kyle, rich and eduard has been, and is, a real treat. we are four very different guys and have spent a lot of time talking with each other and to and fro-ing. i have learned a lot from them individually and as a group. and via the nature of the interactions themselves too. which sort of feels like what you were pointing to as important. i too hoped that pp.org would have done that but it was damped down a lot from the reactions to it, which is a shame. i'm just taking that as a yaflo and putting it into the mix for what is yet to come.
@tjc i pretty much agree with a lot of what you say there. not all, but a lot. the stuff we are working on is around a new forum for people gathered around pono. not the player alone, but the wider matters of music and everything related to it that pono as an ethos represents. i must only speak for myself here but i am confident that pono themselves realise the importance of community and all that it entails, above and beyond the player and the music store. the complex issues around boundaries are just that - complex. but they must be tackled and that is a big part of what we are trying to figure out. i am totally committed to this as i see what is potentially emerging as being very significant indeed. way past music. but it is the music that connects us all together. and it is musicians who often speak truth to power. i like that.  music is global, cross cultural and does not take into account status, geography, sex, age or anything else. music is bigger than that. and it predates most things. technology has always supported it - whether banging a skin with a bone, plucking a string or creating pono i share fully your concerns about commerciality and monetisation of almost everything. but i also share neil's drive to get back to music and his other aims and the way he goes about representing them in the world. what is needed, which i share with you fully i think, is a way for us to connect and communicate. that has huge power in it when the core ethos is music and the feelings it gives us. basic stuff. we all need pono to succeed with what it is doing now for that to emerge. not least because it will enable connections to, between and with people that would normally be many degrees of separation away from us. i'll just do my best to do what i can do to help make that happen. i hope we all will. or we can squabble whilst the world moves on. i don't mean you, i mean us as a community.
@ian just hit enter key to fast is all been here since day one and member of pono people as well i back this project even though some think i don't, better music and a great player is what i am looking for just wish the creators did half as much as most kickstarter creators do. a lot of people on this site have backed this project only and don't understand the difference between a good project and a great project. this is a great tremendous idea but the project does not rate as a great project in my book as the creators don't communicate and that is surprising to me the product sold itself it could have been much larger just saying!
@ian negativity from some as the group started out trying to promote piracy of music after flak over that the negativity is in the steadfast refusal from the creator to communicate with people and promotes pono people as their voice. they don't pay you guys any money right and if you guys put out bad info well it's not them speaking, actually sad to hear you are going to fold up after this comes out. as i personally will be looking for a site about pono for people who want more out of pono than the creators are wiling to put out. the first mp3 player had a site that found a following of some very sharp people they came up with quite a few modifications and developed procedures for things like battery replacements, hard drive replacements circuit board modifications for improved performance and modified the bios to provide two way communication. pono is a music player and certainly these guys are in the selling music business not the hardware business sure they hired some top engineers but in the end once the music store has taken off and other companies make competing products they will drop the hardware and the baggage it carries and go all out selling flacs. it's the money thing you know. that's when a private forum will be nice to bad this group didn't want to be that group.
@ian kendrick, i have no clue as to why there was any negativity in regards to the pp.org site other than a couple of attempts from someone here to navigate over there but whatever.  i thought it was a cool idea.  still do. i look forward to more of your posts and others regarding hi-res tech conversations and the like on here and the upcoming new site!  :)
@tjc - i assume (always potentially dangerous) that you are asking about the use of the word rather than its meaning? if so, then the situation as i recall is that when ponopeople.org was put together, there was negativity here and suspicion about it. some of us went to pp.org, some of us did not. and a small number went there to help out with admin on it as well as contributing. some of the comments this morning indicate that some of that negativity is still present. a bit.
@ian flak?
@seán  @wc  i can fully understand how things may look. in the absence of information we all try to fill in the gaps to figure out what might be going on. is partly why we got involved and a lot of why we wrote here when we did. it is exactly as we have said though, nothing more or less. and it should be borne in mind that it came out of the work on pp.org, towards which there is still some negativity here, despite's pono's positive position on it. all we have done is to put time and positive energy into it. @wc +1 to billy and family.
@ian, forgive me if i sounded hostile as i have enjoyed reading your posts on here and the other three, but it would be nice as a business strategy to give us backers some sort of update.  i have patience as i suspect the majority of the backers on here do but again, throw us dogs a bone is what i'm saying.  having contacted pono yesterday they did say an update will be forthcoming within 24 hours.  we'll see what we'll see i guess.  again, thank you for your involvement with pono and it's community.  off topic, my prayers go out to billy & his family.
thanks guys for the transparency!  it really does mean a whole lot.  in my head, 3 of you were legit and one was a serial killer.
@wc thanks, much appreciated. we agree that pono must provide updates, is what a lot of what we have been doing has been about. i am clear that the pono team have been swamped by scale and are doing well in catching up with themselves. if what we have been doing helps with that transition, then it will have been worth it. and i personally think it will. also, we are members of this community too, still are and always will be.
@ian, thank you for explaining yourself and the other three, however, it would be highly professional as a business/ks project for the ponomusicteam to make their own updates rather than have you four as middlemen.  at least until the switch has been made when you four become honorary pono representatives.  thanks for giving us underlings a voice though.  i guess...
just to make one other thing clear. rich, kyle, eduard and myself have never met. our only connection is that we are backers for this ks campaign, worked on the pp.org site and want to help out. rich and i may meet up this week as, by good fortune, we are geographically closer than the thousands of miles that normally separate us. we'll have a cup of tea and talk about things pono.
like eduard, rich and kyle, i know no one at pono, have not met anyone from pono, nor do i have any commercial relationship with them. period. let's nail that straight away. the work we have been doing stems from the great effort that kyle put into pp.org. that site got some flak here, but you may recall that it was mentioned very positively by john hamm in his video - go check it out if you have not seen it. and by pono here too. please remember that. as a follower of pono, their opinion on these matters should count for you. they do for us. the work we have been doing has no commercial nature at all for us. we have been looking, with pono and at their request, at how things might migrate and how the community might work. the only reason we are doing any of this is because we really like what pono is about and just want to help out. and we have some relevant skills. that is all. we four have been as concerned as anyone here about progress at pono and have been doing our best to help out. we are not employees, agents, spies or anything other than 4 blokes who want to see this thing succeed. we are not empowered to speak on behalf of pono either, or represent them in any way other than the note we got yesterday asking us to let everyone know what we have been doing and that we have been working with pono to help put together the update that we think will be here very soon. so we did that, to get some comms here. it may not have been want you would have liked, but it is a bridge. we are confident that there will be a full update in the next day or so, that is up to pono. if you want us to answer any questions that are within our capability to answer, please ask and we will do so.
@dana as i am one of the four, i will let you know that i have always used my name here, live in france but am dutch, am not acquainted with anyone at pono. i am a music-lover like most of us here and when pono asked for our support/help (see update 31) i decided to do so. that is all.
i think that at least one of them is at least an acquaintance of john hamm or one of the group. as for the ponopeople site......i was one of the first to sign up.....last i looked there were 222 or so members and posts were very infrequent. there's a site called steve hoffman music forums where some info was posted......the pono preview with john hamm i believe was on there. one of the quadvirate may have been there at the preview.
o'boogie, i know, spelling errors right?  (mine was your instead of you're). okay, so those guys are for real and they've been contacted by pono to start moderating or something.  that's weird, who are they in the real world...do you know?   testing..... :0
it's a shame they check the site everyday yet can't leave a word yet take time to reply to @wc i call that bs just saying
@tmh i have successfully ripped blu-ray on a mac using make mkv (free so far) and dvd audio extractor (free trial for 30 days, then about 40 bucks, well worth it). i have successfully ripped neil young archives, psychedelic pill, and quadriphenia live in london.
@dana gibson, check out radiate athletics on here.  now that is one big dumpster fire! lol
any more*
@sean, they are four backers who have posted quite a bit. but then so have i, along with brian m., man of mystery, et al. they are also moderators at what amounts to a fan site called pono people. but that's it. they don't work for pono, and they don't know anymore than we do.
by the way....the quadumvirate (i made up a new word) sounds like a similar group on the agent watch project....which is 6 months late and has not quite as bad communication....but close.....and the things they update as happening should have been done months ago
who are those four guys that introduced themselves as the new pono moderator team? introductions usually mean using your full names (first and last)...unless your cher...or bono...or charo.  was that serious?
@wc, thanks for checking. that's good news. :-)
i contacted pono and this was their response: the ponomusic team jun 30, 2014 there is an update going out within 24 hours.
no problem! now, how about a little more "soul...man"! the blues brothers http://youtu.be/ynasrhmb_qo
john-thanks, that was perfect mental food for my mood!
here's a 1967 performance of "mr. soul" by buffalo springfield. http://youtu.be/lrhhds69iu0
troll.....*sigh*....why i rarely communicate on boards. yet this one has soul
@dana gibson lemmings is a better term than super-secret agents
wow, this is reducing to a soap opera. i will give it another week, or a reply to my email.
i'm beginning to think pono corporate "head"quarters is going to be located in colorado and they're out there on holiday sampling the air.
@joe, yes. i just can't get over the weirdness. as they say in internet land, "er, wut?"
@ob frankenstein baby!! clearing out the sound of crickets!
these four guys have always been super-secret agents for pono.
@joe, that made me laugh. loudly.
give me a couple of weeks whilst i see if i can delegate my response to any further questions to a few random people i've never met. till then i'm going to plug my cans and amp into my iphone crank up some edgar winter and eat an apple because at least that makes sense.
yes, it's a bit indirect. a simple 'hello' would be appreciated, directly from pono
were, not we're*
@joe, agree. i want an update from the people directly involved. like, who work for pono. not some guys who, up until a few minutes ago, we're just backers like all of us. it makes me uncomfortable. it's just plain weird.
@dana the whole thing just seems a bit odd. maybe i should try the holiday thing, no communication, no worries....wait a minute that wouldn't work i've made commitments...and they have this new tech called the internet, smart phones and such that makes it not only easy but required at least in my little part of the world.
dammit. i rewrote that because i thought it didn't post the first time. anyway. looking forward to an actual update from @creator soon. llp
that's a weird update from people who just happen to moderate at an unrelated fan site. very ... er ... odd.
i'm a little weirded out by that comment from the four people listed. it's a bit, um, ... strange. anyway ...
@kyle i agree that it isn't pono's cross to bear making content available....but then again it is because there is only value in a hi-res player when there is hi-res music to play. if anyone of the backers has some influence with individual artists or record labels, please help in making hi-res content available.
thanks for that news. i had just sent an email (courteous) expressing my thoughts that some sort of real update (i don't count the last as an update) should be forthcoming. as all here, i have patience for what i consider an exciting development...hell, i've forgotten how much i used to simply enjoy listening......just listening, to vinyl on good headphones. this, and ny happening to be my favorite musical artist has invigorated this baby-boomer like a kick in the arse. already ordered buds (rbh ep2s) based on research, thinking about momentums as main cans. all this music discussion, and no mention of jeff beck or robin trower?
@joe burroughs what ar eyou hearing crickets about? kyle, ian, rich and eduard: thank you very much for your update on the update. i look forward to next week's update #33.
do crickets sound better in hi-res because i think i'm hearing them.....
@tmh well i speak enough french to let you know that it is available in 24/96 hi res
@all  upon pono’s posting of update #31, the moderators at ponopeople.org were approached by the pono team to discuss roles in assisting with the pono backing community.  the four of us involved in such an effort; kyle, ian k, rich, and eduard have been in contact with each other on a daily basis throughout this time frame, and have discussed the importance of the community with pedram abrari, svp of technology at pono.  in our discussions we have been tasked to draft moderating and participation guidelines, as well as transition plans,  for the new pono community that will work hand-in-hand with the ponomusic store.  in recent weeks our priorities have been very much in line with the backers, in that we are in communication with pono in order to confirm details of the most recent expected deliveries and promises.  we have been giving feedback the pono team, including ceo john hamm and pedram, in order to make them aware of the growing concerns expressed here on the kickstarter comment section and throughout the pono community, monitoring these issues daily.  mr abrari has been on holiday in recent weeks, but has requested that we announce our working involvement with pono in order to help in this regard.  we will be assisting in the completion of what will be known as update #33, with the help of pedram (upon his return) and the new communication manager at pono.  we hope to address most, if not all, of the issues in the forthcoming update.  it is pono's intent to present update #33 next week, most likely towards the back end of the week. we will do all that we can in order to ensure that communications between pono and all of us, the backing public, are addressed and in order.  we are confident that pono understands these issues that we have presented, and that they understand the value of community and thus, communication. the four of us are committed to making sure the community is heard, as well as the pono team.  we hope your understanding in this matter allows us to serve you all as representatives to pono.  thank you for your patience.
test.
dana gibson you pretty much nailed it looks like all of the june promises didn't happen hard to imagine we will see this anytime soon no shirts no posters no store just saying!
hmmm. guess i was wrong. :-/
the pink floyd album division bell has started to ship and (apparently, as i dont speak french) is available for download in hi-res here http://goo.gl/rhwc9s for me, i am going to wait for my $150 box set to arrive and attempt to rip the blu-ray (god knows how) to christen the pono (depending upon what the tom pettty le comes wth)
'technology will never replace humanity.' this is an a++ statement right here.  good points all around.
@kyle, i am deeply involved in technology (of another kind, but that doesn't matter). we're talking about a major early adopting target audience here. being technology oriented doesn't exhume any organization of its responsibility towards its “investors”. no matter how “insignificant” their contributions, they’ve stepped up to the plate in a certain belief. technology will never replace humanity, so i hope - as you’re already convinced - our waits won’t be silent.
record labels*  not records anyway.  be patient folks, good things on the horizon... i can feel it.
@dana an elephant... yes.  but pono's elephant?  i'd say as much responsibility rests on the shoulders of the artists, producers, and the labels now, especially with the push now to make hi-res available like this.  every artist in these testimonial videos mentions how they're either a) convinced bit rates don't matter or b) admit that they're not as conscious as they should be about it.  and who knows what the records have done over the years to make this effort even more difficult... i agree, there's a question of available material here, but i don't know that pono should be taking the brunt of the burn for it initially.  if anything, the catalog will expand exponentially in the future because of pono (and other services alike; hdtracks, etc.)
i'm just a poor boy, i need no sympathy
i haven't seen any discussion of the elephant in the room......what content is going to be available? hi-res music is in limited supply from what i've seen. a number of atco releases, some dylan stuff. a lot of live performances.....but not always from the bands i'd be interested in....or a number of performances of the  same music. we have warner, universal and sony to look forward to, correct? i've already been through a few rounds of new technology with no/little content....laserdisc and blu-ray come to mind.
@dana, you can't honestly expect that pono doesn't know who their initial backers are... audiophiles.  now, i personally don't have a set of cans like that, because i'm new to this whole hi-fi scene.  this is my first foray into the world of hi-res, but i don't exactly make up the demographic that is present here.  from what i've learned, its pointless to invest in anything in this world without having good quality headphones, so of course everyone has hi $$$ gear...  we shouldn't expect pono to have an opinion on these, or much less offer a set of headphones as a pono accessory, at this stage in the game.  but maybe i'm wrong... @tijn... as stated above.  i'm new to this world.  i understand the value of communication just fine,  but backing anything that deals with this amount of technology, and the programming elsewhere to go along with it, also requires a bit of patience.  this has been anything but 'another webstore' since day 1, and the wait won't be a silent one.
@kyle, if you're oke with a silent wait until delivery of the player (be it in october or even early next year), good for you. however, i didn't pledge for a few players expecting it to be an order in just another webstore. i don't doubt the effort @creator is putting in. i'm just hoping for a little more engagement from a group of people which appeal to our "souls"...
@dana, what are you even talking about re: headphones? i have no idea what you are referring to.
by the way.....getting some input once on headphones is nice.....everyone making sure we all know that they own two or three 500 dollars sets of cans is not helpful.
i also believe that pono players will eventually be built and we'll get the rewards we've pledged for. i've been following pono on fb and twitter for a couple of years now. it was apparently important for a number of people to like and follow pono....although i don't know why, they didn't communicate there either. actually i don't understand why so many people insist on getting as many followers as possible if they don't intend to post anything. but i digress. pono history has basically always been minimal communication. but when 18,220 people pony up their hard earned cash (well some just take it from petty cash) you would think they would take ten minutes and give the minimum information just to let everyone know they do care.
absolutely agree, @tijn. and @kyle, that is so true. i agree with you there. roll on october! llp
@o'b, today isn't even a "must" for me. it's just the general idea that matters. days, weeks or months are irrelevant. the fact that we embarqued on a journey is. this project has sparkled in a way i haven't seen before (maybe because i love it so much). i'd hate to see the momentum perish in communicative indifference from the very people who instigated it. that's all. not deminishing the value of all the musical posts and personal notes though. besides the point of what we were aiming and hoping for, but definitely enriching to many of us. thanks for that you all!
i know we all love our t-shirts and ny signed posters... i'm not saying one pledge is/isn't as important as another when i say: i honestly think the timeline they are trying to absolutely hit their mark on is the first wave of players themselves in october.  that would be an accomplishment in and of itself with a company of less than 10 employees (info i've found via linkedin), and i still believe they can do it.  perhaps the early deadlines may suffer from the importance of the work they're trying to accomplish by october. by january 2015, if the players are delivered on time, nobody will remember or care about getting their shirts/posters later than expected.  just looking at the big picture.
@tijn, yes. fingers crossed. honestly, i'll be shocked if they don't update us today with some kind of news. and we'll get all the things we've been promised. maybe on a slightly different timeline, but we'll get them. :-)
@o'b, i've already "lost" on a project which couldn't deliver at all. i don't mind when losses are transparent (a risk is a risk). not all dreams come true, but i'm convinced that pono's will. i'm holding my breath, based on your guessing... (i'm no stranger to exceptions)
just found out another kickstarter shipping estimate has been pushed out. happens all the time, folks. i do agree that we need an update; i'm guessing we'll get one from @creator today. i'd be surprised if we didn't.
let me make myself clear: how budgets should be spent isn't our business. i know project founders on ks don't owe us anything more than gratitude (which has been expressed already). i merely hope that @creator will keep acknowledgeing our existence and will deal with us the pono-way. no more, no less. @joe, sooner or later that will happen! (but it would be nice to keep the interest alive in the meantime)
@tijn you may be right about the feasibility test......i'm sure the people involved in pono could get as much money as they need. so maybe we should just sit back and wait for the package to arrive on our doorsteps.....nahhhh. i think you're right, we should be involved and deserve the minimum of communication from @ponomusiccreator.
@tijn: +1, i don't care about ship dates.  but i do care about updates!   so @creator, what is the story. in re: signed ny posters.  i know ny signed the damn things.  with 6.2m$, i know you have postage money.
@tijn and how powerful could that sales force be with something to actually demonstrate!
ps. enrolling a worldwide salesforce of 18.000 enthusiasts for 6,2 mln and change isn't a bad deal where i come from....
@creator, i can imagine that you are all extremely busy furnishing offices, scouting manufacturers, developing the pono store, fine-tuning ui/product design, harvesting hi-res sources, funding the follow-up, informing the press corps, developing a distribution network, raising hi-res awareness and, and, and... but somehow, i would like to experience a little more pono within this "community". involvement and loyalty are mostly driven by communication. sincere communication. communicating a setback - even a failure - is in my opinion 100% more pono than the silence you have demonstrated here since reaching the ks-deadline.  i got into this project because i believe in the idea, in the projected pono ecosystem and because i'd love to see many peoples lives to be enriched by music as true as it can get. but also because i liked to be part of a new chapter in musical history (as tiny as it may be). i think by now i've “sold” both the player and the whole pono-concept many times over and probably many backers have done the same. but now - in all honesty - i must confess to my disappointment. i don't care about shipping dates, even if they'd be pushed back for another year. however i do care about involvement, about loyalty and about sticking to ones principles. if to you this ks-project was just a means to tip the feasibility-scale, then just say so. i would have bought into the whole concept anyway. if not, than just give us a shred of an update. because you know… we care!
get well soon billy!
estimated does mean estimated. some ks projects that care about the people who have raised the money they need to fulfill a dream communicate and present a revised estimate. others just ignore their backers. this project appears to be the latter. things will happen when they happen. it is a bit disappointing that none of the events that don't have to do with the actual production of the pono player have occurred. and it would be nice to get updates on the player itself. the thing that disappoints me most and may indicate real issues is the presale not being ready yet. ok, flame on.
i've been listening to joni's hejira and karen dalton this morning.
today i have been mostly listening to j j cale. okie, troubadour and naturally. naturally.
that's a drag. looking forward to the gig on the 13th.
@redwood, sad news about billy talbot. thanks for sharing.
re panic at the poster......i am still waiting for a limited book i got in another kickstarter. was supposed to be last xmas, now due september. hang on there guys, don't panic.....but then again, don't be denied!
other news: crazy horse bassist billy talbot has suffered a mild stroke and will have to sit out the forthcoming tour to recover - rick rosas will be standing in for him.
@simon, thank you. have some of you guys never backed a kickstarter before? estimated means estimated.
estimated does not mean promised.
anyone get the poster yet ?
check out this rolling stones gem :  http://www.youtube.com/watch… just before exile on main street was released' exile on main street blues' with mick jagger on piano was given away with the new musical express. it was a record on floppy plastic so the sound quality isn't great. mick has taken the song titles from the album and strung them together to make a song. they should have added it to the remastered album. enjoy.
ponomusic accounts were already due 2 weeks ago and never came, so i don't really expect today's deadline to be made. but i'm hoping to be pleasantly surprised..
30/06/14 and 3pm in new zealand - only 9 hours to go until july... :)
it is the 30th of june in australia, so something must happen in the next 11 hours................ ;-)
so everything must be happening tomorrow....oh can't wait....can't wait
hello jack, glad to see your back in town, the way you sling that guitar around, you sure make it screech with an awful loud sound! https://www.youtube.com/watch…
mobiusengine, poke at the internet and discover...try this to begin: http://youtu.be/aoo2q8g7i88
what other music kickstarter campaigns you say sean?  well here's one worth looking up: "the ballad of shirley collins".  ok, so strictly speaking it's a film but a film all about music.  and what music it is!  seminal you might say.
love joni mitchell, and the albums mentiond, plus miles of aisles and both sides now. is there a more influential female writer and singer in the last 40 years? doubt it. expect to see joni on the pono music store. her albums are well recorded. she is even canadian, like neil young.
@ian thanks. hejira is joni fave #2!!!
@mom love song for sharon. god, i've got such a crush on you and your musical taste. ;-)
i've got that shadows and light dvd as well. i got it mainly because of pat metheny, although i do like joni a lot. i have 1972's for the roses and 1991's night ride home. however, i'm a huge pat metheny fan, like ian seems to have stated on here as well. i got to see pat m. at the brown theatre in louisville, kentucky in 2007 (2nd row, dead-center!), in feb. of this year at the ryman auditorium in nashville (8th row, to the right a bit), and i will be seeing him again later this year, july 27th, in louisville in a tiny auditorium that holds around 350 (4th row seats, pretty much in the center!). here are a few videos i recorded at the feb. 16, 2014 show in nashville. (i had to re-upload them to youtube with only the dates as titles due to copyright issues with his record label. also, i had to hide my little camera down low, near my stomach and balanced on my leg, zooming in between the heads of those in front of me, so the video isn't all that great. ...i tried...) http://youtu.be/ktaszysj-tu http://youtu.be/ft_ecmax81i http://youtu.be/-tm23blhkh4 http://youtu.be/j0edhae78ua
@ian, the shadows and light dvd is great.
@o'b a case of you is a perfect song from a perfect album.  song for sharon is brilliant too.
question for all you learned folk. i have various 24/192 recordings and prize them highly, but i also have 24/96 and 24/48 recording which, whilst still sounding brilliant, i place in a lesser category. i look down on them just a little. is it better to focus on the fact that they are all 24 bit depth or on the hz factor? i don't see any 16/192, so i am presuming that my little prejudice is valid.
@peter @o'b  the double live album shadows and light is my favourite i think. brilliant band - including pat metheny, jaco pastorius, michael brecker. the concert is on youtube. coyote, hejira, and lots more.
@o'boogie blue is likely my fave of hers.
listening to joni mitchell today. a case of you always sounds perfect.
a big thanks to pono music for helping reading rainbow with their donations in the last few days of the campaign. very classy, guys. makes me glad this project was such an enormous success.
@rocky  you know what they say about joe walsh. he was a really interesting guy. and then he got into some heavy drugs and turned into a bunch of really interesting guys. saw eagles maybe 2002 in london. walsh was just brilliant, wore a uk policeman's hat. another survivor, against the odds. womack left us today, but not after he cut the bravest man in the universe. brilliant album i reckon and redemption maybe for him. r.i.p. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
hey rocky,    great wisdom in your comments my friend.  being your first comment perhaps gives you perspective on what this journey is still about.    was talking tonite with a lad about my age who grew up in a small town north of amsterdam who got his first hifi in '70 but the only stereo signal came in from germany and his receiver glowed green whenever it was true stereo but it was constantly going off and on.   he loves music but left before i could get more of history.  he heard about pono from a friend in holland.  neil's dream is what this is about and it trumps dollars and borders.
@ rocky, i'm part of that "young generation" while i might not be as familiar with older music (i'm using mine primarily for rap and hip hop) so i haven't really had much to add, i still share the same dream of higher quality sound, i've been telling all my friends and trying to get people interested, i feel like this will really kill the ipod, i'm really looking forward to seeing how it works.
this is my first posting. check out my photo that i took of joe walsh playing rocky mountain way at an eagles concert in 1976. wow! this explains my demographic and i suspect most of the pono backers. what a journey of discovery it has been. i thought the sore ears i was getting playing mp3's from my phone was my age. now i have discovered high resolution and that all high res files are not equal. our generation grew up with vinyl and high quality audio. we saved hard for those precious albums. the current young generation doesn't want to pay for music, apps, movies but will spend on gadgets. they listen to songs not albums. they don't read books they read tweets. they don't know what high quality music sounds like. will they be the pono market ? i suspect it will be our  vinyl generation with a trickle down effect once people experience what high quality is. pono has to succeed as a business. there are other high resolution players out there. the difference will be the pono music store and the neil young factor. he has never sold out. we are blessed to be part of the journey. a lot of backers are demanding constant updates. remember the opposition ( apple, sony maybe) will new watching every move and trying to copy it. give the pono team a chance. let them play their cards close to their chest until the product is delivered. christmas will still happen on 25th december no matter how may sleeps you count ! cheers.
ps audio
ian go for it. i posted many times over there, as well as a few other pono people. it's well worth the price.
@siltech thought you had but was not sure. nice looking bit of kit, am tempted...
i ordered a sprout
john,  thanks for that great tip to the bob and tom show.   saw todd snider couple years back in a little dive downtown that seemed smoky even tho cigs are banned in vcr now a decade or more.   check out his song about dbcooper.   b double e double r un reminded me of another great song about goin' for beer.    fred eaglesmith's  little buffalo.   the chorus in this song pretty much describes the true ethos of country music: 'and it's restless nights and endless fights,  a hundred miles an hour and no headlights,  fiddles and accordions, tear stained steel guitars,  it's a tar paper shack, whiskey and smack,  two guns left in a five rifle rack,  somebody 'round here's gonna get killed and that's for sure.' this feed is probably 20 years old, but you get a sense of fred's on stage banter and you get to see the late great willie p. bennett. http://m.youtube.com/watch…
@peter a few people have ordered the sprout and some messages from people here, richheart for sure, resulted on a 'non us version' being produced. sprout a good looking piece of kit.
i was also wondering if pono would be taking suggestions on who to pursue for pono hi res releases?  i know that there are a bunch of albums that i would love to see on hi res that are not yet available.  for instance:  xtc-skylarking, kate bush-hounds of love, the three o'clock-sixteen tambourines, oingo boingo-(first four records...a big fan!).  i'm a child of the eighties, what can i say.  these records sound great and i want them in hi res....now!!!!   haha.  am i dreaming or am i going to have to choose between deep purple, genesis, garfunkel, and yes....again.
guys, i know some of you are in on this, but check out the sprout: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2022604828/sprout-hifi-stereo-amp-that-transforms-the-way-you this looks like a perfect complement to the pono, and has a gorgeous minimalist look and ethos. i emailed the creator--great guy--and ps audio is a well known company.  i think that this might be a very nice amp to use in a pono-based system. heck, it even has a phono pre-amp, and although the 192/24 dac in the pono sounds, by all accounts, to be excellent, the sprout has one too. anyone in on this?
just wondering what other music product kickstarter projects are worth looking at?  anyone have any suggestions?  i was looking through the listings, but i don't know what to search for, so i thought i would take the fast track and ask you folks.
i was just looking at a project for which my son pledged. an update every month. reasonable. project shipped a little late.....but kept backers up to date. @ponomusiccreator how about an update? pretty please?
classic rek song there.  his most famous line, without question.  i'm very familiar with him, being in texas and also a fellow alumnus of texas a&m university. he's a 'red dirt' country artist.
hey jim, i don't know much about robert earl keen, but his song is referenced in this humorous song by todd snider, "beer run". he writes funny songs and often appears on the bob and tom show (radio show that gets broadcast on the interweb for subscribers) and gets played very often. (the bob and tom show broadcast all over america and comes out of indianapolis.) anyway, "the road goes on forever, and the party never ends..." http://youtu.be/m1vrvw3quys
be nice to know when you're sending the t shirts etc. thanks.
@mom, that one gets me every single time. it's so beautiful. i know exactly what you mean!
my song for the day is maybe i'm amazed by macca, a true classic!
@jim, you listed a host of excellent artists there. but when i said cw, i meant chris whitley, the late, great blues/rock/alt country singer/songwriter. :-) that said, you appear to have wonderful taste in tunes!
up to eyeballs in complexity, need to get a perspective. time to take a few minutes out. this always does it along with a very english cup of tea... https://www.youtube.com/watch…
oink oink
@isaac you can't do it on ks anymore (this survey is closed. if you still need to change an answer, try sending a message to the ponomusic team.) or wait until the website is up and then change it.
o'boogie. some cw in the broadest sense:    sam baker,  guy clark, gene clark, gillian welch, romi mayes, hayes carll, kieran kane, robert earl keen 'http://m.youtube.com/watch….   the flatlanders - joe ely, jimmie dale gilmore or butch hancock individually, fred eaglesmith, casey chambers and shane nicholson, paul kelly.        the list goes on and on.    actually, 'the road goes on forever' is another great robert earl keen song.........
@issac - does your current state support mail forwarding? if you can't update it on ks maybe that could be a fall back plan. good luck.
i pledged $100. i am moving in early july to a new state. how do i update my address information? thanks.
@bill - in order?
kd lang doesn't live far from me :) but then again either does chad kruger. i could listen to the entire pink floyd catalog in one sitting. actually did it on a road trip once. brilliant.
hurray! it's five o'clock. i'm outta here. sorry to hog all the questions, @brian. hahaha.
i love kd lang. she is so undervalued as an artist in the u.s. it's a shame. what a voice! ingenue is brilliant.
or kd lang, especially ingenue or invincible summer. another stormer is nitin sawhney - beyond skin
@brian, i am not familiar with her. i've discovered a whole lot of music here! clearly my musical knowledge isn't as broad as i thought it was! i'll check her out. thanks!
does anyone else on here really like karen dalton, particularly, in my own time?
@o'b, van does have a great catalog with some real gems :-)
@mom, yes! i think the fact that his catalog is so varied is key. same with johnny cash and the beatles. nice one. i think the same about van morrison. i'm just listening to him just now. :-)
@o'b, i agree about the beatles and johnny cash. also, i could easily listen to ron sexsmith's entire catalog in one session :-)
@doug little feat, i can listen to concert after concert of their's. chicago, early stuff. jackson browne (provided i'm depressed before i start). beatles
@ian and @dana thanks for keeping this forum pono :) anyhow, i've let off enough hot air for today.
@richheart so sorry....but it was meant in jest and we got a few giggles from it.
@doug, the beatles and johnny cash. otherwise, no. as i learned today.
@ian, i posted the following link to an academic paper from fall 2000 on ultrasonics on 1st may.  the evidence has been around for a long time. http://skreddypedals.com/digital_sucks/ultrasonics.htm
@o'boogie, and everyone else. is there any artist you can critically listen to for 6 cds straight? don't think i can. need more variety.
yay!! moondog ks project got funded. now there will be a movie about the extraordinary "viking of 6th avenue". to celebrate here is my favourite piece by the dude. call him that because he is the role that jeff bridges would most like to play. and moondog was on the ost of the big lebowski. if not familiar with moondog, check out the map of people he influenced on the ks project. i more or less guarantee that there will be some surprises for you... https://www.youtube.com/watch…
i ran out of steam on the waterboys' box set experiment. i'm now listening to chris whitley's living with the law. any other cw fans round here?
not being able to correct is a drag...
not sure.  stand by....
pen and paper would be more like it though... as far as note-taking goes.  :-)
ah... was that the guy with the sennheisers?
mike mettler writes/edits stories for a periodical that he runs called sound and vision magazine.  www.soundandvision.com  he also runs a blog on his own called soundbard. what's he got?  well... he tweeted a picture of himself listening to pono earlier this month, with pen and pencil in-hand taking notes.  been checking for an article to come out for the past week, nothing so far. this could be one of the first reviews from an audio guy that has actually listened to the player itself.
@kyle  don't know about mike mettler. what's he got? occurs to me that pono might benefit from the work of tony bolton - or at least the work he is uncovering. have posted the thing i wrote on ponopeople: http://ponopeople.org/viewtopic.php…
you were clearly just joking, ian. the person who started it was just being rude.
@rich +1 on your comment about abusive names. and apologies if i fanned the flames on that. was sent in a very positive spirit.
are any of you familiar with an audiophile journalist by the name of mike mettler?
looks like 10,500 is in sight today... especially if ian's auto-correct assists in the effort.
and rich, i agree. i've been more rudely treated on these pono boards than i have in the all my days on the internet. shame, really. i like most of you crazy kids. :-)
@ian not quite sure, the whole crew are gonna be there. i heard they broke a record for sell out time. "sorry squire, i scratched the record..... " goes quite nicely next to the sgt pepper
@ian greatly looking forward to some quiet soon.  yes i know, blame the auto.... :)
oh @dana please refrain from abusive misspelling of names, regardless of one's ability to laugh it off, the offence itself is to the whole community on here. just not acceptable.
@rich  thought i should come back in with this ident. i see the python crew are reforming for 'one last time' quiet soon...
i'm listening to parade marches... you know, "go usa" and all of that...
@o'b better not sniff at beefart jokes... and you, spending a day in a fisherman's box.... too smelly by far.......... too smelly by far...... too (imagine the end of sgt. pepper, needle in the groove)
oh, kyle. that joke stinks. (see what i did there?) i'm listening to the waterboys' fisherman's box. i started at disc 1, and i intend to plow through all six discs today. this is my goal.
so we have a richfart along with beefart fanatics.... what a gas this has become...
@ian thank you so much :) i believe you may enjoy this rejoiner: especially 1:48 would appear apt https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@eduard that would be when the magic band became the tragic band. don't get me started on the good captain though or we'll be here all day. other than to say... troutmask is often featured in lists of the most 'difficult' albums. it normally is in a separate category, a bit like mad magazine, and placed first in the list, but further out than anything else. the co-creator of the simpsons, matt groening rates it as the most significant album ever made. i think i agree with him. and the track is where it gets its name from. i have a reel to reel of an old (1970s?) bbc star special - a 2 hour radio show with a guest dj. ian anderson from tull did one and played this and pointed out that in this context, a fart is an old codger or similar. have the frank zappa star special too. was a really great series. enough!!
@ian k cool video man.
@ian i do like him too, although not all the time, only his earlier stuff up to when he lost his band (1975-77?)
hahaha. how appropriate.
ok, i apologise in advance. to everyone. but i can't resist posting this. from troutmask replica. just for @rich though, and @dana... i'll get my coat. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
so has anyone gotten their ponomusic account yet?  i'm starting to kindof lose my enthusiasm for this project.  creator doesn't seem to care much about us backers now that the money is in. funny how that goes.
@dana you are right down to the penultimate letter. unless you have some flatulent information that others on here are not privvy to? wouldn't want to get up your nose or anything.
i'd love a formal substantive update. wouldn't it be cool to learn what songs will be on the les?!
i never got the chance to see pink floyd when they were together, but i did get to see all the members perform "pink floyd music" live (excluding syd) at one point or another over the last 20 years. my younger brother went with me to all of these shows. pink floyd – vanderbilt stadium – nashville – 5/8/1994 pink floyd – hoosier dome – indianapolis – 6/14/1994 roger waters – schottenstein arena – columbus – 8/15/1999 roger waters – amsouth amphitheatre – nashville – 6/6/2000 roger waters – riverbend music center – cincinnati – 7/9/2000 roger waters – verizon wireless amphitheatre – indianapolis – 9/30/2006 roger waters – bridgestone arena – nashville – 6/19/2012
dana gibson i'm getting a ny@ch. i believe your patience will payoff. also, keep up the great work. long live pono.
@eduard, @ian. you were so blesed to attend those floyd concerts. a friend told me it was a high point of his life. i never made it to a pink floyd concert. sigh.
@peter rustin, the matching amp is a neat idea. if pono doesn't do it someone else will. there are plenty of capable people and companies.   we are also going to see modified pono players. have already heard of moddersbeing supporters here. the discrete circuitry probably makes this easier.
@richard wilkins john hamm also had stated that the pre-orders would begin june 1....another source said sometime in june. website thanks were supposed to be up in april. t-shirts and posters "estimated" in june. this would be a nice time for the @creator to give an updated timeline. by the way.....for @richfart i have no interest in getting a t-shirt (or a poster). i pledged for a csny......just want to see when these things are done to get a handle on how long it will be until the players are ready.
you may say that i'm a dreamer, but you know what i would love to see? a headphone amp that is triangular such that it can be placed next to a recumbent pono, and the lines match up to create a geometrically interesting and coherent whole.i'm sure nobody has plans for this, and so there will be my beautiful pono awkwardly plugged in and lying, poor thing, like a lox next to some rectangular piece of gear (leaning to the schiit vali  for use with my fideli x1s and martin logan mikros 90s.  cheap audio rules ok!) too bad the clears are not yet for sale.  i'd love to get one and never use my neil young special edition, but who am i kidding.  of course i'm gonna use it! i cannot wait till december!
@richard, someone else asked the same question yesterday. i think since it is the first physical item that backers are supposed to receive, we should receive an update from @creator before june 30.
eden sounds awesome. going to pick up a copy. i love longer songs that have lots of things going on. listening to king crimson " in the court of the crimson king in dvd-a audio. fripp is great.
has anybody received any of the pono goodies.  t-shirt, poster etc, etc????  june is almost gone!
love talk talk's spirit of eden. i need to dig that out for a listen. i'm currently listening to loving her was easier (than anything i'll ever do again)  by kris kristofferson. what a voice. the list of the many favorites i'd like to hear on my pono continues to grow. had the pleasure of seeing kris live at a very intimate gig last november. also got the chance to meet him and chat for a bit. what an extraordinary guy. lovely man.
working on writing stuff. talk talk spirit of eden is on. brilliant album. first heard it when buying something else at a record shop. the guy behind the counter put it on. 2 minutes into it i walked over to him and said "ok, who is this then?". i could not believe it was talk talk and bought the album immediately. he told me that every time he put the album on the same thing happened. am not surprised. was recorded at 16/44.1 i believe. sounds good to me though. this is that opening track, the rainbow... https://www.youtube.com/watch…
best group live ever. saw them in essen, germany with the original wall performance, i had bought a beer before the show and at the end, had it in my hand still, 2/3 full, (no, i was not under the influence of other substances1), such a great show. saw delicate sound of thunder tour as well, outdoor stadium in rotterdam in the summer, that was great as well.
@doug  saw the last gig the floyd did with waters present. the rest were very humble, not so sure about rw tbh. delicate sound of thunder a good album imho and around that time they were astonishing live. has there ever been a better live band? division bell not  favourite here either. the bass of the 600s is better than he etys, even with the custom moulds - there's more of it, which given the size of the drivers is hardly surprising. @tmh, the fit is a really personal thing obviously - very much depends on the shape of your ears and if the fit doesn't give a really good seal the bass is weak - they say so themselves. get the seal right and the bass is pretty good, isn't overblown but is tight and goes deep and plays tunes. moulds the way to go, but i think that is true of any iem, normal buds don't work well in my ears - they fall out all the time apart from anything else. have had maybe 5 different types of iem over the years and the buds are all an issue for me, hence trying things like comply which are a big improvement on standard buds i reckon. cable microphony reported as a problem with etys, am ok with them on that front myself and i do a lot of walking. have contemplated cable upgrade but somehow never got round to it.
the 800 are 1000 times more comfortable than the 650, and 650 are upgrade of 600. every review i see, says 800 are most comfortable. my 650's were to tight, and i didn't want to bend them. honesty, no comparison . the 800 also sound way better.
doug adams wont go into a waters vs gilmour flame way (there are more than enough forums on the internet to indulge in that).  i see your point, but it is a beautifully recorded album, gilmours vocals are sublime as is rick's keyboard.  pink floyd or not, it is still better than 100% of records released these days (old man talking), and should be a benchmark album for showing off hi res
@ian the senn 600s just have a nice tonal balance. not too bright nor too beatsy. not the best phones i ever heard, thats the stax, but no major weakness. the 600's are so comfortable. from the looks of the 800's, they wouldn't work for me. ear cups are too big and round to wear in bed. 600's are smaller and oval. @tmh, i will get the division bell, but it isn't a favorite. i have a hard time attaching the pink floyd label to it. without rw it is pf lite at best.
ian kendrick yes, the fakes are an issue, fortunately sennheiser have a very complex algorithm that confirms whether they are fakes or not (involving qr codes and holograms) they are expensive here too, although i got mine from dwi international for au$650 (gbp350), and they guarantee authenticity (which was confirmed by the above testing) re the etys, i hated the fit, and when they were in there was no bass.  also, a lot of "noise" from the chord
@doug sorry i thought you meant hd800, not ie800. i have hd800. anyway, the sen ie800 are great too. long live pono. ian what up?
@doug adams @tmh i also just got the sens 800. i first bought the hd650, and they didn't do it. these are the best cans i ever heard. i just got my personal frequency response of my 800's, emailed from sennheiser today. the frequency response is very flat, at 0db.
@tmh ie800s £500 + in the uk, which puts them in some very good company. a friend bought a pair much cheaper from ebay, they turned out to be fake and had a heck of job getting the money back. i listened to them (the fakes) and they were not good - flat as a pancake. which is what started the questioning about whether they were genuine. a cautionary tale. as for the etys, interested in why you hated them?
doug adams have a look at he sennheiser ie800s. i had the etys, and hated them.  then bought a pair of shure 535s, which were fantastic sounding, but as a glasses wearer they weren't great to wear out given the over ear chord..  i recently got the ie800s, and have heard things i have never heard before, even on my iphone!!!  so cant wait to hear them with the pono
just read a review of the 5.1 version of pink floyd's division bell which is due next week if the hi-res version on the disc is as good as the review of the 5.1 says it was it should be great!
@doug if you know anyone with etys or any other iem it should be possible to put a new set of buds on to them to try them out. that way the thing that goes into your ear is clean and fresh and uncontaminated. or at least i would have thought it would be.
@doug  at the risk of kicking off a negative reaction... the triple flanges are reckoned to be second best to the foam circular 'bungs' (for want of a better word) that you also get with the etys. and i think comply make alternatives too. made original for us military helicopter pilots i certainly found them more comfortable. custom moulds are in a class of their own though. for comfort and sound. and hygiene too i think.   ear seal vital with the etys, i find that with the triple flange or the bungs, they are ok for a couple of hours but then start to get a bit uncomfortable. but then that is just with my ears, i can't speak for anyone else. i have 600s too - what is it about their sound that you are looking for? i won't go on any more or i'll get told off.
it is really tough to buy iems. you can listen to any other style of earphones in a store. iems are different. i understand the issue with multiple people sticking them in their ears. wonder if someone like cable co. couldn't start a library. when people return the iems, they would be sterialized, and all the tips would be replaced. i know this is possible because i saw refurbished sony iems in a store.   i would love a pair of iems with a similar sound quality to the sennheiser 600. my sony hybrids aren't bad, but have been considering the etys. worried about the possibly lighter tonal balance and the triple flange plugs deep insertion into the ear.
@mark, not yet. both t-shirts and posters were due to be delivered by the end of this month.  since they are the first actual physical items due to backers, i'm guessing that they will post a status update any day now.
any update on the posters reward being sent out? we are quickly approaching the end of june and i haven't seen anything in the mail.
had a good hunt around. lots on youtube but nothing turing up. found "don't be denied" easily enough but nothing that fits...
and it was filmed at his "ranch"
i believe it was 2002
thanks joe
do you no exact year, date and or where it was done?
if i had the ripping skills, software and hardware i'd post it. that and the fact i'm at a conference florida this week.
i'm also trying to find video.
i've been trying to find the video. if anyone finds it, let me know, guys.
@joe. nope. have not seen it. just guessing....  will have to root it out now though. am intrigued.
@ian your guess if you've seen the video because i could be wrong
my guess was wrong then...  ;o)
looks like it to me, dried...picks it up...fiddles with it a while....drops it....picks it up again several times all the while scratching his nose rubbing his face...if that is what it actually was quite funny. not sure what else it could've been out in the middle of a cow pasture.
@joe, hahahaha. he's playing with poo?
looks like a cow chip...at least that's what they're called in the south.�
typos.... no ability to correct.... yawn...
i would hazard a guess that you could hazard a guess. and i would hazard a guess that the guess you could hazarded  be right...
oh, come on now. someone tell me.
i would hazard a guess that joe would rather not say....
haven't seen it, @joe. what was he playing with?
the harvest dvd audio sounds amazing... if you have it or can get it watch the interview video, i found it pretty amusing. i just hope what he kept picking up an playing with wasn't what i think it was.
i certainly hope harvest is one of the albums on the le! it would be a travesty to leave it off. old man is going to sound goooooooood.
latest catch phrase "more barn!!!'. love it.
@gary the post i put up about recent research into how we humans can hear and are affected by sounds way above 20khz contradicts much of the article. many arguments about all of this are based on an unshakeable belief that we cannot hear above 20khz and even then only very young people can get any where near that high. that belief forms a starting assumption for everything that comes after it. the research is showing that we can hear and are affected by frequencies way above that which cd standard digital can store. it seems we/they have not figured out how we do this yet. is work in progress. it isn't our ears it seems. am watching the space carefully.
@kinch  more barn!! the article mentions classic album sundays. they have these in the uk - us too? take an original vinyl album and play it on a state of the art system. sit and enjoy, then a cup of tea and a natter.  most of them are in london which is 200 miles for me but i really would like to go and have a listen. my local hifi dealer ended up being a customer of mine and i went to his house where he was testing a customer's system. turntable, pre amp, amp, speakers. the darn thing frightened the crap out of me it was that realistic. this was in maybe '85? then he told me how much. £83k. it stays with me. got harvest on 180g vinyl. wonder if it will be one of ny's 2 albums on the le?
cool reality of audio recordings: http://productionadvice.co.uk/its-not-the-format/…
sennheiser momentums aren't perfect, but i haven't had an issue with the bass? strange. i've been listening to my bowers & wilkins c5s a lot more recently. i tend to get burned out on one or the other and switch out periodically. as i've said many times before, i am looking forward to seeing what pono store offers in the way of headphones before i buy anymore. i expect i'll buy another pair when i get my pono. just don't see the point to getting anymore until then.
@kinch. see how you get on with the etys. bear in mind their own advice about making sure you get a really good seal with them otherwise the bass is shy. and they take maybe 15-20 hours to burn in. sound harsh and thin until then.
for those who have been into neil young's music and playfulness for some time, and for those new to the pleasures, this is worth a read. make sure you read both pages: http://www.hifiplus.com/articles/harvest/… @ian i've finally splashed out and ordered the etymotic er-4pt phones. amazon.co.uk have them for £160.00 at the moment.  i've been doing a lot of listening to music via my dx90 on my shure srh840 and on sennheiser momentum over-ears. of the two, the 840s are by far the better, with much more detail. the bass on the momentums can sometimes be over-exaggerated and when it happens it pretty well obliterates the middles and the highs. the shure srh840s are incredible value for what they do.
just backed the moondog ks campaign. the list of people he influenced is amazing. ends in 52 hours, not convinced they will make target though.
@doug @jim  i agree with a lot of what you say. even the plastic casing may have benefits, is a contentious point but some would argue that sonically it is a good thing. discrete components may be very signifiant and the shape of the casing too. i wonder when we will hear of a comparative review of pono and other players?
isaac hayes 'hot buttered soul'.  first captivated by it coming loudly from somewhere while walking the tilted streets of kathmandu in april '71.  incongruous?  no more so than the porridge, lemon meringue pie and peanut butter and jam sandwiches on offer in all the tea shops.  bought the album as soon as i got home and just played that same disc in a dark room.  rich and warm and beautiful.  ain't life a river...........
@doug, couldn't agree more!
i would hate to be a high resolution dap manufacturer when the pono arrives. look at the expertise of ayre in both digital and analog circuitry. they know their stuff and excell in both disciplines. add a super dac chip and a smaller screen. in my experience larger display screens have more noise. this has been discussed before,  but there is still somet. pono is building the analog output stages using discrete components. imho discreet components reproduce more tonal color and the equipment sounds less artificial. don't think any other portable dap has been built this way. pono will rock the industry. margo singing mining for gold is hard to top. would love to hear her do a a song with van morrison. dsotm is easy to find on high res sacd. even found it at b&n. hard to rip, but there are places that will do it for you.
anyone heard about the signed ny posters shipping? it's the last week of june! exciting!
@mom, i know! the lyrics are fantastic. make me think things, you know? ;-)
@o'b, marty balin is great, miracles is fantastic!
@ian, fair play to you.  you may be harder to pin down than a slippery eel, but we got there eventually :)
@redwood - cheers!
thanks for the tips, @mom. i always like what you suggest. :-)
after seeming to create a fred neil frenzy, can i just say that two other low register guys with fabulous talent are: lee hazelwood (with nancy) - some velvet morning isobel campbell & mark lanegan - the circus is leaving town
@ bill omand stepping back 5 hours....... here's a link to the computer audiophile guide to ripping blu-ray: http://www.computeraudiophile.com/content/473-ripping-blu-ray-easy-way/ the article's a couple of years old now and i believe it's a little out of date - read through all the comments and some who've tried it provide updated information re decrypting bd+ discs (i don't have a computer br drive so haven't attempted any ripping personally).
i'll have a listen in the morning jim:-) for now the wife will kick my head in if i don't turn off the light and go to sleep. so long, farewell:-)
and did we not we not agree that luke kelly on "on raglan road"was probably the best male vocalist ever? with all due respects to rory gallagher, van morrison and phil lynott:-) o'boogie it is not fair nor rational to ask a guy to pick a best male rock vocalist. there is only one, and that is rory.
+1 & 1 @ 1 kinch!    but you gotta check out the '8 year old ukrainian girl' singing 'oh darling' in the suggestions alongside bill's recent post.   watch her til she finishes.  unbelievable!    and obviously not in her first language.
this started as best male rock vocalist. now we're all over the joint. haha. still fun to hear favorites. thanks, guys.
not to forget judy collins "judy blue eyes", and stephen on "helplessly hoping", and the man himself, luke kelly "on raglan road".  the latter, as carlsberg might say, "probably the best song ever written".
then again rebecca pidgeon on "spanish harlem" and joni on "river". where's my pono? :-)
best vocalist? that's easy: has to be bonnie raitt "i can't make you love me" or van morrison on "listen to the lion" or "slim slow slider" or "ballerina" or "madame george". or maybe margo timmins of the cowboy junkies on "mining for gold" or "misguided angel".  then again kate and anna mcgarrigle on "heart like a wheel" or "complainte pour ste catherine". then again jane monheit was utter utter magic on the entire of "never never land". if i had to pick, probably mairead ni mhaonaigh and altan on "green grow the rushes" from the "another sky" album. now there's a voice to make a grown man cry. sandy denny "who knows where the time goes?" linda ronstadt "silver threads and golden needles", janis on "bobby mcgee", simon and garfunkel on "kathy's song".? oh yeah!
steve perry - truth :)
two highly underrated rock vocalists: marty balin and steve perry. fact. yes, i am talking to myself.
oh, my god. he also wrote everybody's talkin'. what the hell? how did i not know that?
@ian, it's a great song. absolutely. never heard fred neil's version before today.
when i think of over the top rock god type front men - this guy comes to mind. awesome. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
check out dolphins on the web. beautiful ecology song. one if the best imho.
(i know the song dolphins, but i didn't know who wrote it.)
i feel nuts because i have no idea who fred neil is. well, i do now, but i didn't before. that doesn't happen very often.
fred neil brilliant. i didn't realise for a long time that dolphins was written by him. always knew it as a tim buckley song.
well, i just listened to it, and that is fucking saddest song i've heard in years. he does have a beautiful voice, though.
@mom. typos. sorry.
@mom. think we need to close this? my words were "reckoned up be the market leader for quality daps". is imprecise and probably wrong, although we don't actually know.  peace?
@mom, don't know that one, but christ, it sounds very sad when i read the lyrics. :-(
@mom. fair point and my previous post volunteered my error. i never have a problem saying i've made an error. or that i don't know something. if you can't do that then you can't learn. the other aspect of market leadership is the number if new sales month on month. or quarter on quarter. that can indicate when leadership is changing.
o'b, best vocalist - fred neil - little bit of rain.  and flipper died in his arms.
@ian, the most common defintion of market leading is indeed market share.  however, your use of the term in connection with the ak120 was, i believe, the best dap.  that is why i was careful to define my usage.
@bill, he's a great singer. i don't mean quality of voice (although freddie, my pick, did have a truly quality voice); i just mean who you find to be the best male rock singer. it's all opinion, and it's just a bit of fun.
@ob i'm the same at work :)  so here's another amazing vocal, although he wouldn't be recognized as a great singer, his vocals are so intrinsic with the sound of so many songs i love, and this is a great example of a chilling performance. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
stevie nicks fleetwood mac
@bill, love that vocal from paul. i also love john's don't let me down. nice choice. i'm so effing bored at work right now. hence my attempt at starting a topic. zzzzzzzzzz ...
"hey, evil woman"? :) hmmm, how about a conversation totally in song titles?
@o'boogie tough question with so many choices. here's one of my favorites  - https://www.youtube.com/watch… he leave's it all out there - no holding back.
@rh, i see what you tried to do there. i enjoy reading the back and forth. entertaining shit. :-)
'sall-right o'boogie, just needed the title to douse the squabble, it's "all right now." :)
@rh, best female rock vocal is more difficult for me because i don't like a lot of female rock voices. i'll have to give it some thought. nice choice, @john!
best male vocalist (for me) - jim james of my morning jacket here is a pretty good example of the passion in his voice from this fan shot video with soundboard audio over it from port chester, new york in december 2012. http://youtu.be/v22lovhfmn4
@mom what i will say is that i doubt that the 120 is the market leader by any definition. on that i was wrong. i can't see that it outsells others for revenue/market share or that it is the best available regardless of price. although we don't have any sales numbers so am guessing.
@mom and i fully agree with you that the ak240 is currently the dap with the highest specification and (probably) the best sound.
@mom have just checked on line for definition of 'market leading'. all seem to agree that it is the brand or product with the highest market share, normally expressed as %age of revenues within a particular product category. this concurs with my understanding of the term. if we are talking about daps, then ipod is clearly the market leader. if talking of hi quality daps, then the first thing is to define what a high quality dap is as i said a while ago. i offered that it might be daps that play really hi res files. and i have absolutely no problem with being wrong and will freely admit so when i am. but i don't think i am this time.  perhaps you could show me my error?
mom and ian you are two really great contributors on here, you both agree that the no.1 sounding dap is...  "no need to argue" (the cranberries - best female vocal - o'boogie)
@ian, with respect, we went from market leading daps to highest selling dap.  you have done a lot on here dude but you really don't like being wrong :)
@mom  i would not class the ipod as a high quality dap which is what i thought we were taking about?  it doesn't play really hi res files, no fancy dac and so on.
ozzy!!!
nice one, @rh. i love that one. i struggled because i also love robert plant on since i've been loving you. it literally makes me cry when i sit and listen to it. but freddie wins it for me.
john lennon - twist and shout
our, not out. ffs. :-/
i have nothing to add, but i tend to agree with @mom. meanwhile, i think we should list our picks for best rock vocalist. me: freddie mercury. love of my life and these are the days of out lives are unbeatable. your turn. go!
@mom or macdonald's would become the no.1 restaurant in the world *grin i'm going back to my cave to hunt me a lion steak :) or as neil said: let's get people listening to music (steak) not mp3's (hamburgers). sorry veggies, @ian  just ragging you. you've been a rock on here :)
@ian, i don't understand the logic of rating the market leading dap on numbers sold.  the winner on that basis would be the ipod :)
@mom as i said if you rate it on sound quality and features then the ak240 is a, or even the, market leader, i have no problem with that. if you rate it on numbers sold then i doubt that the ak240 would be considered market leader. is a bit academic to some extent. is a bit like sports cars, do you consider the market leader to be the most expensive, most exclusive and and fastest? or the thing that is classified as a sports car that sells in the highest numbers? am happy for both ways of seeing things.  have said that the only reason i can talk about the ak120 is from experience, fair enough. am very lucky on that count, i recognise that.  how many quality daps are there out there? and what is a quality dap? is it just one that plays hi res? fair questions those. am also at peace with what you say about other daps, although pono is not actually on sale yet. and deliveries don't start until october. things will be different by then, i think we can be sure about that. and if pono goes down the route of sound quality rather than features, and delivers best sound quality, which i hope is the case, then i will love it, when mine arrives. as i keep saying we will have to wait and see. or wait and hear.  ayre are legendary and i have very high hopes, like the rest of us.
ok a little late to the pink floyd conversation but must join in. the highest res tracks i can find are in the immersion box set of dsotm but they're on bluray. i haven't found any other albums out there in any format that are of such high res and nothing for download. need it. can bluray audio tracks be ripped?
@ian, what you said about the ak120 was, "it is reckoned to be the market leader for quality daps".  in what way would the ak240 not be the market leader (aside from you not owning it)?  a&k describe it as the "ultimate".  you post often and with an air of authority.  i think many people on here look to you for expertise.  to err is human dude, even for you. pono is already competing on price.  the other daps around that price point have an inferior dac, the ibasso moves to a similar dac to the pono by adding another $500 to the price.  i looked at the features and specifications of most daps before going with the pono. the comparative lack of features may be more than offset by the superior acoustics.  none of the other dap maunfacturers comes close to a partnership with a firm like ayre acoustics.
mike oldfield - amarok (i love this album!) http://youtu.be/tcb3i83oelc
@ian kendrick  ak240 retail in canada 2699.00 cnd.
metallica - black album
@mom refresh on the price of the a&k 240 - is around £2200 in the uk now - $3750 us.
@mom yep am aware of the ak240 and if judged on the way you suggest then it would be market leader. it isn't affordable to any but the most affluent though. and in the uk is way more than $2500. make that £ and you would be nearer the mark. a&k have just done a major revamp on the 100 and 120 - bigger memory, bigger screens, dac upgrades and so on. pono is defeatured compared with many other players on the market, so must compete either on price, sonics, or both i think. and brand, which is established already in some ways. pono will be cool, hopefully. have said elsewhere that the dac may be one of its uniques - in terms of sound which will be the only real measure of its value. we'll just have to wait and see on that front. as for competing on price - dangerous territory. the mass manufacturing abilities of anyone these days will make the production of high quality players easy and other manufacturers have a lot of experience under their belt already. as i understand it, there are already competitively priced players out there. the a&k120 is 4 times the price of pono, their 'budget 100 is still maybe 3 times the price. but they are also dacs, have bluetooth, bigger storage and so on to justify (to some) their price differential. pono will, hopefully, change the price points for entry players with great sound quality that just store and play music. nothing wrong with that - is more or less all i use my own player for. the fancy features rarely get used. don't get me wrong - i am still confident about pono, make no mistake. but i think the way that it will compete, and potentially win, will be different and not necessarily focussed on the player.
the who who's next.
peter rustin assuming they have all albums, the wall.  but as per my previous email, i don't think they will have it. i am hoping, having forked out $800 for pono players, that there are no geographical restrictions on who can buy from the music store.  i went to buy an album from acoustic sounds on the weekend, and got to the end to be told they only sell albums to the united states.  that would piss me off
let's play a game, ponopals (tm)!! irrespective of what you already have ripped, what single record/set will you buy first from the pono store? for me: london calling. go!
you do have good taste, mom. i may have mentioned this before. good to see you around again. your presence is a good thing. :-)
a few strange and offensive posts by our neighbourhood troll, whose moniker does not need another mention.  it seems very easy to behave like a playground bully on a forum - very cowardly behaviour in my view. wywh is my favourite by a distance for a number of reasons that are hard to articulate at present, it's just big for me. my understanding of betamax vs vhs is that betamax lost essentially because vhs machines were cheaper than betamax. @ian the a&k 120 is not reckoned to be the market leader for quality daps, even by a&k.  if you define market leader by perceived quality or cost, the a&k 240 trumps it on both at ~$2,500. where the pono might deal such daps a serious blow, in my view, is the inclusion of ayre acoustics' technological nous at the pono price point.  if the pono is as good as i think it may be, a&k and quite a few others will be in a quality per dollar war they cannot win.  see vhs vs betamax.  the addition of the pono site and high quality downloads with references from the majority of record labels may persuade a huge number of music lovers to go with the pono.  neil and co. have done a great job already, the enormity of their future achievements may even surprise them.
doug adams floyd wont be in the pono mousic store.  acoustic sounds will be the sole distributor. plus, roger waters doesnt like neil anymore after he played in israel
skip that bit about birth of mp3 - is more complex than that. :o)
jeepers i wish you could edit things...
@doug elcassette was ¼ inch tape in an oversize cassette. convenience of cassette, quality of reel to reel. battleship engineering. very nice. when philips introduced digital compact cassette we were all flummoxed - you couldn't get digital onto cassette - not enough bandwidth. then they explained the compression techniques - pasc - precision adaptive sub coding (as i recall?). very clever, used the way that loud sounds mask quiet ones and removed the quiet ones. we were blown away by the cleverness of it. and, basically, mp3 was born. was weird because the same machines would play back normal compact cassettes and digital compact cassettes. didn't last, no tape medium ever would. including dat, which was proper. i still have there minidisc decks here - two full width hifi ones - a low end and a high end one. the high end a lovely thing. and a portable. must ebay them...
@ian, never saw an elcassette player in person. wasn't it reel to reel tape in a giant cartridge?  would love to play with one. sony forced us to order minidisc players. took forever to close the car units out. between partnering with philips, and the nintendo/playstation split up, there is not a lot of love for sony by other japanese companies. the walkman was huge. we might not have the pono player without it.
@doug never thought i'd do a vhs vs betamax thing here. as i recall, betamax heads rotated faster - so better picture quality (much better), the tape moved more slowly, so longer playing times (3 and ¾ hours i think after the first tapes that you describe?) and the transport would drop from fast forward and rewind straight into play mode. and the tapes were smaller, so less room on the shelf. none of which really mattered when what you wanted was pre-recorded movies and vhs had that cornered. sony tried over and over to set a standard. elcassette was great bit failed, minidisc was great but failed. they partnered with philips for cd, but the ip was all with philips. shame really as it was sony that brought us the concept of the walkman at the specific request of the chairman, akio morita.
@ian, store i worked at sold first betamax in town. then we sold the first vhs ( jvc). the beta recorded/played back 1 hour per tape. jvc did 2 hours. we kept thinking sony would match the play time. they took forever. game was over. movies killed beta. amazed sony didn't see that coming. don't see pono being comparable to beta. unless everything moves to streaming and pono misses it. go pono go!
@doug, i like the wall, too, but wywh is just big to me for lots of reasons. have you heard gilmour's live in gdansk? if not, check it. truly astonishing stuff.
@john, looked at the immersion sets when they were intrduced. heart sank when "the wall" blu-ray was nonexistant. already had hi-res sacds of dsotm and wywh. if you have sacd capability,  roger waters "in the flesh" is a great album. it is not a hybrid disc. there is no cd layer. without special sacd ripping equipment i won't be able to play these on the pono. oh well.
@all the floyd... got dark side and wywh on remastered vinyl and sacd. both sound great. saw them at their very last gig, which they dedicated to syd. was good to see the rest of them back together for one last time. and... in 1984 i was hosting the first radio show in the uk to play purely from cd. i realise that this may make me the spawn of the devil for this community... but the very first track on the very first show was welcome to the machine... in the studio we had a very very nice revox cd player and a meridian mcd pro for use at home. both sounded very good indeed. the switchboard went bonkers - optimod was turned off and it showed just how good fm really was. and still is if it is allowed to be,. way ahead of dab or internet radio.
@tjc @all.... betamax as a pono comparison. is an interesting one. betamax was better than vhs (and video 200) technically - in 4 ways compared with vhs. it lost because the software wash't available and to a good extent because of the curious timing of the relaxation of usa porn laws. sad, but true. allegedly. the infrastructure was around vhs - people did not really care about the technology, they just wanted to watch movies - the device was just a way to play them. jvc figure that out, sony didn't. well, not in time anyway. fast forward (groan) to today and pono. the software, as tjc says is standard so that ins't an issue, but there is other infrastructure that pono has access to that isn't necessarily obvious but that has huge potential for it. the betamax analogy is not redundant. and pono isn't the betamax this time around. as for talking about other players, the only one i think i have mentioned is the a&k 120. for a few reasons - it is reckoned to be the market leader for quality daps, costs 4 times (ish) the price of pono, and shows what hi res sounds like. and just how good 16/44.1 can sound with a decent dac/headphone amp. and it is the only his res player i have actual experience of.
sorry for the double post. this site hates my tablet. long live pono music.
doug, i can't wait for that remastered amused to death by roger waters! i think we spoke/typed about this a month or two ago...
i got the immersion deluxe box sets of wish you were here and dark side of the moon when they came out a couple of years ago. they include versions on blu-ray as well as remastered cd's. the only reason my brother and i didn't purchase the wall immersion box set was because they didn't include a blu-ray version...kind of dumb on their part. we would have both plunked down $149 for it!
@o'boogie, i love "wish you were here". when the acoustic sounds wywh sacd was announced a few years ago, i bought two copies. one gets played often. the other is a safety copy and has never been opened. roger waters "amused to death" is shipping soon.  i like this album, but  love wywh. hoping for "the wall" and would love a new floyd album.
@o'boogie, i love "wish you were here". when the acoustic sounds wywh sacd was announced a few years ago, i bought two copies. one gets played often. the other is a safety copy and has never been opened. roger waters "amused to death" is shipping soon.  i like this album, but  love wywh. hoping for "the wall" and would love a new floyd album.
here's some vhs or beta, a louisville, kentucky based band. http://youtu.be/a2l7f3hkcu0 http://youtu.be/vy7cypqjsbw http://youtu.be/5nyb6oc3yv4
@tjc, i don't think there is any way the pono music player can be a betamax. it doesn't use a proprietary format like beta did. if pono only made one batch of players and never opened the music store, the player would still work. flac & wav files are every where. they don't require pono at all. you can even rip your own music to flac or wav. in the us, beta is considered a failure. many people are unaware that beta won in many other countries. can't you run w8 in an older compatibility mode to work with your player? if not buy an old xp computer. i have seen them for $25. doesn't have to be fast for music ripping and down loading. thanks
@kinch i would not necessarily agree that ponoplayer ver. 2 should have bluetooth and wifi. only reason i would like bluetooth is to communicate with the newer wireless headsets. should pono and other dap makers go down the route of trying to stream 96khz, 192khz or higher res streams via wifi or bluetooth with technology presently and generally available, they will more than likely generate a lot of grief for themselves and especially for their customers. they said originally no streaming then promoted the update 32 obviously wrongly that said it would stream it would be nice too if ponomusic would give us an update on what is actually going on. proper and real communication would inspire more informed chat among the backers and the wider public. definitely agree with you here
i'd love to see some pink floyd in the pono music store. wish you were here remains a favorite.
@carlos here are some more words you can use from this site to help you describe pono http://coolestwords.com/alphabetical abrogation aeon aether agglomeration airhead alacrity algebraic amazeballs amethyst anachronism anathema anatidaephobia antediluvian antidisestablishmentarianism arbiter arbitrary archetype archipelago archon asphyxiate australopithecus awesomazing awesomeness awesomesauce awesometacular axiom balderdash bamboozle bashful bawsome beastyness beeves bellicose benediction berate betwixt bodacious bonkers boondoggle braw brigadier brobdingnagian brobdingnagian brotastic brummagem bumbershoot bumfluff caddywampus cadywampus callipygian cantankerous capybara cataclysm celerity censorious chillax chimera chimerical chlorophyll chrome citadel cleave clishmaclaver comeuppance comfiness confuzzled convoluted copacetic cornucopia cryptic cudgel decimate defenestrate defenestration deliquesce delirious didactic discombobulated discombobulated doh dongle doppleganger drawkcab ebb effervescent effervescent elixir elysium empyrean enigma ennui ennui enticement entity epalpebrate ephemera epidemic equilibrium equilibrium equinox eradicate erinaceous espionage evanescent evasion evasive exasperated exquisite fabulosity factotum fantabulous fantasterrific flabbergast flabbergasted flagellum flibbertigibbet flibbertigibbet floccinaucinihilipilification fluffalufapotamus foogle frippery fuggetaboutit fusion g gangnam gargantuan geil genesis giraffatitan glabella gobbledygook gossamer gowk halcyon hamboning harbinger hegemon hellacious hemidemisemiquaver heyro! hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia hobnob hoi polloi hooligan hootenanny horsefeathers hyacinth hydrangea hysteria impunity incognito inevitable innervate inveiglement joshing juggernaut juxtaposition kakorrhaphiophobia kerfuffle kerfuffle kibitz koolio labotomy lackadaisical lacuna lexicon logophile ludicrous lugubrious lutraphobia maelstrom magnanimous magnimopus majuscule malevolent malicious malign matryoshka megalomania megrim mellifluous meninges möbius mondayitis monoglot monolith mononymous namby pamby negative nemesis nexus ninjury nom nomenclature noumenon obelisk obfuscation obliteration oblivion octogenarian oculus officious omnipotent omniscience onomatopoeia oobleck ostensibly ototoxic overture paintrain palindrome pandemonium panglossian paradigm paradox paragon paragon pavilion peccadillo peculiar pejorative penumbra petrichor petrichor phantasmagorical philtrum phobophobia phubbing piqued pith pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis pogonophobia polyglot pootle poppysmic pragmatic prepossessing prestidigitation progenitor prolix propaganda psychobabble psychosis pulchritudinous pwnsome quixotic rachet radical radii recidivism recidivist recoil redemption redonkulous reflux requiem requiem rhetorical riparian rocktacular rococo sabotage sagacious salacious scandalitis scarlet scav schadenfreude schism schmoodle scintillating scrutinize selcouth sempiternal sexlicous shananigans shenanigan shizzap shmowzow shnizzle simtastic skuxx slake sloom smorgasbord snaztastic snazzy snollygoster soliloquy somber somnambulant southpaw spelunking stat steezy stricken supercalifragilisticexpialidocious supercilious superfluous superspecialness swag swag syntax syzygy tantastic terribad thraldom thundersnow toats tokamak totalitarianism trifecta triquetra twee ultracrepidarian unwonted upheaval velodrome vengeance verisimilitudinous vermilion vindictive visceral vivacious vivify voodoo wack waggle weaksauce wherewithal whilst winsome withershins wonky xenogenesis xenophobia xerothermic xoana y.o.l.o yeperdoodle yinz zeitgeist zenith zephyr zyzzyva
friend sent a disc picked up at a brit pink concert. i am amazed at how much they sound like the real floyd. they are talented musicians. would love to see them try an album of original music. would love to see pink floyd on pono music. they have always produced great  sound quality. the pono message matches up well.
@ian top ten innovations would be better, of course it remains to be seen if they make 2014 likely the 2015 list would be a better place. and agree that the latter may prove to make a difference. time will tell lets keep fingers crossed.
@wc just looking for newer music player, this might be it but it may also just be like the beta max flash in the pan. current music player's software does not run on windows 8 software so i cant load any more music to it. doesn't work on apple either. ian has pointed out several alternatives that i am looking at as well,  however the money is spent on this and i can only hope it is more than another of neil's interests that change over time.  i don't consider something i pay for a gift. and while i listen to some of his music don't have neil in the idol category that many supporters do. and i did see him perform live once back on a little farm in upstate new york in august 1969 but don't remember much of his performance seemed like he only played a few songs with csn on that weekend.
@carlos way cool @o'boogie way way way cool,...,,,,,
@carlos. yeah, no, coolll...
i think it is cool that cool things are cool, and cool people stay cool, even when others are cool at them.  yes pono is way cool, and wolf blitzer & cnn know it's all cool, because he knows that no one is cooler than neil young.  neil young is so cool that he might be our only and last hope to fight global warming. don't be a fool, stay cool...like neil, way cool! https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@kinch  +1 from me. once comments start to get personal they are unacceptable in every forum i know. rising to  a personal comment doesn't help, just escalates things. we don't have moderators here so have to do it ourselves, the best way we can.
@o'boogie, that is totally unacceptable. no question that tjc was unaverse to starting a flame-fest. however, wc's response to the comments made by tjc today were very over the top.
@kinch, there is no "alleged" about it. he called me a dog yesterday and suggested i get hit by a bus. there has never been a trollier troll.
@wc please ease up a bit. being nasty only makes it unpleasant for everyone. feeding a troll (an alleged troll?) is like feeding an alligator. it only makes for a bigger alligator.
"we don't need no stinking streaming!" actually, i don't need no stinking streaming...or wifi, or bluetooth! i don't carry around a fancy telephone by choice. i prefer to stay in contact with the rest of the world on my terms, and i like to be isolated at times. at present, i use a very small, very cheap mp3 player...until my pono music player comes. (i usually only play wav files...not mp3 anymore.) so...who cares about bluetooth or wifi!?! that's not what we pledged money for. if i want one of those "devices" that will "connect" me, i will purchase one. "good day, sir! i said good day!"
@tjc says, flac is not new i have thousands of hi res flac recordings this is not a new invention it is a new marketing concept to sell hi res music. will it make me spend money on their site not likely i am happy with my collection and can't afford to throw it out and start over. " tjc, why in the heck did you support this project then?  quit bitching and buy something else if pono gives you a rash! oh and who gives a crap about how many hi res flacs you have.  i don't.  go ahead and buy more hi res flacs.  we don't care.  have a nice day. :)
i wish pono's updates were a bit more informative and less patting themselves on the back. meanwhile the '2-3 weeks' for the transition to ponomusic.com has passed by with nothing happening. kindof dissapointing.
@tjc, you don't have a clue about neil young's vision.  you are a troll who has no idea about neil's gift that he will be giving.  a product that will be more affordable for everyone that enjoys hearing great music.  save your negativity until the device comes out.
i do wish this autocorrect would not do things without me wanting it....  and you can't even bold or italic things. so...  "that may seem trivial now but may in the longer run be sent to have been significant."   'sent' should be 'seen'. is obvious really.
@tjc  there may be some things about it that are inventive - the dac particularly, but other than that is an entry in a pre existing category called daps as far as i can see. it is innovative in some ways though, that may seem trivial now but may in the longer run be sent to have been significant. actually, now that i think about it, the very fact that the piece calls it an invention gives away the shallowness of the piece. had it been 'top 10 innovations' then it would have been more appropriate. that's because i am confident that there is more going on than just the player and the music store. the latter being bigger than the former, the pair being part of a bigger picture. and had it been launched a few years back when neil y first touted it and was publicly laughed at then it would/could/should have been so much more. but the piece is shallow. nevertheless i am confident that pono is well placed to do well for everyone. us lot included. more attention needed in several areas i agree, but we are in that limbo land between ks campaign ending and delivery commencing.
@all what if anything puts pono in an invention category? as ian points out several players that do more than pono. guess it's all just poor journalism hearsay.
@redwood @kinch. fully agree about the journalism and #32. i have a few streaming systems and anything above 48khz across bluetooth has dropouts, anything above 96khz the same on wifi. only exception to this is the arcam rcube which has its own wifi dongle and seems to stream everything perfectly. i suspect it is downsampling, but not sure... have installed devolo kit to get high bandwidth using the mains as an ethernet carrier. works perfectly for hd tv streaming movies and 24/192 audio too
@ redwood correction: when i say 'it is so much more than that', i meant that it plays many more formats than that!
for all the bluetooth fans, i quote from pono update #2, dated 13th march 2014, responding to questions asked: 9. q: " does the ponoplayer use bluetooth? "     a: " no bluetooth. audio over bluetooth is not suitable for high resolution. " i also believe the cnn statement re streaming audio is just sloppy journalism (as others have mentioned) - a number of other articles have described the pono player as "an mp3 player" when it is so much more than that; a lot of these journalists do not have a proper grasp of the situation/terminology - they're just living in an apple-centric universe.
@tjc while i'd agree that as an update "update no 32" is another waste of time, opportunity and bandwidth, i would not necessarily agree that ponoplayer ver. 2 should have bluetooth and wifi. many of the excellent daps out there now e.g. ibasso dx90 and fiio x5 have neither bluetooth nor wifi but function marvellously as hires players. the dx90 also functions really well as a dac on windows machines, macs to follow later apparently. i don't know about the x5 and its dac capabilities. streaming hi-res via wifi on a squeezebox can give dropouts. 48khz works fine. streaming anything higher works best using ethernet. should pono and other dap makers go down the route of trying to stream 96khz, 192khz or higher res streams via wifi or bluetooth with technology presently and generally available, they will more than likely generate a lot of grief for themselves and especially for their customers. better to get things right with players that do what is said on the tin: play hires music beautifully. if they can do that, yeehah. it would be nice too if ponomusic would give us an update on what is actually going on. proper and real communication would inspire more informed chat among the backers and the wider public.
@peter rustin of course the cnn article is imprecise actually it is an out right lie. it's kind of comical that the creator would have posted it would of made more sense to post an update as to the progress of the project rather they posted a article to  advertise this pono player i backed this thing day one not sure what @wc has a clue about but this project is about selling music for money nothing else. i know that a lot of neil young fans would jump off a bridge if neil told them to do that and that would be great except then we wouldn't have over 18000 backers anymore flac is not new i have thousands of hi res flac recordings this is not a new invention it is a new marketing concept to sell hi res music. will it make me spend money on their site not likely i am happy with my collection and can't afford to throw it out and start over. will others you bet they will if this concept takes off people will buy like crazy and they will make more money than they will no what to do with it. will they sell more pono players maybe but likely they will look different in version two as the public won't like the design they will be more compact have bluetooth and wifi included and be offered in colors like blue that people ask for. this version of pono is what it is as they are already sitting in a warehouse with the shirts and posters waiting to ship.
@tjc i heard john hamm in his santa monica appearance say that pono would not be streaming via bluetooth. period. i think the cnn article was imprecise.
had my first audiophile friend ask about pono. he isn't a huge fan of headphones ( hasn't listened to a pair in years), but wants to hear my pono player. i almost have him convinced. pono is working. give pono a chance, it takes time.
@wc perfect. long live pono.
@tjc needs some tlc because tjc has no clue about pono.
@rustin  certainly the creators and cnn wouldn't just make up things would they? definition of streaming  noun 1. a method of transmitting or receiving data (especially video and audio material) over a computer network as a steady, continuous flow, allowing playback to proceed while subsequent data is being received. so the question will be is how are they going to hook to the network? via 1 wifi from a router  2 bluetooth from a nearby cell phone 3!hard wired number 2 seems most likely and likely the cheapest imagine the bluetooth chip can be added in with little or no impact on manufacture. the hit of course will be battery life but nobody really expects to walk around with these anyhow do they. and as long as they are going to stream the music with bluetooth maybe the output can also be bluetooth. sadly these are probably already manufactured and sitting in some warehouse ready to ship but they are waiting on the store to be ready so they can rake in the real money on this project and that is selling of the music.
was that an update?
@creator we are patiently for the complete pono specs.
heck they got 6 million from us they might even add bluetooth
@tjc @rustin what's the matter with you please stop with the questions and just blindly believe in this like the rest of us. the creator posted the link it said streaming so it must be so.
time for more kool aid
the article is sloppily written. the pono is not going to be streaming music as we understand that term unless they have made some radical changes and how it is constructed, and i strongly doubt that.
when i saw number 32, i got excited, and thought the store might be up and running. sadly, it was just an update about a cnn article.  hopefully, there will be some substantive news soon.
@siltech #32 seems to just be about being nominated as 1 of 10 top inventions for 2014...
wow so now they say it will stream music great new feature
post from ponohttp://www.cnn.com/interactive/2014/06/tech/cnn10-inventions/…
check out new pono update . it came up 21 minutes ago.
oboogie didn't call you a dog i said you reminded me of a puppy i had i like dogs have had quite a few. problem with some dogs is they just yap yap yap all day. he didn't  yap after the bus incident.
@ian kendrix well agree you need the bass just don't need to rattle the house just solid sound. i have three subs one 18 inch standalone with separate amp and the others are 15 inch built into these off brand speakers a guy named drew kaplan was selling may have been made by bsr anyhow they allowed separate woofer inputs along with another 8 inch mid and two pair of 4 inch mids and them two separate tweeters two variable crossover knobs on back to fine tune them may not be as high end as some but sound great at times i do have some other tweeters i add as well driving them with a pair of pioneer sa9900 amps one for the woofers and one for the rest and when i put up the tweeters i have a koss amp that i don't think was ever marketed pretty sure it was custom built to demo their headphones i have it in storage right now so not sure if it even has a model number but sound is  crystal clear
@ian kendrick remember paul rodgers with bad company. that band was pretty good. @o'boogie cool.
community, is there any place i can check on what phase they are at? i'm hearing nothing about the product ever since update#31 told us it will be distributed as scheduled.
@siltech, thanks, man. will do. :-) llp
@siltech i enjoy music for very large parts of my day and have said before that it is what it makes you feel that is important, so i agree with that. btw picked up the paul rodgers album. is good enough in its own right, the magic of rodgers, kirke, kossof and fraser is long gone though. they were so tight and together. don't know what age rodgers is but he is in very good condition.
@o'boogie just ignore it
@ian kendrick i talked to a krell tech expert, in the past. he says its for bandwidth and harmonics. the feel, man. just enjoy the music. long live pono
so the comical bit here is you are calling me a dog? is that it? well, that says all i need to know about you and your tiny brain. buh-bye, you sad thing.
@tjc is a bit alice in wonderland. curiouser and curiouser. yesterday a new subwoofer arrived, as part of a reshuffle involving my daughter in law moving in to her first house - she got the old sub, we get a new one  :o) the effect on the system is that everything sounds more open, not just the bass below about 80hz. same with super tweeters - they make the bass sound better too, as well as the high end. i think we have a looonnnggg way to go before we understand this stuff. email is now with the magazine, awaiting their response. is well known about dogs and their hearing. had dogs since i was a kid and they have lots of senses that we don't. at the risk of getting all misty eyed, i tend to go along with henry beston from his book the outermost house “we patronize the animals for their incompleteness, for their tragic fate of having taken form so far below ourselves. and therein we err, and greatly err. for the animal shall not be measured by man. in a world older and more complete than ours, they are more finished and complete, gifted with extensions of the senses we have lost or never attained, living by voices we shall never hear. they are not brethren, they are not underlings; they are other nations, caught with ourselves in the net of life and time.”
@ian i agree and have feel the high frequency has more effect than low frequencies. any time i feel i need for better sound i have added tweeters bass seems to get the bottom feeders jumping but who wants to jump sit back and relax. let's hope that pono can deliver funny how they still refuse to release any specs. oh and by the way the dogs respond to higher frequency as well in case anyone wants to know hope that was nice enough
@all   can we hear above 20khz or not? we had a lot of stuff in this comments section about whether or not you can hear above 20khz and whether hi res was just a con. with some very strongly held and opposing views. i mentioned briefly about an article in july hifi world magazine, by tony bolton. he has been following research into whether we can hear above 20khz, if so how, and what effect does it have on us? i will restate my position which is that i cannot explain but i know that the addition of super tweeters that go up to 40khz and beyond makes a difference. my acid test is whether jayne, my partner notices it when things have changed. i took the super tweeters out of the system and she complained after a few minutes about why it sounded worse without knowing that any change had taken place. anyhow... tony bolton has been following lines of research into this for some time and quotes tests by caltech that identify components way above 20khz from all sorts of thing from the voice to most instruments. he further quotes an aes  paper that shows that although we cannot identify ultrasonics, we are aware of them and respond to them. h goes on to describe tests that have been conducted to understand how low frequency component (lfc - up to 22khz) and high frequency component (hfc - above 22khz) affect brain activity and, if they do, how does it happen. the results seem to indicate that hfc on its own did not produce any difference, but that lfc and hfc combined did. measurements included brain electrical activity and regional cerebral blood flow (rcbf). measurements indicate that hfc and lfc together, increased rcbf in left thalamus and brain stem, compared with just lfc. psychological evaluation of the subjects showed that lfc with hfc were felt as 'more pleasant'. the conclusion to the abstract of the research paper is "these results suggest the existence of a previously unrecognised response to complex sound containing particular types of high frequencies above the audible range.". just how we 'hear' these sounds remain something of a mystery. is not the ear it seems. we need to search elsewhere. some ideas include the skin (the biggest organ in our body as i recall), others think it may be our eyes - recent research in another area indicates that as well as rods and cones we have a third set of sensors that sense time, so there could be other sensors that we have not yet found. the notion about the eyes is that we all experience music differently in a dark room where the eyes are not processing lots of visual data. tony ends by asking anyone who has any research information to get in touch. will be following this as it feels important to me. finally, tony points to a research paper in this space, from the journal of neurophysiology: "inaudible high-frequency sounds affect brain activity: hypersonic effect". here is the url: i have quoted from tony's article and not reproduced it as i am very wary of copyright issues. i think that the work tony bolton is doing is important. the arguments that were bandied back and forth on this ks comments section were not well informed by any scientific tests other than those that assumed only the ear hears. i have always doubted this. one of the findings is that even those with impaired hearing are affected by ultrasonics. the magazine is hifi world july 2014. the article is on page 71. i have looked on line and cannot find anything. i have emailed tony to make contact with him and start a dialogue. hats off to the man. http://jn.physiology.org/content/83/6/3548
@boog but that dog got ran over by the school bus and grandma made stew so we had to get another one
wow. you're so cool. hahahaha. bless your heart.
@tjc nice puppy woof woof
@boogie not sure what you mean sure do miss the dog though here is picture
how i spent my summer: re-ripping all my cd's into lossless.  that's 14,000 + songs!
i'm going to turn this car around right now....
@siltech, you are so funny. @dana, bless your heart. i hope you get your poster soon before you have some kind of emotional breakdown. seriously, man. you'll be ok.
@tjc, is there any particular reason you have to act like such a jackass? i just don't understand your problem. must be tough being you.
@dana dream on about the shirts and what don't you like about the boogie face kind of reminds me of a puppy i had. @richheart was that nice enough?
@siltech. my signed ny poster is in vegas?  that sucks.  i want it at my house!!
@richard my bet is in vegas.
where is my poster?
sprout.... am hovering. but also on the moondog ks. am a big fan of moondog and all that he did. i knew he was influential, but no idea just how so.  the film they are making about him and his life looks great, am definitely going to back it in some way. decision, decisions....
i just ordered a ps audio sprout, from kickstarter.
@ian kendrick paul's new royal sessions recording and songs, are really good. if your a fan, i'm sure you'll enjoy. also, once again the hd800 are incredible. this is the sound i enjoy. take care.
@siltech   great that the hd800s sound so good. at the risk of upsetting a few folk, i am not really impressed by my 600s. they sit on a stand unused for more or less all of the time. they might be on their way to ebay. wonder how the 800s will sound after being burned in? paul rodgers... been wondering about his latest album. free one of my favourite bands, a perfect mix. i have fire and water sacd version amongst a lot of other stuff on vinyl and cd. kossof, one of the very best guitarists that ever walked the planet imho. fewest notes, greatest feeling, taught and tight and sparse. still missed. but after free i never really thought rodgers found his mark again, although still one of the greatest vocalists. what do you think of the new album?
welll....i almost said that....but i've already used that.....and it wouldn't be nice. whoops.....i said i was done.....well now i'm done.
@dana gibson eat a bug.      ha ha...kidding
look @richhart what i post is neither nice nor not.....it's just the facts, ma'am. since i don't really think what you guys post is interesting or particularly nice i'll ignore you and not post anything else.....i'd rather get an update on this project from someone that knows what they're talking about though.....
i just tried my new sennheiser  hd 800, and the sound is incredable. the total non harsh clarity, depth, and sonics are awesome. the hd 650 are good, but these are from another world. these made me very very happy. now i'll break them in. the comfort is also great. just sharing my joy, while listening to paul rodgers latest release. long live pono
@richheart i see your post for ps audio sprout, on kickstarter. i see you got your 230volt version out there. i think i'll get one of the 200 international ones, before there gone. it looks like your getting one.
@richheart @ ian i swich my 2 week old hd650, and got hd800. i'm going to use the hd800, as my reference cans for home stereo. i'll do the logical thing and wait for my pono player. i'll then see what is best for the player. all of us will no all the specs, at that time. i can buy cans for the player, according to its output specs. it makes sence to match cans with pono, so no external amp needed. i think this is what pono is all about, simplicity. thanks, your posts helped tremendously. good luck on your systems synergy.
perhaps........mmmmmmmm
@siltech would perhaps be the headphone amp you were after :)
@richheart interesting........yesterday, i called ps audio. i asked why sprout was only in us, from kickstarter. they put me on hold, and no real answer. i then called my owner friend at toronto home of audiophile. i asked him to call ps audio, and he got same result. i then emailed ps audio ceo paul mcgowan, and asked him why only us. he replied my email and said they'll work on it. and today done. i suppose they got a few complaints from customers. i'm thinking, just for fun of getting a sprout. i love all kinds of gadgets. take care, mr " bean "
btw the ps audio has opened up an international sprout. am i spamming? i don't think so. significantly, no one can drop their pledge here in favour of another project.. done and dusted.
ian, do you have a krell screwed to the fuel tank? :)
ah... harley davidson, the best noise in all of bikedom. how do you impersonate a harley at tick over? just say potato potato potato over and over. there's a buell x1 lightning millennium edition in the garage here. tuned 1200 harley motor in a sports chassis. i could go on...
@ian and @siltech portable super audiophile gear. bentley have a deal with naim, krell installed on harley davidson perhaps? :)
that was supposed to be a winking emoticon. iphone crashed instead...
@siltech. report please!  on possibly the most expensive headphone amp in the group. �
@siltch i(a)nkrellible :)
@ian @ richheart thanks for your reply. i checked with krell , and they said max output voltage is 2 volts rms. this is perfect for my new cans. once again, thanks.
@rh  nicely said, young man. :-)
@dana and @tjc think of something nice to say, about pono or about whatever subject is being discussed on here. then type it, look at it, think: "yeah, that's a nice thing to write. i'll do that again tomorrow. what a great feeling!"
aaarrgghhh typos. me/be no way to....
@siltech @rich. should me no way to cause damage as long as volume down to begin with. suck it and see as rich says.  meanwhile another hifi mag has reviewed the hugo. jeepers that thing looks good. stupid price though. and... same mag had an article about recent research suggesting that we have a facility to hear outside of ear's spectrum. we don't currently understand how it works they say. will read, mark, learn and inwardly digest. and then put a proper post up about it. may be old news to other folks here?
@siltech :) "funnier than mr bean", is a bigger compliment than you could possibly realise. thank you. one day on pm i could tell you why. meanwhile, you made my day :) the krell, extra pre-out into headphones is definitely worth a try. the voltage should be right, just make a cable, turn the volume down before connecting the phones (to zero) and then turn it up gradually. you should get distortion free sound, but if distortion does start, at relatively low volumes, there is obviously some mismatch that i didn't foresee.
i can see where the pono player might be delayed by 6 months....but the t-shirts and posters should go out on time.....c'mon @creator.....give us an update....show that @tjc that he's wrong....put a smile on o'boogie's face
what about showing us progress made on the... ponoplayer ui ? i don't know. i hope people get their t-shirts and posters. :d
oh, good. tjc is back to moan. excellent. tops off a perfectly crap day.
@dana you don't really expect anything on time figure six month or so
@ dana yes, csn has a site. i believe csny is only for box sets.
@ david d great article! the rating system for hi res audio ... interesting.
so............has anyone gotten their signed poster yet? how about a t-shirt? i know, i know it's an estimate.tired of signing those posters yet, neil....you knew you should have limited them to 500.
@lisa amazon has the blu-ray for 38.04....bn only has cd's. by the way....the stuff i posted about the csny site turns out to be csnydeluxe.com. the normal csny.com site has some other pages.
@ kyle "you can find the hfnrr pono article on the pp.org site under the 'pono in the press' forum." which article is it on the pp.org site under the 'pono in the press' forum? @ ian good to see the pono in the whathifi article! @ dana i will go with blue-ray! "i wish the ponomusic page would just be updated to show there will eventually be a store." yes, they are quite. nothing since june 1! i wish @ creator would give a update every few weeks! has anyone received a signed poster or backer t shirt? when will the store open? what's happening out there in ponoland?!!! sorry, don't mean to sound impatient :-)
@richheart your funnier than mr bean. i thought i could use my new headphones on home system too. i bought headphones specifically for pono player. now since my preamp doesn't have headphone jack, i use preout. i would leave one of my adaptive cables connected on preamp. therefore, all i have to do is plug headphones in cable, same as headphone amp. my preamp would have crystal clean, variable class a output. this preout isn't being used at the moment. also, i would need a expensive headphone amp, to be better. thanks and just kidding about mr bean.
@siltech are you planning to fix the krell to the pono and carry it around? :) i can't remember which krell you have, but i suspect that the output would sound sublime. i can't really imagine you would mess around with cables at the back of the krell, every time you wanted to listen to music? for the cost of cables suited to the krell, you could probably buy a very good head amp.
http://www.meyersound.com/news/2014/john_meyer_psw/ great reading about audio resolution from meyer sound's john meyer.
if you have a great preamp, without a headphone jack. is it okay using preout of preamp for you headphones, via adapter. the volume still controlled by krell preamp.
just saw on fb there are some other options for much less money.....including a blu-ray pure audio verion of the csny 1974 release.
@lisa yeah....the link used to say "in progress" or something to that effect....the home page is just a link to the box set order page.....and now the "in progress" is gone and the "store" link is to the pre-order.....that's all there is....i wish the ponomusic page would just be updated to show there will eventually be a store.
have got this url though, from what hifi about the announcement. as mentioned earlier, what hifi not as heavyweight as others imho you understand, just a personal opinion. this article points to other resources about hi res and does have a picture of a pono smack dab in the middle of it. which is nice. http://www.whathifi.com/news/new-formal-definition-for-high-resolution-audio-agreed…
apropos of nothing, i was just thinking that i'm surprised there was no jefferson starship pono. i'd love to hear marty balin singing miracles into my lugholes from my pono. fantastic voice and amazing song. hope some js is available on the pono music store.
in the uk, the hifi mags get published earlier and earlier. the sep issue of hfnrr will be on the newsstands on jul18th. as they say in  the us, go figure...
@ kyle thanks - headed to ponopeople now (didn't see it there earlier!)
@ ian that hfnrr piece does appear to nail it. i looked online when you posted it the other day but their site doesn't appear to be kept up to date (presumably they don't want to damage magazine sales). i'll go and check my local library to see if they have this issue in stock so i can read the article in full. i am extremely hopeful for pono. however, they have to work in tandem with the record companies - and those companies often appear to be putting the fly in their own ointment! they certainly appear to be mis-handling the launch of blu-ray pure audio, for example, with some dodgy masterings, constantly delayed titles, etc. i saw something which purports to be a chinese proverb (it was on facebook, so who knows if that's true?) and thought it was apposite regarding record companies & pono: "when the winds of change blow, some people build walls and others build windmills". here's hoping pono can get the companies to act more pono!
@all you can find the hfnrr pono article on the pp.org site under the 'pono in the press' forum.   thank you ian.
@ian i have read the article but i think the date on it is august 2014 so i do not know where we got it from but i looks like a pre release
@all  have looked on line and cannot find any url for the hfnrr pono piece. i have a scan of it but cannot and should/would not share that here.
@redwood  agreed. with the proviso that the a rating is woolly - analogue recordings can vary enormously. the hfnrr piece which i will requote here, with my own top and tail, nails it. and is in line with you and my now view i think? 'and a full page feature on pono, by the editor, paul miller. is succinct and as far as i can tell, accurate and balanced. tellingly it ends with this, which echoes part of my own perspective on pono... "i’m all in favour of hi-res audio getting more exposure. indeed, we’re the only monthly that tests new 96/192khz downloads in an effort to verify their worth. but here’s the point – every month we still discover errant files, mangled music that’s upsampled or down sampled from something else. if ponomusic is the first hi-res music store to convincingly demonstrate the provenance of its wares then it’ll sweep all before it. and the ponoplayer will be a mere sideshow" yep. i agree with that. but i also think there is far more to pono than the player or music store.'
@ ian k the 'p', 'a' & 'd' classifications do indeed seem clear enough. it's the boundary-blurring 'c' classification that is the problem, as it appears to muddy the waters and (to my mind) is the sort of thing that may end up poisoning the well. in my opinion, one should not have to be reading magazines to find out whether music files meet the description of what they're being sold as. upsampling of cd-quality files - isn't this the thing that causes buyers at hd tracks and other sites to protest, and leads to a lack of trust in what they're purchasing? asking people to pay an extra $10 for a process that adds nothing & then labelling it 'hi-res' is something of a 'smoke and mirrors' game. if buyers want cd quality, they can just buy a cd and rip it! this is why the pono store's promised 'provenance' information promotes hope & could lead to increased market share if they earn the trust of purchasers. buyers on this forum will now probably be more clued up than the general public and know what to watch out for. i think this other initiative (whilst similar) is still not completely above-board, given the inclusion of the 'c' specification as being hi-res.
@redwood @william s p a and d seem clear enough. c seems ambiguous at best. when hfnrr (and others i am sure) reviews a hi res release, it analyses it to see what there is above 20k, often there is nothing at all. looks to me like p and d would be reliable hi res, given their source materials, 'a' likely to be 20 - 20k and c? well, not sure.
originally saw it reported on stuff.tv http://www.stuff.tv/music/why-it-s-time-get-pumped-about-hi-res-audio/feature glad we'll know what we're getting in terms of source, time will tell but hopefully the demand will speak for itself in terms of highest quality masters mq-p: from a pcm master source 48khz/20-bit or higher (typically 96/24 or 192/24 content). mq-a: from an analogue master source. mq-c: from a cd master source (44.1khz/16-bit). mq-d: from a dsd/dsf master source (typically 2.8mhz or 5.6mhz content).
@ william sheldon clarity re formats? more record company obfuscation i think. check out this definition: mq-c: from a cd master source (44.1 khz/16 bit content) in which legacy cd masters are employed as source material and upsampled to high resolution.
major labels agree formats for hi-res audio............ thanks neil!!!! the tide is turning slowly but surely. http://www.twice.com/news/trade-groups/music-ce-industries-bring-clarity-definition-high-res-audio/45638
@siltech @joe @all really... my first experience of 'sounds' was when my dad built a radiogramme. had a heathkit mono valve amplifier and a downwards facing single 8" speaker. if i lay on my back i could just, only just, slide underneath, like a car mechanic, so that the speaker was directly in front of my face. magical. just magical. 'twas there i listened to purple haze and are you experienced, bert jansch, davey graham, donovan... i have been trying to create that feeling ever since with complicated expensive kit which sometimes gets close to the feeling, fleeting though. oh to be 16 again and have that feeling. is what i strive for. note to self "back to valves" "back to mono?" "back to simple"
bit rate http://m.digitaltrends.com/music/audiophile-ian-anderson-homo-erraticus/#!0q6uz
@joe burroughs i hear you man. i also remember the sound from my headphones, were incredible. the dynamics, separation and sonic bliss. i'm still trying to recreate the majic. anyway, isn't this music listening hobby, or passion a blast. good night all.
i have noticed many people here have moved up the scale with audio equipment.  i still use a 70's nad power amp and tuner, beogram 1700 turntable, and a pair of snell loudspeaker's.
@siltech...maybe it was the "haze" in the air. i know back in the '70's under the right "conditions" even my 8 track and 6x9 jensen speakers sounded amazing. :  )
what happened to the good old days. back in the day, i had a thorens td 166 mk2 turntable with sonus cartridge, nikko 3 head cassette deck, luxman l-230 integrated amp, dynaco a-25 two way book shelf speakers, and audioquest cables. the sonic sound coming from the dynaco tweeters, were incredable. everything was so much simpler. my stereo now cost 50 times, and not sure it's any better sonically. i was just having a moment, in the past.
actually i meant my ety's.
like the design of the fiio 12,   i presently use the fiio 11 with a set of grado sr 325's.  i think you will like your setup.
hd 650's and fiio e12 mont blanc are here. the wait for october is not going to be so bad now.  without this discussion group i would've never known this stuff existed, what a blast. my ears thank you but my wallet doesn't! no sleep again tonight.....
interesting read! http://www.rollingstone.com/music/news/the-untold-and-deeply-stoned-story-of-the-first-u-s-rock-festival-20140617 @ ian do you have a link for the pono review in the hifi mag?
@ jim @ john the audio technica is surprisingly good for the low cost. i have been happy with it for about 3 years. just got it to play some vinyl as i was trying to recreate my u2 record collection. started to get expensive as i began ordering hard to find stuff from say japan! now here we are and i never thought that down the road i would not buy the csny vinyl b/c i would not be able to rip it! hindsight! wish i had the usb connection now. i believe the csny blu ray will be fine for the difference in cost of the two boxes. @ dana is that all they are selling in the store?!! @creator what's happening? need an update! are backer t's shipping? how's the site coming along? it's june 18th tomorrow after all! llp @ ian the platter is rubber.
i have that audio technica at-lp60 fully automatic belt driven turntable too. mine is actually the at-lp60 usb version that has a usb connection and software to help you rip your albums. i haven't used it for ripping in a while, but i use it all the time for listening pleasure. (i only wish i could afford a nicer turntable, but this one will do for now.)
well, the store is done on the csny site....at least they made the store navigate to the deluxe box set pre-order page that was already there. so that means that the ponomusic store should be up tomorrow....or not.
@ian thanks!
@lisa. nope. but head-fi review seems to rate it highly. reckon you will have seen that already. looks like a nice bit of kit too. http://www.head-fi.org/t/698734/vorz-ge-vorzamp-pure-ii-review-and-impressions
thanks lisa.
@ ian & everyone! does anyone have experience with vorzamp pure ii? @ jim it is a audio technica at-lp60 fully automatic belt driven turntable nothing fancy! i like it!
@siltech. behave... ;o)
@ian kendrick i believe your correct. also, i believe in you. long live pono.
@siltech i believe they use class d for current dumping too, as well as class a. best of both worlds..
also, i no devialet amps are very good, and expensive.
@ian devialet amps use class a output or class a/ab, in the amps final output stage. best sonic sound = class a. long live pono
@siltech   found a review labelled as absolute sound, but is an hfnrr review. more authoritative than what hifi imho... http://www.absolutesounds.com/pdf/main/press/2013_09_hfn_d-170.pdf
@siltech    devialet uses class a in tandem with class d. a sort of modern day quad 405 current dumper. i have not heard them - or even seen them - but all the reviews, from all sources, say they are truly exceptional and re-writing laws of form. small, simple, beautifully made, upgradeable. and french - not the country you first think of for high end audio. aspirational i reckon.  they are getting more and more recognition. what hifi not really high end magazine but their review is available... http://www.whathifi.com/review/110
@ian when i go thru my audiophile mags, vertically all the best rated amps are class a. class d is more efficient, but sonic level and distortion are way off. jeff roland use to make d, and now they switch to a and or ab. i don't recall seeing any d amps rated, anywhere near the top. long live pono
i'm buying from a authorized dealer. also, i'll be careful. thanks all.
ah... looks like sprout is us only :o(
@kyle... now look what you've done. sprout looks very nice indeed. and the darn thing has knobs. i miss being able to twiddle knobs. pressing up and down on a remote or app doesn't hack it. it's that tactile thing. class d you say? that's appearing in some serious kit like devialet which is doing similar things but on a bigger scale. i see a couple of problems for me though. 240v psu? and inputs are not right for me. if they had gone for optical rather than coax that would have been great for the desktop. and a switchable phono /line input would have completed it. but am very tempted. and control of streaming. but then you start to talk of a different product. any idea on the psu?
@siltech @tmh  a friend of mine bought some sennheisers at a 'good price'. turned out to be fake. he had a dreadful time getting it all sorted out. good advice from @tmh.
hey lisa,   your yesterday post talked of a new turntable.   i am contemplating tuning up my systemdeck (still sounds excellent) or replacing it.  guy at the local hi-fi shop took me upstairs to where he was building some guy a $35,000 linn sondek  but that's a little above my pay grade.  mind sharing what you've got, how you got there and how you like it?  thanks.
@tmh do sennheiser say how many times the combo of codes has been tested?
siltech make sure you do the counterfeit test on the side of the box, pretty amazing technology that confirms your 800s are the real deal.  you take a picture of a qr code, this goes to the sennheiser server, sends you back a code which you enter, then sends you back another code which matches a sticker on the box didn't see beats protecting their brand so well...............
@all all analogue mono british beatles vinyl lp’s coming sept. 9 – confirmed ..all the info, links, and video of this amazing turn of events can be read @ "the machine" corny name i know but a friend of mine called it that and i asked him if i could steal it! :))) llp...sorry/ very excited. carry on with phones!
@tmh i'm picking up sen 800 tomorrow. thank you.
pure direct mode. when engaged, totally bypasses tone controls. therefore the sound is flat, as it was from finalized mastering, in studio.
@joe burroughs probably cause it skips upsampling and other digital processing which gives a more analog sound and better latency.
okay just wanted to thank those of you that made good mention of the hd 650's convincing me to purchase them, they've arrived. i can't stop smiling! i have them connected to my yamaha rxv-871 receiver and oppo blu-ray....life changing and they're not even broken in yet. a question for the experts though; why do they sound better when receiver is switched to pure direct? pono needs to hurry i don't want to have to buy a 75' extension so i can listen in bed.
these are estimates. i really think they are working as quickly as they can. that's my take on it.
@dana gibso update 31. "we will be creating ponomusic.com accounts for you in the next 2-3 weeks.", posted may 29, 2014. i guess i'm getting it wrong. why would they tell us this ?
@joey192 how do you figure +/- 3 days until ponomusic store opens. hamm said a while back pre-orders would be available on june 1 (he specifically said june 1). the store has just been estimated before october 1 unless i'm remembering wrong (and i'm not going to go look at every comment to confirm).
for those discussing sennheiser, i have the senneheiser ie-800. a magnificent pair of in ear monitors, better than the shure 535s i own. only downside is no in-line remote cant wait to try them out on the pono
@kyle..thanks for the heads up om the new phish. will def check that out.
sorry i pasted the sennheiser stuff,by mistake
@kyle french i saw the specs. it says 50 watts per channel at 4 ohms. if its true rms power, it should be stated. also, it doesn't mention amplification. i say it class d, almost certain. in most sennheiser hd 650 vs. sennheiser hd 800 authored by october 6, 2013  891 is this guide helpful?  1 report   share:                         more than a few people understand that researching headphones is frequently difficult. there are so many designs to consider and each offering differs in its own way. the sennheiser hd 650s and sennheiser hd 800s are both capable models for people on-the-go and proud geeks alike. the hd 650s turn heads with their high sensitivity and are a delight for loud volume, whereas the hd 800s attract attention with their wide frequency response and are great for hip hop.  features	sennheiser hd 650	sennheiser hd 800 brand	sennheiser	sennheiser weight	9.17 oz	11.7 oz model	hd 650	hd 800 connectivity	wired	wired sensitivity	103 db	102 db cable length	9.84 ft	9.84 ft design	headband	headband color	titanium	silver earpiece design	ear-cup (over the ear)	ear-cup (over the ear) impedance	300 ohms	300 ohms color st	black	silver frequency response	10 hz - 39.5 khz	14 hz - 44.1 khz noise canceling	not specified	without noise cancellation sennheiser hd 650 the hd 650s feature an ear-cup design, allowing you to reduce fatigue and enjoy maximum comfort. in addition, you can make out powerful bass tones and bright treble tones thanks to the hd 650s' 10 hz - 39.5 khz frequency response. their 103 db sensitivity helps you enjoy the music at loud volumes. furthermore, they sport a 300 ohm impedance, so you can enjoy great sound on a variety of players including portable dvd players and radios. sennheiser hd 800 the hd 800s have an ear-pad design, so you can comfortably keep them on with different hairstyles, jewelry, or hats. in addition, the hd 800s' 6 hz - 51 khz frequency response enables you to discern resonant lows and clear highs. you can crank up your tunes as loudly as you wish thanks to their 102 db sensitivity. beyond that, they have a 300 ohm impedance, allowing you to increase your listening enjoyment from a host of gadgets such as tablets and portable dvd players. comparing the sennheiser hd 650 vs sennheiser hd 800 on balance, the sennheiser hd 650 headphones lead the way and are a great bet for loud volume. the hd 650s have a higher sensitivity, so you can play tracks at a louder volume. moreover, the hd 650s' 22% lighter weight enables you to take them with you with less effort. in contrast, the hd 800s sport a wider frequency response, so you can enjoy lower bass notes and sharper treble frequencies. furthermore, the hd 800s stack up favorably with a low impedance and an ergonomic design. therefore, they are great for r&b, hip hop, and digital audio. buying on ebay ebay is a great way to research the hd 650s or hd 800s since you can explore similar items by category or look for specific features using a keyword search. enjoy extra assurance about your wise purchase decision when dealing with top-rated sellers on ebay who excel at earning positive feedback from buyers, satisfying their customers, and shipping products promptly. with the help of free shipping, you don't have to be shy to buy. tags: sennheiser hd 650, sennheiser hd 800 cases, class a sounds best. it's probably very good, for the money. you get what you pay for, no short  cuts. long live pono sir
@siltech •50 watts per channel (4 ohm) stereo power amp •passive eq mm phono preamplifier built in •line level analog input •line level analog output •asynchronous 192khz/24 bit dac •usb and coax inputs for digital •aptx bluetooth streaming •no silly wall wart power supply.  ac inlet with real iec connector •about the size of a novel •$799 retail
ps audio sprout, i'm sure is class d amplification, because of its size. i checked there web page, and they don't mention 50 watts per channel in rms. it looks cool, and i'm sure it's good value. i own a ps audio p10, and it's great.
btw... the new phish album is available for streaming today via npr music and i am really enjoying it.
@joey192 neither can i (we)  :-)
as i have been using an nad power amp from the 1970's, i backed this for something more up to date.
@kyle. sprout looks v nice indeed.
@rich 24/192 over ethernet. i don't really use usb things as the digital input handles it well. seems glitch free and sounds very nice to boot, not tiring. i may just have struck hyper lucky with the speakers but i have heard them driven with some serious kit and not sound much better.
i can't wait to see the design of the ponomusic store website. -/+ 3 days until release.
@kyle sprout looks a bargain at current price. if i didn't have more than i can use and i lived in the states, i'd be up for one
@ian usb 24/192 flac? any difference to same over nas?
@ian just enjoy, don't hanker. q: bi-amp sound better than bridged mode?
its called sprout
nope. will check it out...
did anyone notice the new ps audio amp that hit kickstarter today?
@all  oh yeah, i mentioned when this ks kick started that i had got a marantz cr610 for use in the office at home where i sometimes spend 8-10 hours in a day. was not run in then. is now. i was looking to swap it out for a naim unitiqute - the same that richheart has. well, now that it is run in i thought it might be helpful to give some thoughts about it. will post a url so i don't have to describe what it has features wise. i am feeding it with nas hi res over ethernet, a mac mini via audirvana goes in via optical digital on the back. the macbook pro goes in via audirvana via analog(ue)1  in and analogue 2 in is used for the a&k. speakers are odd ball things ion jc 1a with external split crossovers. only 12 pairs made, they are ultra revealing - more so than ls3/5as and more that proac tablettes and celestion sl600s. all wired up with chord cables. i am a bit stunned by the system to be frank. i sit with the speakers maybe 3-4 feet from my ears as they are each side of the computer screens. on hi res files it really does sing. it has a bi amp function so that you can use speaker outputs a & b to drive a single pair of bi/wire /bi ampable speakers in bi amp mode. with cd standard files it still sounds really great. as it does with cds (it has a cd drive built in too). dab sounds good enough - not in the same league as the arcam t32 but that is hardly surprising. fm sounds great but only with a decent antenna, which i don't have in this part of the house. there is detail a plenty, dynamics are good and it never sounds harsh. the sound is completely out of the boxes. i just listen to the music on it these days and marvel at how good it is. i think i managed to corner the market for chord ichord interconnects - i got a 3m 1/8th to 2 x rca cable for £26 as well as some 1m cables for even less. they sound really good too - i use them on the big system. anyhow, the point is that if you are looking for a compact all in one desktop system or a really good starter hifi it does the job very well. what hifi award winner. i also have a denon ceol dran5 mini system. is very good too (another what hifi award winner) but it is not in the same league as the marantz. great iphone app to control it too - with playlists and the like. is same as denon (both the same company). i realised this week that i really enjoy sitting down and putting some music on at the desk and that i have no hankering after the unitiqute any more. and if anyone asks if i have shares in the company, there will be words. here's a url for the what hifi review. they say it sounds polite. this one doesn't, sounds great. http://www.whathifi.com/review/marantz-m-cr610
@all  i can see a situation, when pono arrives, that we can put our comments up about the headphones we have and how well or not they work with pono. that would be very helpful for all concerned. and, over time, having a lot of such reviewettes would enable a clear picture to emerge, rather than people just saying 'mine are the bifters', which is great but no real basis of comparison. oh yeah 'bifters' is an expression from around here that means the dog's whatsits or similar. will work especially well where people have a few sets of 'phones as i know some of us do. same thing for headphone amps. and lots of other stuff too.
@tijn that portable small external amp sounds cool. this way you don't have to compromise, on sound or cans selection.
@@ian kendrick  your correct, a amp would defeat purpose, pertaining to pono player. i think the sensitivity of 600, 650, and 800, are similar. therefore, the pono player will drive all, or none to sufficient level. if its to low of a volume, i'll buy another more efficient headphone. why, because i want sennheiser cans. if you want your cans to sing, then may need amp.
@ian, i agree. it's a guessing game so far, so i might switch once that sweet piece of musical technology arrrives in october. i just couldn't resist on investing in some new gear. i did however stick to the one thing we know: if an iphone/ipod can drive it suficiently (volume-wise), so will pono. i'm secretly planning on building an amp which attaches to pono seamlessly anyway (respecting the triangular form factor)...
@tijn  i think i feel that having to use an amp with pono is a bit self defeating tbh. for portable use anyway. sort of goes against what it is all about, ups the budget and so on.  problem is we are guessing in terms of what it might sound like until we actually get one to listen to.
@ian & @siltech, even though i planned on spending a substantial amount on a pair of high end cups, eventually i decided to buy the shure srh1540's. a lot cheaper but definitely my first pono-partner (no amp neeeded). i'm no basshead, but i just love their warm bassy foundation (when appliccable) with perfect mids and highs shining through. in the end only your ears (and goosebumping skin) will tell you which cups are meant for you.
@siltech  while not as good but still maybe helpful in your case try this then:  http://www.sonicsense.com/blog/headphone-shootouts/which-headphones-are-best-listen-here-for-yourself#audition100headphonesonline or this:  http://www.sonicsense.com/blog www.head-fi.org is also helpful with plenty of reviews/opinions.
@tijn. that sounds like a properly informed opinion. the chord hugo @siltech... you know you want one....
@siltech, i've recently compared the hd650, 700 and 800 in my search for the cups of my choice. the 800's were definitely the most detailled and crisp sounding. if you like the overall characteristics of the 650's (quite analytical, unsurpassed detailed highs, somewhat withdrawn bass), the 800's are yor thing without a doubt! i also tried all three on an iphone (the only actual reference that @creator gave us on the driving capacity by pono) and i had to conclude that they all definitely will need an amp to get some substantial volume (i wouldn't go without). so, if you love your 650's already and you don't mind adding a headphone amp: go for the 800-deal!
@siltech. am not your man i'm afraid - no experience that qualifies have not heard the 800s. i think impedance is the same, but 800s review as very much better as you say. my option would be to go for the 800s, keep the 650s and then sell either as you see fit, after the deal done. maybe head-fi a good place to look for valid opinions? what all of this opens up is the real need for an authoritative place for headphone knowledge, within this community. already identified that as one of the needs of the new pono stuff, conversations like these not only emphasise it but also shine a light on how it might best be done. thinking....
i can't compare them, around here. all reviews say there much better. also, my stereo is pretty good. has anyone on this forum compared the two? thanks.
@siltech compare them if you can and let your ears be the judge.
@ian kendrick i have a opportunity to switch my  hd 650 for hd 800, at a great price. these could be my main cans. what do you think?
hfn+rr. 40 years ago, once i canceled my subscription to shoot, i would await its arrival and pore over the reviews. little feat and claire hammil among other diskoveries :)
in honour of hfnrr...
@rich... you about?
@rich. hi. yep...
pono is as pono does :)
time to sleep y'all have a wonderful day!
yes...people will think we're crazy...but i like crazy. "pono speak" oh no...i'm such a geek. haha
mantra: we are "one with pono" mmmmmmmmhmmmmmhmmmmm ;p
now i'm going on but... if it ain't pono, it ain't pono... be pono, get pono... you pono? me pono... if i was a copy writer (which i have been) i would © that... ;o) but is only thinking out loud stuff. there's a lot you can do with the word to emphasise the ethos to the point where it become part of lingua franca, common tongue. like hoover means vacuum cleaner and the like...
or for music... if it ain't pono, it ain't pono...  be pono...
@ian...word!
@cm if you ain't pono, you ain't pono...
@ian i'll definately check out that mag...good stuff! @lisa  that's what makes me so excited about pono because they have gotten the message about transparency with their audio. i literally can trust them on lack of spec transparency even though others seem shaky because the people we have put our trust in are trustworthy people! :)
wanted: quality from pono ;-)
@ ian @christmachine will check out hifi news. yea, blown away at the scratched, skipping, dirty new a letter home! couldn't believe jack. & neil @ third man would send it out. funny thing when i called they did not seem surprised about the condition of the album and they said exchange only b/c of royalties. called back again and finally got credit! the box from neil @no problems.
@cm et al ...    btw, hifi news and record review (or hfnrr as it is know by nerds like me) is a very long standing uk hifi magazine. rather old fashioned in some ways, rather conservative and not the kind of publication that goes with the fashionable flow.  their position on pono will be well considered and independent i think. i forgot to mention that in the current issue is news from a&k of revamps of the model ranges, inc 100 and 120. considerable revamps. more features, bigger storage, bigger screens, all sorts. still magnificent production engineering. things portable hi res hotting up... which is all good imho. for pono too.
@cm  yep. i have spent some time thinking through all things pono and strategy. and where pono can and cannot (necessarily) be fully competitive. and where they might choose to focus their resources/energies/variety. this is one area where they can. as i have said elsewhere, "if you're not pono, you're not pono...."
indeed ~ this! "i’m all in favour of hi-res audio getting more exposure. indeed, we’re the only monthly that tests new 96/192khz downloads in an effort to verify their worth. but here’s the point – every month we still discover errant files, mangled music that’s upsampled or down sampled from something else. if ponomusic is the first hi-res music store to convincingly demonstrate the provenance of its wares then it’ll sweep all before it. and the ponoplayer will be a mere sideshow" :))))
@all.... this months hi fi news and record review, a uk magazine, has some articles that seem relevant to us here... it has a good review of mid range headphones. £160 - £330 portable supra aural types. and a feature on troutmask replica. well, that might appeal only to me on this ks comments section. and a full page feature on pono, by the editor, paul miller. is succinct and as far as i can tell, accurate and balanced. tellingly it ends with this, which echoes part of my own perspective on pono... "i’m all in favour of hi-res audio getting more exposure. indeed, we’re the only monthly that tests new 96/192khz downloads in an effort to verify their worth. but here’s the point – every month we still discover errant files, mangled music that’s upsampled or down sampled from something else. if ponomusic is the first hi-res music store to convincingly demonstrate the provenance of its wares then it’ll sweep all before it. and the ponoplayer will be a mere  sideshow" yep. i agree with that. but i also think there is far more to pono than the player or music store.
@ian you are spot on about a lot of new vinyl are pressed poorly. even pressing plants like pallas germany which in the past have had a stellar reputation are now putting out a lot of careless pressings. i was reading a thread the other day where everyone was complaining about how it is the luck of the draw now in getting good pressings. careless defects showing up all the time on expensive new vinyl. further they often do not give the correct lineage of the vinyl. i know of one vinyl ripper who is so good at what he does that a few bands which will remain nameless used his vinyl rips as their masters for the source and cutting of their vinyl. it was proven in one case and another world reknowned artist paid him to use his vinyl rip for their album because it was better than what they could find. your not imagining things. to play it safe rippers know that the original pressing from the original country of origin is usually 9 times out of ten the best source.
@lisa to some extent new albums are the worst. and it seems to me that they are worse than they used to be too. that may be a false memory though. @doug's comments on vinyl are apposite on that subject.
@ ian do have a simple cleaning set for vinyl. used for several ebay u2 albums. cleaned them all well b4 playing on new turntable! just didn't realize a new vinyl could be such a mess! @christmacjine the zeppelin remaster 1 & 2 from hd tracks sounds really good!
apparently the download for pink floyds 20th anniversary re-issue of the division bell will include a 24bit/96khz release and it will be out before the pono, giving me something great to test it on
@doug. am not awake. nitin sawhney album set is one zero. it has 1010 all over the sleeve. coffee.
@doug checked my lps and i reckon in total i have maybe 60 or 70 originals, all in good order. but each has been bought recently, most often from discogs. so i don't have any i have had from new. and all bought as mint/mint so that may explain something - previous owner had kept a good original. in almost all cases - jj cale, ry cooder, beefheart, floyd, cohen and the like, they sound really good. exception is some stuff from windham hill and some direct cut or half speed dmms and they sound superb. nitin sawhney's 1010, last year's direct cut 5 disc set, sounds stunning but i don't think much is released these days that uses such techniques?
@lisa   as posted a while back, vinyl suffers from 3 problems (at least), especially with new albums. static, release agent fem the pressing process and dirt. on new albums the static attracts hairs and fluff and the release agent makes sure they stay stuck. sometimes a jump is caused by a defect, other times by something tiny stuck in the groove. hence the talk of cleaning machines - quite a few available, mine cost around £40/$65 and is good enough although nothing fancy. these days i find a lot of lps are unplayable until they have been thoroughly wet cleaned - which removes the static, washes out the dirt and leaves the lps as you hope they should be when new. the static is sometimes so bad (was with letter from home) that even getting the lp out of its sleeve is hazardous - they can be so stuck that i worry about scratching them on the way out. i then use an anti static sleeve for each lp (i use mobile fidelity, others available). once cleaned they tend to stay clean and no static - but my turntable has no felt mat, the platter is made out of the same vinyl as the album so i wipe that down with record cleaning fluid every now and then and all is well. i have no recent experience of turntable platter mats but can confirm that they can make a big difference too. so... expect static, expect release agent (which will also clog the stylus unless the lp is cleaned and expect to have to clean them. then you won't be disappointed.
everyone's asleep...zzzzzzzzzz anyway full beatles catalog is up...best of the best. next up the full led zeppelin catalog...my head is about to explode from listening to the beatles one week straight and the last week zeppelin. you know where i am. :) cheers
@mom...basic flaws in pressing...! i got a letter home from third man and it came with a skip so bad i had to push the needle a bit! it was dirty too! i'm like whaaat?!! sent it back for cr, got the box from neil! glad too, straight feed has no static!
starting over... hi everyone! @ doug thanks for the encouragement! my dad is an electrical engineer (was, when working, retired now!), though i just don't have the inclination to build a headphone amp! the lyr is hot, heavy, and not sure about rolling tubes! i think @ian is correct, one must tailor equipment to lifestyle. portable is good, hugo is sooo nice, outta my league. i am going to try pairing portable amp with ak120. nice cans when home, iems when out maybe. @ian yes pentangle! jim turned me on to them!
hi everyone! @ doug thanks for the encouragement! my dad is an electrical engineer (was, when working, retired now!), though i just don't have the inclination to build a headphone amp! the l
@doug, the bottlehead crack certainly throws out some heat, the top plate becomes very hot during operation. the heat is localized and rises vertically, so if you are seated off to the side it may not be of concern. but yeah, it gets hot, no two ways around that.
it is a crime how record companies have treated their master tapes. @anothertribe, does the bottlehead put out much heat? it would be used mainly at night and sit about 1.5 feet from my head. love tubes but not sure i want to be so close.
@richheart i do not recall that being one of the pledge options...? the power of pono ;-)
hmmmm will pono be the cause of love? :)
@mom, no, you're a class act. it's a mutual appreciation society, i guess. :-) x
@mom  i remember those days alright. the two albums i mentioned cost a lot and were bought recently via discogs as mint/mint, but are favourites. could well be that i struck lucky with them...
@ian, i really hope some labels took more care than others with the original masters but i suspect you may be lucky to have two original vinyl albums that sound so good compared with all other versions.  mastering aside, i recall taking many original pressings back to record stores just as they had been released because of basic flaws in the pressings.  it often took me four or five returns before i got a pressing i was happy with.  record stores were used to doing exchanges in those days.
@mom  i have very few original vinyls - a couple by donovan and bert jansch amongst them. they do sounds better than all subsequent releases, in whatever format. the donovan (gift from a flower to a garden), is pressed on really thin vinyl with some flaws in it that give the occasional heartbeat, but it sounds great. the jansch is moonshine -original master tapes lost a long tine ago. your comments about simply vinyl interesting - the drake albums nowhere near as good as the rediscovered sets.
@o'b we do seem to have unusually similar taste in music, what a happy coincidence!  glorious fool is great and we even seem to love the same track.  you're clearly a class act!
@ian, i also have the simply vinyl (sv) copies of nick drake and quite a few other artists.  that company was alleged in some cases to be creating the vinyl from cd masters.  there is no sv album that i own that is a patch on vinyl from other labels.  in my view, the japanese copies of the nick drake albums have more detail than the vinyl from the new box sets.  not that i'm a nick drake nerd but i also have the fruit tree vinyl and dvd box set - i can't comment on the quality of those pressings, the box is still in the shrink wrap! i am dubious about claims of superiority of the original vinyl pressings.  for example, i own two versions of native dancer by wayne shorter from the first pressings, one from the u.s. and one from the uk.  you might assume that since the uk master was a copy of the us master (or even a copy of a copy) both vinyl pressings would sound alike.  in fact the u.s. one is a far superior pressing with way more detail. i doubt that many, if any, original vinyl pressings were ever taken from the original master tape. take blonde on blonde as an extreme example.  there are numerous versions of the album and the record company seems to have taken little to no care over the copying of the original masters.  we are not talking subtle differences in the versions of blonde on blonde, there are significantly different track lengths (it's covered in length here http://www.two-riders.co.uk/bobpt1c.html).  now if that happened to dylan at his peak, how were the masters of other artists treated?  i wish pono luck in their endeavours to get close to the original masters - the work may be quite a challenge.
@mom. dang!!! would have been nick's 65th birthday. intrigued by your comments about the japanese vinyl. i have the remastered 180g vinyls on simply vinyl. how do the japanese versions sound compared to the 24/96? i don't have access to the original vinyl but suspect it might sound better than all of them, given that the master tapes would be brand new and 40 years younger than they were for the remastering. is notable that (i think) pink moon sounds best of all. the number of big names who phoned in to the live tribute to him to pay their respects and thanks was a surprise. a fruit tree alright...
@mom i love glorious fool. couldn't love you more is my favorite, too! holy coincidence!
pono dads  ffs! ios 8 beta's autocorrect is the worst ever
happy father's day to my favorite pono made—you know who you are! ;-)
i reckon there's a double album worth of immaculate, peerless, john martyn stuff. the opening notes of solid air with danny and victoria are instantly recognisable. and about nick drake too. the latter a big influence for me. we quote him in the book what we are writing (pretentious? moi?), with that line from way to blue "can you understand the light amongst the trees?" in that question is almost everything about the human condition. and the unknowability of it all. yeah, that sounds pretentious. don't care, i think it true about nick. great documentary on the radio in the uk for his 60th birthday.
@ian, i have the box sets too and they are very good (especially the downloads) but i picked up japanese vinyl copies in tokyo a few years back that sound even better. john martyn had such a great catalog - my favourite is glorious fool with a brilliant version of couldn't love you more.
dads up? dads up????  adds up. is fathers day. that must be it...
@rich, @frank, @all... i did some sums once. about the amount of hours spent listening through headphones and the amount of hours spent listening through the speakers at home. and then how that dads up over, say 5 years. and then the amount of money spent on headphones and portable player and the amount money spent on home kit. for me was a very uneven balance and was the argument that left me selling some domestic stuff and buying the a&k. have not regretted it. i have my chosen phones, not going through all that again, but have contemplated atcs, which are similar to the jh. although i would be wary of anything that has 8 drivers in them tbh. seems to me that the sound you can get through £600/$1000 dollar phones is way in advance of the sound you can get through the same priced speakers. ditto the hugo. food for thought...
@mom i have the three rediscovered nick drake albums, which come with 24/96 downloads. been listening to the albums since they were released and had them on all formats. the rediscovereds are beautiful - ahead of every other version. the vinyl and 24/96 are more or less identical. john martyn - posted him today on  another music group i belong to, with his life long friend and possibly the best/most respected bass player ever, danny thompson. solid air/bless the weather would be my pair of albums from him. obvious ones, but hey...
@frank nobody is going to tell you not to get the rolls royce of headphones which also happen to be ultra-sensitive (easy to drive). on the other hand, all we can do is read the same reviews that you can and say: "if money was no object... hmmmmm" yeah, go for it, i want to read your comments, once you've burned them and the pono, in.
i do wonder what se signature players if any will be offered on the pono site when it opens. maybe @creator needs some ideas.  adele's cover of dylan's to make me feel my love is great and she might have mass appeal.  people that have sadly left us like john martyn and nick drake should be candidates too.
i'm thinking of getting the jh16 pro iems for my pono. right now i'm using ue triple fi 10s. anyone have any thoughts on jh16 together with the pono player?
@doug not familia with bottlehead stuff - just taken a look at  their website. looks nice enough, but not that low cost. and the do fancy mains cables too ;o) i know, inexorably, that i will have to go back to valves, or tubes as you may know them. it's only a matter of time. i am starting to get a picture of devices like pono and the chord hugo being with me for portable use and then just having a really nice pair of valve amps in the house and feeding them with portable devices. the need for big boxes for source components is rapidly declining. apart from a turntable... used to have audio research kit and the most wonderful valve pre pre for a supex sd900 cartridge, feeding meridian active speakers. very best sound i have ever had in the house. there's a pair of leak stereo 20s in the loft that need refurbishing. my dad (a recognised expert in the field of valves and construction) was going to do them for me, but he died before he got round to it. i have his home built ls3/5as which still sound wonderful.
@lisa  the hermit is a lovely album. following the pentangle i guess? they also had possibly the best and most respected bass player ever, danny thompson.
lisa, you can build a bottlehead. i built their preamp years ago. bottlehead has very good instructions. there is even a color picture to follow. if you still feel an assembled amp is the ticket, and want a bottlehead crack, you can have someone else assemble it. haven't looked lately, but bottlehead used to offer their stuff assembled for an extra fee. they also allowed you to try the build, and send it in for the assembly fee, if it was too difficult. they really want people to succeed. it would be a cool project while you wait for pono. stuff you build sounds better. dad just got a schiit magni for fathers day. i will give it a listen after it gets a break in. the lyr will be even better.
how about! http://m.youtube.com/watch…
try http://m.youtube.com/watch…
john renbourn the hermit john renbourn ''the hermit'' - youtube m.youtube.com/watch?v=3up7faz3vxi
@anothertribe :) "i'm a professional cynic, but my heart's not in it."
@doug. just let me write that down...
i am likely to regret this. @tjc, there is a new amplified headphone out called flips. flip the gigantic ear pieces out and they play, like pa speakers to the crowd. wally world and taegett already list hem. heck, you might own the company. like taking a pilll and ending up with bleats. @ian, please don't try this on the train. we need you here. just what the world needs annoying headphones.
tjc - troll just constantly
i hope the signed posters are going to be shipped this month. i plan on getting it framed and giving it as a gift to a huge neil fan!
hook..line and sinker..... ;-)
@richheart to bad on both will have to use one of those little adapters i guess i have a couple lying around figure once i got the pono could hack it inside shouldn't be to hard http://www.monoprice.com/product…
@tjc pono doesn't do bt? i heard it doesn't do wi-fi either. so how can i use it if i don't want to listen to music?
@tjc, did you back the right project dude?  sounds like you wanted a set of bag pipes!
i see...try a megaphone
dan looking for something that will be heard by those people 50 feet away
to bad no bluetooth on porno https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1629248706/earin-the-worlds-smallest-wireless-earbuds
@ lisa. yep, hugo. looks like the future to me. small devices, high quality sound, portable, beautifully made. game changer.
@lisa @all  i have a meier audio corda portable headphone amp. have had two over the years, one with variable cross fade, which can be really useful in a headphone amplifier, and one without. the crossfade reduces separation and can reduce that 'everything in the middle of your head' sound. both use a 9v pp9 battery which can give it enough wallop to drive the 600s very well. have been completely satisfied with them up until the a&k 120, it was a downgrade to the sound with the amplifier in the chain. which surprised me greatly. lots (and i mean lots) more volume, but you could hear the amp all right. other headphones have been perfectly fine with the a&k by the way, no problem at all, as in my other posts about cans, so it did seem to be a 600 issue. can't comment on the 590 (i used to have a pair but they went a long time ago), or the 650s - have never heard them at all. the little hd25s (i really like them) sound great with the a&k. only reason to mention the a&k is that i have one and it is a competitor for pono. that's two reasons. oops. think it is just wait and see time really as far as pono and headphones is concerned. and to hear from those who have heard it and have a valid experience set to do comparisons and be worth taking note of. one thing i will say though after coming home from london on the train today is that having a pair of in ear headphones that really isolate sound transfer in both directions is a big thing. it isn't just that they have great isolation from external noise (there was a lot of that today but i could hear none of it), it is also that they stop leakage coming out of the phones, completely. i have asked jayne to listen really close up and tell me if she can hear the headphones and even with them on as loud as i like there is no external sound. so i can relax knowing i am not winding anyone up. well not with the sound of music anyway. not that i like julie andrews...
@tjc - i don't see how can come to this conclusion. there are plenty of headphones you could use without an amp that should sound plenty loud enough. i say "should" based on my experience with other small music players not with a pono since i haven't heard one. i have seen people listening to the pono using headphones in various movies on the ponomusic site and they were all smiling..... i would take that as a good indication it is effective.
when i log in on kickstarter, it doesn't show me as backer, anymore. in a round about way, i was able to get on. what happened?
so we pretty much need an amp with this thing when using headphones
press refresh on your browser, usually a curly arrow :)
on this revised site. how can you update latest postings, without log off, and back on?
@ anothertribe thanks!
will pono player drive hd 800 cans?
not much happening, on this site.
@lisa cooper don't underestimate your ability to build a bottlehead crack otl. it really is not that difficult as long as you take your time. there is an excellent support forum should you run into problems. the thrill of listening to a fine sounding piece of audio equipment you built yourself is priceless. plus, the crack was designed with the hd650's in mind, it's a killer combo. having said that, the schiit amps have been getting great reviews and i considered the lyr prior to going the bottlehead route.
@ ian a headphone amplifier, portable or otherwise. the one i have, a perfectly respectable thing, which has always sounded great do you mind if i ask what is the headphone amp you have been using?
@ ian are you talking about hugo? nice!
@ ian "as i say, keen to hear what pono sounds like with stuff like the 600/650s" i guess if i'm in the same carriage as you, i'll get to hear too :)
hi ponoians! i don't believe i can build a bottlehead so how do you guys think a lyr would go with the 650's ?
hi is anyone from uk going to vip dinner in san francisco
hi is anyone from uk going to vip dinner in san francisco
@o'b, you have such great ears hiding under your hair :-)
@mom i love sweet love! you bring me joy is another favorite.
@o'b, which track does it for you?  sweet love is my favourite.
@mom another great song!  her voice is stunning. i'm so downloading that track right now. no idea why i'm up this early on a saturday. silly, really.
i can't wait to see the pono store.  hope they can build a catalog of real classics like rature by anita baker.
ian,tjc a great friend of mine gave me my hd565 ovations because his wife found them so annoying.  sometimes in this life,irritation can be your friend.
@tjc they will fulfil that purpose admirably i suspect. the only time i used the 600s on a train i was nearly attacked by another passenger (because of the noise, i hasten to say). and i await to hear how pono will drive them. the a&k 120 does a so so job of driving the 600s, not well enough that i would use them without a headphone amplifier, portable or otherwise. the one i have, a perfectly respectable thing, which has always sounded great on other devices, like ipods and iphones, using line out via the apple connecter not the headphone out, with uncompressed files, sounds like a real downgrade with the a&k. the volume goes up but the quality goes down.   the chord headphone amp/dac/pre amp seems to be pointing the way. but as i say, keen to hear what pono sounds like with stuff like the 600/650s
tjc, the 650s will annoy the hell out of anyone!
don't really listen to music i just want some headphones i can put on my head that leak sound badly that i can crank up real loud so as to annoy anyone within 100 yards you know like the people that talk on cell phones you can hear down the block or the cars that shake trees when they go by that have 1000 watts as long as they make noise and i can put some crap music on that nobody wants to listen to but they will have to. will the 650 do the trick
@bill omand with what we know of the pono player so far there should be no issue using the line level output of the device to drive the input of a headphone amp. the effect of adding an amp on the sound profile of the pono will be highly dependent on the characteristics of the amp being used, perception of the user and a dozen or so other influencing factors ;-) fwiw i own a pair of hd 650's and do not anticipate any issues with the pono player being able to sufficiently drive them directly. now, i do have a bottlehead crack + speedball otl amp that i fully intend to try with the pono but that is less about drivability and more about my preference for the sound of this particular amp when paired with the 650’s.
hey everyone question for you geeky (said with love) audiophiles. i'm also waiting to purchase cans and i'm really hoping the sen hd650's are the ones. so if the pono can't drive them is there any issue with adding a small amp? does it affect the quality of the sound?
my favourite head phones have been the sony mdr 7506 for many years now. comfortable, relatively inexpensive ($130.00 cdn) and sound pretty good to me. 10~20khz 63 ohms 106 db/w/m
headphone chart sensitivity, below  manufacturer	model	 efficiency @ 1mw (db spl) impedance (ohms) akg	k701	105	62 akg	k1000	74	120 hifiman	he-6	83.5	50 hifiman	he-5	87.5	38 sennheiser	hd800	102 @ 1v*	300 sennheiser	hd650	103 @ 1v*	300 sennheiser	hd600	97	300 grado	sr60i	98	32 grado	sr225si	98	32 grado	rs1	98	32 grado	ps1000	98	32 beyer	t1	102	600 beyer	t5	102	32 beyer	dt880	96	32, 250, or 600 * rated at 1v instead of 1mw
a trick of the tail just listened to it ... after many years absence.
@creator what is output rms voltage of pono player?
@creator what is output rms voltage of pono player?
i wish pono could tells us the output voltage of player now. this would help when buying headphones. a number of 2 volts rms, or greater, would be great.
@joe i think they'll be okay. i think they'll go loud enough. the sensitivity of cans are 102db. you made a great buy.
any more*
i'm waiting to see what they offer on pono music.  i've already got a lot of money invested in cans and ear buds. i'm going to wait a bit longer before i buy anymore.
i hope the hd600's work for home use. if not, will probably oder and build a bottlehead otl amp. for portable use will have to pick out something smaller.
i hope the hd 650's are going to be okay...i ordered a pair today. i couldn't stand it any longer.
@ian kendrick i was thinking the same thing. i have the hd 650, and you have hd 600. i think yours are a little more efficient. if the pono can't drive them adequately, it will be a shame. i think  in one video, they were using a pair of hd 650. maybe a-okay. long live pono
sennheisers? will be interested to see how it drives them...
cans https://twitter.com/mikemettler/status/476744200428720129
@richheart hahahaha! aw, bless. ;-)
ha ha... head over heels in love.... and then you fall for some other bloke....  naaa.. all is fair ...... :)
@richheart jilted? huh the what?
o'but i was jilted some 250 comments ago... *giggle
@richheart come on!  you know you love me teasing you!
o'b, o'b.... o just b... *grin
@richheart those were some profound posts you wrote there to reach 10,000. ;-)
10,000 comments, 18,000 backers = 1 comment for every 2 backers :) you and i together wc can share 1 comment.  on the other hand, who wants to be average? :)
sweet!  i've made the 10,003rd comment!  do i get a autographed poster or something!?!
@richheart - looks like you made the 10,000 comment ;)
loving my letter home box set!  played it on a 60's curtis mathes radio tube console.  fun :)
be me :)
just
might
it
hey....we're on the verge of 10000 comments.......who's going to be number 10000?
classical + jazz + funk... give this guy (jan akkerman, one of my personal heroes) a listen: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@ dana g i believe the pono website is undergoing a massive overhaul at the moment - it should be opening up for pono player pre-orders later this month (i seem to remember john hamm mentioning this in his presentation at axpona), and the last e-mails from @ creator to us backers indicated that they would be opening individual accounts for us when this update occurs. my understanding is that the 'website thanks' listing individual backers' names will be part of the new design (but don't quote me!) - that is my interpretation of the situation.
@dana they are supposed to list our names individually. they just haven't gotten to it yet.
i wonder if one of you few who have direct access to the @creator can clarify something for me. i was under the impression that the "thanks on the website" was a listing of the names of people who pledged. is the generic thanks from neil the "website thanks"?
@mom, she has a great voice, but she's a bit cheesy. i'm slightly ashamed of that post now, but there it is. a skeleton in my musical closet. love will tear us apart is probably the ultimate. or maybe hey, that's no way to say goodbye by leonard cohen. this is as difficult as picking out a favorite song. i have too many favorites.
@o'b jewel's ok :) i heard it through the grapvine by marvin gaye.
this is slightly embarrassing, but it is a good breakup song: foolish games by jewel.
http://youtu.be/nljw1vkgite try again
i know http://youtu.be/ridzhka9ptq
jane siberry the taxi ride is heavy- just listened and looked at lyrics!
@ creator i want my t-shirts  how about kim richey i know ;-)
siltech, agree on backstreets the live march 25th,1977 version from boston is the ultimate one for me!
@charles, great choice - jane siberry is excellent!
brilliant disguise - bruce springsteen
motörhead - rock 'n' roll. the quintessential break up song.
http://grooveshark.com/#!/now_playing/the+taxi+ride/299ppx
the taxi ridehttp://grooveshark.com/#!/now_playing/the+taxi+ride/299ppx
breakup songs the taxi ride- jane siberry it is absolutely devastating.
http://grooveshark.com/#!/now_playing/springsteen+b+live+1975+1+09+backstreets/5vstwa
backstreets by the bosshttp://grooveshark.com/#!/now_playing/springsteen+b+live+1975+1+09+backstreets/5vstwa
go your own way, fleetwood mac
break up songs: only by nine inch nails...
here's a break-up song from a talented lady who could do with a much bigger performing career - charlie dore, with 'disremember me' https://myspace.com/charliedoremusic/music/song/disremember-me-43419741-44751583
@wc and am a big miyazaki fan.  looks very similar.
@wc  thanks. recognised it but could not remember from where.
the best of the best of break up songs would have to go to mr. neil young's, "don't cry", freedom.
@ian kendrick, it's 2d from the gorillaz, artwork by jamie hewlett ian kendrick 1 day ago @wc is that a miyazaki cell i see?
best break up song -ween - baby bitch
best break-up song, wish you were here
@jim humphry - sorrow david bowie
romeo and juliette - dire straits
best breakup song?   ferron   -    'ain't life a brook' http://www.youtube.com/watch…
old love (live version from 24 nights) eric clapton
@jim see? it's all good. he's a little bit in love with me, too  :-)
@o'b, i've read your posts on here for ages and was just thinking about your great taste, humour and lovely wild-side.  might be a little in love with you too ;-)
o'boogie,   you know that's just gonna lead to another great breakup song...
@mom, that's a great tune. you have great taste.  i might be a tiny bit in love with you.  ;-)
@jim, michael mcdonald - i keep forgettin' (every time you're near)
@jim ex-factor, lauryn hill
@jim i'm not in love - 10cc
@jim, great idea.  lost cause by beck.
@jim donny osmond - puppy love  haha "i hope and i pray, that maybe someday, you'll be back in my arms....." i really cried over her (it took me 2 days to remember which her).
ja.    '...sends you rushing to the mirror, brush your eyebrows and say, there's more beauty in you than anyone.      wow!,,   best breakup songs anyone?
@ian just checked. it won't play in safari, plays fine in firefox and chrome. you just got another bite of rotten apple
hey ian,  google bebel gilberto and harvest moon and you can find a couple of different renditions of her doing the song.  good luck.
@ian i am using chrome on the mac mini
@ian it is odd, i had the soundcloud player, playing alongside the youtube...bebel gilberto and joan armatrading both do lovely harmonies, but not on my mac :)
nope. tried it on the mini and the macbook pro, no joy. the ja track plays fine as does everything else. odd...
@ian so listen on your phone :) or turn do a hard reboot (both feet :))
gotta grab some sleep before the world cup on wednesday... a month of pretending that the colour of the shirt of the guy kicking the round thing into the net is important.  then we can go back to another four years of pretending the same thing for different coloured shirts :)
@rich  done all that. other stuff plays fine from the web. odd...
love and affection is my favourite ja track, it's great!
@ian  something else is hogging your sound card. turn off music players, close youtube windows. close and reopen browser
@jim. the page loads, the timer counts and it moves along but i can't get any sound... :o(
yesterday i repeatedly listened to the 25th and parts of sleight of hand and square the circle
@rich that whole album is great and still play it from time to time. i saw her in concert twice, both times great but the first my favorite. willow, all the way from america and down to zero were the best. will sound great on pono
down to zero is my favourite ja track once listened to it over and over.... .https://www.youtube.com/watch…
joan armatrading gotta be on the list.  she is amazing in concert  too.  i like so many of her songs i don't want to pick. just one.  25th anniversary classics is such a great sampler; probably willow is the favorite today
@jim beautiful, still listening
brazilian musical royalty, bebel gilberto sings harvest moon at carnegie hall https://soundcloud.com/bebelgilberto/harvest-moon-live-at-carnegie
@kyle   actually change one of them. not sure which one. but beale street memhis tennessee, late 20s, early 30s. i was there in the 90s for a long saturday and went down the big muddy on a paddle steamer. would love to have been there when it was jumping.
@kyle  nice one. mine would be a corner in marlin texas 1927. to stroll by and hear a bottleneck guitar and a gravelly voice with a bass falsetto it would be blind willie johnson. i'd join you at woodstock and enjoy the whole thing. and anywhere in 1973 to see and hear captain beefheart and the magic band in their prime, before it became the tragic band. troutmask replica, clear spot and the spotlight kid...
updated lists one favouite song o'b - woman - john lennon  dan s - powderfinger - neil young & crazy horse  wanda - parisienne walkways by gary moore/phil lynott  ian k - blabber 'n smoke - captain beefheart  kevin - little coloured baloons - john murry  brian m - for no one - the beatles  jim h - fisherman's blues - the waterboys  eduard n - a case of you - joni mitchell  siltech - stairway to heaven - led zeppelin  mobiusengine - life on mars - david bowie  rich h - a day in the life - the beatles  peter r - my finest hour - the sundays  manofmystery - all the ways i want you - bruce cockburn  tijn - think of you - jon allen  john - steam engine - my morning jacket  cm - diary of a madman - blizzard of oz band  joe b - wild west end - dire straits  wc - my boy - neil young  frank - about a girl - nirvana  anothertribe - romeo had juliette - lou reed paulg - the story in your eyes - the moody blues favourite song by a female artist manofmystery - at last - etta james  richh - angel from montgomery - bonnie raitt  brianm - help me - joni mitchell  mobiusengine - wow - kate bush  cm - polaroids - shawn colvin  john - hold on - brittany howard of alabama shakes  o'b - you're all i need to get by - aretha franklin  ian - who knows where the time goes - sandy denny  anothertribe - piece of my heart - janis joplin  charlese - mary - patty griffin  cm - you make loving fun - christine mcvie/fleetwood mac  billt - up on the roof-carole king  tjc - you got me hummin' - lydia pense of cold blood  kevin - lithium - amy lee from evanescence wc - hold on, hold on - neko case jimh - to ramona - sinead lohan favourite jazz track manofmystery - st.thomas - sonny rollins  o'b - embraceable you - jimmy scott  brianm - they say it's wonderful - john coltrane and johnny hartman richh - heaven - ella fitzgerald and louis armstrong iank - minor swing - django reinhardt and stéphane grappelli thanks folks!
here's the top of my list of destinations when the time machine is invented: -the intersection of haight-ashbury, 1966 -stage left at woodstock as jimi plugs in -nyc, fillmore east, early 1971 to see the allman brothers in march, and humble pie in may
i remember with total clarity the day hendrix died. friday sep 18th 1970. i was wandering around school with ladyland under my arm. gutted does not even begin to describe how i felt, and still feel.
@ kyle, ah, well i never knew that. sounds like a very interesting bloke. i managed to miss hendrix at the time. like a prat. although my wife saw him at the isle of wight, i still have a full programme of hers (it's a large format book) and tickets in immaculate condition. definitely not for sale.
arggh, it has yet to be kindled :(
@ian the original fillmore auditorium led to the openings of fillmore east (nyc), winterland arena, and the fillmore west (sf, the eventual offspring to the fillmore auditorium).  this documents all of his life, including his evading the holocaust as a jew born in 1931 germany and his start-up endeavors promoting rock concerts after moving to san francisco.  so yes... jimi hendrix, etc. the book covers his relationships with famous rock acts in promoting these concerts, those that were listed in my first post, along with the doors, the who, etc.  there's a forward by pete townshend, along with sources for the book from members of the grateful dead and eric clapton as well.
@kyle - filmore? hendrix?band of gypsies? oh hang on... thing that might have been the 'other' filmore?
@ kyle @o'b  watched people racing quad bikes. the things are lethal, especially in the hands of non experts. and they can roll on to you. hateful things.
finished neil's waging heavy peace: a hippie dream, thanks neil! starting graham's wild tales: a rock & roll life. hard to believe that graham says he hasn't had neil's cell. wish they would all tour, they are all so brilliant. csny
it was a contributing factor* damn typos.
@kyle @ian apparently he never fully recovered in a lot of ways from that accident. his manager said he was a contributing factor in his death. they are horrible things, quad bikes. i absolutely agree.
@ian @ob interesting about the quad bike... dave matthews' saxophone player died due to complications stemming from an injury involving an atv accident as well.  so sad.
@kyle will let you know my thoughts on the lessons from the dead. not sure if anyone else will be interested here? from what i know is very much in line with the stuff i teach/use. if so, then there is hope for the world as that too is based on a decent ethos that does not have pure systems gaming and profit motive above all else.
just posted about rik mayall on other sites. remember when we first saw him as kevin turvey. was brilliant, didn't know who he was. then the young ones, then blackadder roles. and bottom and alan b'stard. don't know what happened yet. wonder if it was to do with the quad bike accident? i loathe those things, think them very dangerous. as an ex motorcycle racer that is quite a damnation.
rip, colin grigson of bad news. can't believe rik mayall is gone.
@ian  am anxious to hear your reviews.  next on my reading list is 'bill graham presents: my life inside rock and out' this is the guy that started the fillmore in san francisco, this book talks about his relationships with a lot of the acts he helped make famous: grateful dead, jefferson airplane, janis joplin, otis redding, etc. an historic venue.
just been musing, in another setting, and the though that "if you're not pono, you're not pono" comes to mind. no reason for posting this other than i quite like the play on words.
@kyle. the book on the grateful dead business model is on its way to me. love it that such a band can teach the bread heads at business schools a thing or two about how to build community. oh hang on, that's what i do... but am not a bread head. nor really a dead head truth be told. great respect for them though and love the ethos. been trying to find a video of mickey hart and the beast to go with the dafos album i have. speaker endangering thing that album.
no one played guitar quite like jerry!
@kyle  oh yeah....  :o)
i'm keen on guitarists who are missing fingers :) (see jerry garcia)
@kyle, is tricksy isn't it? seminal stuff all of it. and django did it with fingers missing.
@ian different levels of influence there, django is no-doubt one of the most influential guitarists of them all.  practically invented the jazz style on acoustic guitar. take five was one of the first additions to my treasured, albeit small, record collection.
oh yeah... jazz. i'll go for django and stephan with minor swing. maybe someone else will go for dave brubeck and take five? or pat metheny for that matter...
@lisa i met him a few times and started to thank him for all he had done over the years. he just fell to pieces, could not handle it at all. very self effacing and lacking in ego. mind you, he pointed right back to davey graham. and quite rightly so.
saw him open for neil's acoustic concert a few years ago. had heard him but didn't really know of him or put 2 & 2 together. i went for neil, 1st & only time live for me. now, today, i learn of our loss and grieve his passing, he will be missed.
@lisa  bert was just that. lovely bloke. i reckon there's maybe 6 or 7 wonderful albums by him. it all went a bit wonky in the middle of his career and then he got it back again towards the end. there is a great documentary that features him called "acoustic routes", the bbc did a tribute concert to him recently with many big names paying respect and tribute to him. was a wonderful gig. was at the last pentangle gig a few years ago. was wonderful. and, of course, neil did needle of death - was the bbc concert where i saw him at jack white's place. and neil's comment about his favourite guitarists being hendrix and jansch (mine too) and of the two for neil? jansch. i paraphrase and if someone wants to correct me on the precise quote, feel free.
love bert jansch. nice one, lisa.
he makes it seem effortless. bert jansch walk quietly by http://m.lucywho.com/p21616299/walk-quietly-by/
@o'boogie it isn't or wasn't going to be 'some guy starting a fb group. at all'. i did say, explicitly, that there was no hijacking or spamming involved here.
of course it will shift — when pono music opens its forums. that's not the same as some guy starting a fb group. at all.
@mobius i understand you argument. your closing comment still says we will shift though. as i say, i'll let it rest now.
@mobiusengine, i love that anology. i'm staying here on the kitchen floor. it is where it all began, and i'm staying put.
i agree with everyone. gut instinct says stay here, this is where it's happening. we all scroll through pretty much regularly anyway, don't really mind reading backwards. the info on the music is all here in black and white, not going anywhere! remember when we were making lists of favorite albums/ artists! good ideas! just scroll way down, it is still there. to me, it seems like everything is here, & if we move it will get all spread out. don't like fb idea really! @pono is on twitter after all, & one can always google questions.
@ mobius nice analogy!
this reminds me of a party that has grown out of a chance encounter, the one where you find a group of people sitting uncomfortably in some tiny room or the kitchen floor. those moments in the party were the best ones. the location may be imperfect but the ambiance is working. someone may well say that everyone should move to a better room but sometimes it must be noted that as soon as you shift to a new location everything changes. there are new influences, things change. personally i am happy here on the floor of the kitchen, and i am willing to wait until the bar opens up over at ponomusic before i shift.
@redwood will do...
@kyle  i agree. there's such a positive energy here at the moment. don't want to see it dampened by the inherent limitations of 'here'.
@ ian keep on trucking / philosophising / commenting! :)  [what are the keyboard strokes required to depict the r. crumb 'keep on trucking' sage?] @ kyle hear, hear!
it appears that we've all allowed our impatience with the physical product in october to creep into our desire to have an organized voice and discussion on certain subjects, and that's good.  glad to see such a great community arise from such a product.  it truly is a movement, this vision that pono has sought to achieve... there have been plenty of limitations both here and at pp.org, there's only so much basic web-hosting services can do for us at pp.org unfortunately... i think we will all be pleased once this official pono community becomes reality.
@brian   i am finding it difficult to keep up with a few hundred posts about music as the system does not tell me about them. the other music groups i belong to do send me notifications and i can respond effectively. the more popular music becomes here - and i really hope it will and believe it will and really want to contribute - the more difficult it gets/will get. as for headphones and the like - yes there were negative comments. the recent ones about record cleaners were fine, but they are far more a specialist interest than 'phones. i'll pipe down then.
@ ian sorry if i my comments sound negative - i have no desire to be so. my writing style isn't great. you are extremely positive and i certainly appreciate all the things you've posted to try and help others. i've always 'kept an eye' on this site (i.e., had a browser tab open for viewing every day). i stopped commenting for a while and wondered why everyone didn't migrate to ponopeople but that doesn't appear to be happening..... :) as i said earlier, i appreciate your concern for the way things are shaping up but as there's probably only 3-4 weeks to go till the new pono site is up (including discussion boards?) i tend to think - just let it ride. perhaps @ creator could chime in here later and let us know their view on this? or give us a site eta? (can-of-worms alert!!!!) or - all the current music discussion posters migrate en masse to ponopeople or your facebook group, leaving this place a ghost town :)
@ian, i can see your point about most of the latest posts being about music and, as you say, this comments section is not set up to take topics by thread.  however, i would point out that the comments section has previously been dominated by posts about headphones or record cleaners etc. and i never read any complaints about those discussions. as you know pono is close to or in production so there seems little point in discussing the player itself at present, we've been there.  we're all united by pono and music and i, for one, am getting a lot of ideas and inspiration for filling my microsd cards from discussing music on here.  filling microsd cards with music is directly related to pono for obvious reasons. once the new site is up and running, we can have threads by topic.
@redwood  i fully agree. is part of why pp.org emerged via the efforts of kyle - to help people find information more easily. there was nervousness about that from here, but that site is now recognised very positively by pono - john hamm referring to its spontaneous emergence fem this comments section/ks campaign with delight in his talk on video. so having a site like that is not a problem. pono has also said here that they are looking at their own community site and will welcome people from here and pp.org. so, getting things moving as a continuity is not an issue i feel. there is great energy here for music, of course there is, is our common denominator/connector. whether it is live, vinyl, tape or digital. just suggesting that we could use that for all.
@ ian i think 'finding' things on this site has always been problematic - the kickstarter site design has made that an issue. i believe the majority of posters have 'gone away' until there's firm news from pono (the launch of the updated website within the next month).  i'm sure those that remain will always help out others who may have questions on different topics where they can (the pono team being busy with higher-level activities). cheers
@redwood. i cannot express how much i support the kind of dialogue that is emerging about music. so i am not trying to be negative. the exact opposite. i belong to a couple of music fb groups and the things i learn and the fun we have with that is huge. i now know people well from the dialogue that has happened there. so i want to keep that kind of thing going and encourage it as much as i can. and for that i feel that another place, still pono linked, related and connected, but that provides better facilities, would be helpful. that is all i am saying. i cannot find a lot of stuff in this section because it is serial and single thread. so trawling is the name of the game. i don't know when something moves, a new topic is started and so on. so i end up looking to see if something has moved. can't do that all the time. just simple notifications would make a big difference. even if only to say a new playlist request has been suggested by brian (or anyone else), for example. music is a vast subject. the range of discussions, topics, threads, genres, languages, instruments, artists and, dare i say it, themes, is more or less endless. if a group gets together to discuss, it can go on forever, which i would like it to do.
@lisa   i agree. either pp.org, or, in line with very early discussions i have set up a fb group that will allow us to share music stuff perhaps more effectively. am in no way trying to hijack things, or to spam, just to help out. i really really love music stuff. the only way to find out what is here is to come back all the time - i would rather receive notifications for instance.
@ ian i appreciate your concerns about music discussion swamping other comments, etc., but pono is about music above all. the player is a means to an end – getting hires music files out to a wider audience. i take the view that as the pledging period is over, there's really no harm in it – after all, this isn't a public forum, it's only for backers and anyone is free to make a comment or ask a question on different topics at any time. the ponomusic team are getting on with their tasks and there are no design specs published to talk about, so.... music discussion may be the best subject! i think from previous @creator comments that ponomusic wants this sort of discussion, just that they haven't been able build us the appropriate platform yet – they can't suddenly change their website design timeframe. ponopeople might be a better location in some ways, but the hosting service has similar limitations so i see little gain moving over there. or maybe someone else can see an advantage?
@rich - i am a very big supporter of sharing music in the way it is emerging here. i have not counted but i would imagine that out of the past few hundred comments maybe 5-10 have been about pono related things, the rest has been music. so you can't find the pono related things. which is why we all came here in the first place i think?
@ everyone i think we should try to start incorporating ponopeople as a place for these comments. have to login anyway. call it pono kickstarter comments cont'd. did not mean to spam.
@ian if we do take it to somewhere with links/images.. i'll follow the sun
@ian no worries, re: where we talk about music and how pono this comments section will become if we talk about music. pono seems to me a holistic take on pure music enjoyment.... so far it seems pretty pure to me on here :)
@lisa  @all   am passionate about music and would really like to see a site for it, from this community. this comments section can't do notifications, post urls with thumbnails, allow interchanges in threads and so on. and music has the potential to swamp the rest of the comments as is happening now. i can't see that stopping as i can't see why we would back off posting about music - everyone loves playlists, hearing other people's tastes, recommending tracks and so on. am very positive about what is happening, just concerned that maybe not here for reasons i have already outlined. and this from the person who defended hard against accusations of spamming... which i still do by the way.
@ ian i do agree about the music forum. it's just so easy to come here where we all met b/c of pono! i see the 1st album is now on youtube, i would have to give my husband the credit, he is the one with all the great pentangle, etc. stuff. oh, the letter home dvd, priceless :-)
@lisa  black swan a late album. am sufficiently anorakian that i think i have all of bert's albums. interested to hear your views on bert. last year i managed to find a truly mint copy of moonshine, which has special significance as the master tapes were lost in a fire in the seventies. so all cds are mastered from an lp, played on a not too hot record deck by the sounds of it. do you have the first album, referred to as 'the £100 album' as that is what bill leader paid him for it after it was recorded on a reel to reel in the kitchen? is where needle of death comes from. which brings us back to neil... and how are people getting on with the box set of letter from home?
@all... this is turning into a music forum, which is great and i love it. music is what brings us all together. my question for all of us is whether or not this is the right place for such a focus and shift? this is a ks comments section for pono after all. given that i have staunchly defended any negativity about stuff that surrounds pono but isn't pono (if that makes sense), my comments may seem a bit off. the thing is that any comments here that are about pono are now lost amongst the music comments, and i don't think that will stop, far from it, music is our shared passion after all. please don't think i am against music stuff, i hope no one thinks that. but anyone coming here now would not be able to find much about pono. i really support music forums and am involved a lot with a couple every day. just wondering if it should be here? please don't bite my finger, look at where it is pointing...
@ ian the black swan is one, there is another, i have to look up title. are you interested in any vannuys?
do you guys know these? the river (ketil bjørnstad album) and the sea ketil bjørnstad david darling terje rypdal jon christensen
@lisa, which jansch?  loved him. have more or less all of the albums and a few signed things and spent a little time with him. he was so generous about the way he was ripped off, well and truly, by jimmy page.
i know, but it is june! listened to some david darling, bert jansch, and keith jarrett this weekend. good stuff! thanks everyone for all the posts, great suggestions, keep 'em coming! ideas spark imagination ;-)
ian if jazz includes non vocal: => +1, for take 5.
jazz... brian i won't send you hunting through the comments over 24 hours ago. here goes again:  ella and louis - heaven
@wc is that a miyazaki cell i see?
jazz. there world's your lobster right there. hmmm... either dave brubeck and take five or django and stephan with minor swing. probably the latter. or pat metheny and as falls wichita, so falls wichita falls. oh, i don't know!!!!
@brian, i'd like to add emmylou harris', "boulder to birmingham", please.
@brian milligan, been on a neko case kick for awhile so it's neko case-hold on, hold on
check out this beautiful song by jimmy rankin.http://grooveshark.com/#!/now_playing/beautiful+dream/5oxwo4
@brian - favourite song: "the story in your eyes" by the moody blues from egbdf, 1971. just catching up with all the threads, comment and great info provided by so many on this commentary page. been off-line for a while while earthquake repairs to home are being carried out so have to go to library or internet cafe to connect.
http://grooveshark.com/#!/queue/angie/1mupix
estimated delivery, not guaranteed delivery. they will get it to you.  don't worry. :-)
brian and christmachine:  i love patty too.  i saw her in charlotte, nc on monday night.  it was a great show. got to work tomorrow so i'm signing off.
t shirts it's only june
@creator  where's the t-shirts?!!!
man, i love how this community is leading me back to my vinyl!  spent a lot of today listening to 4 joan armatrading, one phoebe snow and the unique cheap thrills discs, but for my favorite i'm going with:    'to ramona'.   as performed with such feeling by sinead lohan. http://youtu.be/8nhwils8bdo
ian, i saw you're female artist/song was sandy denny's "who knows where the time goes". i thought you might like to hear this version of that wonderful song by a local artist (local to me here in kentucky) named daniel martin moore. i have seen him many times in the last 3 and a half years, and i even got him to play at a local celebration here in my hometown of hodgenville, kentucky called lincoln days (abraham lincoln was born here in hodgenville). anyway, here is daniel martin moore's rendition of "who knows where the time goes". i hope you like it. http://youtu.be/lp8k7w1qkho
@kevin, cheers! manofmystery - at last - etta james  richh - angel from montgomery - bonnie raitt  brianm - help me - joni mitchell  mobiusengine - wow - kate bush  cm - polaroids - shawn colvin  john - hold on - brittany howard of alabama shakes  o'b - you're all i need to get by - aretha franklin  ian - who knows where the time goes - sandy denny  anothertribe - piece of my heart - janis joplin  charlese - mary - patty griffin  cm - you make loving fun - christine mcvie/fleetwood mac  billt - up on the roof-carole king  tjc - you got me hummin' - lydia pense of cold blood kevin - lithium - amy lee from evanescence
@ brian, night. great list so far. amy lee from evanescence - lithium
updated ladies manofmystery - at last - etta james  richh - angel from montgomery - bonnie raitt  brianm - help me - joni mitchell  mobiusengine - wow - kate bush  cm - polaroids - shawn colvin  john - hold on - brittany howard of alabama shakes  o'b - you're all i need to get by - aretha franklin  ian - who knows where the time goes - sandy denny  anothertribe - piece of my heart - janis joplin  charlese - mary - patty griffin  cm - you make loving fun - christine mcvie/fleetwood mac billt - up on the roof-carole king tjc - you got me hummin' - lydia pense of cold blood goodnight folks!
lydia pense of cold blood - you got me hummin'
up on the roof-carole king
@brian thanks for the tip. i'm downloading it now. night!
o'b, i love the whole album.  coltrane's playing is amazing, hartman sings his ass off and the song selection is close to perfection. goodnight.
@brian oh, god. love johnny hartman's voice. for real. that's perfect. @mom goodnight!
@o'b, he does indeed have a wonderful voice.  we do seem to correlate very nicely. goodnight, miss (or ms.)
right, final post from me tonight.  my favourite jazz track is they say it's wonderful by john coltrane and johnny hartman. first cut of favourite jazz tracks: manofmystery - st.thomas - sonny rollins o'b - embraceable you - jimmy scott brianm - they say it's wonderful - john coltrane and johnny hartman.
@mom his voice is extraordinary. we must have very similar taste in toons.  :-) goodnight, sir.
o'b, have you been reading my mind?  i love jimmy scott and nearly chose they say it's wonderful from falling in love is wonderful. it's good night from me :)
@mom: jimmy scott, embraceable you
love patty griffin!!!   logging out, be back later all.
@brian yes, thanks bud. :)
@charles - patty is awesome, i have all of her albums. @cm - more comfortable now? manofmystery - at last - etta james  richh - angel from montgomery - bonnie raitt  brianm - help me - joni mitchell  mobiusengine - wow - kate bush  cm - polaroids - shawn colvin  john - hold on - brittany howard of alabama shakes  o'b - you're all i need to get by - aretha franklin  ian - who knows where the time goes - sandy denny  anothertribe - piece of my heart - janis joplin charlese - mary - patty griffin cm - you make loving fun - christine mcvie/fleetwood mac
fleetwood mac / christine mcvie - you make loving fun
mary- patty griffin
o'b, what's your favourite jazz track?  no fence sitting now or that rear end will be aching!
@anothertribe - great pick! another updated female list manofmystery - at last - etta james  richh - angel from montgomery - bonnie raitt  brianm - help me - joni mitchell  mobiusengine - wow - kate bush  cm - polaroids - shawn colvin  john - hold on - brittany howard of alabama shakes  o'b - you're all i need to get by - aretha franklin  ian - who knows where the time goes - sandy denny anothertribe - piece of my heart - janis joplin cm - still fence sitting!
tough call however i will choose janis joplin and her rendition of piece of my heart as my female artist pick.
here is the updated female list manofmystery - at last - etta james  richh - angel from montgomery - bonnie raitt  brianm - help me - joni mitchell  mobiusengine - wow - kate bush  cm - polaroids - shawn colvin  john - brittany howard of alabama shakes - hold on o'b - you're all i need to get by - aretha franklin ian - who knows where the time goes - sandy denny cm - still fence sitting! ian - the theme here is female!  great choice of track though.
has to be sandy denny then. who knows where the time goes. but i find picking a single anything more or less impossible. desert island discs has 8 records, that seems more like it to me.  themed tunes idea allows a greater choice, happy to go along with this though. i would rather pick a top 5 of any category tbh.
o'b, it's on an hdtracks free compilation, very uplifting track :)
@o'b, st.thomas - sonny rollins
@mom what is the first jazz track? get it started!
i'm loving this playlist lark and when we're done with the ladies (if ever) can we do for jazz tracks please.  love new inspiration!
it's real hard to choose over joni and christine mcvie...if it was about catalog of songs i might have to choose mcvie...so i get that fence thing o'boogie. :)
i kinda guessed lol
i got off the fence. my arse is a bit sore from all the fence sitting. how did you know? haha. :-p
@brian...thanks. you rock...great job. @o'boggie awesome right. she sings like an angel.
thanks o'b - great choice!
i love that whole shawn colvin record, christmachine. prairie on fire is probably my favorite track. @brian, i'll go with you're all i need to get by. i think.
@o'b and ian k, can you please get off that fence before you get a sore butt!
@cm, got it! in a similar vein, i once saw a live version of don mclean, prime time and it outclassed the album version.
@brian ...i can't listen to the album version shawn colvin - polaroids...there's foo much production that get's in the way of the lyrics and intent. also her vocal inflections are different on the album version you posted. if you can post this live version it's the way it should be imo... http://www.youtube.com/watch… if it's too much to ask to switch, then no worries. just know that version is not my favorite song. lolz
so far the female list is: manofmystery - at last - etta james richh - angel from montgomery - bonnie raitt brianm - help me - joni mitchell mobiusengine - wow - kate bush cm - polaroids - shawn colvin john - brittany howard of alabama shakes - hold on o'b and ian yet to make their minds up and manofmystery chose two etta james tracks (i omitted i just wanna make love to you because it was the second post). thanks folks!
@brian lullabye by emitt rhodes, bought the album a long time ago, will have to look it upo again. memories!
my favorite female track... shawn colvin - polaroids (this live version (link below), blows the album version away) http://www.youtube.com/watch… love this!!!
o'b, great track, beautiful lyrics!
i love that emitt rhodes track. it's beautiful. i love thunder's love walked in. anyone know that track? love the lyrics.
thanks mobius engine! maybe we should have a list of really short great tracks next.  has anyone else heard lullabye by emitt rhodes?
the female artists list so far. bring 'em on. llp!  http://www.youtube.com/playlist…
cm, all's cool then i think. ozzy is in there.
pono gives us so much more than hires and a great player!  llp!
@mobiusengine...no problem :) i like to call oz's original band that wrote the first too albums to revive his career "the blizzard of oz band" as that's what they had agreed upon before the release. when blizzard was released the album said oz*y osbou*ne - the blizzard of oz. sharon said it was a printing mistake and miscommunication (yeah right). randy rhoads, bob daisley, lee kerslake, & don  airey actually wrote almost all the songs and lyrics on both albums. oz contributed a few lines of lyrics and a few melodies, he really just sang the songs. bad taste in die hard fans. @john thanks for clarifying i'm trying to think of my favorite female song maybe shawn colvin, emmylou harris, joni and christine mcvie come strong as well...i'll figure it out today.
here's brittany howard helping out my morning jacket sing the band's "it makes no difference" from newport in 2012. http://youtu.be/ea5nwo3_kgs
here's the "official video" for hold on. http://youtu.be/le-3mibxqtw
my favorite female artist right now is brittany howard of alabama shakes. they only have one album out but are already a recognized force in modern blues and rock music. i have seen them live twice. the "go to" song of theirs (their first single) is hold on. this video is from 2012 on seattle's kexp radio station. there are several songs here, but hold on starts at about 14:44. http://youtu.be/hulihlj5rum
those keys are very close john!
sorry, i meant "mobiusengine"
moviusengine, cm was talking about ozzy osbourne's band the blizzard of oz's song, diary of a madman (also one of my favorite heavy metal songs from the 1980's. i remember playing it very loudly on my grandparents stereo from 8-track tape while they were out of the house). http://youtu.be/b_x73qvw2-g
cheers mobiusengine!
http://www.youtube.com/playlist… that is an epic playlist and great fun to listen to. opened my eyes to quite a few tunes, even ones i knew already. my apologies to cm, as i couldn't find the blizzard band. female artists next, to whit joni and sundays are waiting to head the line up.
my female song is i just wanna make love to you by etta james
@bill, another great choice sir!
born to run-bruce springsteen
@anothertribe, fantastic choice - i love that whole album! the latest iteration of the list is as follows: o'b - woman - john lennon  dan s - powderfinger - neil young & crazy horse  wanda - parisienne walkways by gary moore/phil lynott  ian k - blabber 'n smoke - captain beefheart  kevin - little coloured baloons - john murry  brian m - for no one - the beatles  jim h - fisherman's blues - the waterboys  eduard n - a case of you - joni mitchell  siltech - stairway to heaven - led zeppelin  mobiusengine - life on mars - david bowie  rich h - a day in the life - the beatles  peter r - my finest hour - the sundays  manofmystery - all the ways i want you - bruce cockburn  tijn - think of you - jon allen  john - steam engine - my morning jacket  cm - diary of a madman - blizzard of oz band joe b - wild west end - dire straits wc - my boy - neil young frank - about a girl - nirvana anothertribe - romeo had juliette - lou reed
i'm a sucker fo lists...... single favorite song is impossible but lou reed - 'romeo had juliette' certainly is on my personal favorites list. instantly takes me back to a time and place of particularly bittersweet memories.
natural woman? or  maybe you're all i need to get by? so many great tracks to choose from.
i think i'll have to pick an aretha franklin track. still trying to decide on which track, however.
that is dave grohl of course
once we established our list, i will make a playlist of the songs i already have and look for the ones i do not have yet, always great to listen to music i do not know. btw, watched the 50 year celebration concert for the beatles at ed sullivan show (bad sentence but you get the idea), steve grohl and jeff lynn did hey bulldog, great!
thanks ed, i actually knew that (a few months ago, i made the same mistake, looked it up.... ) *grin
@rich 2nd place stevie nicks (fleetwood mac) - songbird   that is christine mcvie singing but it is a great song (recorded in a separate (empty)hall in sf
@brian  i thought i heard thunder (stevie nicks) or was it just your tummy rumbling :) ?
after posts by frank, the revised list is: o'b - woman - john lennon  dan s - powderfinger - neil young & crazy horse  wanda - parisienne walkways by gary moore/phil lynott  ian k - blabber 'n smoke - captain beefheart  kevin - little coloured baloons - john murry  brian m - for no one - the beatles  jim h - fisherman's blues - the waterboys  eduard n - a case of you - joni mitchell  siltech - stairway to heaven - led zeppelin  mobiusengine - life on mars - david bowie  rich h - a day in the life - the beatles  peter r - my finest hour - the sundays  manofmystery - all the ways i want you - bruce cockburn  tijn - think of you - jon allen  john - steam engine - my morning jacket  cm - diary of a madman - blizzard of oz band  joe b - wild west end - dire straits  wc - my boy - neil young frank  p - about a girl - nirvana i'll compile the female list later, lunch calls loudly.
great choices people.
jazz vocalists? ella - louis - heaven
bonnie raitt - angel from montgomery  2nd place stevie nicks (fleetwood mac) - songbird 3rd annie lennox - why
mobiusengine, i you could set up a playlists that would be great.  pono is bringing me far more than i ever thought it could!
favourite female artist/song. toss up between cloudbusting, kate bush and who knows where the time goes, sandy denny. have to think which one to go for. kate on my avatar sat upon one of reich's cloudbusters...
brian, are you setting up a youtube playlist or is that too far? i don't mind gathering the source.
thanks frank!
a female artist list is a great idea but i find myself much more torn. i would immediately narrow it down to kate bush or tori amos but choosing one song is tough. for the sake of what's moving my right now it would be invisible boy by tori amos. ... if it was going to be one of all time though, probably wow by kate bush.
my favourite song by a female is help me by joni mitchell.
nirvana - about a girl
if i was allowed two, i'd go for sinead o'connor - nothing compares 2u.
eduard, a female list is a great idea.  i'll go for at last by etta james.
frank, what's your one favourite song ever?
eduard, your pick would be in my top three.  joni mitchell is awesome.  i don't think there is any sexism afoot!
just hearing a letter home via headphone from itunes on my ipad. what great songs and hearing experiense. love it. yesterday i saw the songs first with the videos and i was blown away.  hope pono will be such a thing too.
just noticed i am the only one who selected a woman, all others are male, so make another list; best song by a female (although i know music is music).
after posts by joe and wc, the revised list is: o'b - woman - john lennon  dan s - powderfinger - neil young & crazy horse  wanda - parisienne walkways by gary moore/phil lynott  ian k - blabber 'n smoke - captain beefheart  kevin - little coloured baloons - john murry  brian m - for no one - the beatles  jim h - fisherman's blues - the waterboys  eduard n - a case of you - joni mitchell  siltech - stairway to heaven - led zeppelin  mobiusengine - life on mars - david bowie  rich h - a day in the life - the beatles  peter r - my finest hour - the sundays  manofmystery - all the ways i want you - bruce cockburn  tijn - think of you - jon allen  john - steam engine - my morning jacket  cm - diary of a madman - blizzard of oz band joe b - wild west end - dire straits wc - my boy - neil young that is quite a playlist!  thanks folks.
record cleaning. i bought a disco antistat record cleaner after reading lots of reviews and recommendations. cost around £40. http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/knosti-disco-antistat-record-cleaning-kit-/181340923610… you can spend (easily) 20 times that amount on very fancy machines that clean and suck all the debris out of the grooves. the disco has proved trouble free and really easy to use. the one thing that it doesn't do well is dry the records. so.... the disco has a hub with a spindle with which you clamp the record. you can see it in the ebay url. the hub covers the label so that it does not get wet. after cleaning when the record is very wet, i put the spindle in a cordless electric drill and spin the record for a minute or so. the cleaning fluid flies off it, taking all residue with it and leaves the record very much as new. it sounds like a mix of comical/dramatic/dodgy/dangerous, but isn't at all. my vinyl is very precious to me - i have some rare stuff - so i would not risk them. tried with a low value record first and i can vouch for it. there are three problems i think. one is static from the pressing process, second is the release agent used in the pressing process (same for tyres/tires - it has to be scrubbed off before the things will grip properly) and lastly is the debris that the static attracts, which if the record isn't new will be stuck in the grooves and which if it is, very soon will be. cleaning fluid i use is home made, but done after a lot of research. 50% distilled water, 50% isopropyl alcohol and 1, maybe 2 drops os washing up liquid. the kind without any scent in it. distilled water best bought from a motor factor as supermarkets charge a lot - people use it in irons. i both 5litres for a couple of £/$. isopropyl from ebay, delivered. 5litre didn't cost much. had to hunt around for unscented, simple washing up liquid. it is essential though as it is a wetting agent and otherwise static will return quickly and you will be back where you started. http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/1-x-5-litre-ipa-isopropyl-alcohol-isopropanol-liquid-99-9-tamperproof-cap-/251257851755… record sleeves - i use mobile fidelity anti static, others available of course, no problems with the mofis. http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/mobile-fidelity-inner-record-sleeves-pack-of-100-/231189526718… as for stylus cleaning, neat isopropyl on a stylus brush. i invested in an audio technica stylus cleaner - was always reckoned to be the best, not sure they still make them? mine from ebay at around £75, but worth it if you have a large collection/expensive cartridge/stylus. http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/audio-technica-electronic-stylus-cleaner-at-637-very-rare-excellent-condition-/161326286693… record storage? i use shelving from ikea. there is one particular system that is just the right depth and has shelves that don't buckle with the weight of vinyl. as cm says, always store upright, not too tight that the sleeve get compressed, nit too loose so that they can start to lean - that way lies warped records. you can get machines that straighten warped records by heating and clamping, but they are really expensive. well, they are in my terms anyway. ikea even featured their storage as ideal for vinyl... http://londonjazzcollector.wordpress.com/2013/02/15/valentine-special-ikea-loves-vinyl/ i find that after a really good wet clean with the disco, the level of surface noise drops right off, the things that i sometimes thought were scratches were just dirt that i could not see, static is banished, so almost no need to clean them again and the stylus does not get clogged. no down side really. oh yeah - my turntable (michell gyrodec se) does not have a mat. the platter is made from vinyl, which if you think about it makes sense. i treat the platter with the same washing fluid every now and again and that also kills the static. hope this helps. i
@brian milligan- if i'm not too late to get in on this, mine would be, neil young's, "my boy".
the custom fees are brutal.
once again, i appreciate your info. thanks alot.
that's right as well..shipping from us to canada sucks because of the possibility of getting hit with huge custom fees. definately buy all you can in ca.
yeah if you want to go that route. have fun!
sorry about double post
at toronto home of audiophile store they use.   spin clean record washer product review: (45) it's simple and quick to use and results are excellent, among the best we've encountered from any lp cleaner. the fluid is safe on all discs except cut lacquers (including 78s) and really the only drawback is the need for manual drying. only $79.99  share this product zoom
at toronto home of audiophile store they use.   spin clean record washer product review: (45) it's simple and quick to use and results are excellent, among the best we've encountered from any lp cleaner. the fluid is safe on all discs except cut lacquers (including 78s) and really the only drawback is the need for manual drying. only $79.99  share this product zoom
i know..one of my faults is that i'm verbose...i know your just joking haha. what i got into was nil some people can talk all day about how they clean vinyl...i like to listen. hopefully when pono comes out everyone will be able to access hi-res in an easy way.
i feel like i just graduated from vinyl record cleaning school.
some say alcohol can be bad for records if not diluted enough. if you're worried as i am not. use distilled water and ivory dishsoap works great as well on the cheap. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vinyl_disc_records_preservation sorry for hi-jacking the thread/ carry on with pono all. :) as o' boogie would say llp!!!
great answers, and well appreciated
some vinyl pressing companies leave some of the plastic residue in the grooves when the vinyl is cut so new vinyl should get washed if you can spot some leftover lacquer in the grooves. some people wash there vinyl several times, new vinyl too...and every time a black lacquer residue is left on the cloth. that's why people buy auto vinyl cleaning machines. there are aerosol type sprays which work great as well, just always twist the vinyl while cleaning and after spraying on the cloth the same direction the vinyl plays. do not wipe cross groove from the inside out, obviously. i use this spray gruv glide as well for a strong lubricant. it's expensive but it works awesome. http://www.musicdirect.com/p-7156-rozoil-gruv-glide.aspx heres the brush i use http://www.musicdirect.com/p-7193-hunt-eda-mk-6-carbon-fiber-brush.aspx…; and here for the stylus brush...you can get one cheper if you look around http://www.musicdirect.com/p-220735-pro-ject-clean-it-stylus-brush.aspx heres the brush and cleaner...i just use water and alcohol mix but some people buy these together http://www.musicdirect.com/p-7292-mobile-fidelity-mfsl-lp-9-stylus-cleaner.aspx…; hope that helps. solutions can be made at home on the cheap but you have to do some research and see what works best for you. :)
i clean my vinyl with a velvet like brush while they spin on the tt. i make my own cleaning fluid of 50% isopropyl alcohol and 50% water...adjust ratio as necessary. i use a small plastic spray bottle that is adjustable to mist. then i wipe clean a few times with a vinyl cleaning cloth you can buy at any vinyl shop or vinyl accesories stores. the isopropylalcohol kills some of the static and removes dust, mold and dirt. i also use a demagnetizing plate...flipping the vinyl a few times for about 15 minutes. some people use record cleaning machines but that gets expensive...the vinyl spins in a sudzy solution. if you have old vinyl their great...do a search online for "make your own vinyl cleaning solution' and you will find all kinds of recipes. for the stylus there is a small brush that usually comes with the sytlus's, at least they do with my ortofons but you can buy one for a few dollars. brush very carefully. ;)
the record album sleeve, go over album only correct. if so, do you put album cardboard in a cover? i'm still learning. thanks
also the website says 60-70 pieces of vinyl. that's wrong, maybe without the cardboard sleeves. in my experience they fit about 40-50 vinyls with cardboard covers in the plastic sleeves as well.
i have all my vinyl in these...not necessary and can get expensive but for permanant storage, i bought one at a time and just kept filling them up. gc has sales on holidays as well so you could wait for a massive store sale which they have a few times a year. again not necessary but i love them. http://www.guitarcenter.com/eurolite-lp-70-lp-case-100894732-i1173632.gc
@christmachine since we're on same frequency, how do you clean your vinyl, and stylus? thank you sir,
@christmachine since we're on same frequency, how do you clean your vinyl, and stylus? thank you sir,
standing up...with the spines facing out. also i keep mine in cheap roadcases/
@christmachine thanks
thanks.  also, whats the best way to prevent vinyl albums from warping? also, whats best way of storing? ( what i mean is, do you stand them, or lay flat.
or here https://www.dustygroove.com/item/34560
i have a few thousand pieces of vinyl in this brand plastic sleeves. beware of the ones on amazon they are either too thin or too thick to fit. this music company is awesome...only the top quality. order online from them if you can or at least find this brand. big thumbs up, using them for years. http://www.newburycomics.com/rel/v2_viewupc.php…
what's the best way at home to protect your vinyl albums?
@brian great job! awesome songs peeps...now that's a playlist.
wild west end - dire straits
apologies folks, a couple of typos were in that list.  i don't know what i was thinking about :) joe allen plays for liverpool, jon allen sings! so the new list is now:  o'b - woman - john lennon  dan s - powderfinger - neil young & crazy horse  wanda - parisienne walkways by gary moore/phil lynott  ian k - blabber 'n smoke - captain beefheart kevin - little coloured baloons - john murry  brian m - for no one - the beatles  jim h - fisherman's blues - the waterboys  eduard n - a case of you - joni mitchell  siltech - stairway to heaven - led zeppelin  mobiusengine - life on mars - david bowie  rich h - a day in the life - the beatles  peter r - my finest hour - the sundays  manofmystery - all the ways i want you - bruce cockburn  tijn - think of you - jon allen  john - steam engine - my morning jacket  cm - diary of a madman - blizzard of oz band
cm, our mails overlapped :) so the new list is now: o'b - woman - john lennon  dan s - powderfinger - neil young & crazy horse  wanda - parisienne walkways by gary moore/phil lynott  ian k - captain beefheart - blabber 'n smoke  kevin - little coloured baloons - john murry  brian m - for no one - the beatles  jim h - fisherman's blues - the waterboys  eduard n - a case of you - joni mitchell  siltech - stairway to heaven - led zeppelin  mobiusengine - life on mars - david bowie  rich h - a day in the life - the beatles  peter r - my finest hour - the sundays  manofmystery - all the ways i want you - bruce cockburn  tijn - think of you - joe allen  john - steam engine - my morning jacket cm  - diary of a madman - blizzard of oz band
so the new list is now: o'b - woman - john lennon  dan s - powderfinger - neil young & crazy horse  wanda - parisienne walkways by gary moore/phil lynott  ian k - captain beefheart - blabber 'n smoke  kevin - little coloured baloons - john murry  brian m - for no one - the beatles  jim h - fisherman's blues - the waterboys  eduard n - a case of you - joni mitchell  siltech - stairway to heaven - led zeppelin  mobiusengine - life on mars - david bowie  rich h - a day in the life - the beatles  peter r - my finest hour - the sundays  manofmystery - all the ways i want you - bruce cockburn  tijn - think of you - joe allen john - steam engine - my morning jacket it's quite interesting that there's no jazz, world music (dreadful expression), soul, blues or classical yet.  those have to be markets that pono would appeal to surely.
i just caught up. @richheart thanks for the kind words. :) @brian...my one song?  diary of a madman - blizzard of oz band https://www.youtube.com/watch… https://www.youtube.com/watch… ;)
@john, great track fella!
my favorite song at the moment is my morning jacket's "steam engine". here are a few links. the first one is of the lead singer performing it alone in the rolling stone studios many years ago (it is very, very moving. please give it a full listening/viewing).  http://youtu.be/tshm5fiochy the second one is a fan recording (with soundboard audio, but missing the first few notes) from port chester, new york in december of 2012. http://youtu.be/rqc3jorougu the last link is from their unstaged  web-cast from may 31, 2011 in their hometown of louisville, kentucky. (there are a few glitches in audio and video quality but is very worth a full viewing.) these guys are powerful live! http://youtu.be/gdxyg_9gc0u
o'b, the tenuous link between  i want to be around you and god only knows is the beach boys moniker.  teenage fanclub being the bellshill beach boys, the town where i went to school (the same one as sheena easton). @mobiusengine, thank you :)
i'll have to check out that jonny track. but yes, god only knows is  brilliant song!
@brian, that's a great compilation. well done.
what's up?
the teenage fanclub meets gorky's zygotic mynci group jonny produced a great song in i want to be around you.
i'm amazed that god only knows by the beach boys was no-one's favourite song.  it's a classic!
ok, that is officially my favorite playlist already (also obsessed with that talking heads track).
o'b i'll oblige there - i may also add an underrated talking heads number called this must be the place (naive melody). loving the new song introductions pono posters.
i love sweet thing! and just like a woman. someone needs to assemble these songs into a playlist for me  :-)
not that i'm encouraging second favourite songs but absolutely cuckoo by the magnetic fields is fab.
sweet thing by van morrison came close. @ian, the u.s. radio stations make your task nearly impossible.
the lyrics to just like a woman nearly made that my choice.
@tijn, i'll go with your first pick so the list is now: o'b - woman - john lennon dan s - powderfinger - neil young & crazy horse wanda - parisienne walkways by gary moore/phil lynott ian k - captain beefheart - blabber 'n smoke kevin - little coloured baloons - john murry brian m - for no one - the beatles jim h - fisherman's blues - the waterboys eduard n - a case of you - joni mitchell siltech - stairway to heaven - led zeppelin mobiusengine - life on mars - david bowie rich h - a day in the life - the beatles peter r - my finest hour - the sundays manofmystery - all the ways i want you - bruce cockburn tijn - think of you - joe allen any more people?
or should i have submitted "in your light" (jon allen again)? grrrrr, guess i'm as human as o'b is...
"think of you" by jon allen... gets to me every time.
o'b, i read that you are a proof reader, what's causing your typos? you really got me by the kinks is another classic.
glen hansard
a more recent favorite for me would have to be falling slowly by gken hansard. stunning song. what do you mean i can't have 20 favorites?
one of the top list below. + submit new song the full list 500 - 401 400 - 301 300 - 201 200 - 101 100 - 1 500shop around lyrics smokey robinson 499buddy holly lyrics weezer 498miss you lyrics rolling stones 497the rising lyrics bruce springsteen 496running on empty lyrics jackson browne 495brown sugar lyrics rolling stones 494ignition (remix) lyrics r. kelly 493time to pretend lyrics mgmt 492i will survive lyrics gloria gaynor 491i love rock n' roll lyrics joan jett and the blackhearts 490clocks lyrics coldplay 489under the boardwalk lyrics the drifters 488just like heaven lyrics the cure 487i'm eighteen lyrics alice cooper 486young americans lyrics david bowie 485lady marmalade lyrics labelle 484cry me a river lyrics justin timberlake 483white rabbit lyrics jefferson airplane 482since you been gone lyrics kelly clarkson 481super freak lyrics james rick 480beastie boys lyrics beastie boys 479i want to know what love is lyrics foreigner 478last nite lyrics strokes 477how soon is now? lyrics the smiths 476do right woman -- do right man lyrics aretha franklin 475where did our love go lyrics the supremes 474into the mystic lyrics van morrison 473welcome to the jungle lyrics guns 'n roses 472runaway lyrics del shannon 471surrender lyrics cheap trick 470standing in the shadows of love lyrics four tops 469rain lyrics beatles 468respect yourself lyrics the staple singers 467big pimpin' lyrics jay-z 466get ur freak on lyrics missy elliott 465rollin' stone lyrics muddy waters 464kiss lyrics prince 463soul man lyrics sam & dave 462all apologies lyrics nirvana 461sheena is a punkrocker lyrics the ramones 460my sweet lord lyrics george harrison 459paradise city lyrics guns 'n roses 458cupid lyrics sam cooke 457the twist lyrics chubby checker 456penny lane lyrics beatles 455heroin lyrics velvet underground 454leader of the pack lyrics the shangri-las 453pressure drop lyrics toots and the maytals 452come as you are lyrics nirvana 451i got you babe lyrics sonny & cher 450i shot the sheriff lyrics bob marley 449come go with me lyrics soundtrack artists 448in da club lyrics 50 cent 447pink houses lyrics mellencamp john cougar 446push it lyrics salt n pepa 445i wanna be your dog lyrics stooges 444love me tender lyrics elvis presley 443beast of burden lyrics rolling stones 442alone again or lyrics love 441mustang sally lyrics wilson pickett 440ramble on lyrics led zeppelin 439midnight train to georgia lyrics gladys knight and the pips 438ain't that a shame lyrics fats domino 437white man in hammersmith palais lyrics the clash 436everybody needs somebody to love lyrics solomon burke 435new year's day lyrics u2 434smoke on the water lyrics deep purple 433tumbling dice lyrics rolling stones 432american idiot lyrics green day 431william, it was really nothing lyrics the smiths 430blue suede shoes lyrics elvis presley 429piano man lyrics billy joel 428it's your thing lyrics the isley brothers 427nuthin but a g thang lyrics dr. dre 426suite: judy blue eyes lyrics crosby stills nash 425fuck tha police lyrics nwa 424juicy lyrics notorious b.i.g. 423boys of the summer lyrics don henley 422i can't help myself lyrics four tops 421young blood lyrics the coasters 420the girl can't help it lyrics little richard 419ode to billie joe lyrics bobbie gentry 418i feel love lyrics donna summer 417monkey gone to heaven lyrics pixies 416sweet emotion lyrics aerosmith 415in bloom lyrics nirvana 414we've only just begun lyrics the carpenters 413visions of johanna lyrics bob dylan 412umbrella lyrics rihanna 411c'mon everybody lyrics cochran eddie 410thank you (falettinme be mice elf agin) lyrics sly & the family stone 409tonight's the night lyrics the shirelles 408enter sandman lyrics metallica 407sweet home alabama lyrics lynyrd skynyrd 406thirteen lyrics big star 405don't fear the reaper lyrics blue oyster cult 404remember (walkin' in the sand) lyrics the shangri-las 403can't help falling in love lyrics elvis presley 402ooh child lyrics the five stairsteps 401summer in the city lyrics lovin spoonful view all hot videos fancy videos taylor swift - red videos we are one (ole ola) [the official 2014 fifa world cup song] (audio) videos bailando videos taylor swift - love story (lyric video) videos problem (lyric video) videos taylor swift - mean videos view all hot songs #1 let it go lyrics idina menzel #2 all of me lyrics john legend #3 (disney's frozen) let it go lyrics idina menzel #4 problem lyrics ariana grande #5 do you wanna build a snowman? lyrics kristen bell view all music news see lyric art for matisyahu's new album akeda win a foster the people prize pack including handwritten lyrics to 'best friend' alex & sierra's "scarecrow" lyric video stars a cute pair of puppets what are the best songs of 2014 (so far)? top 100 around the world discover the top 100 songs in: latin america | france | asia read more: rolling stone magazine's top 500 songs page 5 | metrolyrics
i may compile a list of alternative songs suggested by people other than their one favourite song which currently reads as: o'b - woman - john lennon dan s - powderfinger - neil young & crazy horse wanda - parisienne walkways by gary moore/phil lynott ian k - captain beefheart - blabber 'n smoke kevin - little coloured baloons - john murry brian m - for no one - the beatles jim h - fisherman's blues - the waterboys eduard n - a case of you - joni mitchell siltech - stairway to heaven - led zeppelin mobiusengine - life on mars - david bowie rich h - a day in the life - the beatles peter r - my finest hour - the sundays manofmystery - all the ways i want you - bruce cockburn
springsteen's i'm on fire hits the spot but i'm sticking with bruce cockburn.
come get to this by marvin gaye from let's get it on is just great too.
i keep thinking of songs. how about you do something to me, paul weller?
@mom  uh-oh, can of worms right there by the looks of it. contradictory lists and data all over the place it seems.
@mom... was an oft quoted thing a few years ago, but can't find any reference to it. seems like most lists now name the righteous brothers hit as the big one.
seems not. you've lost that loving feeling apparently...
ian, is that measurable in the u.s.?  they have so many radio stations there it would be so difficult to do surely.
wasn't stairway the most played track on american radio. is that right?
and me! i've discovered a few amazing tracks. thanks, guys!
me also, some great tracks too!
i'm loving this!
@mom, that's a great track! @brian, add that to my list! haha.
@mom, that's a great track! @brian, add that to my list! haha.
right, so we now have the following one favourite song entries: o'b - woman - john lennon dan s - powderfinger - neil young & crazy horse wanda - parisienne walkways by gary moore/phil lynott ian k - captain beefheart - blabber 'n smoke kevin - little coloured baloons - john murry brian m - for no one - the beatles jim h - fisherman's blues - the waterboys eduard n - a case of you - joni mitchell siltech - stairway to heaven - led zeppelin mobiusengine - life on mars - david bowie rich h - a day in the life - the beatles peter r - my finest hour - the sundays manofmystery - all the ways i want you - bruce cockburn any more folks?
one favourite track is so hard but mine would have to be all the ways i want you by bruce cockburn.
meanwhile.... not sure if anyone is up for it apart from rich and eduard, but pono themed tunes is now up and running. motto is 'venit vox de natoque', which, as i am sure we will all know, is 'come on feel the noise'. if anyone would like to join, let me know with an email address or fb and you are most welcome to join in. if no one interested, no problem. currently only members from this community.
oh, alright then...
ian, no, that would be cheating.
i have two identities on here, so could add another?
gary moore is great,
@brian! you added my other song under my mom's name! haha! perfect!
o'b, the guy who writes game of thrones uses an old dos pc word processor to avoid auto correct, it is infuriating!
the latest offerings for one (1) favourite song are: o'b - woman - john lennon dan s - powderfinger - neil young & crazy horse wanda - parisienne walkways by gary moore/phil lynott ian k - captain beefheart - blabber 'n smoke kevin - little coloured baloons - john murry brian m - for no one - the beatles jim h - fisherman's blues - the waterboys eduard n - a case of you - joni mitchell siltech - stairway to heaven - led zeppelin mobiusengine - life on mars - david bowie rich h - a day in the life - the beatles peter r - my finest hour - the sundays do we have any more folks?
there was supposed to be a period after me. damn autocorrect!
@brian, that's me  you've got me sussed. ;-)
o'b, you're just a rebel rule breaker :)
@brian, if you're making me choose, then i'm going with woman by john lennon. yes, i realize this is an entirely new song that i haven't mentioned before. sorry? hahaha.
o'b, if you were tied to tree and were granted one song before being lashed, what would it be?  i'm trying to compile a list here :)
good choice mobiusengine!
the one and only song, if i had to had to choose only one would be 'life on mars' by bowie. life changing stuff every time.
@brian and maybe led zeppelin, since i've been loving you, too. #toomanyfavoritesongs
@rich. will set it up and see who would like to join. is just a fun thing.
@brian now that i think of it ... that's a great idea! pretend i'm logged in as my mom and add parisienne walkways by gary moore/phil lynott. ;-)
don't worry fb really protects your privacy. i couldn't even find you by typing in your email address.
yep... got me
you see, i thought i was the ian kendrick on fb, as when you could ask for a fb name i managed to get mine accepted. much to my surprise.
messaged a couple of the ian kendrick (s) that appeared pertinent. hope i found you :)
@rich can you add me on fb please, assuming you are there? need to do so with someone from this group to set up fb page. you should be able to find me easily enough.
@ian rock it, man (that's a big yes :))
the way that our current themed tunes works is that you have to choose a song with the theme in the title of the song. failing that, with the theme in the lyrics of the song, failing that is about the theme, or failing that has a wacky connection to the theme in some way. that way almost everyone can find something in the music they like or know and can be part of it. also, is great when someone posts something you have not heard for ages. as i say, it took us a while to figure out a simple formula that allowed a wide variety of people and a wide variety of music to mix together. i think we have got it as simple as can be. group is now more or less self regulating/moderating and seemingly self perpetuating. have only had to intervene as moderator twice in a year. i have to go out now (daily visit to my 90 year old mum), back in a few hours. if there is support for the idea, i would be happy to set something up on fb. if we find out that what we currently have needs modifying for this group, no problem, am only offering a starting point if it is helpful. would take me an hour or so to set it up, then invite in those who would like to participate, would need facebook or email addresses for that.  the way we run it is that members can invite others in. oh yeah... we limit each member to 5 posts a day otherwise it gets unwieldy/unmanageable/overwhelming, and people turn off. just stuff we have learned since we started. sort of goes along with recent dialogue elsewhere about how music is a universal global connector. never mind sort of. is. anyhow, will do what the group feels best. cheers i
"some kind of man who can't do anything wrong. if i see him, i'll tell him, you're waiting. 'cos i did my time in your rodeo, fool that i am, i'd do it all over again..." :)
or, in the same vain:  sitting in an english garden waiting for the sun if the sun don't come you get a tan from standing in the english rain
*off - typos!
how about: favourite line/phrase within a song. for example: mamonia from 'band on the run': "....so lay down your umbrella, strip of your plastic mac... you never felt the rain, my friend, 'til you felt it running down your back."  the timing and phrasing of that part of the lyric used to hang me in nirvana, every time.
ha, hi eduard, typed together.... morning mate :)
@ian good morning (saturday) 2nd cup of coffee, walked liz, the 5yo lab retriever. themes, shared music, song of the day... i love it. in 'grammar school' we would wait on a tuesday for the radio 1 hit top 20 to be announced. slade: "cum on, feel the noise" would be my name for the group just saying :)
morning ian, good idea, love these hings, let's do it
am in danger of going on.... not like me i know. turns out there is another themed tunes group out there. looks like started after ours, such is life eh? they have a different formula, but it goes to show that the idea is out there. if any interest here, am happy to 'donate' the structure and guidelines stuff. has worked well for us. best i
@kinch - which sort of shows how music helps you to get to know people. i now know that we share that album in common. over time you really get to know people's tastes and they yours. mind you, you also get to find out what they like that you don't... :o)
@kinch - i just got the jonathan wilson album last week on vinyl, heard one track on the radio and ordered it straight away. is very good indeed imho
a friend and i started a group on facebook a while ago called themed tunes. each day someone picks a theme and members post their favourite tracks for that theme. the daily theme is part of a wider theme that lasts a week, all chosen by the same person - the themesmaster. then a new themesmaster takes over and so on. took us a while to figure out the formula for it and tweak it until it really works well, write down the guidelines for everyone and so on. but it is a highlight of my day now. everyone posts their favourite songs or tunes within the daily theme, with a url for each. the amount of new music everyone discovers from each other is just brilliant. not sure what is best - being turned on to something by someone else, or vice versa. it would not work with a very large group - there's maybe 20 of us and we have to keep the numbers down. i had thought of starting one here, but it would not work well i think - this is a ks pono comments section and is not really pono related. could do it on fb though - or as part of pp.org and maybe the pono forum. but numbers a problem. if you have thousands of members, or even hundreds, it would not work i think. one of the great things is that you really get to know people through their music. who doesn't like doing a playlist for someone? or receiving one, like we used to on cassettes? every year i do a playlist at christmas of musics discovered or rediscovered during the year, or that have marked something special about the year. if you look at the 'regular' contributors here, there is probably a suitable number. only saying...
favourite song? hmmm.... that's hard. had to discount durutti column and sketch for summer and brian eno's just another day. has to be beefheart and blabber 'n smoke... https://www.youtube.com/watch…
powder finger
@jim i love love fisherman's blues!!
with the ny fans around here, if you don't hear this and immediately think of him, you're crazy l, yes kyle, this is danger bird
eduard, case of you - great choice!
https://www.youtube.com/watch…
wish you were here or case of you
stairway to heaven
the waterboys.    'fisherman's blues'.    must have heard it a thousand times and it still brings a smile to my face.
also, david crosby and graham nash (to name a few) guest on this record of his...
far from the top of my list as a favorite, there are better songs on this album... but... with the ny fans around here, if you don't hear this and immediately think of him, you're crazy lol this guy is pure greatness, doing a lot of amazing things as a producer and an artist, hope to be able to grab his material on pono even though he's independent. http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@sil, if it was just one, what would it be?
john lennon....   imagine jim croce........   taxi led zep...........   stairway to.....  cat stevens...... father and son rolling stones... angie                  -sympathy for the devil                 - gimme shelter                  -wild horses                 -i got the blues and all neil young songs.........etc?
kevin, mr murry's little coloured balloons is downloading now. i like the stones and the beatles and fondly remember listening to both on the radio at that time!
@ brian. hope you like it if you check it out mate. am i the only one who prefers the stones to the beatles? exile on main st. for me over the white album. apologies in advance if that annoys anyone:)
o'b, couldn't you have used your mom's id to post a sneaky second pick?
your one favourite song - great choices so far people!
stateside donut stupor http://www.baltimoresun.com/entertainment/dining/baltimore-diner-blog/bal-national-doughnut-day-intro-20140606,0,3943926.story…
a day in the life. best track of best album by best band
kevin, i'd never heard of john murry, cheers for that.
naming your "one" favourite song is hard. try thinking about becoming deaf in an instant - which song would you plump for then?
from more recent songs little coloured balloons by john murry. older would be ohio csny. great topic @ brian
brian, i am not generally indecisive. but i am about this ...
o'b, naming three is cheating but i like your choices.  are you indecisive?
peter, maybe they joined the free church of scotland - they don't allow sundays!
favorite song?  "my finest hour" by the sundays.  where did they go???
please help red goddess, they got some mean outbackers next to the stretch goal!!! https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/yanimstudio/red-goddess-inner-world
favorite song is difficult. but i might spring for man in black by jrc. or in my life by the beatles. or maybe something by the beatles? clearly, i can't decide! great topic, though. would love to discover some new songs from other people's favorites (i also love for no one, brian!).
http://www.vanityfair.com/culture/features/2000/11/elvis-costello-500-favorite-albums declan likes that one too!
i need some more music inspiration.  hence, what's your one favourite song? i'd go for: for no one - the beatles
have been reading some of christmachine's website. knocked me out, had to sleep in the afternoon... great stuff
"spent the morning burying the cat." :( "wouldn't keep still!" :) - monty python c.1970
"where did everyone go?"  to the record store to pick up the super deluxe edition box set of led zeppelin (which includes a download card for the flac-hd version of the remastered album and a bonus concert in paris, france from 1969)...at least that's what i did yesterday afternoon after work.
just a couple more weeksbefore the shop and right after that, the forum on pono.
the garden
manchester.
swimming?
where did everyone go?
hope it is great. like @ian it is expensive here at €140 so i chose to buy a ticket instead to see neil & ch in cork. saw him last year in dublin and it was wonderful, hopefully it will rock!
i just received my neil young box set, a letter home, today.
it sounds great, my friend.
awww... i hope it still sounds pretty darn good :)
the numbers shown as max by foobar, no matter what plug in you try.
ok siltech.  i suggest you check the different plugins. it might be that there is a way to convert to flac rather than direct playback.
i checked foobar 2000. it appears max resolution of sacd copy are pcm 24/88.6 or dsd 64. still not full 24/96 dsd original from sacd.
guys, i'll search for the dvd drive make and model.  it slipped through the sony net and i guess people rip their sacd collection and re-sell the drive.
it should be mentioned that with a digital recorder you could record from the analog outputs of a sacd player. i know it is not perfect, but would it be so bad? a sony ps3 is limited to 24/96 afaik. some sacd fans feel this resolution is too low. analog out could be recorded at 24/192. trade offs. you may not lose anything.
@rich @kinch  too...
@siltech @brian that's my knowledge updated. thanks.
brian thank for the great link.
@sean, there are a few companies who will rip sacds for you: http://www.goldeneardigital.com/ also, in addition the ps3 route there used to be dvd drives that could read sacds.  they come up for auction on ebay.  unfortunately i cannot remember the make and model of the drive but i'm sure it will be mentioned in a forum on sacds. sony is having a hard time and needs to make more money these days.  given that and the moves towards hi rez, i'm surprised that they haven't started selling sacd capable computer drives with ripping software.
sacd in foobar link: http://www.hydrogenaud.io/forums/index.php…
richheart i think when you rip them, there not in 96/24, other when you use ps3 method.
i have (i am pretty sure) ripped iso sacd in foobar in the past. (you will need an iso loader such as daemon tools). i am pretty sure it is also possible on jrmc (pc version, not mac).
@siltech. i believe that to be so too...  if you do get any iso sacd rips then things like audirvana plus on the mac will play them. am sure other software is available...
@kinch i believe this is only way of copying sacd out there. in 96/24 format.
@kinch apparently on amazon, some brand new sealed, ps3 first generation are for sale. the catch is $1000.00 and up. your correct, it has to have the correct firmware. take care
sean, as siltech mentioned the ps3 must have firmware 3.55 or older. if you've updated the firmware to a more currect firmware, then from what i've read you will be unable to rip sacds with the ps3.
@lisa.   gimme a break! is hard enough to resist as it is... i know i will give in. i know it...
man, you learn something new, everyday.
thanks siltech!  i just read a tutorial on the sacd ripping.  i think i have one of the older gen playstations.  now i have two sacd players, what a boon! i'll see if that ripping thing works though...
@ian get the box! sounds good on download and direct feed vinyl. just neil, harmonica, piano, guitar! congrats on tx's. jealous, have fun!
google
thanks kinch,  i've a mac though.  did you know steve wozniak was a pledgling here?  i just scrolled the backers list.  haha. siltech...what's this about the ps3?  i've got one...does it play sacd discs?  i didn't know, and how would i rip to flac files on this??
@sean if you can get one of the first two generation sony ps3, and with firmware 3.55 on it. this would be your perfect sacd ripper
sean, for anything you neve wanted to know about ripping i recommend going to http://forum.dbpoweramp.com/ for ripping i've found dppoweramp by far the handiest program. it does everything well. only problem it is afaik for the moment a windows program. you'll pick info up there. also on the hydrogenaudio forums about eac. enjoy yourself:-)
hi richheart, the verbage is vague... "the ponoplayer is designed to play ponomusic with stunning clarity.  however, the player can play almost any kind of music track including flac, alac, mp3, wav, aiff, aac (unprotected)." just that it says "including" which, i think means, it plays other types of files which are not specified? i have some sacd discs that are iso files with a cue.  i've been trying to figure out how to make those flac files, but it's a bit confusing.  i thought, maybe i could just leave them as iso and not go through the trouble. i was also wondering if the jriver file management system will have a function to turn my sacd discs to flac?  i'm a bit ripper challenged...
@sean look at the faq at the bottom of the main page. it tells you which kinds of files it supports. out of interest, why would you want to play iso files?
will the pono player be able to play iso files?  it says that it will be able to play almost any file type.  just wondering.
@doug adams let it go now.
bloody typos and self correct. dose? dose???  dosh...  oops. as my favourite oblique strategy card says "honour thy error as a hidden intention"...
@jim  i bought a new cassette deck when it was going to be "the last one i would ever buy", maybe 1987. there was a technics and a nak(amichi) vying for my dose. the technics was £175, the nak £225. technics had loads of features - auto calibration, memory, remote control, blah blah blah, the nak just recorded and played back cassettes. i got the technics. on the way out of the shop the owner, doug brady, who was not the one who served me, looked up from the counter and said, in a very dry tone, 'that's the worst £50 you've never spent. you'll be back'. i said nothing and left. the technics was great, but somehow everything sounded flat and lifeless. i went back to see doug and he let me borrow the nak. it never went back. recordings form the radio or linn just sounded great, and through the walkman pro too. the nak lasted 20 years before it gave up. my son told me recently that he was very popular at school because for some reason, that no one understood, the cassettes he made sounded better than anyone else's, no matter what they were played on. and that's the point really. if you get the source right, whatever you play it on, its going to sound ok. a bad, or not so good sounding, source will ever sound right, no matter what you play it on. it was well accepted that a good cassette would sound better than cd, certainly for the first 10 years or so when cd came out. will be the same for pono i reckon, like the nak it will be a good source. we have waited a long time to get back to where we were, sound quality wise. this is one of the points that neil and john h make. is so true. oh, btw, doug became a good friend and eventually a customer of mine for many years, very interesting bloke. these days i spend more or less all of my time working to do what i can to make the world a better place. i walked away from industry and commerce almost 15 years ago with a realisation that all we produce at places like business schools are better systems gamers, not systems changers. we need the latter, desperately.
thanks rich heart.   wish i could have you all drop in to this little piece of heaven.
after those links i think i'll be using the stairs for while :)
@jim love the perspective and the artistic description. i still enjoy lps to cassette 1977-8, to mp3 (128kbs) 2000. what i could i replaced but the rest, well, on a train or walking the dog bt headphones..... i still love that playn jayn - friday the 13th
@siltech  which hd wire is it? what was it originally used for? i think better constructed wire can sound better. i have heard better metal make a difference in the same design. have cobbled together my own dbs wires with a battery and it improves the original cable. also copied the nordost ac cables by wrapping the darn monofilament string around the conductor and threading the wire thru the smallest plumbing tubing. the cable ended up the size of my wrist. the nordost was much smaller but martin logan friend kept my wire hooked up.  he lost $600! thought he was going to cry. that one is easy to figure out. nordost thinks air around conductors is best. my cable had 10x the air since it was so big. i think a lot of cables could be better if they didn't have to be pretty. that is not totally the manufacturers fault. replace all your siltech and you would have to come up with a new name here. some people think all wire wears out so the best sounding wire tends to be the newest one you have.
@siltech  which hd wire is it? what was it originally used for? i think better constructed wire can sound better. i have heard better metal make a difference in the same design. have cobbled together my own dbs wires with a battery and it improves the original cable. also copied the nordost ac cables by wrapping the darn monofilament string around the conductor and threading the wire thru the smallest plumbing tubing. the cable ended up the size of my wrist. the nordost was much smaller but martin logan friend kept my wire hooked up.  he lost $600! thought he was going to cry. that one is easy to figure out. nordost thinks air around conductors is best. my cable had 10x the air since it was so big. i think a lot of cables could be better if they didn't have to be pretty. that is not totally the manufacturers fault. replace all your siltech and you would have to come up with a new name here. some people think all wire wears out so the best sounding wire tends to be the newest one you have.
@doug adams you should try the 24 gauge wire at home depot. i believe it's on sale now. the sound from these wires are incredible. i think i may replace my siltech royal signature 2.5m prince g7 speaker cable for home depot wire. what do you think doug? i may replace all my siltech cables and buy another bmw.
brilliant, dan!  i'm back in  town all next week.  beer?   ankle good on the flat heel to toe, had to give up the square dancing and zumba classes.
@siltech i am using a similar wire to your hd. if you aren't familiar with the diy white lightning moonshine interconnects and speaker cable from 6 moonsaudio reviews check it out. made out of 16ga woods patio powercord. i used the cheapest radio shack rca connectors with the least amount of metal in them. loaned the interconnects to my friend. he has pass preamp, classe amp, martin logan cls with twin sunfire subs. two weeks later he gave me his nordost blue heavens. thought he was a little impulsive, so i replaced my moonshine with blue heaven. couldn't do it. moonshine went back in. recently we tried a pair of $500 aq ic with dbs boxes. sounded more mechanical than moonshine and went back to dealer. before you get too excited the woods cable swithed from china to two other countries. not the same. your hd cable makes me wonder if this is the same manufacturer? will check out home depot for a 3 wire 16ga chinese power cable to try. thanks for the tip. i am starting to think teflon has a sound of its own- dry and whiteish. gonna try wrapping in cotton dielectric. some already make wire this way.
@brian - good coffee is a blessing! @jim - https://www.youtube.com/watch…
man, i love bruce cockburn. gotta listen to dart to the heart now.
@jim, great clip, thanks.  so glad that tech doesn't exist (yet)!
on a lighter note,  something of importance to the scots (and others) in the community. http://m.youtube.com/watch…
@dan, fellow scots with new coffee makers, i just got a bean to cup.  wake up and smell the coffee! @jim, sounds like you're having a good time with music, one of the best things in this life.
@jim - sounds like a great place to drink a beer, how's the ankle? the geek in me will always be fascinated by esoteric gear and the desire to pursue perfection but the scot in me will aways question if the cost is justified. i am sure i have spent money on things people would consider overkill (like my coffee maker)
i'm reading these posts sitting with a beer in the sun on the deck of my place at the north end of galiano island looking out at the ocean and the forests and rising hills of saltspring island to the west.  i mention the surroundings because my wife is down island and when the music is not on i can hear 3 or 4 different birds including the whirring wings of hummingbirds, a cricket, the sound of a boat when it goes by and , once in awhile, the sound the breeze makes as it passes through the cedar and fir and arbutus forest.  what i see when a boat goes by reminds me of the lyrics of bruce coburn:    all the diamonds in this world,   that mean anything to me,                             are conjured up by wind and sunlight,    sparkling on the sea. and the relevance of those words brings me back to the music.   the system is a sony model that plays radio, cds and cassettes and that allows me to listen to a whack of music i recorded from vinyl with my nak deck.  yesterday i listened to tom waits' heart attack and vine, (recorded by me dec 2, 1980) while my nephew and i humped firewood up the hill.  he was born 3 weeks after i made that tape.  and it all sounds real good.  my system at home is mostly all linn and it sounds....better.    sorry for the ramble but my point is that music can move one in a million different ways and that sometimes we can get lost in the devil's bargain between feeding a village in africa for a week or spending the same amount to (perhaps subjectively) tease an incremental change from a system that cost more than the whole village to begin with.    as brian sez, however, 'to each his/her own.   thanks for the link brian.
there are lots of cable companies making a fortune (i might open one when i retire).  i've tried many cables over the years with little to no audible difference.  i prefer to spend big or small on the things that i can hear making a significant difference.  to each his/her own!
well spoken, from and audiophile expert.
anyone not still wearing fig-leaves, is, somehow "a dedicated follower of fashion." sometimes it's cables and sometimes it's shoes. if you don't believe me, ask the wife, any wife. as to differences between equipment, including cables, we've done the rounds below, on double blind vs. long term subtle osmosis.  in short, brian, don't knock it 'cos you don't hear it, and don't waste your dosh on it, 'til you do :)
@brian milligan i have two stereos at home. one of them uses home depot, and other uses siltech royal signature cables. sometimes we just have to use and trust our own ears.
@brian also, just joshing. take care
my scepticism of cables is long held and was re-inforced many years ago by the following: http://www.theanalogdept.com/hd14.htm home depot rules!
@siltech, no model number, they're custom made. just joshing!
@brian can you give me a model number? thanks for answers. lets let it go now.
@siltech, it's your cash dude! i've read that sennheisers sound much better if you wear a special balaclava over your head when using them.  i can source these magic balaclavas for just $100, are you interested? lol
@siltech. you may be able to specify plugs. have looked at 3.5mm and not a great choice. viablue look good. and switchcraft seem good too.
thanks brian, but since i'm replacing mini, i'll replace 1/4" too. i prefer no adapter. i found out my headphones came with adapter, but still not going to use them.
@ian my mains are cardas cables, 8 awg.
@ian that's perfect. i'll upgrade my cable, and buy two. one for mini and one for 1/4". this is better than having an adapter. good answer ian, and thanks.
@siltech, my experience with sennheiser cables is different to ian's - i tested a few, "upgrades" and found no audible difference.  there's some discussion here: http://www.head-fi.org/t/504503/is-it-really-worth-upgrading-sennheiser-hd-580-600-650-cables
@siltech  think you are used to relatively high end stuff...? the standard cables on sennheisers are known to be not as good as the rest of the headphones. i have a pair of 600s - previous generation to yours, but similar. there's a healthy aftermarket for replacement cables, cardas seems to be amongst the best. may be worth a look at that? they just plug out at the headphone end and new cable plugs in. and you can choose 3.5/mm / ¼ inch or 6.5mm / ¼ inch plugs.doesn't really answer your question, but may be worth considering?
@brian thanks
@siltech, this should do: http://www.amazon.com/monoprice-3-5mm-stereo-6-35mm-adaptor/dp/b003r70oa4/ref=sr_1_6…
@tech people my sennheiser hd650 has a 1/4" phono, and pono has 1/8" mini jack. what's the best adapter brand, and or model, for least degradation of sound? thanks, and respond nicely please.
@brian, nice one. thanks for sharing!
@creator, some good pr in the uk press for pono: http://www.shortlist.com/tech/gadgets/exec-tech#gallery-item-5 the shape of things to come!
@ siltech thanks - i realise which version it is - but is the download a 320 kbps mp3, a 1411 kbps cd quality [16/44.1] (or reduced flac equivalent), or a 4608 kbps [24/96] file (or reduced flac equivalent)? that's what i'm interested in finding out. i don't think a full hi-res file version will be available till the pono store opens - but i'm just trying to 'read between the lines' and could be wrong. the 'careful' wording of the record company description makes me curious - they didn't put a specific figure for bit/sample rate (the same thing has happened on the deluxe csny live 1974 box set).
@redwood download card to redeem the digital album of "direct feed from the booth" audiophile version.
@erast suarez was worth 40m pounds last year (his contract did have a buyout clause). he took a bite and his value is now near the 100m mark. ".... and it makes you wonder"
@ richheart so that worked on you subliminally! or are you suarez in disguise?  :o(=)
@ ian k plus, the t-shirts will be good marketing. i wonder if mr. 'hood ornament' will display the logo or a promotional video on the video screens (presuming there are some onstage)? he may well prefer to keep the 2 strands separated - to paraphrase, "ain't singing for pono...." :)
@ ian k well done! i envy you, going to that show (though it does clash with the world cup final) :o( don't forget that it's a whole different experience with crazy horse - although there was an acoustic interlude in last year's shows, the electric sections were loud by all accounts, so you might want to take some ear plugs along as backup in case you need to filter the volume a little. i hope you liked the 'psychedelic pill' album - you'll probably be getting long renditions of 'ramada inn' & 'walk like a giant'. here's a link to a great site that shows what songs were played last year (actually, every year!): http://sugarmtn.org/year.php… wearing the t-shirts? not anorakish at all - showing the love!
@redwood    i keep repeating "two tickets for a live neil gig, two tickets for a live neil gig... '.  makes me feel much better... wonder if the pono t shirts will arrive by then? or is that a bit too anorakian?.
@erast and @elvis i am experienced at both and both have their time and place :) i'm off for a bite
hey, elvis! word association can be a funny thing, and i know you were fixated on eating stuff - but it is role play, not roll play. even a victorian-era russian like myself knows that! :)
@ ian k as peter skellern said, "hold on, hold on....."  october's not far away. repeat to yourself: "half a pono le player, half a pono le player........"   ;o)
@ wc i think i remember reading a comment by one purchaser of the 'a letter home' box set that the download of the 'audiophile' version isn't in hi-res. can you confirm what the stated bit/sample rates are for the download, please? (just for information purposes - i will still wait for the pono store version but it could help others decide). thanks.  :)
@wc  thanks. i bought the 'standard' vinyl version. as you may have seen the box set is very expensive in the uk - around £120-£135. could you let us know what the 'audiophile' version sounds like?  it is still gnawing at me...
@elvis, hope your music makes it to the tiny 45s players with tiny speakers that squeal your music.  :)
@wc, humph "got your number flying monkey" can't ya feel the love ? http://lh4.ggpht.com/mvisitacion/r_5rz4voyfi/aaaaaaaaau0/nvmutzwbdbg/monkey%20poo_thumb.jpg re: sfpt administration discussion test a73 / difficult elvis living in the past / hard sell / how would you monitor the discussion roll play exercise a73 success sub.d? first ptm disqualified monitor found: wc hint - the trick is tolerance not temper tantrum fail
old timey
@ian kendrick, i just got the letter home box set and it's definitely old timely.  from the packaging to the music.  if you have the funds and love neil young, go out and get it.  i plan on getting the pono version as well.
elvis impersonator.  leave the building.
oh wait a minute tj ? i guessed it !  you're telling me they made a tiny record player inside this wedgie thingie playing music up on out of a, a tiny speaker inside the wedgie thing too & thats why i can't see it ? i told you i couldn't see it, and i asked where it was & thats gonna sound like crap tj ! tiny speaker squeaks elvis ! didn't yo mama ever teach you that ain't nice ? humph i spooze it spits out candy too. humph pono pez slingshot with a tiny 45 record player driving a tiny speaker inside a yellow wedgie ! humph priscilla says double humph. tj, i done & sold & sung & played a lot of music i mean a ton ! and if you think for one tennessee moonshine dream of a reckons deep woods hidden white lightning mouthful that all of my music is gonna fit on a whole bunch of teeny tiny little records inside the pono pez without busting up all whats inside ! you tennessee moon shine high tj ! humph ! priscilla says triple dooper humph to that one & a humph back to you from my old hound dog tj. some pono pinocchioing here ! so when can i get a hold of one of the pono pez's to see it and listen to it so's priscilla can put one in my new black crush velvet covered cadillac ! answer me that one tj ! humph  oh yea, i want one made out of black crush velvet so priscilla can paint my picture on it. that will make it mine forever. when ever anyone asks me what's my favorite band. ya know what i tell em ? my wedding band.  hurry on up tj i gotta get one of em pronto ! humph http://rarebirdfinds.typepad.com/.a/6a00d8341c6d1d53ef0120a55cf54c970c-300wi re: sfpt administration discussion test a73 / difficult elvis living in the past / hard sell / how would you monitor the discussion roll play exercise a73 sub.d?
sounds like this is turning into porno music site elvis they don't give anything away they are in it for the money.  no speakers just headphones you remember those, your not that old only 10 years older than that neil guy.
o'b, i'm very pleased, i'll listen very carefully tomorrow. elvis is light hearted i'm sure but does, "coon hunting" have any other meaning that i don't know.  may be a bawbag, lol.
@brian, i just laughed. very loudly.
@tj, yeaaah i like that guy ! kinda twitchy but i like him allot. man is he out there! hey this neil guy reminds me of an old hound dog i used to go coon hunting with up in the mountain. got that kinda sad eye hound dog look. make a chick faint right up on his feet i'd bet. neil huh. humph. hey tj is this the guy giving out free pono's ? cuz i want one real bad. kinda hunkering bad if ya get my drift tj. pink-n-gray's ok. so is black-n-pink. i think. say when are the tiny record players uh sorry where are the tiny record players sitting inside them cadillac chucks pono thingies ? tj ya still didn't say where the dang speakers are. humph re: sfpt administration discussion test a73 / difficult elvis living in the past / hard sell / how would you monitor the discussion roll play exercise a73 sub.c?
@o'b, talk about a hostage to fortune!  i thought you misspelt foresight.
@brian, yes! well, he did. he may not now. i wouldn't do business with him based on that photo alone! it exhibits poor judgement and no foresight  ;-)
@o'b, we all have some images burnt in our brain that we wish we could lose.  did the guy have a career?
@brian, he was definitely not a model. it was all kinds of wrong. i can't forget it. i wish i could.
elvis you should ask this guy about the tweezers he sang this song about you. he cant sing as good as you but some people like him and his music? http://www.youtube.com/watch…
o'b, i don't know how anyone would allow themselves to be photographed in one, that would require substance abuse, unless they were a mankini model (if there is such a thing).  your poor retinas!
@b, ob, ya think a tiny mankini's got the ugly shaking  humph ! try a pantyornadio swirling up on stage ! @tj, that pono thingy come with a matching pair of "tweezers" ? my truck driving mitts ain't gonna change no tiny 45 rpm's without a pair ya know ! @ea yea where is my - pink-n-black chrome pono mr pono maker over there in chinea. humph come to think of it how bout making a pono cane so i can "handle the triangle" ah humph re: sfpt administration discussion test a73 / difficult elvis living in the past / hard sell / how would you monitor the discussion roll play exercise a73 sub.b?
@bria... 'how to get from neil not playing in scotland to mankinis in four small steps, scary!' even worse is how to get from neil playing in liverpool to that in 5 steps... will be first time we have seen neil live. looking forward to the gig.
how to get from neil not playing in scotland to mankinis in four small steps, scary!
oh, go on, brian. i'd pay good money to see that. haha. a friend of mine got one as a joke and sent me a photo of him wearing it. it's burned on to my retinas. my brain will never forget. and it really, really wants to forget.
quite, one of my former colleagues got one as a secret santa gift and we all saw way too much :)
there are some images best not even thought of...
@siltech, couldn't make it even if i wore a mankini!
@brian wear a speedo, you'll make it.
@siltech, i'm not a strong enough swimmer :)
neil's playing in cork ireland.
such a shame that the latest tour doesn't have dates in scotland!
i just got 2 tickets to see neil live at the echo arena, liverpool, 13th july. great seats too. so that'll be a special night for jayne and me. looking forward to that....
@creator, lisa has a "good point" our pono's are mic shipped from ireland ? still confused about the supply chain - question is "where will the pono's be sold" ? retail sales ? can i buy one from ayre distributor or if i buy on-line will it ship from usa or ??? @elvis, tjc, where is the elvis pono ?
listening to drifting back. want to go out and get a crazy horse pono :-)
sorry my friend. in most cases cnd get the short end.
@ siltech  that is just plain annoying stop it. now   ;o)
warner music store canada search:       home exclusive offers pre order artist browse shipping > payment > confirmation coupons  shipping discounts $0.00 subtotal: $109.98 shipping:  $3.99 hst: $14.82 total taxes: $14.82 total: $128.79
i ordered set, and payed $128.79cnd. this included all  taxes, and delivery charges.
@eduard   there is that. but even so....
@ian : we get to live in europe for free!
@ian i'll let it go now. take care long live pono
rhinorecords.ca - warner music canada store - rhinorecords.ca third man records unearths neil young’s a letter home and shares it with his current day record company, reprise records. an unheard collection of rediscovered songs from the past recorded on ancient electro-mechanical technology captures and unleashes the essence of something that could have been gone forever. —homer grosvenor reprise presents the complete box set, including a special “direct feed from the booth” audiophile version and a miraculous dvd that actually captured the original electro-mechanical process, along with comments from the re-producers and recording engineers. this limited edition box set includes: 1 standard 12" lp 1 “direct feed from the booth” audiophile 12" lp seven 6" clear vinyl discs 1 standard cd 1 dvd 1 32-page, 12" x 12" book download card to redeem the digital album of “direct feed from the booth” audiophile version
@ian,  warner brothers canada same complete box set. where is the parity in this world. login basket checkout contact warner music store canada search:       home exclusive offers pre order artist browse products merch rhino exclusive a letter home - limited edition box set neil young a letter home - limited edition box set label: atlantic genre: released: 2014-05-27 upc: 093624939153 media: vinyl discs: 1 stock: 11-25 $109.98
@siltech  this is just sinking in.... you pay $110 canadian, $100 us and we pay $248 canadian, $228 us. that would mean that i would pay £60 for it at your price, less than half. which i would have gone for, no problem. the single vinyl album cost £20 on its own. i have words, but won't use them here, in polite company.
@siltech, same box set. normal rules apply. all they do, seemingly ever, is erase the $ sign and put a £ sign in its place. obviously more efficient that way. is actually even worse on amazon uk, is £136. that's $248 canadian, $228 us. great. just great...
i was wrong ian. the price is $109.98 cnd, which is $100.00us. now is 1/4 of pono le. anyway, take care buddy.
login basket checkout contact warner music store canada search:       home exclusive offers pre order artist browse products merch rhino exclusive a letter home - limited edition box set neil young a letter home - limited edition box set label: atlantic genre: released: 2014-05-27 upc: 093624939153 media: vinyl discs: 1 stock: 11-25 $109.98 third man records unearths neil young’s a letter home and shares it with his current day record company, reprise records. an unheard collection of rediscovered songs from the past recorded on ancient electro-mechanical technology captures and unleashes the essence of something that could have been gone forever. —homer grosvenor reprise presents the complete box set, including a special “direct feed from the booth” audiophile version and a miraculous dvd that actually captured the original electro-mechanical process, along with comments from the re-producers and recording engineers. this limited edition box set includes: 1 standard 12" lp 1 “direct feed from the booth” audiophile 12" lp seven 6" clear vinyl discs 1 standard cd 1 dvd 1 32-page, 12" x 12" book download card to redeem the digital album of “direct feed from the booth” audiophile version terms and conditions privacy policy transaction terms accessibility plan contact: support@rhinorecords.ca © warner music, 2013
@ian kendricks in canada, the box set is $109.98us. this is ~1/4 price of of pono le. your price is unfortunate. take care and long live pono.
@redwood  thanks for that. a similar view to my own. was hoping that the audiophile versions would be from a very high quality feed from the booth. will wait and see how it sounds... i have no objection to low quality recordings per se, a fair proportion of my albums are from 78s from the 20s and 30s. i would rather listen to charley patton and co on 78 (or vinyl/cds mastered from them) than something not as musically good but in super hi res. there is also something interesting in hearing a modern artist sounding like they were recorded a long time ago... btw, the recent robert johnson reissues on vinyl of the two classic cbs albums sound really really good. have one of them on a remastered gold cd and the vinyl is way ahead. normally when they remaster from 78s they take the hiss out and a lot of the presence. not this time.
@ ian kendrick £120 is a lot of dosh – that's half a pono le – so don't let it gnaw away at you! i haven't bought the 'a letter home' box set either (& my comments may be considered invalid because of that) but i have tried to keep abreast of comments about it at sites like the steve hoffman forums & thrasher's wheat. i'm a big neil young fan and have most of his output but on this occasion i'm not biting (yet). i've heard a friend's copy of the standard vinyl and like the performances a lot but as you know, there is an awful lot of wow and flutter plus crackling because the lp is mastered from the acetates cut in the booth.  the 7 x 6” singles with the album tracks plus the bonus track ('blowin' in the wind') and an alternate take of 'crazy' are also mastered from the acetates – personally, i'm not prepared to spend big money to hear them. the 'audiophile' lp is cut from the feed to the analogue tape recorder and will have the best fidelity but again, i'm not prepared to spend big money to hear that just yet – i'm waiting to buy the 'direct feed' version which will be sold from the pono music store. i prefer physical copies but may pick up the cd version as a backup at a later date. the dvd is apparently interesting, showing neil young and jack white making the recordings and discussing them (including a video feed from the cameras inside the booth showing the performances). the musical performances are sourced from the crackly acetates rather than the analogue tape recorder. again, is that worth a large sum of money? that's your choice! the cd version (not included in the box set) is also mastered from the acetates but is said to be a slight upgrade in fidelity over the standard lp – i haven't heard it, so i don't know whether the wobbles have been corrected (but i hope so). cheers!
@all.  at all. has anyone got a letter from home box set edition? i had one in my hands on saturday but it was £120 so i ended up buying the standard vinyl edition. that pesky box set is knawing away at me, but is a lot of dosh... but what am i missing? (polite answers only please...) anyone? at all?
elvis stick with the 45 sound likely is as good or better than pono to bad you didn't speak up weeks ago you could of had a elvis pono
@ rich, all good. thanks.
@ian not sure that i responded as you meant. pls let me know.
hey tj ! i still don't understand how they get a tiny record player inside that pono triangle box yellow thing. i didn't even know they were making tiny record players slick ! so i gotta ask ya where can i get the tiny pennies to tape on top of the stylist when the record skips huh? ya gotta answer for that one? i didn't think so. you pono pinocchio's guys got a lot of explaining to do before i'm gonna believe any of this wedgie toy record player ya know ! tj my rca 45 will beat the jungle room out of your pono thingy any day slick ! humph. priscilla says humph too. humph ! re: sfpt administration discussion test a73 / difficult elvis living in the past / hard sell / how would you monitor the discussion roll play exercise a73 sub.a?
@rich  things happening in the moderators section on pp that would benefit from your input i think...
if pono makes a carry case for the pono player, i would love it to have little pockets for extra micro sd cards. if they could lock in like the player it would be even better. has anyone seen micro sd cards in any color besides black? it would be nice to have gray or white ones to allow labeling. they are also easier to see when out of the case or player.
@ian, +1 "i can only speak for myself, but belonging to something with a decent and declared ethos is important rather than just being a consumer."
was in holland last week, plenty of drizzle,  a macintosh was just the thing, though a big-mac is not my thing  :)
nope, is mcintosh. apologies.
@eduard  many countries seem to have great home grown hifi. france has quite a few including diavalet, which i really like the look of, the usa has many 'built like a tank' home grown stuff conrad johnson, mckintosh (did i spell that correctly) - i used to have an audio research sp8, italy has things like sonus faber and so on. is an industry where small companies can still compete. another reason for backing pono - you don't have to be big to have a big effect... i can almost see a time when only amplifiers will be big and need power - diavalet are doing something about that too, other than amps, things could get very small and portable. small things are disruptors for the big things. food for thought. well, is if you are a nerd like me...
thanks for the props, you guys. i'd love to play a part at pono music. i love my pono people! llp!
@ian richheart : even though i am not a brit i do agree there is some good audio stuff coming from the island.
@ian if i mention my pioneer pl12d, will the japanese backers come back and chat? :)
uh-oh. turning into a brit thread. had one of george hadcock's 228 unipivots on a thorens td160. still have a pair of ls 3/5a and celestion sl 600s. yep, dcs up there with the big guys. modified rega arm on the gyrodec at the moment. see no need to change either. oh yeah. there's rel too. think we should stop for fear off alienating people ...
@doug it's not quantity but quality.... i never got passed a rega planar ii
any talk of great uk audio equipment manufacturers has to include data converion systems- dcs. i have only owned linn ( lp12/ittock ), hadcock tonearm, and rogers ls3 5a. still have them all.
@ian only meridian and quad missing from your list, though i can add wharfedale, jim rogers, musical fidelity, rega, exposure as all having contributed to my musical growth.
@ian if you pm your # on pp, i'll be happy to call and elabourate on how it took me nearly 40 years to go naim :)
@rich. thanks. am going to have to go naim sooner or later. they were/are such a cult thing in the uk that i have demurred, but their embracing of hi res along with erstwhile partners linn puts them ahead of the game. some very good stuff coming out of the uk now. linn, naim, chord, meridian (originators of a lot of the lossless compression now in use), arcam, quad, mission, proac. have had stuff from all of them apart from naim. interested in your comments about wav. if naim likes it then is worth noting. one day, maybe this. is more or less just for you, this one... https://www.youtube.com/watch…
i have my mac mini hooked up to the naim unitiqute 2 both via silfex toslink and airport extreme (just replaced linksys e900) cat7 cables.  i was indifferent to playback of jrmc as to whether via the toslink (limited to 24/96) or pushing to the naim via dlna and the router.  having replaced the router i am astonished at the improvement. i clearly prefer the router to the optical toslink. then, i compared the naim using jrmc via dlna to using the naim to access the library (also dlna). though not so clear cut there is a difference. the treble is mellower with the naim pulling, but the detail is a step up using jrmc. jrmc recodes to wav prior to pushing to the naim. in short, the biggest upgrade within the last year and the best value for money in longer than i can remember is the airport extreme router. most interestingly, it was totally unexpected and i only changed the router to overcome re-buffering on hi-res video streaming.
@ian yup, your contributions are the business. detailed, succinct and add something.... a personal thanks from me :)
chord hugo... not a competitor to pono. http://www.whathifi.com/review/hugo
@bill @rich et al  the new generation of portable things are really shaking things up. in the uk, chord's latest offering the hugo - a portable headphone amp/dac/pre-amp is getting compared very favourable with seriously high end kit, including that from chord themselves. a&k the same. these devices cost around £1100/$1700/€1300, th chord coming in at £1400/$2000/€1600 which compared with high end devices is not that expensive although still out of reach for a great many. to some extent, small devices have the potential to sound better - shorter signal paths, totally enclosed and a psu that runs from battery, so no mains borne problems. the packing density of chips is now very high, ditto for memory. and very tight quality control in a small package, so should be consistent across many samples of the same product. pono, at around £260 has the potential to be a game changer i think. and the lesson from so very many winning products/innovations is that it is not just the core technology product that wins, it is what is around it and who buys it that are vital for success. the examples are endless. i have always felt that pono has recognised this from the start and john hamm certainly seems to. i already posted about the background to these ideas with stuff like geoffrey moore's crossing the chasm, christensen's ideas of disruptive innovation, viral approaches and such like. part of my reason for being a backer is that i know that this stuff is bread and butter to the pono team. it isn't for a great many start ups and it stacks the odds in favour of pono's success. what kyle has done with ponopeople.org is also vitally important imho. the site has flushed out many issues that must be positioned and handled appropriately - is almost a rehearsal for  (part of) what may come. same thing for this comments section. we now have some experience of how the community behaves and the kind of issues the pono community site will have to address. the community is, and will be, vital for the success of the overall goals of pono, not just the player but the ethos that it represents. i think we have all been waiting for something like this for some time. i can only speak for myself, but belonging to something with a decent and declared ethos is important rather than just being a consumer.
@bill thanks for the link. it's been in the 'ayre' from the start :)
@tjc, mind if i call ya tj ? i use this rca portable player very cool rig ! even on a speeding train ! woops  http://media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/f5/b8/c6/f5b8c67dab16ad877b1ec726042e4833.jpg i under stand these pono things are pretty good - kinda tiny for me but hell i want one ! get me one of these tj ! hey where's the speakers ? re: sfpt administration discussion test a73 / difficult elvis living in the past / hard sell / how would you monitor the discussion roll play exercise a73 ?
for o'boogie and ian that is.
@richheart...another +1
wow first neil now kyle where is the kool aid. elvis join the party
can i come out now ?
glad pono is working with kyle and other posters here. they are dedicated to pono and will do a fine job. that cnet story really has me excited. would hate to be a competing portable player manufacturer, when the pono player arrives. i have total trust in ayre and pono music. gonna change the musical landscape.
@richheart, +1 good call ;)
@creator thank you for recognising kyle's contribution. for me ian and o'boogie have stood out on here and i would like to see them feature on pono's website. if there is anything i can contribute, i have the time and would be pleased to.
thanks everyone for your opinions and suggestions.  looking forward to seeing you all on the new site! :)
i'm happy to help on the pono boards as well.
@john hamm, you are a wise man mr. hamm ;) @kyle, we all love ya baby ! http://vimeo.com/41787189 http://vimeo.com/45293871
http://www.cnet.com/news/will-the-400-pono-music-player-sound-like-a-27500-stereo-preamplifier/ :)
@creator, if you need volunteers to help with the ponomusic community, i am sure you will plenty, including me.  llp!
@creator so glad you are going to engage kyle on pono music. i'm happy to help with moderation or whatever you need. i'm a copy editor/proofreader for one of the world's largest advertising agencies, so if i can help with anything on your website, please let me know. i'd love to play a part at pono music. thanks for the update!
kyle has done an excellent job in getting ponopeople.org up, running and working well for this community, supported by some of us here. am delighted that this is being recognised and that transition is now being planned. am more than willing to help out wherever i can.
@creator ...you guys are awesome. also kyle is all class ...very kind indeed.  so excited for pono music store...i'm salvating. hehe :)))
@creator, thanks for posting the link, wow!
@e. a. bug we fully intend to engage kyle and other supporters who created ponopeople.org as well as anyone of you who is willing to go the extra mile and take a leadership role in our community.  ponomusic community is intended to be the platform for all of you wonderful supporters to share with each other your views and recommendations on music, artists, albums, pono, etc.
@creator, john hamm - pono is the superstar !!! john... everyone [ my belief ] trusts kyle ... asking us all to transition over to the new pono music community forum is cake with kyle at the helm ;) please consider offering kyle a position in san francisco working on this transition. if you build it with kyle... they will come ! long live pono !!!
will the $400 pono music player sound like a $27,500 stereo preamplifier? http://cnet.co/1ifozes via @cnet
@hiddencash, richheart - opps ... uspto not uspo ... henry hardy represented my work ;)
@hiddencash, richheart - i lived in crystal city ! the catacombs of the uspo are home to the most brilliant people & some completely eccentric characters one could ever hope to meet ;) long live pono !!!
@brian great video...thanks for that! i love ted talks. good stuff.
@rich, i agree with you about remixing and profit sharing.  apple does too but only for companies remixing apple's ideas, not for apple's own remixing of multi touch, gui and mice etc.
@brian i used to manage a company's patent library and liaise with patent attorneys. i can fully identify with the arguments presented in this regard. actually less so with remixing.  i believe remixing should be permitted whilst giving full credit and a share of the profits, to the original artist. example: foo fighters - killing me softly. without people already knowing the original version, the popularity of the re-mix could not have happened, it would not have had air-play, would not have become familiar enough to become liked on it's own. my daughter (aged 11 when the remix came out) much preferred the remix btw.
this is well worth watching, it covers music and technology.  it may make apple fans wince more than a little! http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@rich, i agree and use syncback to back up to external drives and have an off-site back up too.  syncback is free and has lots of options.  life is too short to re-rip your whole .flac collection!
@brian +1  if there was a particular disk manufacturer that was miles ahead on reliability, i guess the issue would change. other factors being equal, if you have 2 identical products (like shoes) bought at the same time and treated the same way, they will wear out (fail) at approximately the same time. if you wanted to guarantee as wide a gap as possible between failure of the two products (still without being able to predict which of the two will fail first), choose items that are as dissimilar as is convenient.  when it comes to back-up of critical data (many hundreds and more cd's ripped) i recommend two permanently attached external drives plus an internal (can't do that on my mac mini - so 3 externals) plus a fourth external offsite. the main drive (accessed by servers) is backed alternately with the 2nd and 3rd drives - every few rips. the fourth drive is kept off-site (at work if you don't trust your in-laws :))  and switched with the 2nd and 3rd drives alternately every couple of weeks/ multiple-rips.
my advice on setting up a raid or nas would be to ignore conventional advice which is to use  hdd drives from the same manufacturer.  i had two wd black caviar drives fail at almost the same time, presumably due to the same technical defect (both were still under warranty).  going for drives from different manufacturers minimises the possibility of this risk. the convential wisdom is based on compatibility, i have had no compatibility issues using drives from different manufacturers.
pono music store is going to be selling and i will be buying from them to review and compare. i can't go into detail on other sources. that one area has to be discussed somewhere else. it's all good! :))
go in my bio...go to my website...and click contact button and send me an email and i'll return. both places pp and here are pono affiliates and thus a conflict of interest.
@ian, accuraterip is owned by a company called illustrate which has contact mails that are to dbpoweramp.  hard to see if illustrate wrote it and was then bought or whether dbpoweramp wrote it.
@christmachine do not use twitter, maybe a pm on ponopeople?
@wc, my advice would be buy and use a really high speed external disc drive.  i have a really high spec pc and adding the external drive (usb 3) makes ripping really quick.
no i am originally from norway/iceland...i live in the states now. pm me up on twitter if you want...i'll explain. @christ_machine ;)
@christmachine : see you are in europe too, where do you get your hi-res from? i have only found one  legal on-line shop with a large selection so-far (qobuz) where i have bought some music.
yes happy june 1 lisa...another month down!
@eduard...whatever works best right. i actually use the realtek because i only use it for monitoring new audio sources because it's so revealing. if anything is out of place i can hear it. some don't like it but i've never had any latency or sound problems with the highest encoded files. it takes everything i can throw at it and lets me know instantly if an audio source has flaws.  i have a windows xp desktop that has a creative 24/96 ecternal soundcard and i love that as well for cranking loud on my klipsch's ;)
make that csny deluxe box set! (1974) sorry neil ;-)
happy june 1 !!! such great info here guys, thanks! backer t 's should be on the way soon now! the csn deluxe set weighs 30 lbs!
i do not use the soundcard in my asus (windows7 as well), instead i use a m2tech hi-face usb dac, which sounds great (up to 24/192).
my asus has a realtek high definition audio sound card built in when i bought it and it natively supports hirez formats up to 24/192 with one click
sorry guys and gals...i use ableton live on my mac as well as audacity, vlc, and pro tools for dj'ing with flac just making sure your on your toes. i was punch drunk as my website came in at 175,000 hits last month. "))) @ian hard drives all have failure rates, it's inevitable...the best engineers in the world use ssd...the best dj's in the world use them because failure usually starts with memory issues and flash rebooting which allows transfer of the data to another drive in an emergency. platters not so much if they die that's 1000 us cash to see if your data can even be saved. i use hdd's and have never lost one but that day could come. i also back up all my data on a relatives server which is all redundant. so we could talk semantics about hard drives all day and never get anywhere. we know nothing is death proof. @wc for a laptop i recommend an asus intel quad core 1tb 7200 rpm hdd with just a standard graphics card ~ if you want speed and accuracy for large music files you don't want a high speed graphics card for gaming because it will impede other processes. to be clear that's for a portable laptop. also get rid of windows 8 and find a copy of windows 7 platform...windows 7 is flawless for me and i've been doing hi-res for years and never a hiccup! :)
@wc i have a separate (music) laptop with enough storage to store all my ripped cd's and also use it to rip cd's on, using eac. i rip to flac only, having done audio tests myself and i did not hear the difference between wav and flac and therefore decided to use flac (less storage).  my backups are wd 2tb external disks, which so far has not given me any trouble. i make a copy of the copy as well because in the past, i have had drives just give up the ghost.
@wc  am a mac user and it is not a good platform for ripping, which seems odd but is so. so i had to buy a pc specifically for the job. my criteria were that it had to be quick enough to not get in the way, small enough to also not get in the way and have enough ports to allow access to network, usb and have wifi built in. all basic stuff really. ended up with a zotac zbox which does all of the above and has standard mounts on it so that you can attach to the back of a tv or large screen. nice thing, does a great job for me. sits alongside the mac mini and is more or less the same size. bought it secondhand, cost £175, as new. oh, only has a 320gb drive in it, but i have found that it is much quicker to rip to the local hard drive and then to batch copy to nas, if you're using nas. i could put a much bigger capacity drive in but don't need it. if you are looking for a pc to act as a general purpose desktop or laptop then different criteria. but ripping is no longer an advanced use of computing so more or less anything walk do the job. hope that helps.
i use flac files on my mac. i do all sorts of professional audio editing on my mac daily using every file format.
also @ e.a. bug :)
@ian kendrick, @eduard nuijen, @rich hart,@siltech, @john,@ christmachine, @brian milligan etc. what is the best pc to use for ripping?  storage?  thanks in advance.
morning eduard. think usual way is folders for artists then albums within that. you can also have genres above artists - i have a blues folder for instance with artists within that. and a folder just for hi res stuff. and a folder for compilations. no hard and fast rules. most music players/streamers have similar ways of finding things. they present the music by artist, album, genre and so on, i.e. they give you a choice. so to some extent the way they are stored is not necessarily a limit on how they are presented. don't know how the pono player will do it yet...
sorry, logged in as my daughter before
while you are talking about ripping cd's; does anybody have advice how to store the music. right now, my library (almost 1tb!) consists of folders for each album. as i use jriver on my music_pc there is currently no problem finding albums or artists (full screen display or detailed lists) but once on the pono, the display being limited (in size) i guess some arrangements are in order, any suggestions?
@cm, siltech this seems to quote an mtbf of 1.5m hours for hdd vs 2m hours for ssd. capacity of ssd still an issue, and price of course.  http://www.storagereview.com/ssd_vs_hdd and another... http://www.zdnet.com/blog/storage/ssds-no-more-reliable-than-hard-drives/1483 obviously ssd can taker higher g shocks than hdds. frankly i look at a 2.5 1tb drive with disbelief, when i started in computing hard discs were 6 feet in diameter and took about 10 minutes to come up to speed. and stored maybe 8mb. and cost maybe £50,000. we used to wear white coats then... used to be all fields rounds 'ere you know...
@cm  macs don't allow flacs? i use them all the time on the mac. itunes doesn't handle flac, but i use vlc, audirvana, audacity, dbp and flacs are fine. downloaded the jriver software last night - no ripping in there but flac/hi res fine. the ios version of vlc also provides for the playing of flacs, including hi res, on ios ithings. accuraterip - am interested in where it came from. there is a statement on the dbp site that seems to claim that they produced it. am not a user of eac so am learning as we go on that one, it sounds very good. like many things, everything is converging. in a while i suspect that conversations about which software is best for ripping will be over as it will just be built in as part of the infrastructure and there will be little or no difference between proprietary offerings. is part of what made itunes so successful - you don't need to worry about it. hopefully pono will sort it right. external/nas drives. i bought two 2 tb drives - one for archiving, one for back up of the archive, ripped 2000 cds and contemplated selling the cds after a while. after about 9 months one drive failed completely. a week later the back up drive failed too. lost the lot. not amused. well known make too. replaced them with wd drives, re-ripped most of the cds (still some to do) and now have two back ups. so far so good... wd drives are more or less silent too, which is god as they sit next to the mac/pc, where i work.  also wd now do a very nice looking thing. an internal 1tb 2.5 inch drive with a 256gb ssd, all in a standard 9mm form factor - straight swap. so you get the best of both worlds. have also started to hear rumours that ssd does not last forever - they have a limited life span. have not investigated further yet....
:)
christmachine thank you.
no...none at all. ssd drives are the safest drives you can own as you probably know. they can take a beating and not fail. all the big dj's~ the good ones like richie hawtin exclusively use ssd drives for hirez 32 bit float and dither down...they can take shocks...survive earthquakes if in tact. dj's hate the spinning platters as they can fail in the middle of a set where ssd's do not. they can take the hardest club bass you can serve it. so go for ssd if you can afford it.
also, the size of ssd drives are much larger now, and cost are down.
@christmachine do you see any problems copying hi rez music files on a ssd. these are totally quite, unlike sata drives. the obvious negatives of ssd are cost, and size of memory. my preference is to keep hard drive in same room, but noiseless.
right now rocking hard!!!!! to: the steve miller band – book of dreams (1977) (original us pressing) ans2themstr vinyl rip > transferred to 24bit/96khz lossless flac [hi-res]\
hehe i thought that's what it was. yeah that 3tb external you have will get used for sure once the pono store opens. i'm all pc myself. i have an old mac book but apple's ecosystem makes me nuts. i love how i can tweak pc code and settings just the way i want them.
"i'm a pc" ha, ha, ha! i try to steer clear of the apple world. the main reason i do the wav action is to play on my very cheap gpx mp3 player. it is all i have ever needed...until pono came around! the gpx won't read flac's, but it does read mp3's and wav's. i have been limited to one or two albums of wav and a few of mp3 on that 4g mp3 player. oh, how my life is about to change!
for example macs don't allow flacs...you probably know that. macs only recognize wav, aiff, alac etc.
yeah...wav files are great for archiving on externals. i got ya wav can't hurt. you just have the wav files just in case in the future you want to use the wavs in some music programs which do not recognize flacs. wav is universally recognized in all software.
i am kind of just doing the archives type thing right now. also, i do a complete rip straight from the cd for flac, wav, & mp3 320 (and on occasion, to wma since my new car has an input for a usb flash/jump/thumb/memory stick/travel drive ... or whatever you may call it that only reads mp3 or wma). i guess i'm paranoid that converting from one kind of file to another might create some glitches...i don't really know...i'm just doing it each night until i get too sleepy.
john you don't need to go from flac > wav > 320. you can just go straight from flac to 320. unless your saving the wav files for archival purposes. :)
people are going to get the biggest shock when they have to download the 24bit/192khz hi-res version of an album. haha my bob marley - legend 24/192 from hd tracks which is a superb sounding hi-res release tops out if my memory serves me correct at 2.6 gb. so everyone not only get your mini sdxc cards ready but external hard drives @ 2 tera bytes to fill up fast. i have 6 of them all full. lollz!
i've been ripping my cd's to flac first, then to wav, and finally to mp3 320 in one sitting (will probably quit doing the mp3 320 as soon as the pono music player arrives). i already had a 1t external hard drive for saving music, downloaded videos, etc., but recently i bought a 3t external hard drive. the newer one is strictly for ripped cd's.
@brian thanks for the correction...as i said i use the free version of poweramp so i can only convert. i thought it was a ripper also. tks your right on about there being no audible difference using eac between wav and flac  and i have a trained ear. i can not tell the difference so that's why we use flac to save some space especially when hi-rez albums get up into the 1-2 gb per album.
accuraterip does not do ripping.  it checks the accuracy of data ripped by eac, dbpoweramp etc. compared to an external database making sure they are error free.
on eac, it also takes hdcd from encoding from any disc that is ripped, i have around 150 hdcds and checked that functionality before choosing a ripper.  eac rarely lets me down with metadata either, if it does it is only with obscure album art which can be sorted out with mp3tag. i find some of the wav/flac comments made a little odd.  eac rips to wav and converts that using the flac codec to a flac file.  both files contain the same pcm data, one compressed (flac), one uncompressed (wav).  i can hear no audible difference, some people claim they can - good luck to them.  the noticeable differences are lower file sizes with flac and more metadata with flac.  i know computer memory is getting cheaper but if you rip lots of albums the space saving of flac relative to wav is hefty.
@ ian your right...eac is the best for me...but as you said poweramp is just as good as long as it uses accurate rip. for those who don't know why...any cd can be from any pressing, therefore it is able to tell the exact matrix numbers and pressing of your cd. therefore when it rips the offset correction is perfect and you get an exact rip on your computer of what is contained on the cd. if you do not use eac or poweramp then your cd could be ripped slightly off from the precise pressing that you have. for someone using any other ripping program like nero or whatever don't fret it will give you a quality rip. the only difference would be that the tracks could be milliseconds off at the start and end of each track. it's hardly noticeable so don't get worried. what happens is if you do a checksum to see if your cd has been perfectly ripped it may say that it is off. only audio nerds like me have to have it perfect. as far as eac being the best...ian i spoke with too much vigor. eac was an early program that was open source that was able to rip at 100 percent accuracy. so poweramp is just as good. sorry for the confusion. i'm a sarcastic person so i forget sometimes that my words will be taken literally. no harm. poweramp is worth buying if you want an all encompassing processor. it does just about everything. for those asking will pono music store supply eac. no it will not. eac is as i've said an open source freeware software...it is and will not be aligned with any for profit organization. eac is free in full. it has nothing to do with pono. db poweramp has a trial period then it will allow you to just convert between formats for free for life.   what you lose after the trial period is the [effects options] the ability to to dither from hi-res to lower bit depths and sample rates say from 24/48 to 16/44. this is why i use the trial poweramp to convert formats, say from wav to flac. if i want to downsample i dither and downsample with foobar2000 as it is also open source freeware and has lots of great free plug-ins like dynamic range checker, checksum to make sure that once you convert from one format to another that it has converted with 100 percent accuracy, and my favorite plug-in is the sox plug in which allows you to split tracks from a cd ripped as a single file by using a .cue file located in the folder with the cd ripped as one continuous flac file.
g'nite
speaker matching is critical on the qute. i have added a power amp (sort of defeats the purpose of a one-stop-music-box).
night...
marantz cr610 in the office. is good, very, but not a naim.
naim are so cool. i picked up a unitiqute exactly a year ago, before the announced the v.2. it was marked unitiqute. however it was actually the v.2.  naim had been shipping them unannounced for 2 months as they fazed them in, so that new buyers like me wouldn't be miffed at just having bought the old one!
well, it is naim...  have a hankering for a unitiqute for the office. now have a bowl of cornies before off..
@ian i still prefer the 'pull' from the naim (where the naim receives flac and converts on the fly), it sounds better than the 'push' from the jrmc
@tjc as long as you are talking 'just' of ripping cds then anything that uses accuraterip should do the job well enough i would have thought. jriver finds audio on your system and catalogues it well enough so no reason not to get started?
@rich as mentioned elsewhere naim likes wavs. and given their track record, that means something.
ta ra
since they said they are going to supply rip software it would be expected to be the best would like to rip using the best available maybe they can send us the software early
i'm off.  picked up a letter home today.  on vinyl.  cool.  very.
@ian i use lms (nee squeezebox) for my library and for streaming to two stereo systems. i point the jrmc at the lms library and it picks it all up nicely. i can also choose to push stream from the jrmc or to use squeezebox or naim servers to 'pull' from the hard disk. the advantage of the jrmc is that it can stream as pcm (i.e. it reconverts to wav) and then the naim doesn't need to process the flac.
oh yeah, it automatically picked up audio files on the mac ok, not all though. need to check that out.
just downloaded jrmc and,as you say rich, no sign of ripping options at the moment. but it is outputting at 96khz straight from the mac to desktop system here, which is ok. all looks a bit bland, but hey. wait and see then....
@tjc good recall
@richheart well yes they did say they would supply software that would rip. here is the comment they made @jdc one thing to remember about ripping cds, you need to rip them losslessly to flac. often ripping software is pre-configured for size optimized and results in compression. the ponomusic desktop app will include rip functionality but there are many other rip technologies already available for those would like to prepare.
the mac version of jrmc has no ripping yet.
@ian apple do some things so well and others so annoyingly, their own way. i just installed an airport extreme to replace my linksys e900 and i am so pleased with the improvement (streaming audio and video - both hi-res), the buffering and dropouts have simply disappeared.  it may be placebo, but i would say that sound quality has markedly improved over the ethernet connection too.
@rich - just read through their web site. rips alright, but not much information on what is used to do it. rest looks pretty good though...
@ian  pono have said they will provide a jriver based software system. jrmc is not my favourite flavour, but i can live with it (to paraphrase from crocodile dundee) :)
@rich  am not an advocate of itunes - i stopped using it a while ago. but the way that it integrates everything and allows you to put a cd in the drive and just wait until it comes out again is great. apple missed a big trick by going alac rather than just adopting flac. more or less the same thing. and the preposterousness of storing meta data separately is idiotic. pono has the opportunity to out itunes itunes i think, i just hope that they do, even if not on first release but in the forward roadmap. would have thought they will oem something rather than do it themselves? dbpoweramp the most functionality, but they probably would not need it all. am not sure of they still own accuraterip or not.
@ian i had an anthem soundstream cd1 which would playback hdcd's. eac would faithfully copy and then i would nero print cd's in in hdcd format. foobar too has an add-in component (if i recall correctly) that replays hdcd rips. some meta-data is saved by eac and transferred over to the flac files once these have been converted from wav. i think you are way more advanced than me though on metadata.
jriver software (installed on my mac - as opposed to foobar and eac on my pc) is not as intuitive, imho, as itunes. itunes otoh does a lot of stuff that i sometimes don't want it to do and doesn't do flac, which i want it to... if you get my drift :)
@ rich   aha! so with eac you rip to wav and then batch convert to flac? what about meta data? as i think wav not too good at that? btw one thing that dbpoweramp does now is find any hdcd layer on the original cd and rip it. i have maybe 20 hdcds and is great to be able to get that quality back as i sold my hdcd compatible player a few years back.
@ian from the last, yes i saw the article on vinyl ripping. i make no claim as to the absolute quality of eac, it is just what i have used and will not be re-ripping the whole collection any time soon.  eac has the ability to convert to a large number of formats automatically, straight after ripping to wav, with the possibility of keeping both the wav and the converted files. in order to use the flac converter (which comes with eac, but can be updated from the flac site) you must point the eac program at the flac converter program (once, for it to be registered). not too complicated.
when itunes arrived it did something very clever. it was a complete integration, a proverbial whole product. i had an mp3 player before ithings and it was a real pain to get stuff on to. itunes appeared and all you had to do was stick a cd in the drive and wait until it was ejected again - everything in between was (and still is) automatic, even up to the ripped cd appearing on your ithing. pono will have to match this if it is to meet apple head on. i really hope they do as managing a non ithing device is still a bit of a faff compared with itunes. which i more or less don't use these days, but on the odd occasion that i do i still admire the whole product approach. please pono, be as good as that, in fact be better than that.
am a bit confused... eac uses accuraterip to do its ripping from cd. i think this was invented by the dbpoweramp guys, who also use it. and am not sure on what basis eac is judged to be the 'best' ripper? it is short on features compared with competitors and does not support all file formats i think. is free though, which is a big bonus. and am not sure if pono will be supplying software for ripping cds? although they do say that the jriver software will be 'similar to itunes', which has ripping built in, although not to flac. perhaps i am not up to date on this? we know that pono will support multiple file formats and that there's lots of cd ripping software out there already. in terms of integration itunes is still the best, but things like media monkey are pretty good too. pono talks of content management and downloading software, but not of ripping. the accuraterip engine seems to be key to any oem deal they may do. as long as they don't do what apple does and keep the meta data separate from the audio file. causes untold problems. i sometimes get things like the meta data for a piece of classical music attached to a track from troutmask replica when using itunes. eac site seems to say that it supports external flac plug ins - does it rip to flac automatically? if you have a large library to rip, there are batch options too, which can speed things up. i'll stick to dbpoweramp, has proven to be very good over the 2000 or so cds i have ripped. especailly on sorting the meta data - it compares with multiple on line sources, and the artwork. the other handy function is de-duplicating if you have ripped same songs to different files. can be a problem as the device you use to play them on will intermingle the duplicates. is a pain in the back side. i would have thought that hi res files will either come as supplied from the owners or be ripped to 24/96 or maybe 192. may even get to 24/384 as they are starting to appear now. i am at a loss to understand how pono will release stuff in hi res that they do not actually own. as an aside, in the uk this month's hifi choice carries a good article on how to rip vinyl or other analogue sources to hi res. helpful.
@tjc pono have not at any point suggested they will be supplying cd's. the only physical media they are supplying is micro-sd cards with tracks in flac format. they say that if we have other flac media, this will work in the pono player. where does any of that lead to pono supplying you with ripping software?  if you already have 4 ripping programs, what exactly is your point?
@richheart i have eac and winamp and dbpoweramp and nero i was more interested what pono was going to give us as that i am sure will be superior to anything else
@ian i do get what you mean. just after i posted the link to that software, i thought: "uh oh, have i committed some grave ks no-no?" *smile i'll live
@tjc here, i copied the link provided by eac's web site: enjoy http://download.pcwelt.de/area_release/files/87/bd/87bd48bd274f8b304eaddcf8c8287f03/eac-1.0beta3.exe
@tjc eac is what i have used to rip over a 1,000 disks of my own. you can google "download eac" right after you thank me *grin
@siltech all i know is what pono have stated. as best i recall it, they will be using the best quality original they can obtain. that will sometimes be analogue tapes, more usually hi-res digital either 24/192 or sometimes lower res. they have promised a concerted effort to obtain material with the fullest dynamic range. they also promised to ensure that no tracks will be merely up-sampled (i.e. low-res sound on large files).
pono software is supposed to allow us to burn cd's to flacs i have more than a thousand cd's no intention on buying them again i just want to rip them to flac. is eac the software they going to send us?
i meant 192/24 and 96/24. thanks.
@richheart will the pono data be from original masters? also, will it be in 196/24 and or 196/24 resolution? i think so. what do you think sir.
@wc thanks, man! some great info to be found here. keep it coming, pono friends. llp!
@tjc eac only extracts from cd what is on there (exactly). pono will have the data pre-cd print.
curious if eac is the best is that what pono going to be using?
@all you guys and gals are awesome. i just posted this at the other web board...so no one would get confused about flac compression an dithering. just to let people who are new to this know, so as not to confuse anyone...you do not need to worry about flac level compression or dithering if you are buying tracks from the pono music store. the compression level and dithering are already done on the flac files you buy from the store. the only reason you would need to know flac level compression 0-8 is if you are ripping  files from say a cd yo flac or in say converting a wav file to a flac file. cheers all have a great day, off to a cookout.n:)
for those of us that live in a apple/mac ecosystem i suggest xld (includes accuraterip integration) for cd data extraction.
@ jim, @ lisa, @wc, @cm thanks, much appreciated. jim, am delighted about your wife and the moulds. had never thought of that before. please let us know how she gets on. mine are maybe two years old now and still as good as they day i got them.
hi everyone! just wanted to say 'thank you!' for all of the great information! informative and interesting! thanks @ian especially, for your very good posts!
anyone wanting to rip .flac files using exact audio copy (eac) might find these guides useful: http://www.youtube.com/watch… http://blowfish.be/eac/
btw there are some very respected names, naim for instance, who insist that wav files offer the best fidelity. problem with wavs (as i understand it) is that attaching and editing meta data is difficult. linn seem to exclude wavs though...
rippers... question about flac levels was because i thought level 8 was maximum compression, i use 5 which is standard compression and gives file sizes more or less the same as using alac (apple's lossless format - very flacalike). i sort of baulk at compression of any kind, even though i know it is lossless upon decompress. the dac that processes the file for replay must have to work harder and there are those in the high end community that say it is audible. or used to be maybe. i would think dacs are much more powerful these days and getting more powerful all the time. as i understand it, the people behind dbpoweramp originated accuraterip that eac uses. dbp does a whole lot more besides, especially comparing different stored metadatas and artwork for a cd. i find this and its ability to identify ripped albums without artwork and go away and find it really helpful - it just chugs away in the background. but it isn't free, although is not expensive either. looks like the first part of dbp for mac is now available, beta. is only the file conversion part though, not the cd ripper. btw, anyone tried audirvana? i use that on the mac and like it. also, vlc great software, not as well presented as audirvana but good all the same.
in case you missed it update 31 pono team is answering comments on the page https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1003614822/ponomusic-where-your-soul-rediscovers-music/posts/859908#comments long live pono !!!
@wc it was a great great evening.  i really think that if the naysayers and skeptics got face to face with john and the device, they would be impressed by the passion and professionalism. and i say this as an attorney for over 30 years, who is a skeptic by nature.
seems like there was a lot of dithering on this site in the last 12 hours or so (and i don't mean the dithering that christmachine referred to), and then the string hit some serious talk about ripping and the various means to use (and i've never ripped anything other than a good one in my life) and i've got much great music to transfer and i just filled a page of notes to follow thru when i get my pc set up.  thank you christmachine, john, brian, ian and all of you. and ian, my wife is hearing impaired and the ear molds she uses with her hearing aids get loose and the aid starts to squeak with feedback every couple of months requiring new ones and your post about your custom molds was invaluable and she's emailed the audiologist you posted the link to.  thank you. this forum, with (almost) all that's been written has been entertaining and eye-opening to me and has led me back to my record collection and a re-ignition of my love affair with music.   and for that, thanks to everyone of you.
@peter rustin,  you lucky dog!  wish i could have teleported there!
i'm looking forward to seeing everyone on the pono site soon.  i really think they are going to deliver big. when i went to the los angeles event, spoke to john hamm and heard the pono, i began thinking that this is something important happening.
@ian kendrick, @rich hart, @christ machine,@ siltech, @john, @brian milligan,@ o'boogie, others who have contributed in an informative dialogue, i thank you.  i've learned a lot by reading your folks' post and appreciate your opinions.  have a great weekend everyone!
@tjc, mr. young would not have stamped his seal of approval with the pono project if it were just a money grab.  while communication seems to hit a snag here and there, pono will deliver.  i have the utmost confidence in neil and his team and so should you.  if you've followed his body of work throughout his decades of music, (not to mention his work/help with the environment), neil young is an honorable man.  again, mr. young would not put his name just to create a gimmick.  if you believe that, then i suggest getting a chargeback from your cc company and join the crapple community.  there are more than 18,000 people that have faith in this game changer including myself.  patience and peace my friend. :)
sorry i mispoke...flac level 8 is the highest level of lossless flac compression...so slightly smaller file...i have great experience with it. level 5 as ian referred to is the standard with ltttle difference in size than 8 but there is less time in processing as there is less compression. either way they are both effective. some people say the higher the flac level the more processing power and bandwidth is used in the player to decode the file to play into your headphones from the internal amp. this is not true though... read more here http://www.head-fi.org/t/253135/flac-levels-question
as brian knows eac is considered the best because it checks a rip against a database for your particular cd pressing. the problem with eac is that it rips wav by default...except you can change the line of code to rip flac. i find it easy to do but some people get hung up on changing the command line code.
@john sorry to add eac into the mix...nero will make a great rip as well.
;)
thanks guys! i do like nero pretty well, but i'll check out those other options as well.
@brian i will only listen to cd's ripped by eac...you are right on. it is the best ripper out there for sure.
level has to do with the amount of lossless compression 8 is the least 5 is more compression but still lossless. dither is when you downsample from hi-res, say 24/48 down to 16/44 you want to use triangular dither setting as it is the most efficient as opposed to rectangular dither. nero works great i've used it in the past you just must have the default settings on...which is probably level 5. check the options or peferences panel to check it out. you do not need dithering if you are not down sampling from hi-res....sorry to make it more complicated than it is. what your doing is prabably exactly as it should when going from wav to flac.
john, foobar2000 is a great player.  for ripping, dbpoweramp is great but exact audio copy (eac) is a good .flac ripper and is free.
i don't know anything about this "level 5 vs. 8 ... triangular dither" stuff. all i have is nero 11, and it doesn't state what level it is set at...i don't think. maybe you all can enlighten me on this process...and on how good you all think nero is for this kind of thing.
foobar2000 is my player and for dr measurement...i can even dither to different bit depths and sample rates as db poweramp does using the sox plugin. so many great plugins as well to do many other things...and it's free ;)
at the forums i frequent most rippers use 8...so i go with that as space is not an issue, but 5 is fine as well as you say and saves more space in the long run...indeed.
i use dbpoweramp (bought a pc just for ripping) and their other software which finds missing artwork and de-duplicates. as for the mac version, i think they are slipping on that front. flac compression levels...  am surprised you use 8. i know its lossless (clue is in the name), no problems with8?  i tend to stick at 5.
brian...love it right. so easy to use and free.
cm, already use mp3tag, it's great!  if it can't find the art, allmusic.com or a google search usually does the job.
db poweramp is the best, right brian. soon poweramp will be on mac as well. a great tag batch processor is .mp3 tag http://www.mp3tag.de/en/ it will bath process and clean up all your meta data with ease. it even goes on;\line to find cover art for you! awesome.
@cm, i've been testing my cards via poweramp on a tablet, just to make sure the cover art flows through properly.
@john yup....flac level 8 using triangular dither if needed is the way to go! :)
@all...i'm sure brian already knows this. for anyone else when you buy your memory cards they will come with an adaptor so that you can plug them into a card reader via your computer. i use this to dump  a hundred gb's onto it pretty quickly...then i use drag and drop to add and delete from the players directly. if you try to add many gb's via the usb to pono it will take much longer. just a tip for those that don't know.
@brian...exactly.  zero chance of failure in my estimation...everybody fill your cards. the only thing could be a delay...and that happens. there's too much on the line...they are not reinventing the wheel here. just making the components fit and gui to run smoothly. a good indicator is their pre-production models that everyone has been trying out already. so they know everything fits. the major thing is to get the software to run smooth and efficiently as well as be able to run at the highest levels available. for example they say that certain size cards will work but they of course want to release a player that will play higher level size cards as they become available. things like that i'm sure will be the best technology they can write in coding terms. @e.a and @ john...here, here!!! :)
...and i'm constantly converting my huge cd collection to flac and wav files (been working on all my live grateful dead mostly).
ya'll know this is on the internet - am i right ? well "who ever watches that darn old thing anymore !!! sheesh ;) i mean really !!! as if !!! and will there be a thumb drive in my coffin with every little nuance of my "activity" like that "three week old maccheese sandwich i had delivered by drone to some hidden tribe - who still think if it flys its a very big bird / lets get lunch - in the jungles of the amazon [ reminds me to buy something ] peas love & brown rice for all !!! - everyone here is glorious !!! even mr. gorman ... long live pono !!!
@cm, you are right, there is almost zero chance of failure, i'm already filling my microsd cards :)
as ian said serious players! all of my hi-res players i already have, three of them...have all had the same rollout process, where there was little communication during the building and productions phases. they all delivered and i was not sure about there ability to deliver. the people that are running this campaign are going to come through very well for all of us.
i hear what you say but i agree with cm. we are dealing with serious players here. there will always be a risk, it is ks after all. in terms of comms, ponopeople.org already has a good voice with pono, as a community, ks itself has a duty and pono say they will be setting up their own forum. as a forum it will enable everyone here and backers who are not active here, to act as a group. also... this is a very high profile project. failure would not be good at all. scandalous in fact. that is not to say it could not happen, but there are heavyweights in the team.
hi ian, ea bug wrote his lovely mail to seek clarification from ks, as was his right. it's not important but i don't see where the inference that you disliked came from.  there is nothing in what natalie said that has an inference of bad behaviour on here.  marsha's comments were in line with ks rules and she apologised. you clearly love your etys and some of us do not, that's life. i fail to understand your comment about insults. we could all be more robust in our responses (you certainly were to terence and i was to mr gorman), it's better for everyone to avoid that if possible.  shall we move on?  music is much more interesting! best, brian
@tjc just to add to what ian said. you will not be abandoned...we are all in this together. regardless of when the players ship, ayre, pono, creator, neil young are not fly by night. we'll all be here and at pp.org and make the transition to pono music store together. i can promise you that you will get everything they say they will deliver and ido not even have the authority to say that. we'll all enjoy this as a big family...do not worry!
yes 31 but even in july it's to early as delivery on many will likely be in 2015 let's hope that is the case but i know of several projects that the creators have abandoned and took the money and ran with no communication. they have not been the most communicative here anyhow.
@tjc are you talking of update 31? if so it just seems to say that pono are freezing the account details but won't be getting their own on line community together until july. in the meantime they can communicate by email as they have been doing quite successfully (i think) and maybe here too. and ponopeople.org, as mentioned by pono in 31, is alive and well and seems to have legitimacy. this comments section won't die immediately. a ks project i am involved with that closed two years ago still has its comments section open, am sure others have the same experience.
i am not sure why the email and update indicates they are moving. they should maintain communication with this comments section on kickstarter until they deliver. i have no desire to be abandoned by them until that happens. i have been burned to many times on kickstarter by non deliverers. while everything they say sounds good so have others and nothing is guaranteed until the project delivers . i suggest notifying kickstarter to make them keep communication going here.
my point is a very simple one. there was no need to write anything to pono as far as i could see as no reasonable boundaries had been crossed, other than by the trolls who were dealt with by the crew here and by the pono team too. the inference was rather different. we differ in our view, i have no problem with difference. this is not a forum, it is a comments section about this ks project and there is no format other than comments. according to some there should be no comments about other products or any other ks projects. as for the etys, i made a recommendation and put some effort in, really wish i hadn't, have learned and won't do that again. the response i got wasn't very pleasant, i don't know why. i questioned it, politely, to gain clarity and got more of the same but no answers. this is clearly ok for everyone. i don't think this is an important tbh. i was perfectly happy to withdraw and still am. i am not suggesting over moderating at all and agree that is not a way forward. i could have been more robust in my responses but chose not to. no more insults though.
@o'b well thank you :)
@siltech, thanks :)
beautifully said, @brian.
hi ian, we do seem to see things differently and that's not a worry, we're humans. i have not visited ponopeople.org for some time so cannot comment on recent issues there.  on here, marsha warned against breaking the ks rules and quickly apologised for her phone-based negativity.  ea bug wrote a quite glorious sucking-up message to ks.  the key part of the reply from natalie of ks was, "we understand that backers may be interested in sharing information about other projects related to the main project, but doing so excessively could be considered spam."  i read that as just a general statement about ks rules, with no inference about anyone on here spamming at all.  unless i missed something, that is why i was non-plussed about anyone being miffed. the difference of opinion on etymotics was just a minor disagreement, different ears, experiences and taste. i don't see how the presence of a moderator or admin would have changed those exchanges.  excessive moderation of comments can kill forum debates, just look at the bbc forums, many rather inocuous comments are removed! this comments section has been a blast and i have thoroughly enjoyed it.  i'm sure we will all transition to a pono forum and have more ups and downs but mainly great fun. best, brian  llp!
@brian milligan well said sir. also, long live pono.
hi brian i have done as you suggested and re-read the interchanges that led to my position. we clearly see things differently, that's just life and i have no gripe about that. i am a moderator and admin on a few sites and the two matters would have been dealt with differently had such roles been present, which they cannot be on this platform. imho the issues are both reputational, one personal, the other for the group. the pono announcement makes their stance on ponopeople.org very clear and positive, despite the accusations of spam, against which i was defending. i was surprised that was not understood (not just for the other site, but in general). had i been around at the time i would have defended much more vociferously. kyle has led the effort over there, a few of us have supported him, despite the negativity. i think that will pay off very well for this community and am very pleased to have been part of it. my efforts are now towards a positive transition and the positive energy around that. in many ways the work here is now done. best i
@brian milligan,   ahhh, mr. gorman ! those were memorable days ... the pile driving community hacky-sack circle of doom ! yes brethren i too am considering my all hollows eve revelry pono arrival celebratory mask and re-creation of the now infamous gorman !!! a suit of blazing grays & dusty glitter disco skins should wake the dead ! but with my pono attached via a very trusted surgeon for life "will i hear gorman ?"* boogie marks* here or will i ask... "if a tree falls in the forest ?" or a doggie barks from a deep hole in a moth born basement ... what ever would displace my world so as to ever let my pono leave my ears in october 2014 ??? long live pono !!!
guys, i still do not understand why anyone could be miffed, offended or otherwise upset about the response from the ks lady that sparked yesterday's tiff,  this is a forum and there was minor disagreement yesterday.  was there any need for any moderation?  i don't believe so. we are adults with a shared interest and passion for music and the associated technology.  we are also all of equal stature here (even mr. gorman).  that means that we will agree or disagree on major or minor topics.  that's the nature of a forum for adults.  i too look forward to transitioning to pono music. i would invite anyone who has regularly posted here to re-read their posts, especially the ones concerning trolls.  you may find that at some stage we have nearly all crossed a politeness or considerate line.  few humans constantly behave like saints when discussing their passions. long live pono!
thanks for the nice comments, you guys. i have no beef with anyone here. never have. i think it's a great community, and i look forward to transitioning to pono music. llp! x
@dennis lane, klx ? is that daryl hannah holding the banner with neil? thanks !!! http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2014-01-16/canada-has-made-a-huge-mess-with-aboriginals-neil-young-says.html
@cm am already on the 'other site' and up to speed with that. my reflection is that this comments section has suffered from a lack of moderation and clear guidelines. and that it is really what it says - a comment section, not  a forum. hence the establishment of the other site. there cannot be any moderation here, or admin. today's announcement from pono is very timely.  throughout i have tried to be respectful and considerate - like it says right next to the post comment box. will continue to be so, but not here i think. thanks for your kind thoughts. i
@dennis  great photo...thanks for that!
here's our boy. http://www.bloomberg.com/image/iw1tzhiavtpe.jpg
typo* soz "since we at some point will transition from here and kyle's forum to the "pono music store forum" sometime this summer we need all the good people here to come along.
@ian i love coming here to read your posts...come on back, no harm done...people get into disagreements all the time on forums and you and o'boogie are the backbone of this community. since we at some point will transition from here and kyle's forum to the pono people forum sometime this summer we need all the good people here to come along. if you don't know what i am talking about in terms of the transition...kyle has posted some news about his site and how everyone will at some point transfer over to the pono music store forum. to read kyle's post log into the forum and read "registered users: please see the 'transition...' thread topic in the site's 'faq & suggestions' forum" he explains that at some point he will close his forum down and move everyone over to the pono music store forum. read it for yourself. thanks and respect! cm
@eduard @richheart @ian now would be a good time to check in over at the 'other site' (don't want to be considered spam).   we need to discuss some things.  :-)
@ian @o'b et al ian your contribs on here have been a solid part of this community.  o'b i've enjoyed your chirpy bluntness and sharp tongue :) i recall i lived on a kibbutz with a lot of n.y. americans (i originate from london - borne and bread- ha,ha.  "were you brought up at eton?" "no. i was eaten and brought up."   i digress.... :) ) anyway, i just could not get on with those n.y. americans, the humour/humor just wasn't the same. long story short:  one breakfast there were americans, me and a bunch of israelis, so we were talking in hebrew and suddenly i really got it: "two nations divided by a single language." we started laughing as we realised that we had begun to appreciate each other :)
@john , yeah it's an awesome album.  thanks for the link!
@brian you're welcome. sometimes they go on sale. got mine for 59.99 http://www.newegg.com/product/product.aspx…
over the years there have only been three aftermarket cd head units that were truly worthy of being called "audiophile quality". mcintosh mx406, nakamichi cd700, and clarion drz 9255. all three retailed for over $1,200 and are superior to anything else on the market (past or present). though they are all three remarkable, some critics favored the clarion drz 9255 over the mcintosh or nakamichi, claiming better overall sound quality practically in reproduction of mid-range. it is also assumed that much of the technology of the clarion was co-developed with mcintosh during the time period mcintosh labs was owned by clarion. sadly, all three are no longer manufactured and even the high end alpine, kenwood, or pioneer units lack in comparison.
@marv mac the clarion drz9255 is a phenomenal head unit. this unit comes with a external power supply. also, it has two aux inputs, and is made in japan. sometimes you'll see a used one on ebay for $700.00. new they sold for $1600.00. this is pretty much the same as mcintosh head unit. the clarion sounded better than alpine f1, which retails for 5k. i highly recommend this clarion drz9255, if you can afford it.   also, you'll need a great amp, speakers, and cables.
@siltech, make love not war !!! farm out !!! flower power !!! are you experienced ??? every thing is everything !!! my karma ran over my dogma !!! give peace a chance !!! nixon's the one !!! three days of fun & music !!!  long live pono
forgive me pls if this inquiry has already been posed and answered. for those of us who travel the highways extensively, what head unit would you recommend in order to appreciate pono's skills? i.e.  what brand/model has a decent/superior preamp section re its auxiliary input? i have no clue when it comes to car audio. thank you ! .
@e.a.bug long live pono.........bro
@creator, must eye uze mi real-name ? opps ... from ... sure everyone got this already "ponomusic online community we are thrilled with the level of community engagement on the kickstarter discussion board as well as the ponopeople.org site. we'd love to move all this wonderful discussion over to the ponomusic.com community and social collaboration boards. for those of you who have taken an active role in leading these discussions, you will have an opportunity to take a leading role on the ponomusic.com community site as well, and to elevate your social stature. please be on the lookout for our online community coming online in late july. thanks again for your support, the ponomusic team"
neil young - needle of death https://www.youtube.com/watch…
i didn't get the deluxe edition, but i did get the record album alone about 3 weeks ago at a local record store for $20. it does sound very...old..., but i love it!
hi everyone.  did anyone pre-order neil young's, "a letter home", deluxe edition?  i just received mine today and can't wait to hear some vinyl tonight!  :))). keep on rockin' in the pono world!
i would love to know what headphones charles hansen and neil young use with the pono. love my sennheiser 600 at home. need a portable set when the pono is on the go. trying a set of hybrid sony iems. ba drivers  sure are nice for detail.
my poster will be here soon, this project is awesome! @peter, thanks for the info on the martin logan mikros 90s!
cool, the pono wars are back!  fwiw, i can say that for headphones, the martin logan mikros 90s (get them for about 1/3 list at newegg) are a great portable unit. amazing detail. for serious home use, i got some philips fidelio x1's and they are amazing and can be had for <200 from amazon warehouse.  not for outdoor use (huge) but great sound.
@us;), pono sent the following  hello! pono music - where your soul rediscovers music is getting ready to ship rewards. this is the address you provided in your survey response: address check - the signed poster is a coming  !!! long live pono
(since that's what i got, i certainly hope so!)
(wonder if it'll end up on the csny pono as part of the 'stock' music they're putting on these les)
i can't believe the conversation in here is stuck on this kind of minutia... and not the csny '74 box set that had pre-orders kickoff today... music people.... music.   :-)
@ian all i can say is : don't let it bring you down
i didn't mean to offend anyone. for reals. i just want my pono, and i love to talk about tunes. i've actually made a great pal via these comment boards. so long live pono indeed! :-)
@ian, no-one's said anything that would imply anything about the way you live.  some of your many posts have been really interesting.  i think we all feel for you.  maybe put on your etymotics and listen to some music.  long live pono!
oh, dear. alrighty then! bye bye. go do your important things, by all means. i didn't know that a differing opinion was such a bad thing? i have no issue with such disagreements. also, i had better stop saying "take care" for fear of condescending?
i am not in the least uncheerful, quite the opposite. have had a very good day indeed. i just can't be bothered with this. and being condescended too. i genuinely do have more important things to do. i have done my best to help out, put energies in and if it isn't wanted that is fine, no problem. it seems quite clearly to be so. i will wait for pono to deliver and see where it goes. i don't need lecturing on cheering up. bye all.
@ian  cheer up, and have a good day.
o'b, you are most welcome. i sat beside a frequent flyer a while back and she was really sobbing about a 25 minute delay to edinburgh from london.  after asking what was wrong (answer, a little late) i asked if she flew often.  she was a three times a week flyer.  i advised her to avoid a heart attack by calming down.  getting upset should be reserved for special occasions or real hard times.
just wrote a post to reply, but have decided just to withdraw instead. i will continue with my awful way to live. bye folks.
@o'boogie i agree with you 100%. take care.
thanks, @brian. and i meant it. i just don't understand why anyone would be miffed by such a tiny thing. seems an awful way to live. siltech, that's ok by me. as i say, to each their own. i expect i'll buy something totally different when i get my pono, but i don't see the point in getting anything else until then. :-)
i tried the the bower & wilkins c5s, in my opinion they weren't very good. long live pono
@ian, our posts overlapped in the ether.  are you having a bad day?  my advice would be: 1. calm down, 2. stop referring to the, i've been here since day one stuff - a certain mr. gorman spouted similar stuff, 3.  o'b and everyone else is entitled to their view.  o'b even ended her post with, "take care!"  that's a really nice touch by a valued contributor on here. take care!
@ian, i'm a little confused why you should feel so miffed.  the ks lady just seemed to be giving general advice about ks practice which included a reference to spamming, as it should.  i didn't read that as being applicable to anyone on here except some trolls. i agree with o'b on the etymotics, they just don't do it for me, neither did my shure se530pth.  to each their own.  my preference is for headphones and i use sennheiser hd 25 ii and sennheiser hd 565 ovations.  every part of the hd 25 iis can be fixed which appeals to me and they sound great.  earbuds break easily and cannot be fixed.
@ o'boogie was only asking, politely at that. was interested because i am interested in different views. and no i don't own stock in the company.  you do know you are a bit on the sarcastic side? no idea why.
i knew you'd get all up in arms if i didn't like them. did you invent them? do you own stock in the company? what difference does it make if i don't like them? also, stay miffed if you like. it's a massive waste of energy. take care!
also, in what way the the etys 'suck'? that could mean anything.
@o'boogie which etys did you try? and i will stay miffed. i didn't like the inference.
obviously* (i hate typos.)
i love my bowers & wilkins c5s and my sennheiser momentums. i am waiting until we get our ponos to get anything else. i thought i should qualify my last post with what i prefer. to each their own, obvoiusly.
why would anyone be miffed? who cares? i don't think they were talking about anyone in particular here. anyway, i've never been impressed with etymotics. i've tried. they kind of sucked. sorry. i guess our ears prefer different sound quality. :-)
@david would be pleased to hear how you get on with the etys. especially with the moulds and after they are bedded in. think they are a relatively unknown gem. what are you driving them with at the moment?
@david. am miffed with some assumption that we are guilty of spamming etc. nothing could be further from the truth. those of us who have been here throughout have defended against any spamming. discussion around peripheral issues is not spam. is the accusation that i am miffed about. glad the etys do it for you. as already mentioned, they will take maybe 24 hours to bed/burn in. then they should really open out and sound more spacious. oh, hang on, is that spam right there? sorry about being a bit nowty - the idea of coming in at this stage and being a self appointed judge and critic is just a bit much for me. i spent a fair amount of energy tackling the trolls and those who did attempt to use this comments section inappropriately. and this community has already built an excellent relationship with the pono team, both by being backers and by communicating directly with them.
@ian k - definitely no reason for you to be miffed, nor any of the other audiophiles on here who have been posting some great stuff and some recommendations for those of us who are not as knowledgeable or experienced in such matters. i'm currently bedding in a pair of etymotic er4pt's that already, to me, sound amazing, and have today had my moulds done for the custom sleeves. well you have to do something to fill in the time till the ponos ship!
great news from the pono team.
thank you pono-team fot the update, looks like you are on schedule; keep it up, i believe in you!
@ian k, you are so right sir ! nothing of the kind has been or hopefully - cross fingers here - will ever sully this pono expressive ever expanding universe - apple should change it's name to snapple - miffed you say !!! aye aye sir and well done on this glorious maiden voyage of the grand & noble ship uss pono ******* 7 stars for 7 brothers long live pono !!!
oh dear. we have been sharing information about other stuff to use with pono, other daps, music sources and occasionally other ks projects. nothing would be construed as spam out of all of that as far as i am concerned and i have been here since day one. there have been some trolls who have been dealt with quite effectively and the pono team have assisted with that too. there has been nothing that could be considered detrimental to the project, or spamming. am a bit miffed about this tbh.
@marsha tyszler, safe side is asking so i played it safe and sent the - under comment - to kickstarter staff - got this today - which get all of us ~ pillaging, plundering, coal hearted pirates ~ off the hook ;) @peace ... kickstarter support (kickstarter) may 28 11:17 hi there, thanks for reaching out, and for your kind words about kickstarter! the focus of the project page should really be the project itself. we understand that backers may be interested in sharing information about other projects related to the main project, but doing so excessively could be considered spam. please use your best judgment when sharing information in the comments! best, natalie info may 26 04:58 question: after the campaign has closed is it appropriate / because people love this / is it ok to share accessory information while waiting for the project to ship ? like headphones for a portable player or good cables that everyone wants and asks for on the comments page after the campaign has successfully been funded and is closed to everyone but the backers - some of the suggestions are other active kickstarter campaigns - which is posted as url - since the project has sucesfully been funded the suggestions and requests directly relate to the closed campaign which helps everyone select the very best accessories / comment sections before closing of a kickstarter campaign are strictly forbidden - this is respected and understood - after the close of the campaign the suggestions are both timely and necessary to have a high quality discussion between the backers as to which would be the best accessories to choose - am i right in my assumption here ? you guys rock !!! this email is a service from kickstarter. delivered by zendesk. message-id:4gfakdcq_5385fe2344885_49313fd6f92c9eac1547a4_sprut
@tmh yes
hopefully all of the excitement and knowledge can be transferred and harnessed from this awesome place to the new pono store. at least then there will be a place to vent and gibber until october.
bruce is pono !!! bruce botnick 1980 caddyshack (music production supervisor)  https://m.youtube.com/watch… long live pono !!!
awesome stuff.  is it october yet?
great update, thanks for that.  everything sounds great as will the pono i am sure!
thank you for the great update.
this this this...freaking bruce botnik doing quality control...awesome!!! from today's update "last but not least, we are excited to announce that bruce botnick (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bruce_botnick) has joined the ponomusic leadership team. he is a legendary audio engineer and record producer known for his work with the doors, love, buffalo springfield, the beach boys, marvin gaye, and many other artists. also, on bruce's list of credits are numerous motion pictures including the star trek movies (http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0098567/). bruce is responsible for establishing our content strategy and ensuring that we provide you the highest quality version of each recording sold in our music store. bruce recently shared with the team the following graphic, which captures the state of modern recording today and depicts his motivation for joining pono to help us save music from the lossy formats such as mp3". i think i just busted a nut!
now that's an update.......fantastic....thanks ponomusic, neil, john and everyone.
update 30 is up.
i wonder if the csny store is being done by the same people as the pono music store. csny pre-orders begin tomorrow for the 1974 box set (too rich for me at 400 dollars). hopefully at least the tracks will be pre-loaded on my csny le pono player.
@tmh @alexander  the quality of a ripped vinyl will depend on many things. the adc and bit rates used are important, but it is the turntable/arm/cartridge/cable/pre-pream/preamp combination that will make possibly the biggest difference. if the rip is made using top flight combination it will be at least as good as the cd, often better. if a first generation copy of the lp is used, that will sometimes sound better than re-released remastered 180g vinyl. partly because it was made from the original master tapes, when they were new. i have some albums where i have the original vinyl, the remastered released 180g vinyl, the original cd, the remastered cd and the sacd or high res digital version. in more or less all cases, the original lp sounds best, then the high res version, then the remastered vinyl, then the remastered cd and so on. the recent nick drake rediscovered reissues are a case in point. you get the remastered vinyl on virgin 180g vinyl and a download code for 24/96 from the master tapes. the vinyl and the 24/96 sound very close indeed. i only use the vinyl when the lights are down, a glass of wine and the fire glows and i just want to listen. all the talk of vinyl being better than digital only really applies if a good quality turntable/preamp are used as far as i am concerned. that can sound like snobbery. isn't. is just how it is i think. the really great thing about hi res is that, at last, the sound of digital is 'good enough' to match that from top flight vinyl. and it doesn't wear out, is easy to use blah blah blah. so i would check the equipment used for the vinyl rip. unless you are a nerd like me though, it may all sound like a foreign language as most of the really good equipment is obscure because it is so expensive and therefore rare. i have recently gone back to vinyl after a 10 year lay off btw. am very glad i did. just bought the recent damon albarn album on vinyl and you get the double vinyl, the cd and a download as well. best of all worlds.
@tmh: the quality of a vinyl transfer depends entirely on the equipment used to make the transfer, and on the pressing and state of the record of course. if it sounds worse than cd, it is not a very good transfer. i know for a fact that there are excellent transfers of that album that easily outshine the standard cd mastering. ps: after having bought the album 4 times in various editions, including twice on vinyl, i don't think it's piracy to download a vinyl transfer of it :)
not that i would in any way condone piracy................but has anyone downloaded any hi-res vinyl rips off some of the torrent sites that seem to be very prevalent?  i downloaded a version of pink floyd the wall (my no1 album of all time) in 96/24 and found it very flat compared to the cd.  perhaps i am so used to the loudness boost that cd brings that i am not used to the nuances of vinyl any more, or maybe the person, who took the trouble of ripping the album and converting it to hi-res flac, just didn't do a very good job. anyway, interested in others thoughts
@tjc, n o b o d y's get-tin mmm yyyy  kenny rogers :)
wc great idea about the different days maybe i could load a memory stick with different tracks and do the same thing. you might be right about the collector bit that's why i mentioned selling them on ebay you may find a neil fan who would want a collection might even be able to sell them at a bit of a profit.  of course just because they are limited and numbered does not automatically make them collectible. someone must want to collect them, time will tell us that.
@tjc, if i had seven, i'd load different tracks on each and play one for each day of the week.   also, some people are collectors and these les are in fact a collectible.  nothing wrong with that.
e a bug throw six of them in a drawer to collect dust and carry one of them or sell them on ebay to a neil fan if you can
@eduuard nuijen.  great question.  i think i might just have to go all out and get the 128gb cards myself.
marsha you do not need to be pono's official tattletale.  however, pono needs to hire a better liasion between its backers & @ponomusicteam.......
@tjsea-of-dreams, ok... very good point ;) sooo since i am not a caine spyder - how do i keep track of all 7 pono players - yea i pledged for 7 players & t-shirt & poster & a bunch of names on the website - say where are the backer names gonna be ? how about along the masthead? long live pono !!!
ed can't watch that stuff to boring guess the store will open sometime makes no difference to me i have all the music i want in flac format hope the player delivers up to all the hype they put out
headphones... http://www.sonicsense.com/blog http://www.sonicsense.com/blog/headphone-shootouts/which-headphones-are-best-listen-here-for-yourself#audition100headphonesonline
pono stated they will be giving an update here sometime this week.
@tjc do not know exact date but john hamm in his presentation said beginning of june i think if you want to watch him : http://forums.stevehoffman.tv/threads/neil-young-readies-pono-music-service-for-expansion-part-3.347647/page-13#post-10473939
eduard nuijen what day is the store opening?
bug how could you lose a pono it is designed to be held i your hand not set down
so, only a week before the store (website) opens. i have been going thru my music-collection (re-enjoying the oldies) and creating a digital library of ripped cd's and bought hi-res albums (qobuz is my main source, being in europe does not allow you to download everything on hd-tracks and the likes) in anticipation of october. i have already started on my own list of albums i want to get in hi-res. i have so-far created over 600gb of music, not sorted by playlists yet  (yes i am semi-retired so have more time than most to do this) which leads to the next big question: which extra sd cards to get! does anybody already know more about them in regards to music-playing? i will probably wait for autumn to order the cards (maybe 128gb will be cheaper then or 64gfb will have become a lot cheaper) any thoughts on this?
@marsha tyszler, the pono player is closed ... so referencing other products here to assist in the selection of accessories: headphones, audio cables and the like are "suggested" here :) feel free to post your favorite headphones, cables, bands, singers etc. it's all good to go / & yes apple products are a hazard - especially with reference to great music !!! long live pono !!!
oh man, autocorrect!! i didn't mean to say not cool to shamelessly .... i meant many campaigns don't think it's cool .... typing on iphone is a hazard, lol.
btw, not trying to be negative ... but i've seen people's accounts get banned and stuff!
@ea bug, not cool to shamelessly plug other projects on another ks page. in fact, it's against ks rules!
@everybody... who? yea you ;) my little pono will be completely "irreplaceably" unique so what if i loose the damn thing = broken crazy horse heart :(  soooo look !!! https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/yuansong84/ifind-the-worlds-first-battery-free-item-locating… long live pono !!!
@brian.... wasn't serious :o)
do these need headphones?
well i thought i'd drop by for a wee look see. glad i did it's reminded me to do something about the headphones or lack of them & to start saving :) . looking forward to june for something fresh from the pono team and of course counting the days till october.
ian, i don't see any furore, just a discussion of music - that's always fun!
@bug +1 for david's shot.
is me again, other ident on the 'puter. townes van zandt...  apologies for typo. my mate's comment about finding the centre is apposite i think. what is at the centre is the essence. and that is the essential. then i think i like all genres really. it's the derivative stuff away from the core that i often think of as a bit weak. so for british folk am a big admirer of dav(e)y graham, bert jansch and the like. blues is the delta for me - backer of the blind willie johnson ks project, love fred mcdowell, john hurt, charlie patton and co. kelly joe phelps does it for me these days too. rock, especially guitar, is hendrix and am left wondering what's been done since really. lots of good stuff, but who has moved it forward? the late michael hedges and these days antonio forcione do things with the guitar that are real innovations. and then there's beefheart and the durutti column. the list is long. just been out for a walk with bella the dog (in between this and the last paragraph) and it occurs to me that what cash was doing with the list was defining the core songs that were his cultural roots and identity. the centre of the groove. same thing as bob harris, but his 5 part radio series did it for different genres too. essences, always essences for me. originals. creators. must find out what is on the rest of cash's list. so yeah, the core of country music is great, i love it. just don't ask me to line dance. hank williams' lost highway is on many a playlist i've put together.
@bug - cheers! it was a great show. on the barrier with crazy horse on full throttle!
now look what i've done....  bit if a throwaway comment and a furore kicks off. an a great fan of johnny cash, especially the rubin albums, have them all. and towns van azande, willie nelson and such like. picking up on one comment, when i was a kid a mate of mine said that at the centre of any musical genre there will be something wonderful otherwise the genre wouldn't be there, so find the centre. the people mentioned are the centre and are great. it's the country stuff that is all rhinestones and glitter i can't be doing with. but then jayne and i went to see glen campbell on his farewell tour and hearing him sing wichita lineman was very special. especially as the band were his kids and they had to tell him where he was in between songs and what he had to sing next. did anyone in the uk pick up on bob harris's ultimate play list five part series on bbc radio 2 recently?  is where i picked up the story of the list. if anyone interested let me know. on the mac i have a piece of software getiplayer automator. all i will say is check it out. excuse typos. is sent from phone.
@jim & @brian +1... i thought i hated country music...and then i really listened. i don't like pop corny country,,,i'm talkin outlaw country! johnny cash, willie nelson, waylon jennings, patty griffin, three girls and their buddy, buddy miller, emmylou harris, neko case, bonnie raitt...awesome stuff!!! :)
@david dunn yeeehaaa !!! http://ddconcertphotography.smugmug.com/selectedliveimages/i-crkhkrh/a great shot dude !!!
gram parsons was great and again sadly died way too soon.  the johnny cash discography is great, i particularly like the rubin produced albums.  also great are, lyle lovett, patty griffin, emmylou harris (wrecking ball is fabulous), john prine, lucinda williams, willie nelson etc.
sorry, got steve earle's quote wrong.  it was:   'townes van zandt is the best song writer in the whole world and i'll stand on bob dylan's coffee table in my cowboy boots and say that.'
how true you are, brian!   one more in the the country vein for ian:   'return of the grievous angel - a tribute to gram parsons'.   and then the masterpiece from the sadly departed garifuna artist andy palacio. 'watina'.  i have them both in my hand, a shit eatin' grin on my face and just not sure which to play.
jim, townes van zandt is great but i'm not sure steve earle got that call right - it's pretty hard for any artist to beat the quality, diversity, longevity and influence of bob's music.  fair play for suggesting other country artists to ian, there are plenty of greats to choose from. i find it hard to understand how anyone can't find high quality music in every musical genre, for me that's one of the joys of music.
ian.    it's a good thing i quit my day job to open up the time to follow all the excellent posts and all the leads off them on this feed.   your comment about 'the list' that you don't like country much caught my attention.   if you haven't heard it yet, check out 'poet: a tribute to townes van zandt'.  no disrespect to  the bob, but as steve earle is alleged to have said with respect to song writing, 'dylan didn't deserve to wear townes' boots' or something like that.  a couple of listens and you may just have to get yourself some cowboy boots :)
to @ian and others: thank you for all your information on head[hones, i will be looking for a good deal now both on-line and in the shops. again thank you guys!
@ian k thanks for the advice, it's much appreciated. thanks too for your contributions throughout this campaign. re echo arena, i figured i had to get over there. it's entirely possible it might by the last time we see nych on these shores, although i hope not.
if you do not have dave matthews and tim reynolds live at radio city on bluray get it. i have many concert videos and this is by far the best, the sound quality is amazing. this will be my system demo disc for a long time.    it has three audio versions; pcm stereo 48khz/24 bit, dolby truehd 5.1 96khz/24 bit and dolby digital 5.1 surround 640kbps. the video is just as good as the sound. buy it now!
thanks all for the responses on headphones. i think i'll wait on the audio-technica quietpoint noise-reducing ones for $88 for now. i found a pair of them on ebay that i have bid $41 max for now. the sale for them ends tomorrow night, and i won't be bidding higher. if i don't get those, i'll wait for a while and keep checking out your all's reviews and keep testing out ones at stores (when possible) until i find the right ones. also, i probably will end up buying more than one set before it's all said and done. by the way, i still have my pair of sony mdr-v200's i purchased while in the u.s. navy on a stop in hong kong back in 1992! the leather on the ear-pads have crumbled away to show only the foamy part, but they still feel great and sound good too (for a pair of cheep headphones from the past).
@david et al. one last thing about the etys. they take time to burn in. they don't sound too good when brand new. would give a false impression if you only heard them that way. i leave them to burn in for at least 24 hours. then they start to sound great. they get gradually better still over the first few weeks and then settle down. i find with the ak that the sound takes maybe 5-10 minutes each time i use them for the sound to really open up. that is also because the ak takes that look to stop sounding a bit grumpy at being woken up.
am not saying kinch is a girl from the north country... please can i stop digging now?
@kinch  is girl from the north country not north country fair... doh!!
@david  echo arena is a few miles from here, am over the water from liverpool on the wirral peninsular. 13 july you say? hmmm... may have to, would be bonkers not to really wouldn't it? will investigate with jayne and sort something out.
@ ian k excellent, i see there is a local acs a few miles away. i'll get on it! looks like you're in the nw? you going to echo arena on 13 july?
@david - yes the uk. local audiologist. as i recall acs arrange the mould making and fitting for ety in the uk. they are who i used. probably the only other iem i would consider, expensive though...  url for them below. they should advise you of a local audiologist, get an appointment and they will do the moulds for you. takes about 15 minutes all in - squirting cold silicon stuff into your ears. is painless and safe and not messy at all. pay them the money and wait for a small box to arrive through the post. took about 3 weeks for mine. the fit of the etys in the moulds is perfect - acs know what they are doing in terns of getting the etys to point in just the right direction. and the fit in the ears is also perfect - well it would be really wouldn't it? i have had my moulds for maybe 2 years now and they still look, feel and work as new. i think acs keep your moulds at their factory so that you can order another pair without a fitting. i think that is right, not sure. also... if you don't like the etys they keep their value well and will sell on ebay quickly. i got my last set from the usa, secondhand and as new for around $181/£108, which i suspect is a bargain. that was boxed, with all of the accessories. and i stand by all i have said about them really. apart from the uncorrectable typos... here is acs. i do lust after their high end iems though.... http://www.acscustom.com/uk/index.php…
headphones... http://www.sonicsense.com/blog http://www.sonicsense.com/blog/headphone-shootouts/which-headphones-are-best-listen-here-for-yourself#audition100headphonesonline
@ian k your headphones post has convinced me re the etymōtics. thanks for the write up :-) one question, where did you get your moulds done - was it here in the uk?
@kinch   his bobness http://www.brainpickings.org/index.php/2014/05/21/bob-dylan-songwriters-on-songwriting-interview/…
@kinch thanks. the list (rosanne cash's album) is a delight. she does north country fair on it - i would have predicted it would be dire, but is sublime. i love it when someone does a version of a song you don't like but know well and for the first time you like the song and realise it is just the performances you didn't like. whole album (with a few exceptions which i have always liked, notably north country fair) is like that. i hope she does the rest of the songs on her dad's list. always had respect for him - he carried the prophet around with him, a good sign. dylan. 70. get outta here...  crazy. he is a cantakerous bugger, but a genius alright. soundtrack of our lives really, in one way or another. i have a documentary about him with his own voice as the narration. it starts with "i was born a long way from home and been trying to find my way back there ever since'. any spirit that can express that kind of thought is ok with me...
brilliant "review" ian. btw, sky arts have been running a 70th birthday tribute to bob dylan today. rosanne cash was on the celtic connection programme about an hour ago.
headphones eh?....  tried many and varied in ear, and closed and open backed over ear types. i find closed backs sound just that a lot of the time - closed in. i have a pair of sennheiser hd600s which are pretty good but the sound leakage is hopeless, you can't be in a room with anyone else. i was in an empty train carriage so thought i was ok - turns out there was another passenger maybe 6 rows away from me. after ten minutes he came and asked me to turn it down and only just staying calm whilst he did so. but they do sound open enough. my a&k ak120 drives them, but frankly not well enough for regular use - they need a headphone amplifier. bose noise cancellers are pretty good as a compromise. i don't have a pair, but my son does and i have used them. you get the best of all worlds really in that they really do cancel out background noise rather than try to seal it away from your hearing. they are battery powered so don't need a heavyweight headphone amplifier for use. they sound open and natural, lots of detail and no harshness. good with the iphone and ak. having bought klipsch (x10i?) can't remember the model number) in ears. i gave up on them, ended up giving them to a friend. they were good, but flimsy and looked like they wouldn't last. they didn't. lots of others along the way including denion, sony and sennheiser in ears. some of you will know what's coming next... a friend in the world of audiology - yep, there is one - asked me why i hadn't tried etymōtic research. never heard of them, but he knew the company well, and their reputation. so i gave them a go. er4ps, which are the top of their range. costs seem to vary, maybe $250 - but check that out. they do two versions, the s and the p. s is high impedance. you get an impedance matcher so that you can turn the p into an s. it's just a short cable with a socket on one end, plug in the other. the p is efficient enough - my ak120 drives them brilliantly, so does my iphone 5 (although it sounds crap compared with the ak), ipod classic and ipad also drive them well enough. the s sounds smoother than the p but is not easy to drive. the ak struggles. it sounds ok, but not loud enough really and i'm no head banger, although i do like all sorts of music and don't like it quiet either. so, er4p etymōtics. before describing the sound, i should point out that the first pair were stolen from the tank bag of my motorcycle (right in form of me, by a pair of kids who shot off on bmx bikes, which was annoying). i looked around for replacement phones but ended up with another pair of etymōtics. very happy with them, but after a year or so they got damaged in an accident. they were replaced last christmas with... another pair of etymōtics. this is the first and only time i have ever done such a thing - replaced something with the identical item. there's a reason... well a few really. main system here is pretty good by the way. wilson benesch arcs driven by monobloc arcam amplifiers, cd player and preamp. turntable is a michell gyrodec with a good moving coil. all wired up with chord signature cables. oh yeah, a pair of rel subwoofers. is all detailed, dynamic, and not harsh. i use high res already, fed from nas. first off, the sound of the etys driven by the ak is good. really good. detail levels are superb,   dynamics are spot on, the high end is brilliant. i hear things i have not heard before on albums i have been listening to since the 60s. sometimes things that the big system at home doesn't reveal. this is a shock.  there is often a criticism of the etys in that the they are thought of as bass light. the reply from the company is that this is caused by an insufficient seal between the buds and the ear. they come with different buds, varying sizes and shapes. they seem to seal ok, i also tried comply buds - recommendable for any in ear phones, they were much more comfortable, especially over time. so... the bass was ok with one of the bud sizes and shapes but my friend from the world of audiology encouraged me to get some custom moulds for them. i did, eventually. you know that feeling you get when you find something and say to yourself 'why didn't i do this a long time ago?'. that. big time. the moulds cost around £75 in the uk, which seems expensive. i think that, for the benefit they give, that is cheap. the bass just came alive, went much deeper, better shaped and define, everything. etymōtic is right - the seal between ear and bud is vitally important. but... they are also ridiculously comfortable. i sometimes wear them for 12 hours at a stretch (long journeys - train/plane/train) and they just aren't there, apart from the sound. i have very sensitive skin so was worried about that, but no problem. and the sound isolation is better than the bose noise cancelling cans that my son has. no downside really. if you heard two sets of headphones, one of which was £75 more you'd try to stretch the budget fro the ones with custom moulds. like listening to different cans. really. the etys are robust, simple. there are complaints of microphony through the cables but it never bothers me. you need to change the filters every 6 - 9 months or so, depending on personal levels of ear wax, but they are cheap enough. and you can get different ones that can tune the top end - tame it or make it a bit brighter. i also have a converter that has a mic in it that turns them into a headset, so i can use them with the phone and make calls. i have investigate replacement cables but never quite got round to it. if they get damaged or stolen again i know what i'll do... oh, music i listen to? all sorts. from beefheart, that's him in the picture. to acoustic guitar, piano, brian eno, hendrix, kelly joe phelps, michael hedges, and a whole lot more besides. right now rosanne cash's the list is playing. great album, i don't like country much but the story behind the album intrigued me. i don't think i'd go back to a big pair of cans again, especially if to be driven by a portable device without a headphone amplifier - i have a couple of them but can't really be bothered whilst on the move. what will they sound like with pono? no idea. have to wait and see. but as long as item headphone amp in it is a good one they should sound fine. i don't often wholeheartedly recommend anything as personal choice is such a big thing. but in the case of the etys i'll make an exception. i bought jayne a pair from lower down their range and they are brilliant to by the way. cheers i
after watching as many reviews as i could (headfi and innerfidelity have great youtube channels as well as publications) i decided on a few candidates which i was able to listen to personally. i listened to many cups in the price range from 200 to 1000 (euro) and eventually fell for the shure shr-1540. to me they are the most comfortable over ears set, they're incredibly lightweight and they sound amazing. i'm no bass head but i do need the warmth in the sound of wooden instruments. high's should sparkle without harshness. the shure's give me all that. and last but not least: an iphone can drive them to great volumes, so pono should as well. my advice: listen to as many cups as you can and bring an iphone/ipod to test if pono would be able to cope with the power specs.
@john:one other point i forgot to mention. the momentums are open-backed. the shure 840 is closed-backed. what's the difference? amongst other re things, the open-backed are said to allow hearing or the perception of hearing a larger-sound stage. from my point of view, because sound-leakage is minimal the closed-backed allows me to listen to music in quiet environments e.g. in bed at night, without driving the boss demented. that for me is a major plus. end of the day, i doubt you would go wrong with the momentums. once you start on this road, you'll end up buying a second set of phones later on. btw, the martin logans's that richheart is talking about, and which have got good reviews, are only $87 on amazon.com.
@john, the sennheiser momentums on-ear at $150 are good value. i've heard them in a store using the store's music, so there was an ocean of bass flowing. i will bring my dap with me the next time i'm going there. between the on-ear version and the over-ear, i'd prefer the over-ear. that seems to be the general consensus, but then again the over-ear are vastly more expensive. i'd have a look at the shure srh840 on amazon.com. they are excellent headphones and listed at $199. it all depends on what you are looking for: phones to listen to at home or on the move? the 840s are big; the momentums are very tidy. both are well built and will last.
@eduard i am in the unfortunate position of not having access to somewhere to demo all the headphones i'd like. so yes i went through a mass of reviews. what kept coming up on the logans was that the mid and treble were superb, whilst the bass was musical if not plentiful. since that is really my taste in sound (quality over quantity), they seemed like the way to go. i was sold on them at $300 so when i found a pair for $120 including import duties and shipping, i took the plunge. they certainly give my pro-ac response 1c's a decent fight and that's all i could hope for. there is certainly a great deal of tunefulness to the bass.
hey john,  i've had a pair of the anc's for a few years now and use them exclusively for flying.   the noise reduction is excellent.  i've only ever listened to movies or soundtracks on the planes, but the sound is rich and clear in that setting.
http://lkpr.co/
@john,  backed this canada product / can't say on your quest - however when my "classics" arrive i'll post the flavor - you rock dude !!! long live pono !!! https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/plpl/rock-hard-canadian-maple-headphones
here is the link to the audio-technica ath-anc7b's.  http://www.audio-technica.com/cms/headphones/1c7efaa15727a938/index.html also, they are called "quietpoint" active noise-cancelling headphones. plus, i found some sennheiser momentum on-ear headphones on sale at best buy for about $150. their impedance is 18...i think. is 18 ohms too low? a lot of people here have said good things about the sennheiser momentums. should i get those. i just can't spend more than say...$200 for headphones. thanks for some feedback on this.
@creator, will the ayre acoustics brand - directly - market the pono player to it's "high-end-audio" retailers as in-house audio testers & retail product ?
i'm getting a little impatient as far as waiting on getting some good headphones. i keep going into different stores looking for a "good deal". while at staples, i noticed they had a their audio-technica ath-anc7b's on sale from about $200 down to $100, plus, they have a coupon in their paper for an extra 20% off. that makes these headphones around $88 after taxes. the sale is supposed to end tomorrow night. should i jump on these for the price, or are they totally not appropriate for the pono player? i did look for the impedance, and they were rated at 300 ohms. what do you all think?
@lisa cooper as the pre-orders start on june 1 i figure there would be an update before that anyway.....but we got a pre-pre-pre-order update....
@kyle french, "little by little" ... "baby steps" ... why spoil the surprise (could be bigger than we all imagine) ... long live pono !!! & welcome back kyle / when is your new arrival expected / boy or girl or twins ? do you know ? @peace
eduard have a look at http://www.head-fi.org/products/category/over-ear as usual as on any forum, you will have evangelists there. nevertheless there's no shortage of knowledge. i have b&w p5s and shure srh 840s. they are both easy to listen to, and good quality structurally and sound wise. the 840s are a little more laid-back, and for the price are fantastic. to my ears they deliver effortlessly and superbly, from treble to bass. they've got the finesse to play the full spectrum and put a smile on my face while doing it. i'm a relatively recent convert to headphones as i used to prefer to my music via loud-speakers (b&ws, 802 fronts and 805 rears). since i got my ibasso dx90 i've found myself listening to a whole lot more, and getting into the music again. the pono when it turns up will be an interesting comparison.
@eduard check out sennheiser hd-650 headphones. these are the ones i own, and are great sounding.
@richheart i am curious to find out why you chose the martin logan headphones; i have not decided on headphones yet so any info will help me make a good choice
reminded of 4/15 when pledging ended this afternoon. thanks @dana for getting the ball rolling on our update! hehe listening to after the gold rush, sure sounds good! @pono we believe in you. :-)
have a listen to the ultimate headphone demonstration disc from hdtracks.com while you're awaiting your pono. the 192/24 download is a hefty 3gb. use the code uhdd20 to get 20% off. it is recorded in binaural so is great on headphones. livingston taylor's "ink"is pretty good too. his version of "isn't she lovely" is wonderful.
@dana - lol :)
@dan scott glad you got your ketchup.
we can never know about the days to come but we think about them anyway and i wonder if i'm really with you now or just chasing after some finer day. anticipation, anticipation is making me late is keeping me waiting and i tell you how easy it is to be with you and how right your arms feel around me. bit i rehearsed those words just late last night when i was thinking about how right tonight might be. anticipation, anticipation is making me late is keeping me waiting and tomorrow we might not be together i'm no prophet, i don't know natures way so i'll try to see into your eyes right now and stay right here, 'cause these are the good old days. - carly simon we have a lot of life to live between now and october/december, don't wish away the time. go find some music that you really loved but haven't listened to in years and reconnect.
patience.  these grapes are not sour.
now pretend that aesop's fable, the fox and the grapes is written here, too.
@kyle i hear you :) i have my new martin logan - 90 headphones and ichord cable safely in a draw, waiting the arrival of my nice new pono.. until then i am practicing listening on some decent audio equipment. :) "take it easy, take it easy don't let the sound of your own wheels drive you crazy lighten up while you still can don't even try to understand just find a place to make your stand and take it easy" - jackson browne - glen frey.
"pono is about the music, it’s about the people who make the music and the way it sounds to us when we’re in the studio making it.  it’s about you hearing what we hear… and that hasn’t happened in a long time.  we wanted you to be a part of this, and to help us to launch this music system into the world, a music ecosystem.  we think that, as music lovers, having you along with us from the very beginning, with the special players that we’re offering, will be a cool thing for you to be a part of… for us to be a part of with you. "when a kid hears a song for the first time, you gotta remember, these are young people… they’re fresh, they’re peaking, all their senses are there.  their vision is great, their hearing’s amazing, and their physical abilities are at their peak. everything is tuned in, just like nature intended them to be.  there’s very little damage.  so, just so i can sleep at night, i want to bring back pono; i want to bring back real music. pono means ‘righteous’. pone is ‘the one, the whole.’  it’s a hawaiian word.  so i want everybody to hear music that way.  that’s why we’re on kickstarter, so that we can share this with everyone, and everyone that loves music can share in the release of pono, and the launch of the real music experience of the 21st century.  that’s what we’re here to do. " - neil young remember why we're here and why we each, as individuals who love music, signed up for this.  the team is hard at work fulfilling their promise to provide a new music experience for us all.  we should not be so earnest in expressing our constant need for news and updates, so long as we keep our faith in the ponomusic team to exceed our expectations, as i believe they will.  everyone relax and enjoy the ride and anticipation, it will only last so long...
blind dates scare me ... updates kinda make my brain ache ... i like fresh dates & figs, figs are very tasty... maybe... maybe they are afraid of us... long live pono
@wc they really need to focus on posting all future information here!
@robert mais, sweet, maybe they can make a post about the update on myspace.com too. :)
they also made a post on twitter about the next update coming next week.
the @ponomucicteam did not make their money off of facebook.  why release update news on there instead of here?  seriously, over six million was made and no update for over a month.  @pedram, time to hire some people or interns.  also @pedram, can you show us a little detail like this? https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/332295438/21st-century-tank-girl-a-book-by-hewlett-and-marti/posts/848248 not that you don't have to. :p
@eduard, appreciate the help, thanks.
can't wait for the update. i just want some new details!
did everyone see the post on facebook? i think it may have worked......update next week.
dana gibson a brilliant cnbc reporter asked if it's portable what did he say did he know the answer? we only talk to our rich friends. good point!
@robert mais i do see the ponomusicteam logged on yesterday but not today yet. as pat sajak said, "sometimes you need to hit the hornet's nest with a stick to see what the buzz is".
@francisco : if you log on to ks, go to the pledge (on the right hand of this screen) it will show something like this: pledge $300 or more 1324 backers all gone! yellow ponoplayer – first edition. savings of $99 off $399 retail value. plus: website thanks. estimated delivery: oct 2014 add $15 usd to ship outside the us survey sent: 4/22/2014 • your response  when you click on your reponse, you can change the address
hi @pono, or anyone who might know the answer, i just realized that i made a mistake in the shipping address that i submitted, how can i go about changing that? thanks for the help.
as the ponomusic team have been logging into this account almost on a daily basis, it would be nice if they relayed any information related to design/production.
so john hamm, on cnbc, talked about a yellow, black and brushed nickel model. a brilliant cnbc reporter asked if it's portable.....head shakes..... nine days until pre-order. june posters shipping......any of you 1010 people who pledged for a poster....let us know when you get it. how about hashtagging fb and twitter with #howlongdoesittaketotweet? i'll even give the text to copy and paste: we're still working on it. we've got the ayres components in. we've finalized the design. we're sleeping. we're at an awards banquet. we only talk to our rich friends. or something.
prima donna you bet i think e. a bug hit it on the head pono music will make money selling music not pono players
e. a. bug, are you trying to start a rumor? does such power exist? i expect that no recording artist has the privilege or even desire to stop sales of music they have already contracted. maybe, just maybe neil will record something to sell for a short time exclusively through pono music before it becomes available elsewhere. or perhaps the highest resolution files of certain selections will be made available initially only through pono music. one artist alone can not single-handedly 'support' pono music, unless that artist forever wants to be considered a prima donna.
@creator, will neil young ... pull his music from all sellers to exclusively sell on & support pono music ? http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss…
@siltech  i know that some of those who are uber dedicated and/or uber rich have houses constructed with massive horns built into the foundations and only the flared end of them appearing in the floor or walls. from everything i have heard about them, such horns are the very very best sound you can get. and with very small amounts of amplifier power - a couple of watts of valves/tubes usually. bass is reckoned to be unparalleled. we can but dream. well, i can anyhow... if anyone didn't pick up on this, here is the link again, for a 27 feet long horn speaker. http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-27483035
@pedram abrari, could you feed us backers some scraps from the table because we've heard only tidbits of information from backers posting web interviews and the like.  wouldn't a business want to keep its customers informed on an upcoming product?  especially if pre-orders are involved?  i appreciate those links by other backers on here but an intern or volunteer with some basic knowledge being told by the higher ups could tell us what's going on moving forward.  long live pono!
thanks @eduard!
@jussi : i do not think they will put updates here anymore, their website should be up in june so i expect that will be the place. watch this if you can not wait that long : http://forums.stevehoffman.tv/threads/neil-young-readies-pono-music-service-for-expansion-part-3.347647/page-13#post-10473939   enjoy!
in fact, come to think of it, it's been over a month since we've heard even a peep out of the creators... what's going on here? the very last words they posted on kickstarter were "we are in the process of shifting all backer engagement to this email address ... within the next 48 hours, all questions and comments should move to support@ponomusic.com." does that mean that they intend to maintain no presence whatsoever with updates or comments here on ks?
@ian k i want a pair of those awesome "horns"
hi everyone! t-shirts ship in june! an update would be great, @creator has been so quite!
june 1.....ponomusic.com pre-orders of pono players start.......12 days
over one month passed already since the project was funded — just five months to go until first units should ship! time certainly does fly... i wonder how the pono team is doing?
@siltech    think you may want a pair of these... http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-27483035
tom petty's new album hypnotic eye is being released in hi_res blu ray and pink floyd have just announced a 20th anniversary version of the division bell, which will include a very expensive box set with a hi-res version of the album
thanks for  everyone's advice. sometimes, when someone's thinks there upgrading, turns out they've actually downgraded.  thanks all
@siltech: which mcintosh are you looking at? either way, make sure you try and compare properly before committing, mcintosh gear is awesome, but that doesn't neccesarily mean it's sound will give you the most satisfaction - it is not for everyone. pass labs i have no real experience with so can't help you there.
@siltec, @gary and @ian less than two days of listening (not continuous but a lot of the time) will not let my subconscious hear what my brain is trying to tell me not to, and vice-versa. after that i can't fool myself anymore and i start hearing what's there (as opposed to what i want/am supposed to hear. it can take months 'til i stop hearing new nuances. imho not less than 2 weeks, for the step you are planning siltec.
@siltech  at that end of the hifi spectrum, i'd want to listen for a good while, with no pressure, in the home environment. for several days. until the early impressions have given way to what it feels like to live with the new kit. if new, obviously will need to be burned/run in. i'd also want some recommendations about cables to use with it and a dealer who can advise on likely compatibility with front and back end components you already have. how will it work with the sfs? a dem in a demo room wouldn't hack it for me. different acoustics, front and back ends, cables, blah blah blah. but i reckon you already know all of that.
@gary thanks for your advice, i appreciate it.
check out gandalph murphy and the slambovian circus of dreams doing 'talkin' to the buddha'.    i saw these folks at the very intimate roots on the river festival in bellows falls, vermont a few years ago and had a chance to talk with them on the sunday.   amazing!   they seem to stick pretty close to the eastern seaboard with their shows; go see them if you get any chance at all, or if you can't, pick up their 'flapjacks from the sky' dvd.   the reviews call it "21 slices of jaw-dropping bliss" but it's better than that. http://youtu.be/rjegx68chk4
siltech, when i read your post, i immediately wanted to advise you to purchase a nelson pass product. then i thought about it and while i have no experience with either, decided that you really should find a dealer or dealers who will allow you to carry home demonstrator amplifiers. critically listen to familiar music and intended music types, take notes and thoroughly enjoy your experiences. then make your choice.
i'm upgrading my 2 channel home amp. its between mcintosh and the new .8 series pass labs. i would love anyone's experience, and or suggestions. macintosh is class ab, and pass labs class a. thanks and long live pono!!!
after enjoying them live countless times, pat metheney group never stops moving me. starring lyle mays in a breathtaking piece (as of 2"55) in http://youtu.be/hwez3rmcgvc love music, love pono!
just finished neil young's book; "waging heavy peace - a hippy dream" isbn: 978-0-399-15946-6 / neil's dad was a writer... tapping it out in the attic everyday! the read - for me - tells it like the guy is sitting next to you in the woods - letting me know everything is ok in this dream / got to know him better /  thanks neil ;)
@ian k, yea the blocking is a bi#%h ! i use this more & more now opps "i shouldn't of said that ... " http://wiki.hidemyass.com/vpn
@ea - can't watch it here - is blocked - but have paris texas on remastered vinyl and cd. includes dark was the night as i recall...
@ian k,  great links ;) you might like this one ... https://m.youtube.com/watch… long live pono !!!
@eduard,  thanks so much for your clarification and sharing great link. i understand how they organize and develop everything that makes this vision/dream come true. thanks!
@ea bug lots of links on the blind willie johnson ks page... https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/blindwilliejohnson/help-produce-the-songs-of-blind-willie-johnson this is one of them... https://www.youtube.com/watch… and this, of course that went on the voyager spacecraft 'golden record'... https://www.youtube.com/watch…
the new ben harper record is called " childhood home ". it was recorded with his mom ellen. it sounds so laid back, and excellent. i love the last track.  long live pono.
@ian k, have a cigar :) http://www.smokinmandolins.com https://m.youtube.com/watch… https://m.youtube.com/watch… https://m.youtube.com/watch… https://m.youtube.com/watch… https://m.youtube.com/watch… & ... https://m.youtube.com/watch… oh ya! got a blind willy johnson link ?
@ea bug    that's a shame. about the cigar box mandolins. i did not read it properly, just looked at the front page stuff. the blind willie johnson instruments look and sound wonderful. but for c. $5k i guess they should do.  :o)
@richheart, yes ... i am working on my first album - highrezzzz - ups just sent back my 1973 martin d35 from - neck-reset - ty of guitarworks is the freaking "yoda" of repair - simply amazing craftsmanship from him http://www.merchantcircle.com/business/the.guitar.works.808-487-2120 victoria amplifiers is build my 5112 now to match up the d35 with the anthem tru-technology audio pickup from the d35 http://www.victoriaamp.com/amplifiers-2/ so... yea - and soon too ! it's been a long budha road - time to mingle :)
ian k, just to prove the spoof - i backed it !!! - see it's all gone !!! no more backers !!! impossible to meet the goal :)
@ian k, he got cha !!! he got me too so no worries - the pledge amount is $1000 canadian - the only offering is listed [1] thats one available at $200 canadian - his read about cigars / mandolins is some kinda code - not sure what a cigar and a mandolin have in common ... or ... @peace
more apple speculation.  don't mind if it provides more sources of high res music at the end of the day. http://www.whathifi.com/news/apple-plans-high-res-audio-for-ios-8-devices…
@ea bug.... check out the video of the cigar box guitars being played. they sound stunning. without them a lot of the blues music we know would never have happened.
@ea bug   i am a backer of the blind willie johnson ks project. some of the options were some very beautiful cigar box guitars. i really wanted one, but they were too expensive for me. settled for the vinyl albums and a plectrum made from floorboard from blind willie's house... https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/blindwilliejohnson/help-produce-the-songs-of-blind-willie-johnson
@mizoho : if you watch the presentation you will see why, they only have a staff of five and are hopefully all working to get everything (website, ui etc) including of course the pono itself, ready. in the video, john hamm says the store will be online (to order pono's) by june. http://forums.stevehoffman.tv/threads/neil-young-readies-pono-music-service-for-expansion-part-3.347647/page-13#post-10473939
it has been a month since project was funded! i hope pono team would give us status update. :->
@ea bug more chance of a bug coming out of the box than music? maybe it should be named after you? :)
who says canadians don't have a sense of humor anyway... https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/59494048/cigar-box-mandolin long live pono !!!
the footage is up on nbc.com, too. very nice.
just watching that with my breakfast. spot on.  http://rol.st/1jbn8cf via @rollingstone
@robert i saw neil last night, and wasn't it cool.
yes, i saw (and recorded) neil performing "crazy" by willie nelson last night on jimmy fallon. the performance was killer! neil is the best!
fuhget apple!!! those punks can go...
@john hamm says that the ponomusic site will be ready for pre-orders by june 1. that's not very long from now. i'm still holding my breath.........but i can still type.
did anyone see neil young on "tonight with jimmy fallon" he was back in jack whites phono booth
@paul it won't happen
@paul - we have been over this already. :) it probably will have a positive affect if anything since it will help raise awareness. hd does not equal high quality, if the source is crappy hd will not improve it. if apple can deliver as good a quality as what the pono store is offering then we will see what impact that has but neil will still win since the art form will still be rescued.  lastly, i would be very surprised if apple released an ipod that could compete with the pono device on quality (for a ton of reasons already discussed here).
@surreal - thanks for the john hamm link...the video was very informative. one thing i noticed was that they are considering bumping the storage up to 200gb. not trying to start anything here but that would be an awesome tweak. :)
@dana : as surreal posted before, watch this, it will making the waiting even more valuable : http://forums.stevehoffman.tv/threads/neil-young-readies-pono-music-service-for-expansion-part-3.347647/page-13#post-10473939
how do you guys feel about the possibility that apple might announce in a couple weeks at wwdc, the support for hd audio music on ios 8 supported devices (and possibly a partnership with beats/universal the latter if i'm not mistaken a partner of pono) do you think that would render the pono obsolete? what would be pono's advantage?
@dana i think you are right to think that a little  bit of communication from pono would not hurt. i am very excited about the whole project and any snippet of news would be welcome here as well.
frankly, i will be very (and pleasantly) surprised if we get these by october.  when i first invested i assumed the device was designed and prototyped but when they answered the question about specs, saying they couldn't provide them in part because they hadn't settled on a design, that put them in the same category as every other kickstarter project.  they are doing something that is new and different and there are bound to be snags along the way.  my guess is we'll have our hands on them early next year.  i'm willing to wait.
sorry forgot to tell you to scroll down for the video link once you click on the link i just posted.
full axpona pono presentation video with ceo john hamm.  http://forums.stevehoffman.tv/threads/neil-young-readies-pono-music-service-for-expansion-part-3.347647/page-13#post-10473939
would be nice to get more updates, but i understand pono is busy. this is a much more compliated project vs normal kickstarters. they are designing hardware and an easy to use music download website. they also have to shore up all the deals with the music people. trying to change the course of music listening and distribution can't be easy. go pono.
i think if we were involved in the process it would help to pass the time. well, i guess i'll just hold my breath now until october.........peace out
thank you @lisa......it's just that if i were on the other side of this (working for ponomusic) i would want to keep all these nice people (and the 10 or 12 people that they actually do seem to communicate with) informed.
hi everybody! good to see everyone still here! @dana gibson thanx f/ the tip on a letter home! @alexander i believe it is ok to wonder how things are going and expect updates. @creator was very communicative before i spent $'s! @o'boogie thanx f/ tip on senns! the ak120 is awesome!
@dana gibson: try focussing on something else until october, instead of constantly checking kickstarter and commenting every other day about how you would like them to be more communicative. as it looks, they have chosen other priorities than keeping you informed about their progress all the time. and i don't think that's what we paid for anyway. if october comes and you dont get your pono, then you will have something to complain about. until then, there are more useful and enjoyable things to do then complain about the lack of updates and to speculate about whether delivery will be timely or not.
gregg allman - all my friends on blu-ray is very good. dolby truehd recorded at the fox in atlanta. several songs will go on the pono.
@creator, is a pono player on this bus ?https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/furthur50/furthur-bus-50th-anniversary-trip… &... http://key-z.com/special.html yikes!!!
http://www.computeraudiophile.com/content/580-audio-salon-pono-event-wrap/
@gary just because other projects run late doesn't mean one can't expect ponomusic to follow through on their statements (i'm purposely not using the word "promises"). i don't expect the product timeline to be missed by much (it may even run early). however, the communication skills have to come under some scrutiny. if you want to see a real mess of a project look at agent watch. they are having incredibly overrun schedules. they do communicate once in a while though. again....i don't expect that to happen with pono. i think everyone would appreciate some communication with the 18,220 backers who have raised 6,225,354 dollars to help with the process of getting pono to market.
@tyson a supina everyone has there own taste in sound.  therefore you'll have to try your headphones when you get a chance to listen to the pono player and decide for yourself if you want to stay with your current headphones or compare how some other headphones sound and decide what to do from there.  just because that's what john may use doesn't mean you have to.  use what you want as long as you find them compatible.  it's like the beats headphones i'm sure people are using them for different reasons some think they are fashionable, some may think they sound good, some just are a fan of dr. dre, some got them as a gift and use them because they were free.  these people choose them for different reasons.  no one has said you have to use a specific pair of headphones for the pono player although once the specs are made available and people have started making headphone comparisons with it then you may find more recommendations for some and less for others.  in other words you'll just have to wait and see.
ah, what to say...i believe in this company and have no undue expectations. i'll be happiest to take delivery of my pono player 'gifts' in october, even if that does not take place until the 31st. the ponomusic team is comprised of experienced people whom i trust to deliver, though kickstarter is not a store and must never be considered as such. i've poked around and found that the majority (over 80%) of the best-funded kickstarter projects have shipped late, according to articles from late 2012. as far as i am concerned, not to have updates means that the team are all busy bringing elements of pono music together. no news is good news. i expect that pre-production player reviews will pop up in my face between now and when pono players ship. i expect also that the pono music website will eventually change, also signaling work in progress. as far as concerns about headphone output and sound: within reason, whatever we listen through now shall reveal the pono player to simply be a better source than most sources many of us have been accustomed to. i doubt that anyone needs more colored sound of particular headphones paired up with the pono--perhaps hd650 happens to be what john hamm owns. if i had pockets deep enough to select headphones based upon the variety of music genres i listen to, i'd probably already be listening to several present-day digital audio players as well.
@surreal the interview from tech crunch that you posted showed jon hamm using sennheiser hd650 headphones to demonstrate the sound quality of the pono player. he said you don't need expensive headphones to hear the difference and i believe that, but those cans will put you out $500. i own hd 600's and was hoping i wouldn't need the more colored sound that the 650's offer. maybe it's just a matter of preference and genre of music you're listening to.
just be patient, people. they are busy making our damn players the best they could possibly be. john hamm said that pre-orders will be available june 1st, i'm guessing the website thanks will be up by then too.
like i've said before.....if the generic thank you  from neil is what is meant by thanks on the website....then it was indeed there in april as stated on the pledge reward descriptions........they also state that sneak peek updates would be forthcoming.....with a june estimated delivery......and the signed posters are also estimated for june delivery....all the ass's just say: plus website thanks without mentioning sneak peek updates........as @surreal says, it appears the production of the players is on schedule based on statements.....it doesn't seem right that other places tell of some of these things and there are no updates here on ks or twitter or fb
maybe pono should hire @surreal:).
@surreal, thanks for that!
@wc, i am sure they have been overwhelmed with # of backers! etc. would be nice to have a tidbit trickle of news though as we are all eager, wondering, and excited!!!
@clark pinkus it was stated here http://www.computeraudiophile.com/content/579-come-hear-pono-and-talk-computer-audio-audio-salon/comments1.html… that the initial batch of players looks to be on schedule for delivery some time in october. it was also stated by john hamm here(watch the video in the first post on the page) http://forums.stevehoffman.tv/threads/neil-young-readies-pono-music-service-for-expansion-part-3.347647/page-12#post-10413849 that on the first of june you would be able to pre-order a player. some thanks has been given by neil young at www.ponomusic.com as for the other thanks you might be referring to if you chose to pledge for it that was said to be stated on the website at some point.  probably not until it goes live.  no word on available music yet but they are working on that.
@clark, the pono team have been missing in action for awhile.  hopefully they are working on hiring a better pr team. :)
any info on post campaign thanks/product timing/available music/etc. ? just wondering without panic! anxious.
@rick gregory i think they should use this software: http://www.discourse.org/ what do you think ?
...regrading ponomusic's web-ste,  does anyone know yet if they are also going to include an interactive "user" forum,..., ?  -i mean, that would be the frieindly/intelligent thing to do, right? :)
@brian milligan,  a much more in-depth and accurate review is here: http://www.youtube.com/watch…   (parts 1 of 3).   he's seemed very honest and critical of the (electro)-mechanical quality, things like the thumb-wheel falling off, ..., some things are great some are "meh"?  anyway, for me it was a tough desicion going with ponoplayer, instead of x5, still,  x5 is a great dap, for that price range.
he sounds very relax & in the end wants the best for ponomusic to happen, can't be mad at him!
i think the ad/commercial before he started speaking for poo pourri was far more informative.
one more hit off of that pipe he was holding and there's no telling what he would've said.
@eduard, his approach is somewhat odd to say the least!
@brian : i watched this guy "review" the pono. is this serious?! mp3 player!
this is the review of the fiio x5 with the close-up of the sheets! http://www.youtube.com/watch…
building my little pono player / speculation: burn-in ? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/burn-in cain't wait :)
i found some of the pono "reviews" and previews very funny given that no reviewer had reviewed it.  some of those dudes are going to feel really foolish!  the attached made me laugh out loud because of the production values (lack of) and comparisons with his reviews of other daps.  the guy critiques aspects of the pono and makes no mention of the same features of other players.  do you think we should club together and buy him some new sheets for his bed? http://www.youtube.com/watch… what is it with the negativity towards triangles?  if there was a time machine, the pyramids would be thin rectangles!
the box set for a letter home actually comes out at the end of this month (may). also, thanks for the heads-up on neil and jack white being on the tonight show. i usually record to dvd all the good late night talk show musical acts.
record (vinyl) stores received fresh copies of a letter home back on april 29th. i had checked with better days records in louisville the week before to see if they would be getting any. they got some in, and i picked up my reserved copy right after work. i'm glad i went ahead and got one now, instead of getting the deluxe box set next month. (i've been spending too much money on music these days, so i won't be getting the more expensive version.)
@ dana - agree, communication and updates has been poor since this project was funded.
@wc thanks for the info.
the monday, may 12th installment of the tonight show could be the late-night event of 2014. jimmy fallon and company will welcome two musical icons, neil young and jack white, along with comedy titan louis c.k. the show's twitter account confirmed the lineup friday afternoon, conjuring memories of fallon's incredible young impersonations over the years. the 12 most canadian things about neil young consequence of sound reports that young and white will do a q&a segment together to promote young's new third man records lp, a letter home, and that young will perform. (it's safe to say everyone's hoping white – and possibly even fallon – will join in for an epic supergroup jam.) the may 12th episode airs at 11:35 p.m. est on nbc. for a trip down memory lane, revisit fallon's gut-busting, young-styled rendition of the fresh prince of bel-air theme song. in a statement on the third man website, a letter home was described as "an unheard collection of rediscovered songs from the past recorded on ancient electro-mechanical technology (that) captures and unleashes the essence of something that could have been gone forever." the extent to which white was involved in the project remains unclear. meanwhile, white has created a wacky, inventive "ultra" vinyl version of his upcoming studio album, lazaretto, which will feature a pair of hidden tracks pressed underneath the center label of both sides. the lp is due out june 10th on columbia and third man records. read more: http://www.rollingstone.com/music/news/neil-young-and-jack-white-booked-for-joint-tonight-show-appearance-20140509#ixzz31jgqecj1 follow us: @rollingstone on twitter | rollingstone on facebook
neil young & jack white are going to be on the tonight show on nbc starring jimmy fallon coming this monday @ 11:35 p.m. pacific time.
i sure would have liked to know about the event in l.a.. i might have driven up from sd for it. communication on here, fb and twitter have all seemed to all but ceased. back to where we were before the ks project.
i'd like to see an update with progress report on pono player, thanks on website (is the thanks from neil it?) and if the signed posters are ready to be shipped. no, i'm not complaining...... would like to see one of those "sneak peek"  product updates as per founders club description (or do just the founders club pledgers get the updates?).
@kinch. interesting. i need to check, but i think it has been reviewed by the uk hifi press and got a major thumbs down. will check it out when i get back to blighty on sunday night...
http://www.head-fi.org/products/ibasso-dx90-high-resolution-dual-sabre-es9018k2m-dacs-with-prostudio-coaxial-connection-kit/reviews/10975 forgot the link
while we await our ponos, here's a review of the ibasso dx90 which has a pair of sabre es9018k2m dacs on board. at this stage i'm still not sure (i didn't spot it if it was announced) whether the ponoplayer will have a full es9018 or an es9018k2m. as you will see amongst other things, the dacs in the ibasso are getting the thumbs up in all aspects of sound reproduction. i'm looking forward to hearing my pono, and also to seeing/hearing the ponomusic.com music content as soon as it goes on line.
@peterrustin what was talked about during the q&a?
@christmachine. apple will be looking for a global domination position so will be after brand for their key segments. beats, horrid as i think they are, will fit this bill. i imagine there will be a lot more acquisitions to fill this out. $3.2b is petty cash for apple... iphone 6 launch may be interesting. can't imagine they will launch a separate dap?
guys, i attended this : http://www.computeraudiophile.com/content/579-come-hear-pono-and-talk-computer-audio-audio-salon/ it was amazing. john was gregarious and brilliant. the pono sounded so killer i heard neil young and elton john.
@ian...you're spot on. 3.2b wtf. wow!
not sure this will do them too much good. but expect a lot more of the same in the next couple of months http://www.bbc.com/news/business-27336863
excellent news @peterruskin! i was hoping to hear some real user experience, how did you get that chance? also, since i expect all of you guys here are music lovers, i'd like to share my band's first work. hope you all like it, tell me what you guys think! borajbanda.bandcamp.com. cheers! https://www.facebook.com/borajbanda…
here is a link to sony's hires music page. they are partnering with a number of music providers. http://discover.store.sony.com/high-resolution-audio/
@peterrustin where was this that you got to listen to pono and how did you get an invitation? is this happening again soon?
@ian, i did not try any other players, or speak with anyone who has.  frankly, from what i have seen, the pono will have the best ui, form factor and overall user experience.
@kinch. interesting. i have given up on itunes as it is not good in quite a few areas. apart from the lack of support for flac and patchy support for hi res (mainly limited by the daps it supports), it loses meta data all the time or tags the wrong meta data to different tracks. shame really, apple had it very right in the beginning, but by keeping everything closed in an increasingly open world, they now run the risk of losing dominance. but they ain't stupid and might make some dramatic moves. i could think of some but will keep quiet here on that front.
ian i was also on holiday in a beautiful location for the past fortnight:-) good times! i had the opportunity to listen to my ibasso dx90 many times during the trip. one of my friends, who listens to a lot of music via ipods of one sort or another, listened to a few songs from various genres on the dx90 and said "the music is much more layered than i would hear through my ipod". that said, she is not rushing out to buy a hires dap. the simplicity and general usability experience of the itunes system makes it, for her - a prolific listener, the portable system of choice.
@peter - add my thanks to the report. did you have any chance to listen to pono and compare with other hi res players? or talk with anyone who has? have been quiet on here for the past week. am on holiday in a beautiful location, consider myself very lucky. have been wondering what the 'measurements are all, you can't prove that hi res is worth it/is any different/is all a hoax' lot will say when they actually listen to it themselves with an open mind, over a long period, rather than spout reports and controlled listening tests. the more i think about it the more i feel that we do not know how we hear and interpret music as a complete being, not just a body that carries a pair of ears around.
@peter...thanks i forgot to ask you about it, but you covered it. i was wondering about the gui. thanks again. cm
@peter you are a pioneer for the cause. thank you. i have a friend whom i accompany to wine-tastings who says: "the wine always tastes better at the tasting than at home."  maybe his glasses are dirty? (haha) or, maybe he is suggestible.  after a week, when i can't bear listening to music on the nexus 5 anymore, i'll be truly pono'd :)
also--it's smaller and more portable than you think. it really will fit in a pocket.
@peter, that's awesome, thanks for letting us know. i wanted to go to that listening event earlier today, and even rsvp'd but i am just too sick today! so i couldn't go. but i'm glad it met your expectations and i know it will meet mine too.
cm thanks. i'll check it out. the pono really was extraordinary.  john said it will sound better and will have a different ui. it's in the works now. also: october date will be met he said. when i told him i was in on a ny le he asked me not to sell it on ebay. as if !!
@peter...awesome news!...thank you & good work. i think you guys and gals will like this it has neil young written all over it. i just finished it. wulf wolodia grajonca…why i and anyone who enjoys music in any form, has unkowingly been influenced by him…bill graham presents! [essential reading post #3 well #4] enjoy and thanks for the support... http://www.christmachine.com/
kids--i got to attend an event this evening where i listened to an actual pono player. i met jon hamm, the ceo. he's an amazing presence, and there was an excellent q and a session. i will say this: i thought that the pono was going to be an improvement. i was wrong. it's a huge, fucking improvement. although a primitive test, i plugged my iphone in to my headphones, and vice versa with the pono on the same neil young song. the difference was stunning. we are all in for a treat.
cool album!
that's a crazy album man.
@christmachine this made me happy: - absolutely zero compression used during recording, mixing and mastering acknowledging that is even more important than hi-res audio in my opinion. it's great to see musicians standing up against the compressed underachieving sound quality that we've been getting the past few decades. i hope more will catch on and make a real shift in this aspect. only then will hi-res music really be of extra value. the rest of the vinyl trickery is cool though maybe slightly gimmicky, but that doesn't have to be a bad thing. vinyl is cool, i love playing records alongside digital. and well-done vinyl transfers sound great :)
check out the crazy specs/features on this piece of vinyl...wow http://n.pr/1mztt8t
maybe pono should update dac for now and future 352/24 bit downloads?
regarding the 352/24 format, i noticed that in the pono intro video when neil was talking about mp3s and cds sounding like they are underwater. 352 was shown but never mentioned
@e.a. bug esq. :) thanks for the reference, my brain hurts ;)
@ e.a.  bug thanks interesting
@bill, looks something like this... i think ? digital extreme definition dxd 352/24  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/digital_extreme_definition
also coooooooooooooool dude
@ e. a. bug i may change my name to e a prune
@siltech, coooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool dude :)
352/24, never seen this before, three albums in the new batch at hdtracks. anybody here ever listen to music at this resolution, just curious what your impressions are? http://www.hdtracks.com/new/jan-gunnar-hoff-living http://www.hdtracks.com/new/hommage-a-grieg http://www.hdtracks.com/new/ja-vi-elsker-165143
@e. a. bug i gave peter info 16 minutes ago. he already did it. i just switched from capacitor, back to siltech.
@peter, log in - account - profile - add picture - upload from your images - change into a bug :)
peter you can edit your name and picture anytime.
peter cool
yup!!
ok, i hope it worked...
log on kickstarter, and edit your profile.
btw, how do you change your profile pic here?
i got a neil young. i am expecting harvest (too bad i have the dvd-a) and, just to be contrarian, freedom. i would love hawks/doves!!
@wc, no no no more strap-on ipoo, ipod, ipoo-phone, ipooos 4 this dog :) long live pono !!! http://media4.onsugar.com/files/ons1/192/1922243/36_2009/117f614f4009bec9_pootrapopener/i/pootrap-spoiled-sweet-spoiled-rotten.jpg
we're not gonna take it!  noooo we ain't gonna take it!  we're not going to take apple's crap anymooooore!
i got the twisted sister limited edition.  i hope, stay hungry and under the blade will be on there.
as i chose the clear i do not have a choice.  i can only hope that there is no frankie yankovich on it.
i got the tom petty le. i am hoping that it contains the soon to be re-released wildflowers, with the new tracks. hoping it is not mojo and damn the torpedoes, only because they have already been released in hi-res
i got the my morning jacket pono player. they only have 6 studio albums (the new one is due out this fall). i'm hoping for it still moves and the new studio album that may be out just in time for the october delivery date. if they decide to put out one of their live albums, i hope it is okonokos. it was recorded in 2005 and was made into a full-length concert dvd. http://youtu.be/ox12rrp56qg
so... what do people think the two artist-selected albums on the pono players will be? i'm getting the neil/crazy horse player, so imagine one will be everybody knows this is nowhere. but the other... could be one of many. rust never sleeps, maybe. weld would be cool, too.
@richheart, headphone quest :d http://www.head-fi.org/t/634201/battle-of-the-flagships-58-headphones-compared-update-audeze-lcd-2-revision-2-6-4-13#user_q010mdr1
@ jonathan gorman here is a link to a study that clearly indicates that while we may not "hear" in the ultrasonic range our brains clearly react to it. further, it shows that the presence of ultrasonic ranges enhances the listeners experience of the sonic range.  http://jn.physiology.org/content/83/6/3548.full i found this from a previous post here and can't remember who to give credit to.
hey jim, it is quite hard going but mr mallinson does seem to know his stuff, worth the effort dude!
ok so i just received the martin logan headphones yesterday. audio can turn me super ocd :) don't ask..... headphone placement/positioning, balance. the more i listen to music, the more i realise: listening to the music is the key.  once i stop listening to the equipment, i start to hear and enjoy the music. yeah, i enjoy hi-res more than 128kb/s mp3s but once i'm listening to the music my brain filters out the annoyances and lets me hear the best it can.  my parents had a record-player that went from 16 to 78 rpm. how i abused that. my cars next to the spindle. i don't remember if i managed to poke anything through the speaker cover on the front but it wasn't for want of trying. ost's of mary poppins and the sound of music as well as connie francis and some french childrens songs. i was enthralled for hours and.. that, my friends, is the whole point :)
@jim,  capacitor, yep ! ! ! frank zappa's name has been bestowed on jellyfish, spiders and an asteroid -- and now, an acne-causing bug !!! http://thechart.blogs.cnn.com/2014/02/18/zit-causing-bug-bears-frank-zappas-name/ long live frank zappa !!!
hey brian.    i finally found time to sit down and pay attention to mallinson's 1 hour lecture.  amazing!   thank you!   i felt like i was sitting in some university 2d or 3d year physics class (i took african studies) with the coolest prof imaginable.  i felt tho' that if i were to sit down to a chat with the guy over coffee, i'd have to take a couple of years of studies beforehand just to get up to speed.
@e. a. bug cool
did frank zappa get eaten by a bug?
can't wait :)
@skywritters those pants are cool!  they would be great for the gym or bicycle riding or deep sea fishing...just don't fall in or you would be the lure, lol!  or if you are a rockstar hanging around the estate listening to your pono player ;)
@brian - thanks!
@rick, dbpoweramp or freemake audio converter (free).
looking for recommendations for best .wav to flac converters.. thanks!
i have a pair of beyer dynamic t-90 headphones.  if i use these with my ipod, they are just loud enough without having to use an amp.  my question is:  is the pono player going to be able to power my pair of headphones or is it going to be just like my ipod where it is suggested to use a headphone amp?
for cd ripping what are you guys using to clean the cd? soap & water or some special fluid. ripping my cds will make the time pass quicker while waiting for my pono player. thanks
everyday we get closer & closer to the october launch ...  ;) long live pono !!! http://coolmaterial.com/tech/pono-music-introduces-righteous-hi-res-music-system/
@jim humphry, yeaaa... $666 money raised on "the game of politics" & then canceled !!! ok... i get it ... slowly backing off of the teetering ego ;{}
@jim...thank you again for the article. i just returned your email...sorry it took a while. @all hope you all had a great weekend...summer is coming, yesss! :))) @o'boogie glad to see you back after a short hiatus. bless bless!
@o'boogie @jim i get it now. thanks
careful  joe.  and.  capacitor.    our mr gorman self identifies in one of his 'contributions' to another kickstarter campaign that was ultimately withdrawn as '...an endowment life member of the nra...'.  who breakfasts regularly with his republican congressman.   what i was getting at when i referred to his '... fairly rigid way of thinking...'.   the best way to stifle that slow is to not engage.
wc, you are hilarious. we really should ignore the idiot trolls. they will eventually go away and tuck their tiny johnsons between their legs and dance around in front of their mirrors. hahahaha.
@jonathan gorman this is not my style, but you taken a couple of shots at me. your a f....g asshole.
@jonathan gorman you are a very close minded and conservative person. you phrase your arguments with the manners of a naive 7 year old by showing off your expensive "toys". plus, you do not bring anything new to the conversation as you cite stuff in a way that clearly shows you are talking through your hat. it's laughable. get out of here.
@creator, can you show/tell us what neil was using in his car to play the pono?  also, when can we see what he crazy horse players look like?
i guess jonathan norman went to feed precious. :)
@jonathan gorman, you're pants are ready ! https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/368701796/disco-ball-dance-pants… ps got 7 pono players & t-shirt / poster - first day :)
@canada, how bout these cans huh? https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/plpl/rock-hard-canadian-maple-headphones
jonathan gorman 1st personality: we sure showed those pono people a thing or two!  jonathan gorman's 2nd personality: yeah we let these stupid mofos know what's up! jonathan gorman's 3rd personality: (mother), norman, you need to pay that bad bad man @capacitor a visit! he does not trust or believe us!  jonathan gorman's 4th personality: but shouldn't we wait until the players come out this october? seems the reasonable thing to do.  jonathan gorman's personalities 1-3: shut up personality 4 and get downstairs to the basement and put back on your full body leather suit! don't say a peep until we come down to get you!  jonathan gorman personality 1: yeah! let's keep trolling this shit!  :::::::::puts on makeup, nipple earrings, poses naked in front of mirror with johnson tucked:::::::::
capacitor you are a poseur pretending to have more in audio equipment than you make in a year. skywriter you add no value to any discussion.  i may say things that many of you don't want to hear, but chances are i came to pono before you and won't be run off by insufferable jerks such as yourself.
@skywriters i 2nd that.
@skywriters i 2nd that.
@jonathan gorman, luigi knows you are a tool - as well as this entire forum - harsh ? naaa arsh-hole ? yeaaaaa now go back downstairs to the basement until one of your personalities calls you - sit ! stay ! good dog ... now stay !!! https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/luigi_russolo
dan i hope that i added something.  i know my style is harsh at times, but i've been hardcore into audio for 20 years.   i am a first day, first 100 pono sponsor and i have no worries that the pono will be a very good portable player. i still have major concerns on the output impedance of 5ohms, but that was probably a cost and battery life decision.
the psy clip is a horrible comparator.  it has a dynamic ratio of 4.  hearing the difference should be hard. 8 to 16 with strings or wind instruments and a dr 14 would be a better test.
@gary i don't think using gagnam style for testing is a great idea...
@gary i have a hard time making sense of the noise i hear... honestly...
joe, i achieved 7 out of 10 in the 16-bit v/s 8-bit blind listening test. i have no idea what the comment about "possibly can't make any difference," means, but want to believe i'm better than blind chance. maybe i cheated, though; i listened only to when the guy said "whoap, whoap." if it sounded clear, i chose 16-bit. if it sounded like the guy had phlegm in his throat, i chose 8-bit. old sony mdr-v2 headphones jacked straight into an ipad. what an awful car-crash of thumping noise...
i used to think i knew a thing or two about audio but since i have been a part of this project i have learned so much more. there has been some really amazing information posted here regarding how we hear and perceive sound that my prior beliefs were significantly challenged. for that i am grateful
@john yup
...meanwhile...here is a link to some really good recordings of the chris robinson brotherhood (chris robinson is the lead singer of the black crowes) that were recorded and mastered by famed grateful dead taper, betty cantor-jackson in december of 2012. this is from nugs.net presents livedownloads - "order all 5 nights from san francisco, ca - recorded and mastered by betty cantor-jackson". http://www.livedownloads.com/packages/2,374/chris-robinson-brotherhood%20-the-complete-bettys-blends-san-francisco-2012.html
@john, i agree too.
i  agree john
i  agree john
i know it was "a lot of fun" for those who doubted the claims made by neil and the rest of the pono team to try and make "all of us" who were "in the game" feel like fools for believing and buying/pledging, but...really...go away from here! now that the pledge campaign is over and we are patiently waiting for our new "toys", we don't need any "dicks"  trying to "rain on our parade". if you haven't purchased/pledged for an actual pono music player, take a hike!!! your time on here has come and gone. if you have purchased/pledged for a pono music player and are a little worried that you have made a mistake...i'm sure you can sell it as soon as you have gotten the actual product in your hands. this place (at this point in the pledge campaign) should be for those who have genuine pono user questions...what kind of headphones?...where can i get hd recordings right now?...what kind of stereo equipment do you suggest?...what kind of software do you use to convert music files/cd's?...you know, useful information...and maybe some links to bands, recordings, and stereo equipment you like...not taunting, snide, elitist comments...that is all...
@brian miligan lol, let's not exaggerate, but the akg k701 i own has a range of 10hz to 39~40khz, which gives purpose to 96khz files (48khz range). 192khz would make more sense with a set of speakers with super tweeters.
joe, getting headphones for bats might be tricky!  yikes, i opened up the possibility of yet another headphone debate.
jonathan, where did i say, "if you want to insist that people can hear the difference in high resolution". please don't misquote me, i thought we were debating perception, not the ability to read.
@brian miligan you got it. we may not be bats but... @jonathan gorman the ones i posted.
brian please send me a single a/b/x study that shows that people can tell the difference in higher resolution.  just one. there is much we don't know about the brain, but if you want to insist that people can hear the difference in high resolution, show a study.  because this has been debated to death for years and nobody has shown any peer reviewed proof that humans can tell.
guys, the picture i posted earlier shows that it affects the part of the brain that processes visual information.
jonathan, i appreciate that you may have gone from the front foot to the back foot but if human brains react to sound, is that not perception?  or is there something about brains and perception that i have missed?
brian it is possible that a neuron flashes or something, but if we cannot perceive it, it isn't relevant. http://mixonline.com/recording/mixing/audio_emperors_new_sampling/
@jonathan "i think it's possible that our brain picks up sonics our ear doesn't pick up." it's not clear how our brains pick up those sonics but the evidence of pick up is clear. glad you award-winning brother liked the pono player.
@jonathan gorman cool.
@jonathan gorman maybe i should switch to 8 bit.
joe let's find some common ground.  i think it's possible that our brain picks up sonics our ear doesn't pick up.   the science is inconclusive but it may be less so in the future. however i have seen no evidence based on a/b testing that we humans can tell the difference and at best we do no better than a coin flip. my brother heard the pono player yesterday in la.   he liked it a lot and is possibly producing a very limited edition music set on pono for a label he works with.  he's a grammy winning designer and got some good technical appreciation of the current prototype.
funny, i can't tell the difference between these http://www.audiocheck.net/blindtests_16vs8bit.php
@jonathan gorman to me, this is proof : http://jn.physiology.org/content/jn/83/6/3548/f2.large.jpg… .
@jonathan gorman with high school chemistry and physics you can easily tell why the cables make no sense. that is a very bad comparison.
joe you think that we can process sounds we cannot hear and i don't because there is no proof yet. it's like the $1,000 cables they try to sell audiophiles with more money than sense.
@dana gibson when i saw you using it, made me laugh big time. thanks, and i'll use it again, if needed.
@capacitor interesting to see you pick up my "eat a bug". i've been using that since the sixties as a fairly innocuous sounding but sincerely meant epithet.
@jonathan gorman it's like talking to a wall.
it puts the pono in the basket...
men, right now i'm still reading comments from ten hours ago. i'll be taking a long walk outdoors soon to clear out calories and cobwebs. capacitor and joe, thank you both for comments. my learning curve is oh, so casual, but determination will get me jiggy with today's audio reproduction methods and how to achieve better than ever sound on my particular budget. i believe that typical a-b comparisons are improper. i hope to get a tiny usb dac in time to put a couple of months listening into it. then when the pono shows up, i'll at least be familiar with what i'll compare it to. even then, we'll probably need to play the things for some time to age the capacitors. to me, only long periods of dedicated listening can generate a baseline of familiarity with how equipment sounds--that may be because i'm older and never had exemplary hearing. i'm not pushing agendas here, but i have come across media that has said that of the two, bit depth is easier to discern than sample rate. and because many musical instruments produce ultrasonics, high sample rate is needed for high-fidelity capture, whether we ultimately hear or feel it. for the sake of future audio reproduction technology, i expect the most detailed recording methods that technology offers is the best way to go. but who am i? labels and studios call the shots, based on profits. c'mon, lottery! daddy needs a spankin' futuristic mastering studio! infinite-range 3-d audio/video encoded holographically into a crystal matrix! perfect realism forever...
joe you pulled a paper that postulated that it is possible that brain activity might pick up sounds our ears cannot process, but it is inconclusive.  they didn't prove anything.  it's a hypothesis. and even if they showed brain activity, that doesn't change the fact that nobody has ever been able to replicate a scientific test - double blind - where anyone can detect it. sony has the largest high def catalog of dsd recordings for well over a decade, trust me they'd back a study that shows that someone can tell in a double blind. everyone that has an anecdote about telling the difference didn't do it under controlled conditions.  audio is full of thousand dollar cables and a lot of mumbo jumbo science that only is to fool others (green pens for cds was really popular 20 years ago). in the end, enjoy your music.  if the placebo effect makes you enjoy it more, god bless.
@jim humphry @christmachine i went to reykavick a few years ago, ( was flown over by the lead singer of  a pretty large rock band, had day there, then concert, and same band flew us back). iceland was so cool. unlike anywhere i have ever been, ( with obvious reasons, it isn't as old as elsewhere). only problem we had was getting locals to understand us. this had more to do with our scottish accents than their grasp of english though. thoroughly recommend going, but take plenty of money. a genuine experience of a lifetime. as christmachine had said the geothermal springs are like another planet, awesome. enjoy if you go with your friends.
i'm a neophyte wrt portable digital audio having bought my first record in the 60's (music from big pink - still have it and listen to it) and having never having used an ipod.  i have about 500 good records and about the same number of cds since stepping on that bus in the wave of the convenient future.   with both lp and cd systems in the house in the 90's when my practice got me home most nights at 7pm with my brain going 95 miles an hour in time to eat, get the kids in bed and read to them and clean up the kitchen and kiss the wife good nite, i'd spend an hour or more most nights til mid nite or later in front of the stereo, playing records in the dark.  it kept me sane.    now i'm on the slow ride to dec when my ny&ch will bring a promised close approximation of that fidelity through a set of reasonable cans wherever i want to take them.   between then and now i have a lot to learn about getting music into a form that i can load onto my wee pono and a lot of this stream has helped me to begin to learn this new way.  the last few hours on this site, however has begun to make my head hurt.   mr gorman, i don't know you sir but you seem to have a fairly rigid way of thinking.   in 1492, i'll wager that the accepted wisdom, scientific and religious was to not loan any money to olde chris or his crew before they set off.  but he knew and staked his life and ship on his belief.   do you avail yourself of homeopathic medicine mr. gorman?  those little white pills that when 'scientifically' analyzed are void of any substance, and yet can effect immediate and radical results?   if we bind ourselves to scientific measurements only do we not have to deny (among so much else in this world we inhabit) that thing called love as it applies to a beautiful woman, your children, or music?     if you cannot budge from your rigidity can you at least stay back in portugal while i and, i think, a large number of this community, sail on?   back to my studies.
typose.... note/more autocorrect eh?
@joe   knowledge is very important, i fully agree. but at any moment in time our knowledge is incomplete and in hindsight will be seen to be so. and inaccurate too. it is just the best we can do right now. i really respect people who seek the truth. i am very wary of those who say they have found it. there is always uncertainty. to think that there is certainty in anything means a door is closed. i know what i feel when i hear music. and i know what i feel when i hear it being played on differing systems. trying to correlate that with what the measurements tell us is very difficult. and then trying to find causation that matches the correlation is note difficult still. i am also wary of measurements, because we choose what it is that we measure. which, by definition, is reductionist in its approach. i do not believe that we fully understand how our hearing actually works. we know how the ear works, according to how we measure it. how the ear/brain/emotions/experience all work together is, as far as i can tell, as yet not well understood. i know very clearly that if i furrow my brown and listen really really hard, with all of concentration, that it is sometimes difficult to hear a difference. i also know that when i live with a system for a while my senses will tell me whether i enjoy listening to it or not. whatever the measurements tell me. my senses, not just my ears. ever more has been so. my recent experience with super tweeters is a case in point. according to the 'you can't hear above 20khz' they should not make a difference. but they do. i would rather start from there than a position of 'they can't make a difference, therefore you must be deluding yourself". the person who invented the laser upon which all cd and dvd depends was told that he was mad - all of the science said his idea was crazy and would never work. the world of science knew so. it was wrong and only one man could see that it was wrong.
@jim humphry....no problem brother & yes you should go with him. :o hope you're having a good weekend. cheers
@wc lollllzzzzzzzz! hehe :p
jonathan gorman 1st personality:  we sure showed those pono people a thing or two! jonathan gorman's 2nd personality:  yeah we let these stupid mofos know what's up! jonathan gorman's 3rd personality:  (mother),  norman, you need to pay that bad bad man @capacitor a visit!  he does not trust or believe us! jonathan gorman's 4th personality:  but shouldn't we wait until the players come out this october?  seems the reasonable thing to do. jonathan gorman's personalities 1-3:  shut up personality 4 and get downstairs to the basement and put back on your full body leather suit! don't say a peep until we come down to get you! jonathan gorman personality 1:  yeah!  let's keep trolling this shit! :::::::::puts on makeup, nipple earrings, poses naked in front of mirror with johnson tucked:::::::::
@jonathan gorman, "p"whipped ain't a way to go through this life ! what does that say to you?
@capacitor, i don't think you would want this creepy troll named gorman in your home.   yuck.
@jonathan gorman you said i'm bs. im not bs. it closer to 70, and if you don't believe me, come to toronto and see. i'll connect pono to my home stereo. if its not good enough in my system, i'll use it in my car. i love music. are you using your computer for your total music enjoyment? once again, i don't bs. eat a bug
@jonathan gorman it's not totally inconclusive... didn't you read? real scientists are not has much about facts than they are about theories and new ideas. you're missing the point. for your tests, i don't care, i call bogus. i can always tell the difference, even without knowing the source of a file before i hear it. @jamie mcleod "junior high school physics at that!"
capacitor its a gimmick. but i care about the performance i can hear.  the extra settings weren't something you could delete.
joe what they are saying is that there might be brain activity at frequencies we cannot hear.  but it's inconclusive. and yet when test upon test of audiophiles are asked to a/b high resolution files they have a 49.5% accuracy which was about the same statistically as flipping a coin.
@jonathan gorman you would understand why using the pono with the 60,000 system makes a lot of sense. if only you watched the video while paying attention to it.
capacitor if you have a 60,000 system, why would you use a pono in it?   sorry, i call bs. the dac is the most important part of any digital system, so a 300 portable dac is like microwaving waygu steak.
@jonathan gorman i think you trolled enough today.
@jonathan gorman watch it. understand it.
and what about your video?  it's a sabre dac presentation.   they are selling hardware.   it's a good dac.
there for what, looks or in possible future? cambridge audio has those dacs and there only a gimmick.
@jonathan gorman in conclusion, our findings that showed an increase in alpha-eeg potentials, activation of deep-seated brain structures, a correlation between alpha-eeg and rcbf in the thalamus, and a subjective preference toward frs, give strong evidence supporting the existence of a previously unrecognized response to high-frequency sound beyond the audible range that might be distinct from more usual auditory phenomena. additional support for this hypothesis could come from future noninvasive measurements of the biochemical markers in the brain such as monoamines or opioid peptides. what does that say to you?
@jonathan gorman you're weird dude, it honestly feels like you barely think. like you're a bot or something. or like... you have a "difficulty following a train of thought". o_o ? " and unless you want to write a paper disputing the nyquist–shannon sampling theorem, this is still silence. " what ? did i ? what... i didn't talk about that... what the hell. are you high ?
joe although it is generally accepted that humans cannot perceive sounds in the frequency range above 20 khz, the question of whether the existence of such “inaudible” high-frequency components may affect the acoustic perception of audible sounds remains unanswered. what does that say to you?
capacitor it outputs native, up sampling is irrelevant.  it's kinda there to be there.
@jonathan since the highest resolution is 192/24, does your dac upsample, or is it for bandwidth.
@jonathan gorman what ? man, check out my links, read all of it, 2 or 3 times, and watch the video in it's entirety. seriously, lol! you don’t read, you only skim. stop talking about how much money you sent on your hardware, knowledge means much more to me.
joe from your article. "although it is generally accepted that humans cannot perceive sounds in the frequency range above 20 khz, the question of whether the existence of such “inaudible” high-frequency components may affect the acoustic perception of audible sounds remains unanswered. "
jamie you are separating interconnected information.   sampling at anything greater than 48-96 is pulling a larger audio spectrum than we can hear. try these files out and let me know what you hear.   http://www.audiocheck.net/testtones_highdefinitionaudio.php and unless you want to write a paper disputing the nyquist–shannon sampling theorem, this is still silence. my dac does pcm at 384khz and native dsd at  6.144 mhz, not that i think it matters.
@joe your links are very informative. thanks you
check out my links if you're interested. seriously.
@jonathan gorman earlier you said there's no scientific fact we could here 192/24. now you say we are incapable of hearing 192/24. whether we can or not, if it there, i want it. i agree with you on headphones. in my case, i'm not using headphones. i'll connect via aux in car and mini jack to rca to home krell pre-amp. my stereo at home is over $60k. i just love audio, such as yourself.
junior high school physics at that!
christmachine.     thanks for the thought and time that went into your reply, way above and beyond the call of duty!   makes me want to head out to the airport with my buddy in two weeks and try to fit into the wheel well.  icelandic air started a service out of vancouver months back and he jumped on an early promotion:  $600 cdn. return, all in.
@jonathan gorman,(& @capacitor) "this is a fact. the human ear is incapable of detecting recordings at 192khz. it's 400x what we can hear. it's like wanting a tv that displays in infra-red for the bats you watch tv with." let's just something cleared up here before you take this line of argument any further; when we talk about the audible range of the human ear - 20hz to 20khz - we are talking about the frequency of the physical sound waves. i.e. the physical movement of air that we interpret as sound. when we are talking about 192khz with regard to digital music we are talking about the sampling frequency of the digital file - and it is essentially meaningless without also refering to the sampling depth. both are frequencies and so both use hz as there units of measurement, (as do radio waves!). but, they are completely different things. basic physics.
@joe, no worries ;) pono... until we all get a listen is hovering on a moot discussion here... the team is on the right path - we just don't / can't evaluate any of this until delivery :) so wait-n-see :d - long live pono !
@jonathan gorman " the science just doesn't work to being audibly different. " of course it does work, it's actually physics and neurology. http://jn.physiology.org/content/83/6/3548.full http://www.cco.caltech.edu/~boyk/spectra/spectra.htm it's the >magnetic< field (oh yeah.), you know how bats see with ultra sounds ? well we may be able to hear only sounds from 20hz to 22khz and have eyes to see but that doesn’t mean the ultra sounds can't be processed by our brain as spacial information (therefore changing the way we perceive sound quality). it's just ridiculous that some people, apparently, scientists, conclude that we can't do so, thus ignoring many factors, that's just stupid (human are pretty advanced creatures as far as evolution goes, *roll eyes*). our brain and it's relation with our body is pretty complicated, didn't you know ? http://www.audiostream.com/content/deaf-dumb-and-blind-guardians-silly-anti-pono-science + http://www.youtube.com/watch… http://www.esstech.com/pdf/noise-shaping-sigma-delta.pdf mind homework? watch the whole video listening attentively from start to end. @gary itunes can playback 24/192, but only with aiff, which is a proprietary format created by apple. but it does nothing new and/or better, they just want to make it harder for you to switch, a very good marketing tactic/practice.
@joe um sorry about the download manager reply, that wasn’t meant to be here. same for the reply to skywriters. oops.
capacitor aiff is like wav - uncompressed lossless audio.  flac is compressed lossless.  they sound exactly the same and the benefit of using aiff is that if you subscribe to itunes match you can listen to all your audio on the go (at 256 aac). i use amara to listen to my music on my computer and home system.   itunes is a ecosystem, nothing more.
@skywriters " if only these stars used their power for good. " is it sarcasm, i wonder *roll eyes* ? why pretend he doesn’t know the industry is full of tyrant, what an attention seeking whore >:-p ! of course he knows the industry is more about social engineering for the greater goods of, well, money and power. but than, as a journalist, why the fuck would you teach people that may i ask ? it wont pay, and it surely won't give you the attention you need as a journalist, because you just can't fight the defense mechanism of a sea of readers, cant you ? nah, you don't have the skill or/and power, people don't want to know that they've been lied to by what actually are impostors, and that, for such a long time. that would be to hard to process. the consumers honestly don’t give a shit about the music so it would be annoying to them... right ? or could they actually care about it if they knew, but have been "designed" not to listen properly to music, but to poorly process it has a shallow product of stardom ? bob lefsetz was a lawyer and a consultant in the music industry before this, and that's what he's about. let's not lie to ourselves either, that's how the industry works, and sometimes that's fine, but there are limits, which in this case, are not respected. question to ponomusic i honestly (and i am a little embarrassed for saying it, because i then get labelled as paranoid) don't like the eula of the jriver download manager i have used previously (days ago) on acoustic sounds. (the same goes for hdtracks) want i want is for you to just give us a free (as in freedom) download manager that works in a web browser or at least as a standalone software on gnu/linux distributions, don't act like you just invented electricity, it's a freaking download manager. but i know that's the minority's opinion. @jonathan gorman " the science just doesn't work to being audibly different. " of course it does work, it's actually physics and neurology. http://jn.physiology.org/content/83/6/3548.full http://www.cco.caltech.edu/~boyk/spectra/spectra.htm it's the >magnetic< field (oh yeah.), you know how bats see with ultra sounds ? well we may be able to hear only sounds from 20hz to 22khz and have eyes to see but that doesn’t mean the ultra sounds can't be processed by our brain as spacial information (therefore changing the way we perceive sound quality). it's just ridiculous that some people, apparently, scientists, conclude that we can't do so, thus ignoring many factors, that's just stupid (human are pretty advanced creatures as far as evolution goes, *roll eyes*). our brain and it's relation with our body is pretty complicated, didn't you know ? http://www.audiostream.com/content/deaf-dumb-and-blind-guardians-silly-anti-pono-science + http://www.youtube.com/watch… http://www.esstech.com/pdf/noise-shaping-sigma-delta.pdf mind homework? watch the whole video listening attentively from start to end. @gary itunes can playback 24/192, but only with aiff, which is a proprietary format created by apple. but it does nothing new and/or better, they just want to make it harder for you to switch, a very good marketing tactic/practice.
capacitor this is a fact.  the human ear is incapable of detecting recordings at 192khz.  it's 400x what we can hear.  it's like wanting a tv that displays in infra-red for the bats you watch tv with. and i have a $10,000 full linn set up, with tri-amped and tri-crossed speakers to compare digital and analog. seriously this is science. enjoy the pono as a good portable dac, but unless you are going to spend at least 2-3x the cost of the pono on your headphones, you won't even be able to tell a mp3 at 320 from a  flac on the same device.
.flac: flac (free lossless audio codec, most widely used) .m4a: alac (apple lossless audio codec) (not all m4a's are lossless, as they can contain lossy or similar quality to mp3's) .ape: monkey's audio lossless .tta: true audio lossless .tak: tom's lossless audio kompressor .wav: raw audio (largest size)  the larger the audio file for the same number of minutes (meaning both files are the same time length), the better the quality. thus, raw audio (wav) is generally the largest.  there are rules however. you cannot "up-convert", that is convert a lower quality audio (eg: mp3) to a higher quality (eg: lossless). this is literally impossible. when a cd is ripped into mp3, large amounts of audio data is lost (usually in frequencies not many can hear). the benefit is that the file is smaller.  if you want to get flacs or other lossless files into itunes, the only current way (to my knowledge) is converting the lossless files to alac, and then importing to itunes. flactunes can do this for you, and works for the latest itunes, i believe.  if you don't want to purchase the app, you can get one of the free apps, x lossless decoder or xact, and convert the files manually, then import them into itunes.   personally, i hate itunes for its interface (although i admit, the new interface is an improvement to my liking). if you don't have an ipod you use (like me), i recommend banshee. it's not my favorite media player from linux, and it's in beta for mac (no compiling required, thank goodness), but all the features i use are bug-free, and work for me. plus, the interface is very clean. (oh, and last.fm support  )  i would use amarok, my favorite media player from linux, but getting any version to run in mac os x 10.6+ is a pain with macports. i prefer 1.4 version prior to 2.0+, and i can't even get started to compile (and i'm a linux-guru!). it seems kde3 is not built for snow leopard+ in macports. however, i am currently almost finished getting amarok 2 install with macports (with a few google-fu fixes). hopefully it will be good to go soon.   edit: if you use windows, and want to convert the music, i highly recommend dbpoweramp music converter for its accurate conversion. however, if you don't want to pay, i recommend super. it has a semi-clunky interface, but it is free and the best full-featured conversion for audio that you can get for that price. (i don't recommend it for video conversion, as it tends to cause tearing with video. i recommend handbrake for that.)
i tried itunes a while back, on my brother's insistence, but didn't like it at all. i use nero kwik media on my computer. i use nero 11 to convert cd's to flac, wav, mp3, and wma (nero 14 is out now, but i haven't felt the need to upgrade). i don't really know why i still convert to mp3. i really can tell the difference between mp3's and wav's. i hardly ever listen to mp3's any more.
i believe 192/24 is closet we have to analog vinyl. good part, no more pops, ticks or hiss.
@jonathan when is itunes going to let you download 192/24? once again, there highest copy quality is only cd, and download is lower mp3. thanks
@gary i was just joking with jonathan. i no itunes would be okay for lossless cd copies. other than that, any other reason to use itunes site. thanks buddy.
capacitor itunes is best in class for metadata and file maintenance.  i rip cds in itunes at aiff and it is a bit perfect copy of a cd. when i get a downloaded file in flac, i rip it to aiff and import it to itunes.  macs can be set for 24/96 natively and then if you use a dac, it's whatever your dac can handle. as far as 192 audio, there is no evidence that any human can identify the difference with the same master (regardless of original resolution recording) and 96.   it's a micro small number that can even detect the difference over 44.1. and i can bet you a pono that the pono player cannot even produce a signal that would show a difference between 44.1 and 96 - the dac and amp section isn't going to be good enough for the price. this is the science, not opinion on the truth of ultra-high definition.   http://people.xiph.org/~xiphmont/demo/neil-young.html i'm happy to have another dac/amp, but the output impedance at 5ohms makes this player less portable than promised (need a 40ohm or greater headphone which eliminates most in ear speakers.  only so much technology can be put into the size and price point, but i think they are making a huge mistake with the output impedance.
capacitor, i doubt that you are asking questions of me, but my understanding is that various audio playback software has been crafted to function in conjunction with itunes. itunes will not playback certain file types or resolutions, true, but that's where the software transparently takes over. familiar itunes storage, presentation and control are easily combined with with high resolution playback software. audiophiles have the best of all worlds. file type does not matter as long as it is lossless. conservation of storage space becomes less important as hard drive costs go down. you are very correct; the best sound will depend not only on masters, but the entire mastering and reproduction chain. recording to reproduction is always limited by the weakest link in that chain. in my case, i have months to research and learn about digital audio in preparation for a pono player. sitting at my computer (as i am now), i'd prefer to plug a small usb dac into one of its ports and listen through headphones to any digital audio source i may control from it. i don't have a decent playback system in the vicinity of my computer. whenever i am not seated in this particular 'captain's chair,' pono shall be my mobile audio device.
also, i forgot, why would anyone with a pono want anything to do with itunes. your joking again, right?
itunes is max cd quality, only when you copy your cds.. itunes download is only mp3. flax is up to 192/24, uncompressed and pcm. why are you comparing any of this with itunes. also aiff files use more memory space. flac copy smaller then expand on playback, yet is 100% uncompressed. the best sound will depend on masters, resolution and dac or dacs. obviously, neil youngs pono player will be awesome, with is a+ team.
aiff plays on itunes and is uncompressed.   flac does not.   you can switch from one to another without any loss or gain (other than disk space).   because i use itunes match, i can here my music at highest resolution in a controlled setting or on my phone or apple tv.  it's all about the ecosystem for me. itunes as a player is limited, but i expect it to be upgraded when apple introduces the 24-96 files.   i use amarra for playback.  it integrates with itunes (but it is a ram hog) and does play high res files nicely. nothing wrong with flac.  i have many flac files, it's the same file with some compression (data not sound).  i only introduce compression when i need the space, as cheap as a data storage is, i feel no need for compression.   some people pretend to hear a difference.  science says no. i am not sold on high high resolution files.  the science just doesn't work to being audibly different.  i am about good dr and masters.  but a good master will sound great even on a 256 aac or 320 mp3. i am hoping the pono is a good dac/amp for the money.  it's probably going to replace my car ipod if the line out signal is good enough (if neil can do it, so can i). don't get your hopes set to high on extreme high def.  i own 7-8 different masters of pet sounds, and my dcc edition has bested newer (louder) masters.  nirvana nevermind on blue ray audio was a horrible master - no matter what the resolution. enjoy your journey.  don't overpay for resolution until you know the source.   most of these re/releases are to get someone to buy another copy.  some are great and some are worse than the $5 used cd.
jonathan gorman uses aiff files because apple supports it. pono will use flac files, uncompressed pcm.
@jonathan gorman http://www.youtube.com/watch… http://www.esstech.com/pdf/noise-shaping-sigma-delta.pdf mind homework?
jonathan gorman, i left out a word, having meant to write that my intention was to experience flac files at fairly high quality reproduction, no matter their origin. a day ago i posted here about an interview with dr. mark waldrep. i believe both you and he regarding the importance of source material quality (and mastering). if it isn't present in the archival storage medium, we'll never get it out. the link you provided is interesting and reminds me of dr. waldrep's comments about some consumer recordings having been squashed into a total dynamic range of no more than a few decibels! why do you rip to aiff? i'll hang on to my cds and rip again whenever necessary but i decided to rip to flac files because they can contain the full set of metadata, including cover art images--i've scrounged up images when necessary. i'm learning and preparing for my pono player. i want to believe the player will capably display file metadata. a separate drive is a good suggestion, but i'm not sending or streaming to an outboard dac from my computer, or using software to play from high-quality files in itunes. an audiophile i'm not. enthused about pono i am.
@jim...sorry it took so long to reply...i've been super busy doing promotions for my website. anyhow, i grew up in reykjavik...i go there now about once every two years for a week or two in summer or for christmas & new years which are the two best times to go. my extended family is from norway, the reason i say that is because that is where my extended family is now. my father was stationed at an american military base in iceland...so that's how i was born there as my mother is icelandic. to meet icelandic women or men go to any of the clubs as young islanders like to get ripping drunk. something that happens is at the end of the night at clubs everyone hooks up with someone to afterparty you can just follow the people or ask where the afterparty is...or have it in your hotel room with a few people, usually two women travel together so you can have a party of three at hotel. food is kind of bland, but good food is available but very expensive to eat out and in stores as well as everything is imported except salt cod lol. coldcuts, eggs, and cheese for breakfast is normal.  buy all alcohol at duty free in kef airport (cuban club recommended) to have in your hotel room. if you buy a bottle in reyki it will be super expensive. it's perfect to go there just a few days because the community is so small that you will run into the same people day after day in different places and often in clubs and bars the women will have guy friends which are cool but look after the girls...as long as your nice they will be cool. buying someone a drink is nice but don't be surprised if the person disapears to their group of friends and then find you hang out with the person again later in the night. it's courtesy as well to walk a girl home if local. don't be surprised if the next day the person acts as if they don't know you. cultural learnings, weird i know but so it goes. i live in metro boston now. so if this person wants to know what to do it's quite easy to give pointers. reykjavik is very small so you can wander around and see most of it in 1 or 2 days. the best bet is to rent a car so they can go to "the blue lagoon" "offroad tours" waterfalls / glaciers / geothermal springs (the scenery is stunning, it's a rock volcano that resembles another planet). there is a road that circles all of iceland but part of it sometimes closes on the northern part of the island from snow (it's probably closed now as summer is short. in june the sun rises at 3am and sets around 11pm, so only four hours of darkness (it does'nt even get really dark like here it's best described as "half dark" he or she will see what i mean . in winter it's the opposite, only a few hours of daylight, sun rises at 11am and sets at around 3-4 pm so it's dark 18-20 hours per day....i love this as i'm a night person. cafe paris is a nice little cafe in downtown reyki to get some french press. the best clubs and bars depends on the night of the week. the best nights of the week are friday and sat same as here. clubs close down and new ones open up all the time, but there are usually only 3-4 that are worth going to. people are very nice, you can learn basic "hello and goodbye" but don't try to speak icelandic phrases people will look at you like they do not understand...because it's impossible to learn the exact pronunciation unless you are a well versed local for many years) every one speaks english anyway. so see the sights and enjoy the scenery ~ welcome to mars! anyway if they have any more questions pm me on twitter...i'd be happy to help in with anymore questions. @christ_machine @all sorry to hijack the thread / carry on...oh yeah leftsays is a douche! :)
gary you made a good choice.   you should also checkout http://dr.loudness-war.info to get a gauge on the quality of different source files. higher resolution doesn't mean better sound.  a lot of the remasters at high resolution are worse than cds i rip all my cds to aiff, not flac via itunes.  i would also suggest buying a separate drive to store your music.  i've got over a terabyte of uncompressed music from a host of sources.
i must have missed something important in regards to jriver. i have had a look at the product and it does cost $49 so i assume if its to be bundled with the pono player this cost will not come into play? i'm not sure i will want or require it however as there is nothing worse than more apps trying to manage your av content. so is this just a bundled extra that you can choose to use or leave behind or are we heading for some sort of itunes hell :)
http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2014/05/undelivered-kickstarter-project-meets-washingtons-wrath/ this is interesting.
i use an imac and while waiting for a tiny usb dac that i've ordered, purchased something called audirvana plus. my intention is to experience flac files at fairly high reproduction. i downloaded jriver's media center 19 to poke around and learn, but it is complex and huge! if anyone here has experience with media center, or can direct bewildered newbies (like me) to a website or video tutorial, please help.
@man hin cheung of course it will be free
about jriver:  ponoplayer owners are expected to pay for a software before they can purchase music from pono store? i know we can just drag the music we already have to ponoplayer by using window explorer, but still, the software should be free.
hey christmachine.    morning to you.   long shot here.   just got back from a card game with some pals and one of them is flying to reykjavik in a couple of weeks for three days on his way to europe.   i think that's where you spend your time.   any chance he could touch base with you to get a line on the best of your town?
@anothertribe you can use a browser add-on if you need a download manager, like downthemall! for firefox. cross-platform and free (as in freedom).
@joe i hear you, don't get me wrong. i am however an old, analog guy living in a digital world. i need to be able to purchase, download and play my hires downloads in as least steps and as simply as possible. and if something goes wrong, i need the place of purchase to know that i was shorted a few bits and bytes and they will put it right. i like the way the hdtracks/jriver downloader works, i have a significant monthly credit card bill to back that up ;-)
@anothertribe i agree that it's nice to have that possibility, but with hd tracks and acoustic sounds, they simply obligates you to use the software, "due to the strict requirements from the major labels". that doesn't make sense.
@skywriters " if only these stars used their power for good. " is it sarcasm, i wonder *roll eyes* ? why pretend he doesn’t know the industry is full of tyrant, what an attention seeking whore >:-p ! of course he knows the industry is more about social engineering for the greater goods of, well, money and power. but than, as a journalist, why the fuck would you teach people that may i ask ? it wont pay, and it surely won't give you the attention you need as a journalist, because you just can't fight the defense mechanism of a sea of readers, cant you ? nah, you don't have the skill or/and power, people don't want to know that they've been lied to by what actually are impostors, and that, for such a long time. that would be to hard to process. the consumers honestly don’t give a shit about the music so it would be annoying to them... right ? or could they actually care about it if they knew, but have been "designed" not to listen properly to music, but to poorly process it has a shallow product of stardom ? bob lefsetz was a lawyer and a consultant in the music industry before this, and that's what he's about. let's not lie to ourselves either, that's how the industry works, and sometimes that's fine, but there are limits, which in this case, are not respected.
@joe well ok then. assuming that unlimited downloads of the same file(s) are cool then a browser would certainly work. personally i would like the ability to pause, resume & even cancel but then i'm a sucker for simplicity.
@brian, yea real classy dude ... bob lefsetz :( everyone here should request a retraction based on his use of the "lemming" label [ completely false / they never jump to their death - bogus walt dizzy ]  contact variety here: variety@pubservice.com
@anothertribe it is called a web browser and its fine. i don't even buy high definition tracks because i have no choice but to use the j river download manager, which in my opinion has a crappy eula dated from 2007.
@skywriters depressingly poor journalism again, has this guy heard a pono player?  what size pockets do these complaining wretches have? on many of the the other reviews, why is a triangular player less attractive than a rectangular one? god only knows how these flat-earthers think.
& hear com da sludge ... this is still a war people - long live pono ! https://variety.com/2014/voices/columns/1201167000-1201167000/
following mobiusengine, i thought it might be useful to exchange the names of music sites from which we get good reviews of new albums.  my favourite sites are: http://www.metacritic.com/music http://www.anydecentmusic.com/ http://www.allmusic.com/ all sites have good and bad sides.  allmusic makes me laugh out loud at times when it points to the "best" album from an artist's discography (e.g. beck - odelay) and then says another album by the same artist is his best (e.g. beck - sea changes). are there any really good music review sites that i'm missing?
probably not new to a lot of folk here but new to me, so i thought i would share... https://bleep.com/vinyl-cd - lots of 24bit wav file downloads of some interesting artists. artists such as geinoh yamashirogumi ... https://bleep.com/release/50614-geinoh-yamashirogumi-akira-original-soundtrack
condition of line voltage is very important.
@ian k@christmachine .... my lines are also dead quite, 120vac regulated @0.1% thd on line voltage and perfect sinewave from my ps audio p10 regenerator, on dedicated line.
@ian k @capacitor...yeah i use my conditioners to shield me from constant power surges as well as 19khz distortion from above ground utility wires as i live in a area with a lot of houses stacked together. lots of frequencies flying around...must shield. my lines are dead quiet.
@joe then how will you manage your downloads? ;-) it could get very chaotic.
@anothertribe i hope i won't have to use a download manager with the ponostore.
@anothertribe, thanks for the link, seems like another great decision by pono music.
jriver and ponomusic -- now engaged http://yabb.jriver.com/interact/index.php…
@gary i've been listening to scott's podcast since his first....very informative and geek to the max.  if you want to learn about all things audio visual give it a try. his interviews with the inventors and innovators of the tech are especially interesting as they discuss how things came to be as well as where they may be heading.
scott wilkinson of home theater geeks interviewed dr. mark waldrep yesterday in episode 204: "high on high-res audio" at twit.tv/show/home-theater-geeks/204 the interview is about an hour long and can be downloaded. very informative, touching also upon audio ultrasonic content and chatting with john hamm at the recent axpona (audio expo north america) event.
@capcitor @christmachine  i use mains conditioners right now, removes clicks and mains born interference. i really fancy a mains regenerator though. expensive....
i'm definitely going to go to that pono listening event in la. sounds promising
@john hamm, pono should be up for this award in the future or ... see you in the pasture :) http://www.grammy.org/recording-academy/awards/technical-awards @peace
not a word about j river doing the pono store!?  that is a very good sign, and that partnership obviates the need to reinvent the wheel and start from scratch. fellow angelinos, come see it in the flesh and meet ceo john hamm: http://www.computeraudiophile.com/content/579-come-hear-pono-and-talk-computer-audio-audio-salon/ i'm really stoked to check it out and meet mr. hamm. this looks to be shaping up and falling into place nicely!
:)))
@christmachine shizzle, i like that word. thanks man.
@capacitor for shizzle~ now that is hardcore! would look nice next to my rack mounts. :)))
@christmachine check out the p10http://www.psaudio.com/perfectwave-p10-pow
@ian k - i have 2 of these for about 10 years now and they work like a dream. one for audio and one for video...silent and clean! http://bit.ly/1kopdxe
@ian k i own a ps audio p10 regenerator. it's pretty cool.
@drew   there are some very expensive power conditioners up to those that reconstitute the mains at exactly the right level of volts and frequency. they can cost £1000s/$1000s. i borrowed one once, some time ago. it was like having a completely new system. everything, and i mean everything was so much better.  would like to have another as it is like a big system upgrade. on the other hand, the one in the picture looks like a piece of wood and a distribution block. in the uk, this one is king of the hill i suspect http://www.isoteksystems.com/cgi-bin/products.pl… £13k
@all great discussion guys. sorry i could not jump in earlier...i had to pay some bills and have been working on the site. a lot of interesting info going down here. cheers
@drew - simply awesome!  worthy of ejecting coffee from one's nose.
@dan scott along the same lines as what you posted, how about this approach to power conditioning? http://shop.mapleshadestore.com/images/strat4ch-im.jpg yours starting at $760
@jim - hmmmm good question. i think if you also get the music synchronizer and quantum light then you should be good with either. i think it is imperative that you regularize the quantum movement in your audio equipment prior to each use but make sure you don't flash your wine!
jim, does it come with a bug? just joking buddy.
dan.   thanks for that golden sound link.   i ordered the 143 grand 'flagship' speakers but i'm stuck on whether i'll get the best sound from the 1 inch large or the 1 1/2 inch super dh cones.  any suggestions?
yes, yes--reproducing all frequencies more closely approximates reality. texture is a wonderful word! besides, high frequencies are line-of-sight whereas low frequencies spread everywhere. it's probably easier to recreate beat frequency interference than to record it and hope it reproduces well. many musical instruments output ultrasonic frequencies.
"accruing"  "according" !!!
@gary there are complex things going on in the bass. the system goes down to just brow 25hz and at those frequencies you can hear the waves. or feel them. so it is the start and stopping of bass notes that are improved - leading edges, but also the pulsing in the notes themselves. bowed double bass and cello sound more vibrant, which is sort of what you would expect. except accruing to the 20 - 20k folk it should not make any difference. amongst all of that are the beat frequencies. what it all adds up to for the bass is a distinct increase in texture.
@ian kendrick i 2nd that.
@ian k, despite the predominant (low) frequencies, bass from musical instruments (plucked or bowed strings, percussion drum heads or wind--pipe organ & others) contains leading edge high frequency attacks and many harmonics throughout. low frequencies predominate, but the sound contains high frequency components, many increasingly whole number multiples of the same frequency. fingers & picks pluck strings, timpani sticks & mallets strike drum heads and rosined bows excite strings. think of it this way; without high frequency, the attack & sustain of a bow, pluck of a string, strike of a kettle drum or first rush of air through a pipe would be shapeless and soft, no sharp beginning. without super tweeters, music sounds more like a two-dimensional representation of three-dimensional sound space. you're likely correct--each and every harmonic makes itself present and also interacts with all the other frequencies to form beat frequencies. the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. technology should never stop recording and reproducing music with ever-increasing detail. we shall one day directly record gaseous molecular motion, rather than its effects upon microphone diaphragms. loudspeakers and headphones shall likewise excite the very air itself via three-dimensional force fields. then it will be pono all over again...
well that's a first.  jayne came home and demanded the return of the super tweeters to the back room.  is done and it sounds right again.
ultra tweeters you say? what coudl be more awesome....sound great and cook your lunch
@dan i think tweeters that go up into gigaherz sounds just right for me...
@ian - i am pretty sure i need my quantum fields aligned. maybe do it monday to start the week off right.
@dan  there's geeky and there's geeky. and that is geeky alright...
if you ever feel you have too much money... you could always buy some next generation audio gear here.... http://www.goldensound.com/productlist/next-generation-audio-accessories there are things there would never have considered. :)
@gary am also very interested in the way the super tweeters improve the bass of the systems. seems very counter intuitive but seems real all the same. been musing on how harmonics could be it, or beat frequencies or both, either in combination or individually.
i hope they ship the posters out on the date listed in the pledge. it is going to make an excellent birthday gift for my father once i get it framed!
@gary that has long been my view - mentioned it earlier.
whether i can perceive pure sine waves above twenty thousand cycles per second seems a moot point compared to beat frequencies. source audio containing such highs coupled with transducers capable of reproducing them ensures "beats" or beat frequencies, an alternating constructive and destructive interference resulting from interaction of at least two different frequencies. this means that we are certainly capable of hearing the results of frequencies that may be outside of our range of hearing. record the whole thing and reproduce the whole thing--anything less is exactly that.
@ian k maybe you misunderstood, or i wasn't clear enough? i meant 20 to 20k response, for your hearing only. but, the frequency response of speaker much higher. also, room acoustics may made a little difference. i'm aware of frequencies we don't here, but we feel. anyway, i enjoyed reading your info. it was great. thanks ian
@capacitor. maybe i misunderstood what you said. i thought you were saying that if speakers were flat from 20 - 20k then you wouldn't need super tweeters. and that therefore mine probably weren't flat. the whole point of super tweeters is that they go way past 20k. so i don't understand your comment, about needing them if the speakers aren't flat 20 - 20k?
also, good day richheart. your the best.
@ian k i never said or implied you have cheap speakers. also, i heard super tweeters on $150,000 stereo system.  i also agree there are effects above 20k. this is way krell and some other companies go way beyond 20k in there amps. i think these are called harmonics, 2nd, 3rd, etc. have a good day.
@ian thanks for sharing that stuff on here. i too notice that listening in my bedroom, usually lying flat (not officially recommended in the hi-fi world) but at the apex of an isosceles triangle) i feel the music and can better identify nuances when i am not trying to. when i aspired to a nakamichi as the pinnacle of the audiophile dream, i realised it was just that: a dream. perfect sound is less important than the best available that i can enjoy. i guess what i am saying is that super-tweeters and anything else that can bring us closer to enjoying the music are enjoyable steps on a never-ending journey. the thrill i got from silicone pads between my thorens (i can't recall the model) and the stone tile felt/sounded better. my (then) wife never complained before or after, she happily  tolerated my hobby and enjoyed the music.
@ capacitor. the arcs are not cheap speakers and they go past 20k already. the rest of the system is pretty good too. that isn't the point at all. i am not stuck on the notion that "20k is all you need, nothing else can possibly have any effect, you are wasting your time and money, science proves this to be correct blah blah blah". i am only reporting what my ears (and jayne's) can hear. have you heard a good system with super tweeters? or are you just repeating what the theories about 20-20k say? and as you will see from my posts, i have tried the super tweeters in two different situations with the same results.
@ian k if your speakers output is flat from 20 to 20k, and the rest of your system is top notch. then you wouldn't need a external tweeter add on, in this case. i think a super tweeter is good for speakers lacking flat 20 to 20k response. just my thoughts ian. take care.
@ian ; thank you for sharing that info. i have the same thoughts on the sound you feel and get restless when the system i am listening to are lacking something
@christmachine. sorry for typo...
@asbefore plus @chrsitmachine... well, been working in the office for a few hours with music playing, using the super tweeters. same thing as the big system in the back room. all sounds sweeter, less harsh. no loss of detail or dynamics, possibly slightly more of both. and same bass effects too. this system is a marantz cr610 hooked up to a nas drive on the ethernet. speakers are odd things. would place a very large bet (were i the betting sort - although thinking about it i must be otherwise i wouldn't be here would i? hmmm...) that no one has ever heard of them. made by ion, (nytech) they are jc-a1 with jc-x1 external crossovers and are bi amped via the marantz. bookshelf sized they used roksan darius tweeters (very good - i used to have a pair of the darius, darii?) and are impossibly rare as only 12 pairs of the ions were ever made. i used to have the equally rare pre/power amp but like a fool sold it last year. speakers are prototypes that never went into production. i have had all sorts of bookshelf speakers from ls3/5as, sl600s, myryad a170s, proac, acoustic energy a1s and such like and the ions are still the best. twenty years old now. anyhow the point of all of that is that the super tweeters have all the same effects, including the bass - no subwoofer here, just 100mm drive units. speakers are each side of a pair of 24 inch screens and very near field so everything tends to get exposed.  oh dear, the super tweeters aren't going to go back to the big system as i spend far more time here than there. the only down side is that doing work is harder because the music keeps drawing me in. will be getting another, different, pair of super tweeters, have my eye on a pair right now. will report back... seems this topic might have some legs for hi res folk?
@jim @richard @eduard and @brian i think and @anyonelse... super tweeters... is not that their removal was detrimental, is that their addition makes a positive difference which seemed very subtle at the time, to the point where i wasn't sure that they really made that much difference. hence i did not raise the topic earlier. the decision to remove them was based on they ain't pretty and i have just upgraded the office system and fancied seeing what they would do. removing them just put the system back to 'standard'. one explanation is that when i put them in the system they were brand new and not run in. after a year or so that is no longer true. wilson benesch arcs are not cheap speakers and they have a reputation for being civilised and dynamic with a sweet top end. as for the 2000 article - i remember the debate at the time. i remain convinced that we do not fully know how the ear/brain/body experiences sound. we just focus on the ear and think that is that. i don't feel that it is. and the key word there is feel. i know how things make me feel but i also know that if i sit and furrow my brow and listen very intently, focusing with all i have got, i can't hear much difference. but sat in a dark room, relaxed, just listening to the music, if i start to feel ill at ease i know something is wrong. jayne's reaction was exactly that. we were not focusing on listening, we were chatting and the music was in the background. but the difference was so significant that we stopped talking and the conversation as reported took place. i just think that we hear far more than we can measure. also... no one seems to talk about beat frequencies and this would seem to me to be relevant. 22k plus 24k interacting can give a 2k beat frequency. a twin engined propeller plane going overhead can do something similar when the engines are not quite running at the same speed. as for the sensation with bass. yep, very real indeed. i love the bass from the rels, but the super tweeters give them much greater definition - bass notes start and end much more clearly. so even bass notes are complex with lots of harmonics it seems. townshend and tannoy make some of the best super tweeters - mine are cheap things in comparison. but i am now convinced of their efficacy. i wasn't, to be honest - until i moved them into the office where they seem to be having the same effect. hmmm....
@jim, it is interesting that the evidence has been around for such a long time!
brian.   i just read the first year psychology lecture from berkeley in the fall of 2000 on the topic of hearing above 20 khz.   fascinating!   thank you for that.   would have loved to sit in on that class.      the third from last para concludes that at least at that point in time, the dsd format was creating better results than the pcm.    i love his conclusion.......'.....so the audiophiles dream for high resolution digital audio will inevitably be fulfilled.  to what degree and by which format, not to mention in what time frame the dream will be fulfilled is yet to be determined....'.    i started to watch the martin mellinson lecture, but need to sit down somewhere quiet tomorrow to finish it.      great stuff. ian.   don't know if you've read it yet, but the 8th para describes perfectly what your wife perceived when you moved the tweeters into your office.
@ian could the way super tweeters are connected affect bass' and tweeters' performance?  however, what you are describing is that the removal of these add-ons has a detrimental effect. i guess noddy holder was presumptuous when slade released 'goodbye to j.....' :)
i liked that martin mallinson video...cool info about what we can hear and how we hear. i didn't know your ears tuned themselves. (you have to watch the video). cool stuff
@brian...i agree, we are even seeing it with some of the best audio engineers ( no need to name anyone specific), who in the past lived by the highest quality standards. i think neil will have a quality control team to get them back on track. :)
@christmachine, no worries. given that the basis of science is change, i'd expect better from technology journalists!
@brian watching now...thanks for the link, i already dig it. cheers!
@christmachine i look forward to that.  martin mallinson of ess touched on it in the following: http://www.youtube.com/watch… more evidence that the pono music team and player are built on good foundations.  some of the journalism out there is of really poor quality.
also if they are so right and have the studies to back it up, and i've read them, then why is there still a dispute...i don't even need to read the article once i read the headline. even if we cannot hear above 22.1khz then within that range we can still hear better attack, echo, dr, sustain in a better quality recording. i look at song spectrographs everyday and i can see music, transients, and distortion high above 21.5...in these recordings i can hear a better soundstage and clarity if nothing else from hi-rez. if all the other stuff is voodoo and i can still here better soundstage, presentation, and clarity with hi-rez i'm happy.
@brian i'm going to do an in depth article soon, similar to what you describe...there is so much more to go further as well regarding peoples ability to sense space and time interval changes even with poor hearing at an elderly age.    the people who bunk the idea are silly...they speak of scientific studies and abx blind testing. what if einstein took that route.  someday we shall be redeemed!
i'm not happy unless i'm not happy (and eating a bug)
neil young and co. were brave with pono but there is much evidence that they were right. the following interesting reading challenged the idea that the limit of human hearing is 20khz. http://skreddypedals.com/digital_sucks/ultrasonics.htm bear in mind the publication date of 2000, subsequent brain imaging has shown that humans are affected by sound beyond 20khz.  why does redbook cd conventional wisdom from the early 80s still dominate discussions in this area, an obvious example being the following pono "review" by the guardian which is headed: "pono: only a man pays for music quality that he can't hear  neil young's pono: 192khz 24-bit music player produces sound quality that is wasted on human hearing. so why pay the extra for it?" http://www.theguardian.com/technology/2014/apr/05/pono-neil-young-24bit-192khz-review should technology journalists be sent back to school?  this one should perhaps publish an apology.
something bugging you guys?
https://www.youtube.com/watch…
watching ren & stimpy "black hole - happy machine" ahahhahahahalloolllz! lmao!!
@jim did you find a nice bug, for dana?
@jim humphry did you find for dana?
if some of you guys and gals want to taste some hi-rez...you know how to contact me on el twittero!
i was just out in the garden trying to pick one :)
@dana gibson what kind of bug? ha ha
fits the whole idea of organic sound, i think , hope !!!  gonna see!
check out lkpr 'no comply' headphones here on ks. i'm gonna support these as i think this will be a sweet duo come oct/dec. think about these eh!!!
8801 ;)
@ian on the french site they have the following: 24 bits / 96.0 khz - stereo (9071)     24 bits / 44.1 khz - stereo (2130)     24 bits / 88.2 khz - stereo (731)     24 bits / 48.0 khz - stereo (304)     24 bits / 192.0 khz - stereo (217)     24 bits / 96.0 khz - multicanal 5.1 (16)     24 bits / 48.0 khz - multicanal 5.1 (11)     24 bits / 88.2 khz - multicanal 5.1 (9)     24 bits / 88.0 khz - stereo (9)     24 bits / 176.4 khz - stereo (8)     + en voir d'autres... les genres     blues/country/folk (79)     chanson française (1100)     classique (6072)     diction (296)     electro (516)     film (126)     jazz (1475)     musiques du monde (1226)     pop/rock (1351)     soul/funk/r&b (137)     + en voir d'autres... nora jones, rem etc., maybe it is different per country.
@jim not complaining. it's just one step along the trail. eat a bug.
hey dana,  don't know what thanks you're waiting for.  we've all been given the chance to ride this train with neil and company to a new land of hi-rez, portable music.   and we're all in the first car for the low-low price of $300 (or $400 if you went for the signature bling).  i think it's we who should be thanking him for this opportunity, and if in oct or dec he ends up shipping us a half sack of bad beer with 3 missing, instead of our promised passport, we can start complaining.
today would be the last day to fulfill the "thanks on website" pledge. let's see if the thanks are there......doesn't look like it.
@eduard. had a peek and they seem to just have 16/44.1 and trumpet it as hi res. all very well having lovely artwork showing diavalet amps and the like, but i could not find anything above cd quality. perhaps i missed it?
for all european hi-res lovers do cannot wait till october or those who are looking for typically european music, i was recommended a music-store called qubuz they have some interesting music there. curious to find out if they really have true studio master quality, as they claim.
@eduard they are a pair i bought off ebay just to see if they did anything at all. they have switches for crossover frequency and sensitivity. http://www.gumtree.com/p/for-sale/bespoke-dual-concentric-ring-radiator-super-tweeters-pair/101232713 is the only place i can find them right now. cost around £150/$250. had them for a year or so and not really thought much about them. only when you take them away do you hear just how much difference they make. given that they are tweeters you would expect all the difference to be at the top end, but not so. and they seem to calm the top end down a lot - which seems counter intuitive. given all of the 'there's no point in hi res because you can't hear above 20khz' and 'there's no information up there even if you could hear it' and 'if you try to reproduce those frequencies you'll do damage to your amplifier/speakers' comments, i thought this might be of interest. have been using hi res for a few years and, oddly, my hifi is still intact and working fine. and it sounds great. main speakers are wilson benesch arcs, which are no slouches in the first place. i see that wb now use super tweeters too. looks like i may be in for another pair of super tweeters. didn't see that coming....
@ian last post done by me via my daughters account (us address)
@ian so, hi res then. super tweeters specifically. nice story, i have the same experience, it always costs too much but once it is connected (or disconnected) she immediately hears the difference, even from the other room.  i do have a rel subwoofer as well but do not have super-tweeters. which do you have, because i would love to give it a try as well. btw, i am using a denon (avc a1) amp which through the years has given nothing but pleasure.
@brian milligan sennheiser hd650. excellent cans, love mine.
@gary  it sounds different to me too. but then it would wouldn't it? on the grounds that i am listening for it to sound different and in particular ways. the interesting thing is that jayne has less than no interest in hifi and stuff. but she noticed immediately when they were removed. they only start operating at 18khz and go to 40khz. many here would insist that they don't do anything, can't be heard, waste of time, waste of money blah blah blah. fascinating that they affect the bass performance so much. and that is with a pair of rel subwoofers in the system.
@ian k i think it may be the ears of women are different from mens. something to do with the genetics. i know my wife can hear everything i do wrong. through walls, across oceans and time zones, she always knows....
so, hi res then. super tweeters specifically. i have a pair of them sat atop the speakers in the main system in the living room. decided to see what difference they would make on the system in the office (at home, where i work most of the time). they run in parallel across the normal tweeters, so moving them is easy. both systems can stream hi res up to 24/192 and are on an ethernet/nas. they sound great in the office, might well keep them. but... last night jayne and i decided to listen to some music in the back room before bedtime. glass of wine, dark, quiet. very nice. after maybe 10 minutes jayne said "this sounds very different. what have you done now?". i asked her in what way did it sound different? "sounds brighter, harsher, less mellow, the bass is all woolly, can't make out what is going on there. a bit annoying" was the reply. i asked he if she had any idea if anything was different? "nope" was the answer to that. she has always objected to 'those ugly things on top of the speaker". "what use are they of you can't hear them?". now she says "can you please put them back!". what do you make of that?
@wc  +1on that. still would like to know if its a signature, a logo or the ultimate of both.
two weeks and a day.  @creator, can the crazy horse backers get a glimpse on what it will look like?  i know neil is a busy guy but can a team member give us a lotta love?
@christmachine no offense taken and none meant toward you.  just clarifying for others that may read my posts.  hoffman has it's problems at times but is great for learning about collecting different mixes/versions/etc. among other things.  no problems at head-fi, helps to learn about headphones. carry on.
@pat= spam
@anothertribe, thanks for the great techcrunch link - can't wait to get my hands on the pono player! i don't want to re-start aanother headphone discussion but does anyone know which cans were used?  they look like sennheiser hd598 to me but i could be wrong.
just thought i would drop by and say hello :) comments are fewer but the quality is better & nicer. some great links and some good reading.
@capacitor its a ny&ch i have for december. number 1/500, couldn't turn that down!@richheart also got the clear. according to john hamm today, the clear is to be in production after kickstarter as well. couldn't turn that down either. so all in all a happy,if impatient, bunny. couldn't justify more than 2, tho i know that some have went for up to 9 ponos....
@surreal...i got that, that's why i posted a retraction. also i meant no offence. i live at places like hoffman, head-fi, and booleg zone among many others. there are just as many threads with positive reaction to pono. i read them all. it just makes me laugh when people get there knickers all twisted up and make snide uneducated remarks...i live for this stuff. no harm, no foul. respect
@christmachine that's why i stated it was a different video.  yes some negative posts at that point currently in the conversations basically typical overly negative and/or skeptical type of 2 or 3 individuals that are never satisfied even if ever proven wrong.  same as here and everywhere else.  not that on occasion they point out some things that are good to know but they get annoying fast. for music lovers however if you check out the rest of the forum there is quite a lot of information and topics of all types of music and equipment.  go back to the page i linked to scroll to the top and click where it says forums.  click one of the 3 choices from there (i recommend the marked music corner) and read away.
i have to wait twice...not sure if that is a good thing, yea sure it is!
@o'boogie thanks for the check4change tip, all your 'fault' i picked up the earlybird :)
@gary and @cap i switched from various l.e.s to a december clear. then in the last hours, i picked up an earlybird. pono very kindly agreed that i could add $100 and switch to a clear... nightmare: amazon payments only allows direct payments for people in the usa, pono wanted amazon or a cheque.... so... i am 'stuck' with an october earlybird :)
@gary i switched my oct for ny@ch dec. " the eternal wait "
@surreal ...i see it's the axpona video you're posting, soz!
@surreal that's the same one ..me thinks, anyway i'm glad you posted it @all read some of the posts in that thread @ h0ffm4n forums, all people do is wah wah wah...
different pono/john hamm interview. http://forums.stevehoffman.tv/threads/neil-young-readies-pono-music-service-for-expansion-part-3.347647/page-12#post-10413630
@anothertribe thanks - excellent interview +1
@capacitor i had 1 in oct  and 1 in dec, but changed my pledge. now both in december. can i keep sane while 10,000, (according to pono), get theres in october? only time and a straightjacket can tell.
@gary same here, december.
@anothertribe good interview. i just hate it when you are watching someone else listen to the pono and you are sitting here, twiddling thumbs til october, ( or in my case december). ho hum, i can wait,....i can wait!... i will need to wait...:(
@anothertribe thanks! very cool.
that was pretty cool. thanks.
http://techcrunch.com/2014/04/27/whats-next-for-ponomusic-the-startup-that-took-kickstarter-by-storm-and-raised-6-2m/
watched lenoise in bluray last night for the first time!  wow, it is amazing the dif in the tone & depth!  come on pono...not wishing my life away...just excited about pono in oct.   https://www.youtube.com/watch…
.new concept for hd audio: d[sd] project, crowdfunding campaign underway: http://igg.me/at/audio-feel  .please spread the word/link...
@jim humphry glad you liked it...yeah i re-listened to it again today and i was groovin! hope you all are having a good day...stay well!
recently bought that box set, too :)
i contacted pono support directly and this was the response i got from someone there. "we are accepting checks at this time for specific cases of payment problems." and some random cpa's name  @ ivanhoe now i have had to write back for the 3rd time asking how much in canadian dollars...because you know well enough that if i send $15 canadian they are going to be like...."you didn't take into consideration the exchange rate...its 15 american"
can't you contact kickstarter or pono and pay the $15 the same way you paid your first nut?i changed my delivery address from can to u.s. and pono said they would send me back $15.
i'll be the first to admit i was a bit an idiot for forgetting to add my shipping to my kickstarter pledge as an international backer....and now i need to send a personal check/cheque to pay for my shipping? seriously?
pono
@cap cool beans!
hola christmachine.   doing my taxes and just listened to the kryptic minds - fabriclive x dub police mix from your web site.    gotta say, man, that is so not like the music i listen to, but it was very cool and just the perfect sound track.   thank you!!!
@carlos i ordered the box set.
https://www.youtube.com/watch… pono oct!!!  i will be born again, baptized in the wash of spirit thru the muse!
you are welcome guys, have a good night :) the needle of death by bert jansch  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
i ordered my box set today!  it felt right so i went with it!  http://neilyoung.warnerbrosrecords.com/a-letter-home-limited-edition-box-set.html
@carlos thank you for posting needle of death, absolutely incredible!  certainly made my day as well!
that neil young, needle of death video is awesome.
hey guys and gals...i think you'll really like this. my good friend has given me his permission to use his legendary photo archives on our website. http://www.christmachine.com/ have a look at today's gallery post. endless amounts of rare music photography will be decorating the site from now on. enjoy & thanks for the support! xd
@carlos that neil young - "needle of death" video is f'ing awesome! thanks for posting that...made my day!
standing here listening to florida state on campus warm up before my daughters softball game. music with clarity in any form is moving especially when those performing are  having such fun. i'll have to say it's the first time i've seen a bass player as part of the ensemble, he's got the amp cranked up so you can hear him though.
newsneil young will deliver box set of jack white-stamped 'a letter home' neil young / photo by getty images april 24 2014, 10:30 am et by kyle mcgovern expanded edition collects multiple lps, a cd, dvd, and more, all due may 27 neil young's a letter home will soon come in a box. the rock'n'roll icon (and pono mastermind) has announced that he's planning to put out a deluxe box set version of his latest full-length, an all-covers collection recorded with jack white. due may 27, the limited-edition release is on the way via reprise records, and features two vinyl lps, a cd, a dvd, a set of six-inch vinyl discs, and a 32-page color booklet. regarding the two vinyl lps: one is a standard version of a letter home, pressed on 180-gram black vinyl; the other is an "audiophile" edition that's also pressed on 180-gram black vinyl, but contains a special "direct feed from the booth" version of the album. "the booth" in question is, of course, the 1940s-era voice-o-graph recording booth located at white's third man records headquarters in nashville. young recorded a letter home inside the voice-o-graph booth, a process he recently described to spin as "retro-tech." "[it's] a phone booth," young said. "it's all acoustic with a harmonica inside a closed space, with one mic to vinyl ... it's a funky old machine, it sounds like jimmy rogers or something." the upcoming, expanded release also comes with a download card for a digital version of the audiophile mix; a standard cd edition of a letter home; a dvd capturing footage of the recording process and commentary from producers and engineers; and seven six-inch slices of clear vinyl, the seventh of which features young doing a version of bob dylan's "blowin' in the wind" backed by an alternate arrangement of willie nelson's "crazy." pre-order the deluxe box set of a letter home through warner bros. and look below to see young perform bert jansch's "needle of death" inside the voice-o-graph. tagged neil young, jack white
@cap nice, ya i just picked up the, in our nature, cd, the other day (i couldn't wait for ponomusic :), -definitely sounds like the good 'ole br again.
recently saw blue rodeo in toronto. they played new  cd, in our nature, and gave everyone a cd of new disc. i received disc, prior to public release.
here you, go buy this!  http://neilyoung.warnerbrosrecords.com/a-letter-home-limited-edition-box-set.html
blue rodeo  - all of them.
good morning!  the needle of death! https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@jim ...i've been to amsterdam on tour but not until the late 80's so 73 was a bit before my time. how awesome was the band though jeeez!  the two artists that i can say that i really would of given a finger to see would be jimi and the beatles. can't complain though i've been very fortunate.  @capacitor as far as ray l, i first found out about him when i heard him sing jolene at the end of the movie "the town". he had me at "c_caine flame in my bloodstream". i said i have to hear more of this guy. great artist for sure! :)
anyone heard of ray lamontagne? his music sounds great.
listening to tom petty on vinyl while restringing a guitar...i almost forgot how good they sound, sheesh...can't wait for pono!!!
just listening to ccr absolute originals on sacd. the mastering done by steve hoffman, for analog productions. the sound is great.
diana and jeff....i posted earlier about changing the address....go to the item you pledged for...click on "your response"....the address can be edited....i assume up to the time they ship.
i was in amsterdam in the fall of '73 and was walking around a grey day with 3 folks i'd met at the hostel when we came across a venue where the band was playing that night.  we had barely enough money to eat and nothing for sounds so we walked around the back and pounded on a door with the vague hope of 'working' our way to a ticket.  some large, bearded roadie type finally opened the door and we began our pitch.  we'd barely started when he sez 'why don't you little children just piss off?'.   before i could react, marvin, from calgary, sez 'why don't you piss up a rope?' and turns to walk away.  the guy at the door laughed and told us to be back at 7.   we were, he answered the door, and we watched the show from the side of the stage.   that wasn't you, christmachine or dennis, was it?
@tj, http://m.youtube.com/watch…
@dennis..that's how i started out as personal security for musicians. that lead to international tours with some pretty famous bands,,,ahhh the good life!
before being security at concerts, i had a friend who had an in at a  local club that had the likes of twisted sister, rat race choir and many others. as a child i heard led zeppelin warming up from an open door.....too cool.
i used to work as a bouncer (security) when i was much younger at concerts and got to see bands like blue oyster cult, j. geils band, styx, elton john, and many others, but got fired because some of our group stole the bands beer at one concert....the band was j. geils band at commack arena in new york..
my wife surprised me when in england to the rolling stones concert at wembley stadium before they tore it down and rebuilt it....i love this girl.
@diane reese send the pono to a trusted friends address.
@jim  that would be gilad, son of ivor tiefenbrun i guess - outspoken linn founder.  as for isle of wight - no, i was due to go but never made it. my late wife did though, hence the programme. never forgave myself for not being there...
i am in the same boat as diane down below...  i work on the road, and do not know where i'll be in dec ??
@ diane reese. use your current address. you should be able to update it after you move. i did it with the veronica mars project. i moved in march, blu-ray ships next month. i e-mailed them and they updated for me. same should be the case here.
@jim, thanks for the linn link, glad to see some really positive pono feedback!
@jim...indeed! thanks for the link as well kind sir.
help! i just got my "final reminder!" email asking for my address details for october delivery. i don't know where i will be in october, i will be moving away in june or july. i wrote to pono support last week asking whether i'll be able to change the address i provide now, but i have not gotten an answer. help!
just found this on the linn uk site. christmachine,     thanks for the video.    mancuso  looks like he's travelled a lot of musical miles. http://blogs.linn.co.uk/music/gilad-tiefenbrun/pono-saves-the-music-industry.php
@dan scott thanks for taking the time to check it out. thorens td125 mkii & mahavishnu...is gold baby gold! :)
@john - it would be great to see them in tokyo...must have been an interesting cultural experience. i have seen him a few times here in vancouver but not recently...maybe he is due back. :)
i have those two mahavishnu orchestra albums on vinyl (and many more). i was lucky enough to see the john mclaughlin trio at the blue note in tokyo, japan back in 1991. it was a general admission show with dinner just before the show. i got there early enough to grab the front row, dead-center. i was only about 6 to 8 feet away from john and his single amp he had right beside him on a table. that was one of my greatest concert-going experiences ever!
oh... and "the inner mounting flame" :)
@christmachine - interesting piece....thanks for posting it. another peek into a world i was only peripherally aware of (i was never much of a club goer). my brother did have a thorens td125 mkii turntable though (into marantz receiver...can't remember which one though) this was in the mid '70's. listened to some great stuff on his system but i remember most "visions of the emerald beyond" by the mahavishu orchestra
oops jdc
@o'boogie tj is just scared of witches, even good ones :)
@tian, i've replied with the info. have a good weekend, pono folks!  i'm off out to brunch. :-)
@jdc: he'll be sending it using my full name to my work address. i will not be difficult to find. besides that, i already have a le csny pono. i don't need another one. good lord. can't people just do nice things for people anymore? i'll check my email, @tian. :-)
subject: i just signed this urgent petition -- join me? dear friend, verizon struck a mortal blow against net neutrality by persuading a federal judge to throw out the federal communication commission’s open internet order. and now fcc chair tom wheeler faces a choice -- he can stand up for net neutrality or help verizon kill it for good. the fate of the open internet rests on this choice. outrageously, wheeler recently proposed a new set of rules that will put the final nail in the coffin for net neutrality. this is wrong. we only have until the may 15 fcc meeting to push back hard enough to get wheeler to change course. i just signed a petition about this. it only takes a moment at the link below: http://act.credoaction.com/sign/verizon_netneutrality/…
if you’re into music, the next 23 minutes and 30 seconds could be the most important in your life! david mancuso on sound tech, structure, mood, and acoustics…[***video***] enjoy! http://www.christmachine.com/
http://www.bbc.com/news/entertainment-arts-27159534 this says it all about the quest for great sounding music.
the latest issue of mojo has a fairly brief article talking to ny about pono. it's fair to say mojo themselves don't sound over-enthusiastic and the project is portrayed as just another one-of-many technical interests of the main man. i did rather wonder why they were not allowed to give pono a hearing as he had one in his pocket. interesting also to note that ny implied that archives 2 will not be available on cd. personally i do quite like box sets to include a box.
@everyone - really think about giving anyone your details/money/player to anyone that says they will post it on. it is worth the risk?
@o'boogie now, if you had said before kickstarter finished re posting on peoples ponos, you could have been lying on malibu beach by now. could have been so lucrative....to the people that said they were finished with live music, ( yesterday i think), i have just got in from another awesome, cheap gig. temperance movement in glasgow. £12 per ticket and the back up band, (river68), were also awesome. front at the barrier, they even did a faces cover version. happy daze.....
oh susie q, oh susie q i love you, my susie q i like the way you walk i like the way you talk on my record player :)
@o'boogie. messaged you via email. thanks for this :)
i forgot to add my shipping so i contacted support@ponomusic.com as i wanted to take care of this early rather than waiting until october. i received a response telling me to use amazon payments. the thing is amazon payments send money function is only usable by people in the the us. the only way to use amazon do this is by ponosupport actually sending a request for the money to our amazon accounts, which we are able to do.
@jim - i've done my share of bouncing on that floor! david lindley to shriekback to ladysmith ... so many good times. speaking of unsung (sorry) musical genius ... i recently watched searching for sugar man  on netflix... that was a pretty cool story.
i saw john littlejohn at the commodore in vancouver in the early 80's.  the commodore is an old dance hall with the floor resting on horsehair for a little spring.  i stood at the stage and watched littlejohn coax his guitar into life so it moaned and cried and whispered and wailed it's own stories quite separate from his words or what his rhythm section was laying down.   when the show ended he was selling lps at a little table at the back.  i bought his 'chicago blues stars' for about $5 and asked him to sign it.   he took up a pen and, no shit, took about 90 seconds to get his name down.  i was struck then and am whenever i get this one out to play by how a guy who is a galileo on the guitar can wander through this world i inhabit barely able to write.  and yet he leaves a larger ripple than all my words ever will.  i think true musical genius most often lives in loneliness.    one more reason to support this pono revolution to ensure the creations of this genius get out to as many as possible in a form as close to their essence as possible. --ian--    were you at isle of wight in '70?   yeah, jimi....we can only imagine
just clicked on the "your response" button on item that i pledged for. you can edit your address there. everything else is set in stone when you send in the survey.
@rich, thank you kindly. hahaha. :-d
you're
you're
@o'boogie your the good witch of the west
@mom/@wanda, thank you! just got out of my meeting. @tian, you can either contact me on ponopeople (same name as here), or you can email me at "u s  j l h f (a) g m a i l. com," (obviously without spaces and quotes). we can talk details! i'm happy to help! @gary, i wouldn't mind doing it for a couple of people. i'm quite nice, really. :-)
@tian: @o'boogie asked me to tell you that she is in a meeting and will reply when the meeting is over.
@o'boogie ...and now, prepare to be engulfed with similar requests...:)
@tian : if both of you go to www.ponopeople.org you can send each other private messages, just register first
@o'boogie that would be great, sure i could do that too.... how can i contact you? i don't think i can message u directly on kickstarter,,
@redwood and i was wondering, why my mummy isn't breast-feeding me anymore? i'm only 5.5 decades old :)
@ ben day funnily enough, there's a few things to do........
@creator sure has gone quiet since the bucks were coughed up...
@ian checked it out. its separate dvds i had bought, not a box. the american folk blues festival volume 1 to 3 and the british tours 1963-1966. so 4 dvds. if there are any more i am happy to get my wallet out :). blind willie johnson! now we are talking. no matter your tastes in modern music, you can always take it back to these beginnings. it gave elvis his career too.
@gary  love the jlh period when he played with bottle tops screwed to his shoes. groundhog blues...
@gary   decided to be my other self for a while... that sounds like a video set? i have something similar on cd along with a few hundred delta blues and folk albums. am also a backer of the ks project about the songs of blind willie johnson. should get the vinyl and cd versions and a plectrum made from a piece of floorboard from the remains of his house. sounds unlikely and ordinarily i would not bother with suchlike, but blind willie johnson a towering figure for me.
@ian kendrick i have a john lee hooker signed programme from that period. also on the bill were the groundhogs. cool thing is, tony mcphee taught john how to sign his name. i believe john could write before then, but tony had him practice and practice on it.
@ian kendrick....that video is one of my favourite pieces from the box set of the american folk and blues. if anyone doesn't have it it will floor you. check out the extras, earl hooker from 1969.
@gary    she was remarkable. i have a box set of hers and a couple of individual items. you can tell that she was well past her prime in the video but her playing is still immaculate. times change, the struggle continues. is odd that whenever we look back we think we are doing well in the present, and then when you look back again you can see how far we had and have to go. a long road.
@ian kendrick re rosetta tharpe when you watch that youtube video, it puts it in perspective that she was at that time going through a personal crisis. this was a few  years after she got married, but she was 'gay'. (i don't like that term !). at that time it could kill your career. her wedding i believe was a huge affair in a football or baseball stadium. she did not have an easy life. that video was her swan song more or less as when she went back to the us things took a real down turn and she spent a long time bedridden before the end. very sad that she couldn't live her life openly as she wanted, considering that now no one cares about such things.
@jim i still have a very well cared for isle of white programme. it's a large thing, more like a large format booklet. that's one i keep safe and always will. jimi's last appearance - was it really so long ago? hearing 'people, hell and angels' last year brought it just home what we lost when he went. they don't make them like that any more
hey dan.  as i've not posted thrice to ponopeople i cannot send you a message.   my name there is mzungu
@gary.... the blues tours.  sister rosetta tharpe in manchester singing didn't it rain. always blows people away, especially hen she starts playing at around 01.40. great stuff... https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@jim humphry i love hearing stories like that thanks for sharing...inspiring stuff. there are so many things that happen in life that can be a real challenge and it's moments like those that make all the troubles fade away. love the stories all keep it up. respect xd
hey, i was 16 and it was close on 40 years ago :)
@ jim wow, beautiful story. thanks for the share. not sad that we're from around the world. this is living john lennon's dream and making peace around the world. i live mainly in haifa israel and i love its multi culture. i have switched to pub and small venue music. i see the artists and feel connected. hadara levin areddy (on jango and bandcamp) a rickee lee jones style favorite. at my first ever gig, my gf of 15 shared her world experience:"it's over, only when the audience lights come on." we cheered through 2 encores including a glorious cover of 'got to get you into my life'. altogether a 3.5 hour set by chicago. nothing since has ever quite touched me like that first time (nor the rear seat of a tiny honda civic on the way home :) )
@jim - that sounds like a plan! pm on ponopeople to sort out details. i am facethesun there.
here are the tour dates.  http://www.neilyoung.com/tour.html
all done with the surveys - fun with famous names on backers page such as: the bear ( augustus owsley stanley iii ) i know i'm not alone on this one !
lads, it was all over for me when i saw the jam and the clash on their 1st usa tours...
hey guys! i received the survey to tell you my shipping adress, the thing is, i'm probably going to move before october. should i fill it out now and let you know the adress change, or should i wait untill i know the new adress?
thanks robert, gary, frog legs and dan.   we are a community stretched across this world and the sadness is in not usually being able to meet.  dan, i see you're in vancouver.   we should tip a jar at the portland craft on main sometime.  it's practically my local.
@jim h - that was one awesome story. thanks for sharing it. :)
@gary craig i think you should get something extra special for your suggestion on the clear pono. so excited to have that choice.  the decision of which le to get was to many.
@ robert the last 2 crazy horse shows i have seen in scotland, i managed to get the barrier both times. watching neil from 6 or 7 feet away blew my mind. have to go to bed, goodnight guys.
@robert i have been to all neil shows in scotland bar the 2 he did in the 70s. its only a handful. would have loved to have seen the electric solo tour he did of the us a couple of years ago. still, i am sure neil can make it up to me with a signed pono for my clear idea...pretty please?????
@jim don't know that 1, but sounds really cool. buddy gave an educational masterclass in glasgow a few years back. gave us a talk on the greats of blues and then played verbatim as they played. that was really special.
a concert coming this summer i believe in uk and europe is neil young and crazy horse.  would really like to see that one.  i think there are only a few venues in the us.
just looked for my stash of music dvd's but can't find.  i remember one with buddy guy blazing away on a small stage only a foot or so off the ground with a young jimi hendrix standing a couple of feet away.   from master to master.....
@gary craig i only say that because in my travels in the uk and europe i saw a few bands that don't seem to tour here as often.
@robert mais get your meaning, but isn't that great when you live in scotland and kate bush does a uk tour of 15 dates in london....that unfortunately, is the norm. bands don't tour, fans do.
i think that people in the uk and europe are very lucky in that it seems many bands would rather tour there than in the us.  one that comes to mind even today is golden earring.
have seen buddy many times. a true professional. its good in the uk that you can watch a young buddy in the american folk and blues tours that were done during the 60s. playing on the same bill, as a young man,  as muddy, rossetta tharpe, sonny boy williamson, john lee hooker, sonny terry and brownie mcghee, etc
@gary craig i do remember buddy guy played before bolin.  not many people were interested in either one, but i had heard of tommy bolin and was in awe throughout the entire set.  actually liked buddy guy as well.
@ robert mais met glenn hughes a couple of times. he was obviously very close to tommy. he gave me the tommy bolin biography with his signature and inscription, that i still have. glenn can be a saint or sinner according to some, but i have found him to be very approachable and kind.
@gary craig i saw tommy bolin at one of the 5 all day concert's here in denver.  he was actually an opening act for the other 5 or so bands.  i am not sure if it was with candy givens though.  have to wonder what could have been.
@jim, the "freedom" comment catches in my throat here because this pono launch is about as close as "we" can get to some amazing folk accomplishing - art level audio - which is what i call it! i am consistently reminded of the intimacy here in posts like yours & shared among all of us lucky enough to have a hand it all of pono's launch :) and also sadly aware that this is as good as it gets for us here on this little forum. ponomusic will sell millions of these players [ yea a whole lot of players ] john hamm is a pro as is neil and they started this against the wind ! now it is a slam dunk success with the kickstarter launch. what would you do with 6m and change ? my guess is invest it and borrow the working capitol to launch this in a major way ! example of growth arrived in a recent email returned from support@ponomusic.com to my inbox which reads & appears to be very sterile / kind outsourced to india sterile [ just different from all of the @creator replies here ]  i guess what i want to say here in response to you taking your mom in a wheelchair to a rock concert is wow!!! you are some dude !!! enjoy this forum people "we are the pono world" at least for this very groovy moment at any rate.:) long live pono :)
@robert mais of any artist i have never seen, tommy bolin is probably at the top of the pile. really jealous. was it solo or with candy givens?
@jim humphry that leonard cohen dvd, i also bought when it first came out. one of my favourite dvds. truly awesome. saw the great man last year in london, he was jaw droppingly good. genuinely had hairs standing up on my arms..
@robertmais @richheart i couldn't live without seeing live bands. as well as last nights thati mentioned i have temperance movement tomorrow, (friday), night at qmu glasgow. have followed this band from pubs and clubs, now making waves in the uk.£12 for a ticket.  like i said, great music available for peanuts if you look. best concert i have had is probably jethro tull at a gymnasium near edinburgh many moons ago. have seen many great rock bands, but first concert i had tickets for was bill haley, in irvine scotland. he took ill and cancelled. biggest deal was the zeppelin reunion with a great view straight on the stage.
@douglas l adams thanks for the explanation.  @jim humphry. that is one phenomenal journey/experience!
@robert mais, my tablet will double or triple post if i turn it off, then back on later and refresh the page. this is the only site that happens on. everyone, the music stories are great.
i hitched across canada with a buddy, flew from montreal and got to england in july 1970.  we started hearing about a grand event and ended up on the isle of wight about a week before the music started.  my buddy decided to go home the day after we got there and i talked my way into a job with the festival and received a back stage pass.  i left my tent, pack and sleeping bag in a field and spent the rest of the festival watching/listening to the who, hendrix, the doors, cohen, joni, miles davis, sly and the family stone, family,& on & on from on stage or 10 feet in front of it.  they fed me from time to time, i can't remember sleeping much and when richie havens closed things out with a hypnotic rendering of 'freedom' as the light came into the sky, my sleep deprived young soul was kind of dazzled.  he walked to the side of the stage, still strumming and singing and i approached him to try to say what he'd done to me and shake his hand, but he threw his arms around me and bear hugged me for about two minutes.   over the previous toe days, i'd checked on my tent and my pack and then my sleeping bag gone.  on this last day, the tent was gone as well, i picked up what i remember as less than 10 quid as my pay and a few of the posters and began the trek off the island with only what i was wearing.  i still have one of the posters.  i've never felt so free as i did in those next days and i've spent the rest of my life accumulating shit.  picked up the cohen isle of wight dvd a couple years ago and found myself square in one of the crowd pans.                best concerts?       van morrison at the edmonton folk festival in 2010.  i took my mom who was in a wheel chair and saw an amazing, note perfect 90 minutes from 20 feet off the side of the stage.     then the next year, lyle lovett and his large band with an absolutely perfect performance from the hill about 100 feet in front of the stage. music has been a major part of my life and getting involved with pono and following this feed from the start has been a blast.   thanks to everyone who's pitched there thoughts and ideas here and thanks to neil & company for floating this boat.    still raining, still dreaming...
@richheart as i recently retired, i am a much more into mellow yellow.
@robert no problem, just winding you up :)
@benjamin marsh probably wishfull thinking on my part.
@robert, the initial fulfilment of the posters and tshirts is for june.  i will be surprised if the hardware is ready before oct.
@richheart sorry about the double post.  as that was the first time i don't have a clue how that happened.
@robert i'll answer both your last posts together: i have no idea. i still have no idea  :)
perhaps i am reading to much into this, but in the last update the ponomusic team mention working on the fullfillment process. i thought that there were design aspects to be done.  have to wonder if they are so far ahead that pono's will be shipping much earlier!
perhaps i am reading to much into this, but in the last update the ponomusic team mention working on the fullfillment process. i thought that there were design aspects to be done.  have to wonder if they are so far ahead that pono's will be shipping much earlier!
@james/dona you can access the your survey response within the kickstarter web page.  log in with the account details, for the survey. go to the pono page and scroll down 'til you see your pledge shaded in yellow. at the bottom right of that yellow shaded area should be a tab in blue, directing you to your survey
i have attempted for three days to respond to the request for shipping details.  each and every time i get a glitch box numbered 404.  please advise.  dona bergin, 917-826-8233
@richheart when i got totally hooked on europe after studying painting in southern france, i would take one month of my vacation and stay in one country or do kamikaze tour is several day's in a country and the move on.  saw the deep purple in amsterdam but just missed black sabbath in rotterdam the following week.  the only band i can honestly say i must find a way to see.
sony have just announced a new home cinema lineup with a focus on high res audio (24/192 flac and dsd support) and are partnering with best buy in the us to promote high res audio. hopefully that means we'll see plenty of sony published artists on the pono music store.
@robert yup, didn't try for tickets for the stones. i pretty much always think albums sound better than the sound at concerts. still the live atmosphere is something!  i've been to enough concerts in the 70's and far less frequently since.  last year i was in barcelona when bayern were there to play the 2nd leg (leading 4-0), the price of tickets were 800 euro each (i'm partially sighted so i need to be fairly central in order to see anything). so we sat in a pub with the locals and had a great meal for while watching it on tv.
@richheart don't go to concerts anymore as they tend to cost around $150-300 for one ticket.  last concert was the rolling stones and that was almost $500.
@robert my only disappointment with the chicago x concert was that they didn't do 'wishing you were here." (backing vocals on the recording - the beach boys) a couple of years later they appeared with the beach boys warming up for them. the beach boys joined them on stage for an encore of 'wishing you were here.' i didn't get to see that though.
looking forward to here chicago and marshall tucker on my pono.
@robert i bought 'street survivors' on lp the day after it came out in london. after the plane crash (a few days after the lp's release), the album was withdrawn and re-released with the band photo on an all black background. the original became quite collectible until they then re-released the original cover.
the eagles are the first band i had all the albums of. chicago was the best live set i ever saw. (hammersmith)
@gary craig actually i was lucky enough to see tommy bolin at one of these all day concert venue's in denver.
@richheart not sure why, but when i mention to people about seeing the original skynyrd they say the same thing.  the eagles would have been a favorite concert of mine to see.  i seem to have more of there music than almost any other band.
@robert...  ooh, so jealous man :) the outlaws and skynyrd were two of my biggest misses. won lottery tickets to the eagles at wembley in april 77 (hotel california tour). only 25% got tickets. 3 friends and i had a real riot. whilst waiting to go in, some people offered us 100 quid for our 5 pound tickets (had we taken the money, i'd have forgotten years ago, what i'd spent it on - taught me to go with my heart :) )
....ears are way sore though.....
@ richheart @robertmais same tour i was thinking of. i know the skynyrd and the outlaws sets are available from la. don't think i have heard the denver 1. think i have some tommy bolin from denver around then though. @robert mais i have cut back on concerts over £50 in uk. loads of good bands that are way cheaper. saw uncle acid and the deadbeats last night in glasgow. great band, great gig, £11. bargain.
@richheart not that it matters much but i was at that concert.  skynyrd was also one of the acts.  back then an all day concert was common, and there would be 5 or more really good bands.  amazing that $20 could get you a ticket in for all day.
@o'boogie that would be great, sure i could do that too.... how can i contact you? i don't think i can message u directly on kickstarter,,
@gary it is from denver colorado, an 8 song set 23 july-75. just very clean and easy. less confused than the "bringing it back alive" double album that was released just after the skynyrd plane crash.
this is great ! only three hours left :) since pono has completed funding this should be a no-brainer or a full-on-brainer ;d https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/804442218/light-painting-dvd…
@richheart would that be the live recording from when they backed up skynyrd in california?
@ian awwww :( i just put on "green grass and high tides." from a live recording from 1975, sublime :)
@ians - i keep seeing gollum poking his head around the tree as you do that.
yep, i can...
i can talk to myself...
yep. just checked in with my other account to complete the second form - the one that gave error 404. works fine. oh, this is ian kendrick... the picture isn't. isn't kate bush on an orgone generator either...
@nathan a. i included simon & garfunkel as one of my suggestions. others included bruce springsteen, alicia keys and two newer acts, first aid kit (http://youtu.be/pa3xoakbgto) and the rumer (http://youtu.be/hwvnqesb4fi).
@travisstyle remember they will sound great on a pono no question about it and amazon wil likely let you return them or you can send them to the guy here that wants everyone to spend several hundred dollars for headphones just because
@travisstyle, try the mcdonald's headphones.:)
@tjc, remember these ? http://www.amazon.com/yamaha-rh1c-portable-headphones/dp/b00000jbhp/ref=sr_1_12… i ordered a $9.99 pair from amazon as a goof [ they soooo suck ] zero zero zero base!!! but the headset cord is about a yard long and it came with an extra jack [ string-cans ] thanks tjc !
@carlos, thanks i'll do the survey via each account - all eight of em :) @jon-marius, i know your idea about the battery is a good one - what pono ends up building could reflect a removable battery [ which i too believe is better than sending it in for replacement after it has moved passed the recharge threshold ] so i am thinking along the lines of the standard pono player up for sale in 2015. if it is reasonable i will buy one or two and "hack-it" into submission which would be the necessary modification to add the end screw plate [ not very difficult really ]
if you are having problems with 404 codes all you have to do is log out of your current ks account and log into the ks account for the specific reward you need to fill a survey on.  the issue with the email link that i found was that i was able to link up the 1st time ok, but after that i had to log in at ks for each of the others.  that worked and i filled out my surveys just fine :)
i also put interchangeable batteries on my surveys
it would be awesome to have removable or changeable batteries on the pono, it looks like you will be using the 18650 batteries witch is being used everywhere right now!  just an small screw cap or something on the bottom part of the pono where the battery is located or an backside cover to reach the battery would be nice.  then when someone  manage to make an new and longer lasting 18650 battery the pono will last even longer! :d
just received two replies from comments i made to support@ponomusic.com. nice to have em after a few days... they answered my questions ok but the answers felt like some "outsourcing" might have begun - i expected it ! pono is growing ! long live pono ! now how to fill out the survey ... after the dust settles i'll give it a try .
awe, can't edit my survey response, wanted to add simon and garfunkel to my list of signature series suggestions.
@tjc use each browser you used to pledge...it works a treat.
error code 404 just do nothing they wont be able to send anything out until they fix it. they made the survey to complicated i suspect i tried once when they get it fixed ill try again no more wasting time on it. they wont ship for several months anyhow
i met elvis costello last night after his sydney concert. forgot to ask him what he really thought of the pono!
just saw my comment was featured on the final ny thank you...over the moon.
@carlos i tried the roof thing you suggested but it does not work. use the browser you pledged with for each account....works a treat.
@all, i loathe advertisements on the internet ! ads are worse than a bucket of festering trolls to me so please know i posted this - fainting goat link - to @everyone is waiting to get there pono on ;{)  http://barnyardbuddies.co/photos-video/bybfg-tv-fainting-goat-web-cam -  before the link went commercial - the advertisements linking junk to ads has become so screwy ?? it is nothing but greed & poor taste / think of pepsi or coke painting their logo on the side of a "live bull" about to be slaughtered / speared to death in spain by the "matador" & you might get a part of how it feels to be constantly tricked into the "internet advertisement market bait-n-switch which is a bigger budget now than all tv" the major players have stolen our zeal to explore new links believing we will put up with it ! i made a mistake posting the link above - i watched it for about five minutes without any advertisements - so please just know i tried to keep it funny - but mama bucks dollars monster corporate global greed got my goat :(
*404 error codes* if you run into these error codes, climb on the roof of your dwelling, point your devices towards sanfrancisco and chant loudly and with passion..pono me pono me pono me 3 times, then try.  if that does not work climb down before law enforcement and neighbors with white jackets come to get you and try my earlier post.
*404 error codes*  if you run into a 404 error code when trying to process your survey from the link on the email pono sent you, don't try from the email link.  log into your ks account for the specific survey you need to fill out.  each reward/pledge has a separate/specific account.  once logged in, go to the pono backed project and you will see the yellow bar requesting you fill out the survey.  it can be done from your ks account, and corrections  made as well.  i had to do it this way for several of my pledges yesterday.
used a different browser and my second le went through on the survey.
@dana, way to go! @everyone is waiting to get there pono on ;{) http://barnyardbuddies.co/photos-video/bybfg-tv-fainting-goat-web-cam
@christmachine thanks...did that and waiting a reply.
@dennis lane  i did not have personal experience of this but posts here last night there were a bunch of people that did. i would contact creator & the pono team about that. it seems that people with more than one account are encountering the same problem.
@creator. for future signature series players would it be possible to have the buyers name engraved on the player? would make a great  personalized gift! :)
i got the survey and filled it out for my first le, then went to fill it out for my second le, and keep getting a 404 error. anyone else have this problem?
@wonder bread the "a letter home" was talked about in different places for months.....it was supposed to be released in march. i should be getting my copy on friday or saturday.
@douglas l adams yes this happened to me also.
@douglas it is a summary of your survey. it's totally normal :)
a question about the survey. i filled everything out, including the address multiple times. today there is an email telling me how i answered the survey and what was pledged. is this normal? nothing ever said i was done filling out the survey the night before. if this is wrong  i will have to try again. thanks  for the help pono people
i wonder when those music pre-orders are coming to the pono store
tian, i'd probably do that for you. but i'd need to get a partial payment up front because that shipping is going to cost a lot.  let me know.
would anyone here  be willing to receive my pono and forward it onto my address in the uk? i would of course reimburse all costs and the effort involved..
yeah, i had to wait 3 weeks for him to get better. was worth the wait
but hurting his back and demoing twice, wow keen.
@dan wellcome  pm me at ponopeople if you are planning a trip
@rich - invite me over for a listen, i am sure to enjoy it. :)
i remember the scene, great movie. speaking of movies and talking heads i just watched one with mr byrnes in it with sean penn called this must be the place. anyway the deuvals are great for film too in short, agreed.
@dan sorry it was gauche.
@jdc i use my tv screen as a 46" computer screen and the deuvels become monitors. right now i'm listening to talking heads - little creatures. watching movies with them is tremendous too. when i was trying them out, i played the scene from kill bill 2, where she's banging on the inside of the coffin lid... sort of buried the argument  :)
@rich - i was looking on the siltech site the other day. i can't imagine the lifestyle one must lead where their products are a serious consideration. not a criticism...just a different world.
@jdc yeah, and a really nice guy. he demoed in my home, twice. the first time i was less than sold on them. i put back my cambridge s30's and then realised what i'd be turning down. poor guy hurt his back, carting the carton. anyway we spent a good deal of time enjoying music together.
capacitor keep posting man, your input is great and needed. rich - that price you paid for the deuvals is awesome
@capacitor just function at whatever capacity suits you *grin take care, cop-u-later
i enjoy reading these postings. i guess i'm considered a troll by some, for whatever reasons. i'll sill periodically read these post, but won't post anymore. i've been a supporter of this project, from the beginning. also, i've been a audiophile for many years, and a electronic engineer. anyway, take care.
@jdc i guess in the comfy chair, i just didn't feel my leg being pulled :)
being facetious sorry
@jdc i do love the deuvels, i play to their strengths (and their beauty) by using them in the lounge and for a/v. i was just surprised to see them classed with something costing around 15x the price. @capacitor siltec toslink between the mac and the naim. audioquest cinamon toslink between the cable box and the naim. cat 7 cables between the modem and the router and between the mac, naim and router. standard usb 3 cable between the hard drives and the mac (used as a nas).
you picked up the pricing issue, lol. i have heard both and the deuvals are great
@richheart @ jdc what cables do you use for power, speaker, interconnects, etc?
slightly different pricing .. ahem i picked the deuvel's up second hand. for 500 euro
or the wilson sophia 3 when the time is right.
listen to them first they are amazing for casual listening and for a/v. they are not the last word in clarity. all in all they work great in the lounge. serious listening i use exposure 2010s/pro-ac response 1s
the rega is nice, the deuvals are something i have wanted for a while now.
i have great memories of it. i graduated via a-r cambridge a60, rega planar 2, linn kan's .... wow, i'm sorry i let the kan's go. very happy now though with naim unitiqute 2, deuvel planets
http://www.ebay.com.au/itm/vintage-pioneer-pl12d-turntable-vinyl-record-player-with-stanton-cartridge-/360909453367… http://www.ebay.com.au/itm/sansui-model-221-am-fm-stereo-receiver-nice-/151278854267… http://www.ebay.com.au/itm/jim-rogers-jr149-black-open-cell-acoustic-grill-foams-0-5-thick-cut-to-fit-/221416816835…
@jdc the system mentioned is, alas, no more. i loved it as a teenager though.
@richheart - agree, i can't say i saw bands in the 70s as the whole embryo issue but that is where i gain most musical inspiration. elton/taupin wrote some absolute classics.  i have a lower end sansui a-80 which i love and has provided me years of fantastic service, although most would disagree and say go an au-sansui.
@jdc i have some music that i recorded onto cassette from my lps in about 1976. transferred these to mp3 @128kb/s (to save hard disk space) in 2001... i wish i had better sq but i still love the music and can't get it now. then of course i've just the 40th anniversary edition of goodbye yellow brick road hi-res at the other end of the scale. music has it's own magic. i reckon most of the concerts i saw in the 70's, when the bands i loved were at their peaks, had sound systems that my pioneer pl 12d,  sansui 221 and  jr149's put to shame.
@richheart - still listening to a lot of music and a a lot of new stuff too. i guess ipod classic can be credited as well for getting people back into music all those years ago. i am glad pono and other companies are addressing the 'quality issue' of digital music though.
@benjamin i see no problems :) just enjoying the ride
same problems here rich, has been a terrible avenue for procrastination since i made my pledge reading up on hardware, music etc. october is just so far away now though...
the pono campaign has got me: listening to more music questioning the quality of the music i'm listening to. listening on headphones - as opposed to room sound system. upgrading headphones and buying an interconnect (for the pono), chatting with some really good people on here. excited about the pono on it's way to me and the pono musicstore.
@tian i am sure most people on here are trustworthy. perhaps you can find someone traveling to the uk? i also considered seeking the same but concluded that i would rather get it direct from pono, even with the additional duties etc.
is there anyone on here who i can trust to send my pono to who will then send it on to me in the uk?
i'm looking into, "cans", over-the-ear, and was wondering if anyone is familiar with the aiaiai tma-1 headphones? any suggestions would be great.  is there a difference in noise-canceling vs. non noise-cancelling headphones?
@jdc thanks for that, worked fine. @ wc greetings to you as well !
to all be careful when adding forms to the kickstarter. the second form i just filled recommended an address totally different from first form, ( and different from my address).. make sure you read the default recommended address, otherwise your reward may go on a world tour before it goes back to pono, and hopefully you.
hi wc
farm aid player would be cool along with a bridge school player. how about a pegi young & the survivors player?
*but then went back....
@ian  @jdc thanks  i think that will obviate your need (ian) to contaminate your mac with anything microsoft.  btw i too am new to mac and miss foobar et all. i tried parallel 8 but that went back to a true mac. i run jrmc and do my cd ripping on my pc.
@gary craig, you and i both! :).
@wc i have asked for image of crazy horse player a couple of times. was told they didn't have the time to upload it. think maybe it hasn't been finalized, and hope it has logo and signatures, fingers crossed!
those getting the 404 message just sign into your different kickstarter account and follow the prompts, don't click on your email web link.
rodrigo y gabriela player and music. also as someone already said - kansas would be great!
also, @creator, can we get a sneak peek at the crazy horse player?
@gary craig, @richhart, @ian kendrick, @gustavo, nice to see you here. :)
count me in!  i was asked twice for my address but that did not stop me!  i went ahead and entered it twice and it seemed to work.  i was also asked this question. which artists would you like to see signature series players from in the future? first nations/native american inspired player, neil young and the blue notes, blue player, neil and the shocking pinks, pink player, neil young, green greendale player, neil young & the stray gators player, rust colored pono player, bernard shakey player, silver & gold player....could go on forever.....can't wait for october....looking at calendar...... hoping that the pono store will be up and running before then so i can pre-order all of neil's albums!
...delete spelling mistakes as required :)
@ian kendrick the molten gold anthology is pretty good. have kossoff at corydon '75 cd. that is a bit patchy. songs of yesterday box i love. was disappointed in the isle of wight dvd, as most is dvd audio. the backstreet crawler, by that time kossoff was in a very bad way. the new boxset, if rumours are to be believed, is very expansive, ( and probablt expensive?). have managed to keep my hands off the small faces boxset these last few months, even though i got it when it came out. waiting for my birthday and time off.....
@richheart   is odd. am a recent convert to maccery and i find myself loathe to put anything on it that is pcish. pretty much the only software that makes it crash is microsoft. will have to think very carefully.....
@ian i am also using a mac (mini) you can download chrome (which is my default browser for the mac) or firefox - which as o'boogie so wonderfully taught us; includes the ability to add a plug-in called check4change, which updates when specific text on a webpage changes (useful for catching dropped pledges).
@gustavo. that would be good.
thanks for you answers guys! so in the second field "what is your shipping address?" i should write again my address separated by commas, right?
@richheart a different browser you say? i suspect that would mean using a pc. i have safari and that's about it. could clear cache but would not want to lose all of the stuff i regularly use.
those of you getting error 404, try using a different browser or going into settings and clearing the cache of the browser you used.
@gustavo  i am english and i did not understand it either. i just put 'as above', which seemed ok. when i pressed 'send' or 'submit' it then suggested another address - i think it was the one from amazon. i let it use that.  hope this helps.
@gustavo your question is not stupid. i have no idea why we are asked twice for the address. billing is through kickstarter so this is delivery address. in short, i just filled out my details twice.
hello there! im filling out the survey but i have a question. when they ask in the first field "shipping details", do i have to write the address where i want the item to be sent, correct? but when they ask below "what is your shipping address?" do i have to write again the address where i want the item to be sent? sorry if the question is stupid but im not from the states and english is not my language. thanks!
@gary oddly not that impressed by back street crawler. which probably shows just how good the rest of free were. and bad co didn't do it for me either.
@gary too right. the box set i have (5 cds) is songs of yesterday and the fire and water is a japanese sacd. they sound very good so the quality of the master tapes seems ok it seems. and the original vinyls sound great too. every time i see koss i cannot believe how he plays 6 strings with his entire being but distills it down to so very few notes. the exact opposite of 'lets fit as many notes in as we can and show how clever we are" approach. less is indeed more sometimes it seems.
@ ian kendrick judging by pono form, they are bringing out other artist signature series ponos, ( ponii), what about a free or koss pono? i would have genuinely went for one.
@gary - same story for me for two forms. first one fine, second one error 404
@gary  turns out a friend i met on fb went to see one of the talks by david kossof about paul and has a signed book by him. said it was a very moving talk by david. especially difficult for him to talk about paul, given the cause of his death. but he really squared up to it. hats of to david eh? this from wiki: "following kossoff's death his father, actor david kossoff, established the paul kossoff foundation which aimed to present the realities of drug addiction to children. kossoff's father spent the remainder of his life campaigning against drugs, touring a one-man stage performance about the death of paul and its effect on the family."
anyone else getting problems sending their second form in to kickstarter. my first went ok, second is coming back with error 404. tried a few times. don't know if 1 form does all pledges? maybe pono/ creator could let us know on this forum??
@ian kendrick remember david kossoff went round schools after his son died. i was only young  when paul died, so only connected to free retrospectively. my sister went to see them in glasgow. agree paul was unbelievable talent. just missed out on a signed free live album a few days ago, signed by all below their 'stamps'. was not overjoyed!!
ha ha typo is: "whether or not... or not" a double negative, or not? :)
kansas (first 4 albums), the outlaws (first 4 albums including live), lynyrd skynyrd, pure prairie league, little feat  would all sound so great remastered. whether or not they are l.e. or not is less of an issue. i don't really care if i get black/yellow/shiny chrome or clear so long as the sound is awesome.
concerning the survey, only the address as mentioned by kickstarter (field name + address) can be changed.  the field "what is your shipping address?" is considered as final.  is it possible to take this into consideration when shipping (in case people move by delivery date)?
neil's vinyl ... did i miss something :) http://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-2610850/hes-beyonc-neil-young-follows-r-b-legends-lead-dropping-surprise-album-available-vinyl.html
@oboogie thanks so much. comfortable?  the pads look luscious.
@all it will sound amazing.
definite positive energy on these posts, and some very good ideas i hope pono is listening to. good vibes all around. neil has pulled it off, so far, which is incredible. i was a little skeptical a few years ago when i first heard about it. since he has been my favorite musical artist since teenage years (long time gone), this entire plan resonates perfectly. yea, 'fanboy', to use the vernacular....
@rick gregory "i also hope ponomusic has a "request your group/music" thingy on their website, when it finally gets up." +1
@christmachine  thanks, i just hope ponomusic will be able to get a lot more than hdtracks,..., has woefully got. i guess if anyone can do it, it'll be mr. ny. that reminds me. i want "captain beyond" -i hope they can get those original masters, and at their highest quality possible, especially their 1st and best album.    ;)  i also hope ponomusic has a "request your group/music" thingy on their website, when it finally gets up.
@jamie indeed  elliot roberts = legend....with that said, thanks for stirring my mind what i would do for my idol = bill graham. but since he's passed i guess that's a no go :)
@cm - not to mention elliot roberts as well.
indeed,  or i would hope ponomusic, at the very least, would make a nice "howto-guide", so that prospective fans can try to contact the "owners" of that music, so as to request that ponomuic be allowed to (re)-sample the original master/recordings, for us all.  either way, ponomusic should at least "honestly" try to get a hold of these original masters,..., for us all.
@rick ...as creator said before pono, artists only had the "technical side" of the industry with neil and others getting the "business side" of the industry on board for whatever reason. the "technical side" has been on board for a long time now but it's the "business side" that stood in the way. as for lost, damaged, or stolen master tapes...they will have to go with the best they can get. as pono has said they will do quality control and that they will not release anything that does not sound excellent. nightmare yes probably but the only person possibly able to get them to do it is neil young!
i think 'logistical nightmare' is the operative term! it will be real interesting. finally checked out hdtracks, and as others have said, selection is limited. so, now that i'm real excited about the player, my interest now swings to the store and the music selection. what arrangements have been set with the major labels, what masters will be available, and how much will the artists have to say?  haven't been this excited about hearing good sound quality in a *long* time. makes me realize how i've slowly been washed down over the years, accepting convenience over quality.
..., 'talkin' about the classic groups, like faces, eno, armegeddon, ..., i wonder how ponomusic goes about trying to get these original masters,.. ???  it must be a logistical nightmare from a business perspective, to just get the rights to "re-master" them,... ?  i mean, can the "record-companies" stop this?, owners' of the music-rghts, ...,  ? it sure would be interesting to know.
i suggested jeff beck and robin trower, then stopped as i too thought of king crimson, brian eno, faces, stones, beatles, etc, etc. i simply decided i had to stop at two, and two i hadn't seen mentioned yet...
ah well, ...sooo, 7-1/2 months to go, until i finally receive my ponoplayer. -just sayin'. :)
i said i would like to see sixto rodriguez, bob dylan, led zep & u2.
i got my surveys done!  at first i filled out one from the email link.  all went well.  but then i tried the others from the email links and got 404 error codes.  so i went into the other ks accounts and was able to fill them out that way!
@peter, i have sennheiser momentums. they sound amazing. really beautiful, full sound, but not too bass heavy. give them a look for sure.
@dan sorry i misread your post..i thought you meant pono music store releases. anyway i still go with  pink floyd, rush, joni, & king crimson. thats for sure. 8]
@dan...interesting. pink floyd, rush, joni, & king crimson ...all yuuup. the metalhead in me wants to see megadeth's albums from killing to symphony & add youthanasia all remastered because hd track's and mustaine bricked them to hell. also ozzy osbourne - diary of a madman. yahooo
survey says! - which artists would you like to see signature series players from in the future? so....... unlimited limited editions? who did you put down? my list: rush pink floyd (that dsotm logo would be pretty cool) joni mitchell talking heads brian eno king crimson it could go on longer but then there would be nothing for you all to write. :)
@all i got prompted to fill out the survey here when i logged in. @peter i have no experience with those senns, go to this post annd check out the headphone meaurement data sheets .pdf on page 176 you'll get some technical measurements you can also use the find feature in the .pdf to find all other headphone measurements. http://www.christmachine.com/hd-tracks/next-up-a-fresh-playlist-essential-reading-post/ the link is in the essential reading post. also beck – “morning phase” the review: my process ~ vinyls vs. digitals cd/hd tracks…pono music store release review will be added to this when applicable. here: http://www.christmachine.com/ new: siteinfo, videos, playlist #5, dj mixes as well as the headphones datasheets .pdf enjoy!
finally they sent the survey not sure the reason for all of the address entries hope it gets to the right place
of course the thank you's are supposed to be on the website in april....so they need to get the names and the ones that don't want their names published
anyone have experience with sennheiser momentums?   they look really cool and comfortable. i'd love to hear first hand reports.
@ dana - that's what i thought too. i mean everything must be good to go with the players in terms of manufacturing them all. i think making an october send-out was just a bit of security in case anything came up.
maybe they sent the survey out early because they're going to be shipping early!!!!!???!!!
hey guys, hope everyone is still excited about pono in october, i can't wait!  i had some issues with the survey page and wrote pono, i'm sure it will be answered/resolved.  as you may or may not know, i back a few campaigns.  there is one i want to share with you guys...especially that it is earth day, and supporting this child in her campaign can make a life long impression.  anyhow, check it out, she is close and anyone that can help will put her over the top!  ty & happy earth day....i love mother earth :)  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1590111604/spots-the-tortoise-childrens-book-series-written-b
@charles:  i just got a topping vx 1 amp and polk monitor 30 speakers for my office.  combined price about 200 bucks and sounds amazing and will be pono ready!!!
@brent - i love a good double negative but i was getting a little peeved at submitting my address multiple times. perhaps they needed the flexibility for people who are gifting their rewards?
if the payment was through amazon, why is this survey necessary for delivery? is the one question worded incorrectly, should it say, "leave blank to be excluded from the list" (instead of "leave blank if you choose not to be excluded from the list”)? it has shipping details at the top and then shipping address, again, at the bottom.
i would like to request a section on recommended stereo equipment. i know this is primarily a portable player – but i would like to look at different packages to bring the audio into the den or office. i would also like to request different levels of price for those who are on a fixed budget. big thank you to the hard work of so many.
just messing around at the hdtracks website. i set my computer to allow for 192/24 playback and even through my phono output from my cheap computer speakers i could hear the difference between my cd version rs 12x5 and the hdtracks hirez version. the 176/24's sound extended further into the "air" with a sense of completeness and had more nuances in the instruments sound. not sure if i want to pay $30 bucks for it at this time :p
i had a quick listen to the first track on the hd sampler - vivaldi's (timely for us northerners) spring. it has some pretty good dynamic range and clear enough definition to hear the rosin grip the strings. i was missing that great rubbery thrum the cello's and basses bring but i was only listening on my nearfield monitors with no sub. later i will figure out how to get it from my studio to where the big sound system is and give it another go. overall a good first impression though....quite pleasing.
got the survey and now it feels real. also downloading the hd tracks sampler. a list of recommended hi rez recordings from you all would be appreciated for all of us who are new to this. the ones that are worth paying for the 192/24
just filled out my survey! i really hope pono makes it a requirement that all masters are set to the classical mastering standard to eliminate any loudness competition. higher resolution audio and better components and conversion are very important but right now poor mastering procedures are the biggest offender;)
for me the survey popped up on the website..... it looks like it went through ok
i also received my mail survey. i replied, a okay.
@ian - excellent...thanks! downloading right now and it was free with my registration so ++.
@dan here you go http://www.hdtracks.com/hdtracks-2014-sampler
@dan - the new 2014 hd sampler sounds pretty good. i think a url for it has been posted here, somewhere amongst these comments - anyone know any more?
@ian - i enjoy practically all music, although i can only take bluegrass in small doses. while it would be good to try something i am familiar with i don't see that as a requirement. i am looking for something with top notch production and recording. awesome performance wouldn't hurt either. :) cheers and thanks!
@dan - what kind of music do you like? a lot of the really high quality sounds are from middle of the road artists.
just tried to complete my two survey forms. first one went well - ny le plus uk shipping, second one - t shirt plus uk shipping - crashed and won't do anything other than error 404. will try again later.
i also just received my "where to send it" survey, and i *will* be moving before october, in fact probably in june. i do not yet have my new address. how long to i have to submit this, and if i submit with my current address how can i change it once i move?
does anyone have any examples of hi-res files known to be made from studio masters? something they feel is a shining example of what we might expect. currently i can play up to 24/96 and i don't mind spending $$ on something epic. thanks!
just received my survey from pono. i am not planning to change my address, but this is probably going to cause some problems, going out so early. they say, they will contact pledgers who've yet to pay the $15 overseas shipping, nearer to october. anyway ...
@gary  no. don't know any more than you do. i have the core albums on vinyl and remastered cd, which sounds very much better than the original releases. and a box set of out takes and alternative versions, which is a really nice thing. and a single hi res version of fire and water. kossof was a huge loss. never did a guitarist make so much from so few notes. tension like no other. his dad, david, used to tell bible stories on sunday night tv in the uk and we sniggered at him a bit. until paul died and he talked of his son with such love and admiration. big hearts, both of them. fraser was great too (every kinda people?) and rodgers still going very strong - he's just release what looks like a really good album.
@ian kendrick you mentioned free in your list of bands. any news on the promised mega boxset that is supposed to come out this year?
thanks. it helps a bit. still wouldn't mind a page system, and i have checked out ponopeople.org. not much every really happened there
@terence, one minute you're complaining about posts on religion, the next you're spouting forth about greek mythology.  where's the consistency?
@joel a lot of questions you may have have been answered on www.ponopeople.org
@joel https://www.kickstarter.com/profile/1003614822/comments
this site needs a page system for comments. if i were to try and find the first comments it would take an eternity! i missed out in the beginning of comments and would like to see them, within reason. some important questions have been answered by the pono team and i would like to see them..
@benjamin he (fripp) a very interesting bloke. married to toyah wilcox, which seems unlikely. one of my closest friends and collaborators for the last 20 years or so studied under j g bennett, as did fripp. that connection goes back 40 years or so. was evident in the king crimson days. i have some league of crafty guitarists stuff and his collaborations with eno and david sylvian, who i also rate.
@treatise love, love, love. all you need is love
fripp is amazing to watch play the guitar when he gets in to his groove
oh yeah and beefheart!!!  big on beefheart. as are many i know. would love troutmask on hi res and clear spot/the spotlight kid. the original cd releases sound crap whereas some of the tracks on the remastered mixer albums sound brilliant. they all sound ok on reissued vinyl, but not as good as i hoped they would.
@o'boogie - lots of stuff in the collection of the past 40 years. delta blues, english and american folk. there's jazz but only a smattering, not much 'classic' rock, doesn't do it for me. hendrix a biggie - i remember him arriving. free a band i really liked and still do. newer stuff includes things like durutti column, jake bugg, dirtmusic. lots of african and eastern european stuff as well as middle eastern. eno is a big thing and, bizarrely, i find myself working with fripp a little these days - but not music, education. never saw that coming. picked up a copy of fripp and eno's no pussyfooting, remastered on 180g vinyl on saturday too. loads of other stuff in there, some obscure, some not so.
ian, we'll have to talk music some more. sounds like you have fine taste, sir.
narcissism is the pursuit of gratification from vanity, or egotistic admiration of one's own physical or mental attributes, that derive from arrogant pride. the term originated with narcissus in greek mythology who fell in love with his own image reflected in a pool of water.
sound? what sound?
do you hear that sound? no, neither do i. hahaha. good times.
and right on time! lol
@ian, no you won't. you will need the last word. go ahead.... the keyboard calls. your hands twitch. actually, don't sweat it. your bff @oboogie will.
that's my plan, ian. not worth the trouble, frankly.
@terence you don't have any real answers do you? odd how some people get their kicks. i'll ignore from now on.
@ian. every reply is exactly as predicted. *yawn. send me your address, i will fedex you a ticket here. you will understand it when you see it.
@et tu ... waiting for pono :}) https://m.youtube.com/watch…
john, thanks! appreciate it. love mr. prine so much. ian, thanks, mate. poor soul. we should pity him. but we won't. ;-)
does anyone know if there is anything available by beefheart or kelly joe phelps in hi res? looked and can't find.
@terence. and what was your pledge as a backer?  i'm not  gatekeeper, just a member of this community since day one.
o'boogie, while you are here, i just wanted to turn you on to jim james (a.k.a. yim yames) playing all the best with john prine on letterman a couple of years ago. jim and my morning jacket have been on very many collaborative/tribute albums through the years. they played this song on the john prine tribute album, and jim did a few shows with john prine (i just remembered you had said you loved john prine several weeks ago). please give this a listen. http://youtu.be/e-p8sp2rn1c
$50.84 on amazon to preorder on vinyl :/  i hope that goes down.  i do not even own a record player anymore but am tempted to buy a copy just to have it.
@terence am very happy for you. which you clearly are not with yourself. happy people don't behave the way you do. they are kind to others. and they don't congratulate themselves either. why do you feel the need to do that? maybe you will learn that in time. your posts are also rather illogical, as well as condescending. walks like a troll, quacks like a troll, looks like a troll.... @o'boogie has you sussed mate.
@oboogie. it's a library actually. #jealousmuch @oboogie and @ian. who made you two the gatekeepers here again? must have missed @creator's post on that one....
anyway, glad to hear about amused to death. thanks, benjamin.
hells yeah. 200-gram double lp and hybrid multichannel sacd 24th sept just in time to be ripped for pono playing assuming it will not be on the pono store as well.
exactly what i expected. we are dealing with someone with a magazine rack full of issues. troll. just ignore. bless his sad little heart. i *almost* feel sorry for him. not quite.
@ian. not american either. nice try. keep it up. i don't think you understand that i literally have zero to do today. or any day. markets are up today, sunny on the island, japanese whiskey in hand. life is grand. mate.
benjamin, you have just made my day! i had no idea roger waters was about to release a re-mastered version of amused to death. that is one of my all time favorite albums! do you know if it will be released on vinyl?
@terence i was at live 8, with my son. not a bad gig that.
@terence. so, please enlighten this narcissist as to the bands you listen to that i have never heard of. as for the first amendment, i guess you must be american. i ain't mate. our system is very very much older. but i will quote voltaire "i may disagree with all that you say, but i will defend to the death your right to say it". actually wasn't voltaire but hey. but, like many, i will tolerate anything apart from intolerance. and discrimination. is that the best you can do? insult people, talk down to them and not actually do anything constructive? really?
@benjamin. thank you for a music related post. finally. pf/waters on pono in hi res will be worth waiting for. i wonder if the magical two will be able to get along long enough to sign off on it. we shall see. still kick myself that i missed the live 8 performance. had tickets, a plane ticket, a room, but work took over. glad that is over with.
@ian. and last time i checked, first amendment. again, google.com
speaking of artists i had never heard of, or at least listened to.  the whole pono movement has worked out to be a great marketing tool for neil young as i'd never listened to his music and rather like a lot of his stuff now that i've done some digging. to be fair i had been very fond of a great cover of cortez the killer by dave matthews previously. my musical interests have historically been pink floyd/roger waters/king crimson etc.  very much looking forward to the remaster coming out shortly of amused to death and of course rogers long long long overdue rock album (perhaps the atd re-release is planned as a bit of pre-marketing for the new rock album)
@ian... and no comment about oboogie's attack on me? what a shock. back to watching the whales play outside my front yard. sorry i am not the person you want me to be. i am a herder, not the herd.
@terence - i see you make insults part of your language. lovely.
@terence, have looked back over your 28 comments to date, not including the last one. your tone is often somewhat aggressive and dismissive of others. no idea why, as it isn't very helpful. as for listening to bands i have never heard of. well, name them and i will let you know. but it is that kind of comment from you that gets people's backs up. i could say the same to you, but i have no idea what you may like apart from pj - just like you have no idea who i do or do not like. so please try not to be so condescending. why are they called pearl jam ....
@ian. and why make this about you as well? do i care that you were pledge #202? does anyone? again, look up narcissist in the dictionary if you have to. as for pj's name, the meaning is out there if you look hard enough.   google.com.
@ian. i wasn't the insulting one. maybe reread @oboogie's comment to me "i have better taste in music than you do." michael jackson, man in the mirror time. and you were right on time to defend her as well. same 5. same zzzzzzzz. (but thanks for helping me pass another day here in paradise as i listen to bands you have never heard of)
@ terence. been here since day one mate. posted lots of stuff answering questions about technology, headphones, rippers, flac, streamers, other daps, dacs, adcs, vinyl, cd blah blah blah. just generally helping out and addressing the trolls when they got too destructive. and am backer 202 for $460.  oh, and been helping out with ponopeople.org too, since that started. and communicating directly with the pono team about various matters. you? apart from being insulting that is? i already know more than zero about you, just by your stance on things. and i still don't understand why any one would call themselves pearl jam.
@boogie, why make this personal? i never once slammed you or your lack of makeup (who cares? and what am i supposed to say, good for you?) and since you know zero about me, you wouldn't know my taste in music other than one lone link i posted. it seems the narcissist in you thinks this was about you. wasn't there song written about that in the 70s? (hey, finally a music reference and one about sexual urination!) and yes, your reply was right on cue. please continue. i have nothing to do today but be totally fascinated with your witty repartee
terence, i haven't been here in days. i don't wear makeup. i have better taste in music than you do. have any more cliches  you want to roll out, hot stuff? give me a break.  talk about a snooze.
@benjamin hmmmm, golden showers could liven things up a bit lol
well discussion is likely to go around in circles a little over the next 6 months while we twiddle our fingers waiting for our golden shower of ponos....
go back and read the last 600-800 posts. it's the same lot of 5 of you holding hands staring at each other in a circle singing kumbaya. i am not the only to think this as this is not the only pono related online group. even the defenders are the same five. @oboogie there's no "whinging" going on here; simple pointing out of facts. next you all will be sharing recipes, makeup tips and bird calls.....at least that last one will have some musical ties to it. i know i know, haters going hate. zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz......
some people have been busy. if you find it so boring, terence, how about you find a new place to moan? we won't miss your whinging. buh-bye!
@terence. did you check out the little feat live flacs?  too busy belittling? bon appetite
and we are back.....no wonder the number of people posting have left in droves. boredom. add another to the list.
@ian that touched more than you know. tear-pricks at the back of my eyes. one of the proudest moments as a parent, was to hear that ben, my then, 10 year old, took a stick from a 12 y/o who was threatening two other, smaller children and then he threw the stick away.  i heard about it when ben asked me afterwards, if it was ok that he interfered? :) oh music.... ben asked me at the same age, what was the meaning of the lyrics of the song yellow, by coldplay. i told him to listen to them and he would understand (english is his second language). he replied that he had tried and that he still didn't. so i listened and i didn't either. so we googled the meaning and read it together and both cried :)
@richheart @terrence et al. i have not counted but i reckon that out of over 8000 posts here maybe 1% have been 'off topic'. far less than those from trolls and nay sayers. i once said nothing about a discriminatory remark. it was many years ago. i never forgave myself and took it as a lesson to stand firm whatever the consequences. the only thing needed for evil to succeed....
@wonder @ian and @terence  on zen, i read it in 1982 after buying it in 1978 and not getting past the first 2 chapters. when reading with music in the background, i found i didn't hear the music but i felt it's presence, made my world fuller. the side-track made this forum healthier. terence, i have less time for religion than almost anyone i know. i am nonetheless identified as a jew, by heritage.  i am proud that i took a stand, that others rallied and that we could return to discuss our love of hi quality music, without sweeping something disgusting under the carpet.
@eduard i now posted on the index page... it does seem rather lame at present.
@benjamin i smile as i too was beguiled by that article but as you say, it largely misses the point. pono is about the music sounding better, the promise of the founders is that it will.  those who chose to trust them, leaped in and pledged for a pono. the proof of the pudding will be in the listening. in the meantime, listen to the best mastered, highest resolution music you can get your ears on and ask yourself if you want more....  you may find you are in the right place :)
@richheart : i just keyed in my name (was already logged in as well) and could post. should ask kyle if the comments can be done like here. will send i private message later
http://people.xiph.org/~xiphmont/demo/neil-young.html i think this article is missing the point in many areas, and the pono system will be so much more than just a 24/192 bitrate.  interesting reading all the same though.\
ideally a chat should be chronological and easy to access, as here. in addition it should be searchable via keyword or contributor (contributor can be searched on here but without context).
@ian so i just went there, i was showing as logged in, (i am a moderator, too), but when i tried to enter the chat, it re-requested my login. had no record of my user or password (or email). i re-registered and then got error 404? :(
then let's start one!!!  if we migrate to there and stay there, it might happen. nobody here but us chickens...
i have repeatedly tried to see if we have conversations running on ponopeople, but there are many topics with few comments in each. if there were a chat page there, with searchable features, it would really take off
@eduard i use dbpoweramp. i like the way it compares the rip it does for you with others of the same album. best chance for bit perfect rips. and i also like some of their other software. like perfect tunes which trawls you library, recognises every track and then finds artwork for you if it is missing. and will also de-duplicate things from the collection. the way it handles meta data is good too. and it will find the hdcd layer if it is present and rip that too - i have maybe 25 hdcds, so that is really helpful to me. it has lots of other features which i don't use. is pc only at the moment, but mac version on the way. allegedly. am sure that other software does much of the same, but dbpoweramp seems to get a universal thumbs up.  is not free, but not expensive either. and worth it imho.
there is so much great and free flac stuff. https://archive.org/details/littlefeat and these two live sets especially: https://archive.org/details/lf1974-09-19.flac16 and https://archive.org/details/lf1976-05-31.sbd.unknown.127223.sbeok.flac16 if you are not familiar with the site, note that in each concert page there is a link to a torrent file. this enables downloading the whole concert in 1 click in various formats. enjoy
@ian : as for flac collection... i have ripped 2000cds and have a fair number of hi res flacs. i have started ripping my cd's as well and now i am wondering; which program do you use cq advise to use? i have used eac which seems to do a good job. any other/better ideas?
@terence  i understand what you say. this is also about community and community building. that means sharing things that are sometimes off topic and finding out who stands where on some issues. be patient with us. as for flac collection... i have ripped 2000cds and have a fair number of hi res flacs from various sources, including artists websites and from vinyl. as for pearl jam - not my thing really. often wondered why anyone would call themselves thus though?
@radek lang no. pono has no networking capability whatsoever. it will not connect to the internet.
will pono be somehow connected with last.fm, could i scrobble my music via pono? thanks
@ian thanks respect
how about we get back to music/pono and away from (zzzzzzz) religion. anyone want to start (or add to) their hi-res flac collection? pearl jam has tons of shows up for direct download for $19.95us per show. now at 27-30 songs per show on average that works out to a piddly 66.5 cents per! i can recommend two shows from the current tour as i was in attendance for both and both feature rare or hardly played tunes, with the vancouver show being very unique as it opened with oceans which was followed by can't keep and low light, three of their more melodic tunes. eddie thanked the crowd for indulging him as it had been weeks since they had seen the pacific (west to east back to west tour) and it motivated him to create this unique setlist. the second encore includes powerhouses go, do the evolution, black, alive, kick out the jams (mc5 cover) and lastly yellow ledbetter. this incredible sounding show (listen to it through audiophile quality headphones for a real kick in the butt) comes in at a hard drive busting 36 songs, or 55.5 cents per song. right, almost forgot, track 16 is the velvet underground's after hours as a tribute to recently passed lou reed. http://pearljam.com/bootlegs/22102/2013_bootlegs/22122/rogers_arena
@ian : the last line was not directed at you but at certain other people
@ian and others really : i have been checking this section as well as the ponopeople.org section and have noticed it has slowed down but that was to be expected. i am sure it will pick up again when it gets closer to october. i certainly hope that personal attacks and slurs will not happen again here or on the other forum because it turns me off and is imo not in the spirit of the pono campaign, again right next to the post comment button there is a very simple text, abide by it please
@richheart  last year jayne and i went to see the tailor of inverness. a one man show (mathew zajac) about the journey one man made out of poland during the second world war. they were forced to fight for opposing sides in the war. and then to iran where they were treated very well and then to the uk, finally to inverness in the north of scotland. for people like me, for whom the history of poland was never taught, it was a heart breaking revelation. as the play went on jayne and i were in tears because of the emotion expressed and the horror of the story. it became very real. we realised that it was not a play and the man was not an actor, it was his real life story and he was telling it, reliving it. he had no home land to which he could return, family and friends all gone. my main colleague, a professor at manchester, is of polish extraction. his grandfather also made that journey and is buried in iran, which they found to be a promised land where they were given a place to live. it all sounds dreadful. but then, they were the fortunate ones. they may have no homeland to which they can return, but they survived. respect. http://www.dogstartheatre.co.uk/the-tailor-of-inverness.html
all...  some of us advocated ponopeole.org and are moderators there. it was rounded on by quite a few here as vein a spam site. which hacked me off as i did not thick it was and neither did the pono team. last i heard they were looking to set up their own forum - no news on that yet? will take a look and see what's fresh. is a better way for dialogue as it is a forum rather than a serial comments section. mr persig's book.... as a lifelong biker (well, since i was 11), i read it many moons ago. "if you are in a car you see the landscape as a beautiful picture framed by the windscreen(shield). on a bike, you are in the picture".
@ david, i have the same concerns you brought up earlier. i hope that they specify all the info and most importantly explain that it is indeed from the real source
yeah guys...i think a lot of people were pretty wired to this place for the month and many crashed...lol j/k ...i wish people would move over to ponopeople.org as well...they even have the message feed on the front page similar to here. i get the feeling that people (except the people still here) are taking a little break since it's several months out till delivery. over time the message board will get real busy as it gets close to delivery time. we'll just have to be patient, i guess. 8]
i'm wildgift on pono people.  sadly it is pretty dead there. :-/
i'm darkstarflashes on ponopeople.org. maybe things will pick up soon.
@yoshinari - full of hi-res ingredients i'm sure =8) @john - i post there as facethesun as much as possible but it is very quiet over there.
i pledged nych and ff. just can't wait till october, so i made pono-looking-japanese omelet this morning...
a couple of quick things - why don't we all take the conversations to ponopeople.org instead of hanging around here all the time? i still come here to read and post a little too, but that forum was made for this. when i check on its activity, there hasn't really been any. if all of us (you guys) moved over to that forum, we could build a real and lasting community. this place is drying up, and it will go away completely as soon as the pono music players have been shipped out. the other thing, i have read zen and the art of motorcycle maintenance too. it was very influential for me (back in 1989). i passed it on to jay marvin, a progressive radio talk show host on chicago's wls am station (back in the 1990's). he had been told by a caller how great it was and had never read it. i sent it to him the next day.
sounds like we are in complete agreement on that!
@ dan scott - i do take some hope in neil's repeated statements that the digital files files sold through the pono music store will feature "artist approved" mastering.   and i have no doubt that neil's albums will sound amazing.  at the same time, we all need to recognize that many modern albums are so poorly produced that the benefits of high res digital will be lost on them.  we also need to recognize that some artists - including pono supporters like metallica and red hot chili peppers - have signed off on badly compressed and maximized digital masters in the past.  so hopefully neil can educate both the label executives and the artists.
@david - drc and the loudness wars are part of the problem for sure. the pono device has nothing to do with that of course but the music store can certainly play a part. i am (naively) expecting the audio files sold on the ponomusic site to be a faithful representation of what the artist intended. can ponomusic encourage the labels to give us that....i'm not sure but i am hoping. it will come down to $$ in the end as usual, if people pay for it the labels will create it. the music "industry" will of course want to make the most $$ for the least amount of effort but i am hoping the artists will have a say in how their work is presented. so if we get some of the answers in your question #2 when we are choosing the files to buy it should help. i am here supporting the effort because i want to do what i can to help rescue the music.
@dan scott the story pono is telling is that the reason why today's music sounds to bad is because of data compression, not dynamic range compression.  i happen to agree with neil that there is an audible difference between mp3's and cds and hi res digital files.  but there are a lot of other factors that contribute to the sound quality (or lack thereof) of digital music - including the quality of the source tape and the skills of the mastering engineer. and on this point, neil's comments have been a bit vague.  i've only started to look at the comments on this site, so hopefully the ponomusic team has addressed these matters with greater specificity.
@richheart, i spent an hour on the phone with some very old friends this sunday. they live in the bay area marin & san francisco. the mother is now a buddhist monk. she was very interested in the kickstarter idea and will be asking her fellow followers in her san francisco home about using kickstarter for fundraising this week. her daughter who was eating a bunny-rabbit cupcake was remembering our time together in the 70's over in kentfield marin county ca. mom & son & daughter rented a room to me back then and we have been fast friends ever since. we call each other a least twice a month these days. there was this manuscript on the living room table. when i picked it up and opened it there were lots and lots of notes along the margins. i asked the daughter where it came from and she said it was something her mom was working on. her mom; abby has great english skill and proofreading skills so she was doing this for a friend. abby was a single mom back then and is now a monk and that manuscript she was working on and about to be published? the book abby kenyon was working on is called "zen & the art of motorcycle maintenance"  true story :) i'll relay this story next time we talk @peace
@david - re question #3....that is the reason pono exists. #2 - that is the kind of information i would be interested in as well prior to making the purchase. cheers and welcome aboard.
@rich @ian ...spot on!
there is a really nice forum : ponopeople.org plz visit and enjoy!
i apologize in advance if any of these questions have already been answered. 1.  while the most important thing is the music, please don't forget about the artwork!  will the music sold through the pono music store include a file containing all of the original album arkwork (preferably in high resolution), as well as any liner notes, musician credits and lyrics that came with the orignial release? 2.  what information will the pono music store provide to shoppers about the source tape and digital transfer?  i, for one, would like to know when the file was created (so i know whether it's a new re-master), what the source was (ideally, this should be the original master recording, but if not, we should be told how many generations removed from the master the source was and whether it was a flat or eq'd copy), whether the orignial master recording was analog or digital (and, if digital, what the sampling and bit rate was), who the mastering engineer was and the studio at which the digital master was created. 3.  are the people at pono aware of the loudness wars and the destructive effect excessive use of dynamic range compression in mastering has had on the sound quality of popular music?  if so, what steps are you taking to ensure that the digital files sold through the pono music store capture all of the dynamics of the original master recording? 4.  i see that metallica is supporting pono.  someone ironic, given that their album death magentic is frequently cited as the most egregious example of dynamic range compression.  has neil talked to metallica about remastering their catalog for pono?
i am thinking about the shure 425's or maybe the akg q701 for cans i have some beats but i am worried those are going to sound how i want.  i have some nice klipsch speakers to use at home. i hope those do the trick i am very excited to get ahold of the pono.
@ian and many of us on here. we have certainly the seeds of a community, we have a long time 'til october (and if the first project i backed "tubecore - duo" is any indication - it may be way longer) and there is a lot that we can share, music appreciation wise and at higher levels. as you say ian, life must include rising above. whilst attending a religious school, i was first agnostic, then atheist and most strongly i felt (as csn put it so well in 'cathedral') that "too many people have died in the name of (select any god to insert here) ____, for anyone to heed the call". certainly, 'zen and the art of motorcycle maintenance" had a healthy influence on me. when working in london, with japanese, iranian, palestinians, poles, french, lebanese and english, i met with both a desire to expand and integrate and some prejudice. i have seen my kids express prejudice in a way that causes me to sigh and know i love them. noone is immune, yet all must strive for that higher, wider, global sense of care.  i took a stand against racism per se and yes i am jewish just as i have a skin colour and a sexual preference and i wish to be judged (if at all) by what i say, what i do and who i am, not by a label. my great-gandparents had labels on their arm, were herded from their home in zmigrod-poland with their children, in-laws, neighbours, the whole town, altogether approx 1,350 adults and children to a field a couple of miles away, and sub-machine gunned into a mass grave that was dug by the men, who understood their fate. they were judged and condemned for their label. i've no tolerance for people who'll do that. i won't accept discrimination against anyone. we don't live in a perfect world, but we are each responsible for each word that we express and every action we make.  pono and peace to all :)
@ian  i have been there, it is beautiful. it was empty, a weekday afternoon in 1980. then we popped in to the crown court to sit at the back and giggle at her dad, the judge :)
@richheart. a few years ago, jayne and i went to liverpool anglican cathedral to hear a performance of imagine. in lennon's home town in one of the largest cathedrals ever made. was quite a moment....
"imagine all the people... "  thanks all of you. now let's do pono :)
@wonder? bread$$$ +1      @ richheart  i also have no time for racist comments. i also, like wonder?bread$$$,have enjoyed and taken quite a lot from your comments from the beginning. if 1 person on this forum has offended you then please remember that it is 1 person. we need you here. i would think the vast majority on this kickstarter appreciate your comments very much. its been educational for me. unfortunately there has been a few attacks at various people on here, all without reason. this in no way reflects the majority though. i had noticed before that you did not receive an apology for the comment that you refer to, which i thought was unwarranted in the extreme. slainte mhath
@richheart and everyone. i work with muslims, and christians and atheists. and uk folk, european, america, saudis, iraqi, syrian, egyptian, turkish and so on. old and young and all sexes. oh yeah, my wife was jewish (she died many years ago). i am a buddhist if anything, although today i joined the british humanist association - not least because of our so called prime minister's appalling, imho, statement in the last few days. we have to meet in a place above and beyond our differences, where we are the same. and start from there. the complexity of the world situation is now such that blaming any specific religion is dangerous as cause and effect are so intertwined now. peace, pacem in terris, mia, shanti, shalom hey-wah. as pete seeger's song points out.
@richheart, personally i am always drawn to you're posts here on the pono forum :) you have given this forum great advice ! so what i want to say to you here is: thank you :) and i have to admit i am not a jew and do not understand the jewish religion enough nor would i feign to understand it to comment on what it means to be a jew. let me simply say anyone with a strong conviction & family tradition has my respect :) i like you richheart so i am writing this to advance the process of understanding the hurt this has caused you here with my own simply apology to derail the side-track the troll comment has brought about :) long live pono! @peace
@ian and @wonder i too would be happy to just discuss pono and audio on here. however, if i am attacked and me and my family discredited, not by way of disagreement with the substance of what i submit, but because i am a jew, then turning away can of itself be seen as condoning racism. i appreciate your good intentions and draw a line under this side-track here.
@ian, you had me at "any form of racism"! and to support your post here i might add that when the racism card is played it drags everything into the gutter [ typical troll ploy ] the best & only way out is "benign neglect" in my experience this always works and as such the phrase: "don't feed the trolls" should be the obvious selection for the entire forum when ever some lowlife needs to vent by laying the cad card of racism - so even humorous use is never funny . @peace :)
any form of racism or discrimination based on colour, nationality or sex is abhorrent - an anathema. and should not be used in a humorous way unless the person making the comment explains why it is funny. that question usually brings people up short "please explain why what you just said is funny. because i don't understand it".
@wonder you're a wonder ;)
@richheart, tru-dac :)
at best october will be a slow slog turtle road we are all gonna have to travel to get our pono on :( ... it will be worth it :d in between then and now that headphone debate will rage in good clean healthy pono fun i hope & new headphones will come on the market so ... this little picture should say it all on dac  http://www.freakingnews.com/pictures/57000/turtle-wearing-headphones--57388.jpg
some of you on here may think that snide anti-semitic jibes are benign. horrifically, all racism, significantly violent acts of racism, can only exist if others stand-by and prefer not to get involved. stand up and speak out, wherever there is racism. for the sake of the society you would like children to grow up in. it is your right to disagree with me and to explain why.  do not objectify me, classify me or my parents. racists are bullies and cowards. let's keep pono righteous, this forum too.
@ian right on the button :)
@ian kendrick that was a pleasure to read...thanks.
@peter beck the racist. your comments have nothing to do with my comments.  go back to your nasty hole.  you still owe this forum an apology for your previous, anti-semitic comment.
a long time ago. in olden times. in the early nineteen hundred and seventies, a revolution took place in hifi circles. until then, everything had been reviewed using measurements and we all read the specs and bought on that basis. and then someone realised something truly shocking and awful. the specs didn't tell you how things sounded. your ears did that. oh and your brain that sorts out what the ears send it. we still haven't fully figured that out. our worlds crashed right in front of our ears. so then it all went 'subjective testing' - reviewers actually listened to the stuff they were reviewing and then looked at the specs and tried to see if the specs could explain what they heard - sometimes it could, sometimes it couldn't. much head scratching. been that way ever since. but that wasn't the end of it. oh no sirree, not by a long way. until around that time, the wisdom, unchallengeable, was that you spent the most on the speakers, then the amp, then the front end, normally a turntable. although in those far off days, fm radio sounded utterly wonderful. the words opti and mod had never been put together. compression was applied only to fit the signal into the bandwidth, not to make it sound as loud as possible by removing all vestiges of dynamic range and then gain riding until it was loud. and flat, and lifeless, and crap. really crap. loudness buttons an amps (they had them) were used late at night where you wanted to hear things without having to have everything turned up loud. boosted bass and treble to compensate for the way the ear/brain works at low sound levels. some heretic, a mad fool, a court jester - actually suggested that the way you spent your money should be reversed. most on the front end, then the amp, then the speakers. and again, the buggers were right. not just a little bit right. but right as right can be. a linn sondek lp12 turntable with a good arm and cartridge - maybe £700/$1100, coupled with an amp that cost £100/$160 with speakers that cost the same, wiped the floor with systems that had those ratios reversed. what's this got to do with pono? everything. it is a decent front end and will sound great using cheap cans but really good if you spend more. my understanding is that it has a great dac and a very good headphone amplifier. i don't expect it will drive my hd600s very well. the a&k 120 does a so so job, but no more. you can't fit a quart into a pint pot and a good big un will always beat a good little un. and the pono, like the a&k is a little un. it'll sound great with reasonably efficient cans of that i am sure. but, purely for instance, the a&k drives etymotic er4ps brilliantly - and i mean brilliantly. put the 75ohm converted into the lead and turn them into er4ss and they sound very smooth - and maybe even a little more accurate - but don't go loud enough. nowhere near. and i am not a head banger. i'm the one at a loud concert with ear plugs in. i feel the same way about my hearing that supermarkets do with sales. when it's gone, it's gone. and i would rather keep it as long as i can. headphones - its going to be a gamble. until we get our hands on ponos and try them with the popular cans and express opinions based on listening not specs, we won't actually know very much. so it is time for patience i reckon. sorry about that....
@richheart have a great day sir.
@anthony how many concert sound systems have been anywhere close to good home audio equipment?  don't even ask about stereo placement/soundstage.
@rich - that was the douche-iest thing i've read all year so far. congratulations for being a bad person. it's probably your parents fault for raising you to be a complete idiot.
@anthony broadstock very true.
and if your ears are shot to pieces from years of abuse at loud gigs it hardly matters anyway :)
whilst the pono and ponomusic are all about hi quality music for all, the pono definitely claims to enter audiophile territory. that does not make it the territory of audiophiles. whilst i may have spent a few hundred dollars on a bit of wire, not everybody who has pledged for a pono, would understand why i did that.  the rule of diminishing marginal returns, kicks in here: a $10 headphone will sound better on a pono than on a telephone output; a $100 headphone will sound better than the $10 set, on a pono; a $1,000 headphone will sound better than the $100 set. how much better? will the difference between the $1,000 and the $100 be greater or less than the difference between the $100 and the $10? "what's your budget for headphones?" is a totally valid question. for $10 you'll get better than the mcdonalds set. i wouldn't rush to denigrate anyone's choices, certainly not be arrogant enough to presume my choice is the right one. i loved a review on head-fi where the guy wrote about different headphones for different music. it is true that i listen to different music (and at different volumes) on two different sound systems. sometimes, i'll listen to my nexus 5 on mm100 bt headphones. it's like wine. i love a great $100 a bottle wine, i'll mostly drink $25 a bottle wine, i'll appreciate a taste of a $300 a bottle wine. do i suffer when i drink the $25 wine? most people would say: "wow, this is good stuff." would i be able to tell the difference between a $500 and a $1,000 bottle? each to their own. "there is nothing either good or bad but thinking makes it so." (hamlet)
plan is to build a bottlehead crack and feed it with line out of the pono. then i can plug in the  hd650s (300 ohm impedance) and really feel the music my le  will have to offer! it has nothing to do with snobbery. if the pono player is marketed as audipohile grade (it is) then you really shouldn't skimp on what you connect it to. but dennis, i do think the m50s are decent enough headphones at that impedance. will be curious to know how grados sound as well.
at home i will use the sennheiser 600  or audio-technica electrets. no idea about portable use. probably some kind of iems. those aren't as easy to select since they can't be tried in a store. head-fi did a 300 iem comparison. i need to study it more.
at home i will use the sennheiser 600  or audio-technica electrets. no idea about portable use. probably some kind of iems. those aren't as easy to select since they can't be tried in a store. head-fi did a 300 iem comparison. i need to study it more.
has anyone heard of the nuforce primo 8 or are they too new and what do you think about them?
with all the banter here, in the end the thing everyone will realize when you get older is that last weeks farts are far more important.
@@terence fitzgerald it's a shame pono has you as someone who pledged, you obviously have no concept of grassroots, only a lofty 1% view, looking down from the top and scowling .
@terence fitzgerald enjoy the bump.
@terence @dennis >:(
@terence fitzgerald having shit or brains keeps toilet paper manufacturers in businesses, keep up the good work, your group will be very proud.
@dennis. what now? my post does say it all. thanks for the bump. #stillright #hamistoeatnotforradios
@terence fitzgerald this was your first post "i don't understand the debate about spending $300-400 for the pono and them playing it cheap by trying to find the "best" headphones for $40-80. wow. ok. sounds like a great idea to me! "i just spent $250,000 on. lamborghini and check out these $45 general tires i put on her! they're rated for 60mph". you spent the dosh on the player, pony up another $200-400 and get a real pair of cans. can't recommend the akg q-701s enough." pretty condescending! look up amateur ham radio extra class description, besides my audio endeavors. take care all.
@terence do you like white chocolate ?
@terence what is your favorite odor ?
@terence what the hell do you like about the akg q-701 ?
@dennis shit i just need attention i don't give a f#!&  @terence me!!!!!!!!!!1
*any one
@dennis. my initial post did not single out anyone one person. you chose to make it personal. not me. who needs attention now? exactly. xoxoxo
have an absolutely great evening everyone....well almost everyone.
@joe sorry already got my cans.....but thanks.
http://www.head-fi.org/products/category/headphones there!
and check this shit out : http://www.head-fi.org/products/category/in-ear no really i don't care i just need attention o_o
ok.
@dennis, @terence, y'all gotta stop!!!
@terence fitzgerald i would be embarrassed to be a part of the group you say you belong too.
@dennis. me personally am amused by you.
@jamie mcleod thanks jamie, this guy has attacked me every which way for not spending enough. he's a fool.
@terence fitzgerald me personally have never shopped there, do you get good prcices or do you just go there to feel the bags that contain the items?
@terrence - you missed what the discussion was about entirely...... the audio technica ath-m50 cans are quite reasonable and the rrp in the states is $199.  dennis saw them on ebay for $49 the discussion was if they were genuine or not....
@dennis. glad someone is keeping radioshack open.
@terence fitzgerald you are sad sack. imagine believing that only you and a few others enjoy music. i have thousands invested, built my home theater myself, selected my equipment over a three year period, did all the acoustical treatments  but you know best. maybe i should go to church and worship you....maybe not.  you are narcissistic flee on the ass of a dog, enjoy dinner.
@dennis. you should do stand up and leave us true music lovers alone. @capacitor understands it. we all understand it except for yourself evidently. #lonelyincheaptown
btw, "digititis" is now a word
rock and roll will never die!
@dennis, actually i'm holding onto them hoping i'll make some big bucks in the next coming years!
have a good night everyone.
@wc hey,hey,my,my.
@travisstyle, apple is going to turn into rotten apples come rocktober.  keep on pono-ing in the free world!
@wc you actually kept those from mcdonald's....please send them to @terence fitzgerald  he likes crap. he collects from everywhere.
just kidding. :). in all seriousness has anyone heard of the tma-1 stones throw edition headphones aiaiai?
@wc, i asked apple for some advise on pono headphones & they told me to go stick it your ear ! bud ;d
at the end of the day, audio-technica ath-m50 headphones are not bad cans.
@terence, i have a pair of free headphones from a mcdonalds happy meal.  will those work?
@terence fitzgerald  i agree with you.  it's like having tad1 speakers with sony receiver, and monster cables. optimum sound = synergy. to get great sound, you have to pony up. you have to pay to play. i'm sure some will disagree. you express you views and likewise.
@terence fitzgerald  i agree with you.  it's like having tad1 speakers with sony receiver, and monster cables. optimum sound = synergy. to get great sound, you have to pony up. you have to pay to play. i'm sure some will disagree. you express you views and likewise.
@terence fitzgerald   hoot= derived from the sound an owl makes....owls also known to be wise. :')
@dennis. you're a hoot!
@terence fitzgerald  sorry, weren't even close to using my logic. i talked about shaving money, you talk about holding on to crap. enjoy the smell.
@dennis. i have an extra pair of headphones from my last united flight that i didn't use but landed up in my bag. using your logic they'll be good enough. want them?
@terence fitzgerald  and you must be one of them too....to conceited to see reality. have a nice night. :)
ah. got it. you're one of them. ok. have a nice night.
@terence fitzgerald  guess i'm not an audiophile.
@terence fitzgerald  next you will be telling me that cabling for $10,000.00 is better than $50.00 cabling. some are just not happy unless they pay to much.
@dennis. totally missed my point. one weak leak in the chain ruins the whole experience. there are no "great" headphones under $100. period. ask any audiophile or higher end system sales team. or just go and test a $80 pair versus a $300 pair. no way you can tell me there's not a difference.
@terence fitzgerald  also i already have akg-k141 and a pair of sony.
@terence fitzgerald  btw i bought 2 les.
@terence fitzgerald pono was a set price with no negotiation, the headphones are a moving target, why pay more than you have too. unless you like to overpay?
i don't understand the debate about spending $300-400 for the pono and them playing it cheap by trying to find the "best" headphones for $40-80. wow. ok. sounds like a great idea to me! "i just spent $250,000 on. lamborghini and check out these $45 general tires i put on her! they're rated for 60mph". you spent the dosh on the player, pony up another $200-400 and get a real pair of cans. can't recommend the akg q-701s enough.
@jamie mcleod understood. i'm willing to take the chance, and if i'm wrong, ebay will refund my payment. convoluted sales are a sign of the times.
@dennis i get a lot of stuff from there myself.  not saying these aren't genuine, they could well be, and for under $50 if they perform, it may not even matter. there were a couple of things on that item that flagged for me other than the price though.  item location lists as hong kong, but seller profile states they are based in us. and the fact that the seller has only been registered for 34 days. there were a lot of counterfeit bose qc15's out there last year which was fairly well publicised once ebay got onto it.
@jamie mcleod i have ordered many things direct from china or hong kong, they may take longer to arrive, but the quality is always good.
@jamie mcleod if this seller is a sham ebay will pay for it.
been looking at the ath-m50x myself, (only difference between these and the m50 is detachable cables x3 with the m50x).  rrp in aus is au$249 for the m50x and au$219 for the m50.
@denis lane - $49 for ath-m50 is a great price.  my only concern would be, given they are coming from hong kong via ebay and the seller has only been registered since march 18 2014 with 0 reviews so far, that they are genuine.
haven't read posts the last days, nice to see the good activity still going on here... i have pledged for dinner with neil + 9 ponos, mostly to give away. looking forward to october. keep on rockin' in the free world! still happy easter to everybody, greetings from norway :-)
thanks for saving me the trouble of looking for that, @tjc. @joel, there were a lot of complaints from some who feared they would not be able to use their favorite headphones with the pono. i even asked why pono couldn't build-in a small switch to offer an option for a lower impedance to keep the peace, but the response from teampono was that they had settled on a configuration. i got the impression that they didn't want to complicate it with more options and more switches. i think the best thing is to wait until pono makes recommendations or until we get some knowledgeable reviews from the field. @benjamin marsh: nope. must be a different don. sorry.
@joel update 24
@don, how do we know that the pono has an impedance of 5 ohms though? i have not seen that anywhere
@don bit of a long shot but you would not be the don that went by the name games for may way back would you?
@don the audio-technica ath-m50 at $49.00 all in were a great score even if they may not be a perfect match for the pono. if they don't work, i'll sell them for a profit
@rich you will love to mikros 90s. let them burn in a lot. if too tight don't be afraid to flex the headband and loosen them up.  for the price they are the best deal going.  i would be surprised if the sound bad with the pono
@tjc - thanks. i wasn't even aware they were celebrity endorsed but i guess i should have twigged. i'm not down with the kids and the hippin and the hoppin. @rooster - i'm glad you said the aviators may be ok. i got a pair very knock down cheap (£50) and hoped it was a bargain.
thanks carlos.  that was the best way to celebrate easter ever!   friend of mine the other day said they celebrate the season with rusty nails on friday and rolling rock beer on sunday.   that rosetta is a force of nature.
@don pono has no specs so any headphone will work. they sid they would!
@dan scott it's funny that none of those articles mention google's project ara. * who cares about a "geek wave" ? *
@don having read reviews of the ml90s i have ordered a pair. @$80 on amazon, (pre-shipping) they seem a bargain. if i don't like them with the pono, i'll look further.
there have been at least a couple of headphones recommended here in the last day that would not fit the 8x impedance rule of thumb. the output impedance of the pono will be 5 ohms, so the 8x rule means the headphones should be at least 40 ohms. i have a pair of the audio-technica ath-m50 headphones @dennis lane mentioned and linked earlier, and while they are very nice cans, they are only 38 ohms. i don't think the 2 ohms will ruin your listening experience (it's only 5% below the 40 ohm threshold, which i think is a ballpark figure, anyway), but i'm not sure there won't be any bass distortion, and i cannot guarantee with any degree of certainty that they won't melt your ears. the martinlogan mikros 90 reference headphones @peter rustin linked to are rated at 26 ohms, so if there is any truth to the 8x rule, these are far enough below the 40 ohm threshold to make a difference. from my experience, the numbers and specs can't always reliably predict how pleased your ears will be. but it seems to me that as long as we're geeking out on pono's specs, it doesn't make sense to invest in headphones that aren't a perfect numerical match for pono, at least until we have some field data on how well something out of the goldilocks zone performs in the wild. it may not matter to many anyway. a friend of mine said he can't wait to hear how the pono sounds on the bose system in his car. i think having walter white spike his stevia with ricin would be the most humane response.
remember doc brown ! http://m.youtube.com/watch…
@brian - that part did raise my eyebrows a bit as well. i am really happy that pono is focussing on doing only one thing and doing it well.
highly hackable pono ? recorder ? :d  http://www.esstech.com/index.php… could this be the beginning of the feared brown note ...doc brown... note... http://youtu.be/bi-ztvx0w9i https://m.youtube.com/watch…
@dan, thanks for the link but the author also makes a few astounding assertions, such as: "a hardware-based player, one that doesn't even have wireless connectivity built in, is simply backwards." really?  in a dedicated portable lossless audio player, i would not expect wireless connectivity.  if you want wireless connectivity you either have a sound-compromised smartphone or get ready to carry a very large box around (with a power supply).  some, "expert reviewers" need to study their subject more. i have yet to find a smartphone that gets rave reviews for playing lossless audio.  the lg g2 was pitched (by lg) as one but comes with 32gb and no micro sd slot (outside korea) - now that is dumb!
sound on sound article cross posted from ponopeople (thx gr8scott) http://www.soundonsound.com/sos/may14/articles/off-the-record.htm the writer makes some good points about audio consumers wanting convenience over quality. the mass market is rarely the venue quality but thankfully music can be distributed in a variety of ways. i think we have demonstrated here that there is a market for quality and, with time, the convenience will come. streamed music does not seem to be there yet imo as there are too many factors at play to disrupt the consistency of the stream. it is fine if you are not listening to the music and just want some background filler but it would drive me crazy to have dropouts, pauses and other network artifacts tarnishing the experience. so far i have not been able to find a site that has hi-res music consistently from master sources. some don't even tell you what the source is. the ponomusic store has the opportunity to provide that source and give quality a toe hold in this world of lowest common denominator convenience.
for a company that makes a $30,000 dac (the davinci dac), light harmonic, the company behind the geekwave i've linked to below, doesn't come across as very serious. what do you think?
happy easter pono chilren :) https://www.youtube.com/watch…
https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/geek-wave-make-your-smartphone-s-sound-sound-better#home are these the guys who mocked the ponoplayer in their first promo video and even showed parts of the pono testimonials as part of their video whilst eating a toblerone bar? well, they have now removed that and have their own testimonials. neil's "harvest" album is still in the background as a nod.
http://m.youtube.com/watch… pinkzebra-larger than life i was kinda lost in "that" side of youtube until i found this song just now. i think this song is worth a penny, well, few dollars in pono's case. i wouldn't hesitate to purchase this song from pono, but unfortunately, it doesn't even have a proper itunes album to begin with.  :(
skullcandy are generally fashion first sound quality optional but they do have a few decent models. skullcandy aviators are pretty good.
@tjc a pono for your candy? :)
@mobiusengine skull candy like beats wouldn't touch with a ten foot pole. i think it's the marketing of them i get the impression they are for playing loud obnoxious music and when you were them your pants will fall down and your under shorts hang out. but lot of people blindly get them get a celebrity to say something and you can sell lots of stuff regardless of quality
i hear some good discussions about headphones from some obviously knowledgeable people. are you ponophiles as equally dismissive of skull candy brand as i have heard from audiophiles? would welcome a little idea as to why they are so reviled. obviously if something is subjectively good then why worry, but they are always described so dismissively i had to wonder why.
@jim - spot on. @dougklas - yeah i went around lunch time. was still busy but i don't do all the hype stuff at the beginning, i just like to browse and see what ends up on the counter. the eno/fripp rte-release is a treat for me. jake bugg's got some energy!
@jim +1 :)
i got these. sometimes they go on sale for $59.00. amazing, and i can't wait to try them on the pono. http://www.newegg.com/product/product.aspx…
those are great headphones...i have these and they are one of the phones i wear when on foot. i was told by someone at head-fi that there are 2 models/ 1 one with a coiled chord and one with a straight. i chose the coiled and i'm very happy with them. you got a great deal...i think i paid 72 us about a year ago and they were on sale from 112 us.
gabriel garcia marquez, who left this world this week, penned a letter 'to friends and lovers of literature' when he realized his cancer was terminal.  he described a number of things he would do if he was granted more time.   one of them was that he '...would give merit to things not for what they are worth, but for what they mean to express.'.  made me think of why i so strongly support pono.
i just ordered a pair of audio-technica ath-m50 headphones for $49.00 including shipping, brand new. click on the link below.
http://www.ebay.com/itm/221419955457… have at it.
@joe couldn't resist headphones are hard to buy without the music source to play on them. if anyone wants the best headphone for the pono they should wait till they have the pono in hand and test out various headphones at a store. i have several i could recommend etymotics er4, koss esp9 but they sound good to me. and they are both pretty transparent. what you listen to makes a difference and what you play them on makes a difference. when i really want to listen to headphones i crank up my vintage koss amp that was built by koss for demoing their headphones can't get much better than that. just to hard to carry around so then i use my etymotics with my vintage pjb100 or the sony digital player and sometimes plug into the crappy iphone. but that is for convenience  time will only tell what is best with the pogo
@tjc lol 9,99$ :-d
@tw amazon has these for half price pono said it would sound great on anything. http://www.amazon.com/yamaha-rh1c-portable-headphones/dp/b00000jbhp/ref=sr_1_12…
@joel i approve.
i highly recommend the audio-technica ath-m50 headphones to everyone using pono. they are only $140 and will easily destroy anything that is twice the price. here are some of their technical specs: driver diameter: 45 mm magnet: neodymium frequency response: 15 - 28,000 hz maximum input: 1,600 mw at - khz sensitivity: 99 db impedance: 38 ohms
any suggestions on best headphones to get for the pono? 80 ohm's or 32 ohm's?
@joel - what neil and pono music said is that they would provide only flac formatted music files (or better as technology improves) and that whatever you purchased would be available to you in enhanced formats as they become available at no additional charge. based on that information, i would expect that you would be able to obtain flac versions of both mono and stereo produced recordings if there were separate studio masters for each version. they have yet to state that definitively, of course.
@ ian - sounds like a better day for you at least you seemed to get in a shop, maybe you went later? we were prepared to wait a couple of hours once the shop had opened but it was clear there was no chance of that and it would likely have been midday at least! and by the amount of rsd only merchandise already flooding ebay uk & us it also pretty clear that the resellers at the front of the queue know their business (lol).
to be honest i kind of held off on record store day today. i still went but i didn't buy as much as i normally would. reason being that records take up some space, are imperfect in the sense that they can have minor to major crackling and can be expensive. sounds lame, i know. i'm just waiting for the pono store to be launched. a couple thoughts: will the pono music store have different masterings of the same album?  a.k.a. mono versions and stereo versions? or is it pretty much going to be like itunes, usually having one version..
i was hoping my record store would have carried the limited edition of menudo's, "shopping mall", on 45, but they were all sold out.  ;(
@kinch thanks for the feedback on my p5's, just have to wait till october :)
@douglas.... opposite experience for me - very busy record shops, lots of people browsing, nattering and just enjoying the vibe. i had a good natter with the guys who run probe in liverpool and bought some albums. they said it was the busiest day they have ever had. mentioned pono to them and they laughed saying they could not get enough of neil's stuff on vinyl. so i guess a similar experience but we experienced in very differently.
record store day uk: well disappointed is an understatement, i'll keep it clean-ish! queue's in 2 places i went to pre 8am this morning, decided on 1. absolutely no organisation! people browsing for x sake! you are supposed to know what you want, ask for it, pay for it and leave but no endless chats about utter crap. then within literally minutes of the first people walking out the products and rarities hit ebay! @ twice, three even 6 times the rrp! no i didn't get what i wanted, but i didn't waste any more time in the q either, i left as did others after it was fairly clear what we wanted would be gone by the time we got in and so no point in fluffing the imbecile who runs the shop into thinking he's doing a great job! i'll buy from ebay, pay more but stay warm and not have to line some independent record  store's pockets who couldn't organise a p1$$ up in a brewery. small rant over! :)
ever since i was a teen i was looking for a good music experience. i heard some pretty high end systems, which i could never hope to afford, that delivered a richness, clarity and texture that was just what i was looking for. so i know it is possible. since then it has all been about removing the "weak links" in my system, but honestly i had pretty much given up. i never heard a cd that had that same feeling and i can't listen to mp3's for very long, they just don't sound right. with pono and especially the pono music store i think things can get back on track. what i want is to hear what the artist intended without the medium getting in the way. i don't need to know the esoteric minutia of which electrons go where. all i need to do is hear it. i will know it when i hear it.
@gary thanks for that. i'll download it this evening. they were some bunch of guys that lot. feynman writing his papers in exotic bars in brazil etc. etc:-) @nicholas carr i think your p5s will be fine. they work very well for me with the dx90. i just shoved them in, and didn't worry about the numbers:-)
record store night tonight april 19th 2014 eu :) http://www.recordstoreday.com/specialreleases
"the ponomusic online music store, which will also sell earbud and headphone products suitable for use with the ponoplayer device." if they do this right, ponomusic could be big.
just come back from an old fashioned browse amongst some very newly fashioned vinyl. whilst there came across no pussyfooting by messrs fripp and eno. had it on cd since it came out on that format. nice to get it on super vinyl from master authorised by both though... robert fripp is one of our collaborators on the university of the third horizon. groovy eh? and a couple of jake bugg albums. that'll do for the day  :o)
@christmachine +1
@kinch re the man who loved only numbers, try also the strangest man; the hidden life of paul dirac. brilliant read.
great idea! good luck !
@nicholas nothing specific, just that you may not get perfectly flat response. try it
@richheart... i guess i must have missed that :) so in the time between now and october (pono time) i'll keep enjoying my p5's and decide then, was just concerned they might cause damage or be damaged. i think ill look back and try and find what iv missed, thanks :)
@dennis, yea like wildfire :) http://m.youtube.com/watch…
@nicholas... oh.did you learn anything from ian and his merry gang of heretics? it's just not about the numbers. you will listen to the pono with your delightful p5's and say either: "wow, f..k me sideways... this is the highest fidelity thing since my gran singing in the bath." or; "wow f..k me sideways.. this sounds like my gran singing in the bath, i need to find somehting new." when that point comes, you'll know what to do: give your gran a clean towel. :)
following the 8 x rule for headphones, and giving that pono would work best with headphones of a minimum of 40 ohms, what would i expect from my bowers & wilkins p5's as they are 27 ohm? i love the sound and feel of my p5's but am worried that i will need to  look for a new pair with higher impedance.
many a time on this forum i have read that the pono will be awkward to place in ones pocket. anyone who signed up for the le series will get as part of their pledge, a custom leather carry case, which will no doubt have belt loops on it, so why would you want to put it in your pocket? if the powers that be do not get how to make it easily and comfortably mobile, than after market manufactures will. this shape argument is a non starter. anyone remember boom boxes...we carried those things around. anyone who pledged bought into neil and his vision. lots of audiophiles may debate which dac will ultimately be installed into our devices, but lets not leave out that neil is full of surprises. he teamed up with the best in the industry, and really will only get one shot at this, something i think they are all all fully aware. the pono team were clever enough to make their player within the reach of many more music lovers around the world. if team pono is successful, many of us may underestimating its place in our homes, cars, and hearts. we took a chance, spent some money, so others could have an opportunity to hear music as it was meant to be heard, minus a live performance. i for one have faith in the man. he has spent an entire career trying his best, to bring his art up, not down. he really has nothing to prove and could have rode out his twilight years resting on his amazing accomplishments. i believe this is personal to neil and the team he orchestrated around this project.  imho we who have pledged, are going to be in for a real treat and all those who come on board later, to rediscover sound not factory farmed for profit. pono will upset the apple cart, by allowing our ears to decide what is pleasing.  if neil is successful ponos may spread like a wildfire.
@ian re masters and slaves, i think you'd enjoy "the man who loved only numbers" it's a great book, very funny and very interesting on the whole pre-manhattan project era. well done on your post this morning.
@Шахов Дмитрий Владимирович  do you prefer in-ear head-phones (in-ear monitors known as iems) or over-ear head-phones? ian kendrick has recommended etymotics er4ps ref post #9 http://ponopeople.org/viewtopic.php… others have recommended head-phones from e.g. sennheiser, shure, b&w. i would suggest going here and having a read: http://www.head-fi.org/f/4/headphones-full-size http://www.head-fi.org/f/103/portable-headphones-earphones-and-in-ear-monitors
"if you don't own your masters, your master owns you." http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/entertainment-arts-27081344
thanks for the answer richheart! can you recommend something in the $ 300-400 range?
headphones to unlock anything should have fingerprint recognition technology or at least a resolution of 4/10 digital lock, giving 10,000 permutations. in all seriousness: 40ohm impedance  (8x the 5ohm impedance of the pono) and be of good quality. characteristics will reflect preference. bass boom and boosted treble is somewhat popular, flat across the spectrum might be an alternative to strive for.  most of all, listen if you can, feel how comfortable the music sounds, and how they feel. read some reviews, pay attention to whatever is important to you.
@ian love it :) https://www.youtube.com/watch… 0:42
what should be the characteristics of headphones to unlock the potential pono player?
at 1.40 into this clip... "we demand rigidly defined areas of doubt and uncertainty!" - vroomfondle. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@ian in short, i like the certainty  inherent in uncertainty :)
@ian from pretty near to the centre of the four corners of the earth: i have heard that it was once proposed that the earth is round.  indeed, how could this be? perhaps we'll soon have the square lp? no more seedy cd. in the words of the lord (soon to be?) mccartney: "let it be." :)
@brian. yep.
@ian, i know that many scientists feel the same way about red book cd vs vinyl as you do.  the vast majority of scientists are bright enough to know that knowledge changes over time, a basic tenet of science.
one of the things that i do in my work is introduce the notion of a false certainty. is used as a power play by many many people, including politicians of the worst kind, imho. the words '45 minute dossier' and 'mission accomplished' were presented as certainties to the world. they were both false but used to give those who uttered them authority over the rest of us. i am pretty clear that our experience of music is not just through our hearing. so if we focus just on that and hear no difference, we assume that is the end of the matter. i know, without any doubt, that the feelings i get through vinyl replay (admittedly on decent kit...) and through hi res, is not the same as red book cd. it takes some time to realise it, but it comes from a lack of ease with the latter compared with a state of ease with the former. always wanting to put something else on vs being happy with the music that is playing and wanting to hear the whole album. of course, for scientists with what they believe to be complete knowledge, such talk is heresy - a sign of a nutter. that's up to them, i just want the music and how it makes me feel in my being, nit just in my ears.
have fun at record store day! i will as well. :)
@ian, well said, particularly on the misuse of science in many discussions of audio.  i remember reading in the early 80s that what was clearly poor audio was scientifically great.  that was misuse and the same arguments are used in support of .mp3 now.  a little knowledge of scientific methodology should negate the claims.
btw am backer 202 with a nyle and t shirt
oh yeah... streaming. great for low res stuff at the moment. and great when you have wifi access or 4g. otherwise no good for hi res stuff, or indeed no good at all. i want to have great music when i am riding my bike, or on a plane, or a train, up a mountain, by the sea. and when i want to listen to it. where i want to listen to it. i don't want to have to faff about with streaming services that may or may not be available. great for background stuff. when the infrastructure has developed to a point where it addresses all of the above, then maybe streaming will compete effectively with hi res via nas/streamer/dacs/daps.
i am not sure i can be bothered with entering this fray at this point. very early on in the campaign i pointed out that we know that neil had been looking at pono for a few years - and had been ridiculed and rubbished by many in the media. a study of how innovations succeed or don't in any situation shows that it is rarely the best technology that wins. it is the mixture of things that address a bigger issue than just the technology itself. the key authorities seem to be geoffrey moore with his chasm crossing ideas and clayton christensen with his notions around disruptive innovations. these two guys have provided most of the ideas behind the success of a lot of the major players we see in the world. including the most highly valued company the world has ever seen - apple. who were on the verge of going under until rescued by bill gates. yep, bill gates, who had to have a competitor or he would be in trouble with microsoft. was a time when apple were the underdog and a lot of the arguments being railed against pono were being flung at apple. and at microsoft before them. when i mentioned this first time around, in the first few days of this campaign, the response from the pono team was that john hamm knows geoffrey moore very well - indeed moore wrote part of the intro to john h's book. i pointed out that if pono is in the hands of someone who understands the dynamics of innovation and its diffusion to such a level, then it is in safe hands as far as i am concerned as these matters would not be opaque to the leadership of pono. the innovation here is not just hi res, nor is it the pono player. neither of those things represent anything new. it is that they can now be commoditised using an affordable player that many many more can own. and it is easy to use. those of us who are fortunate enough have been able to experience pono standards of audio quality for a few years now - but at a hefty price already understand the benefits. apple has tried to hold back flac (and flash) by not supporting it in its infrastructure. because it wants its standards to be in the infrastructure - that is the ultimate aim of chasm crossing - to make your stuff infrastructure for the mass market. apple has been investigating in hi res for many years and published several papers on the subject during that time. apple owns no music as far as i know - it simply provides a platform for publishing and distribution. i won't use itunes even though i am a fairly committed apple user. i think itunes is hopeless - it loses or screws up meta data, does not support flac and only really works with ithings which themselves, using native apple code and codecs, don't really support either, either - if that makes sense. pono is generating something different. it is (promising at least) to connect musicians with their audience, directly. that has a good and a potentially not so good side. it takes out greedy record companies, which seems like a good thing. but it is the record companies that fund new bands and nurse them through early days. but that is changing too. we are in a state of flux. we always are. right now hi res is for those on the left hand side of moore's chasm. pono, more than any other product/service/organisation has the ability to take it across the chasm and into the mainstream - into infrastructure. not because it does anything, technically, that cannot be done already, but because it is accessible to people who are not themselves positioned on the lhs of the chasm. and who do not buy for technical reasons. all of the technical arguments are for those who buy on those technical, pre chasm grounds. the vast majority do not. they buy for different reasons. is just the way it is. may be disappointing, but so is a lot of life. the other very big benefit of players like pono is that they make red book standard cds sound very good indeed. or pono will if my a&k120 is anything to go by. cds i had more or less written off, when flaced and played through the ak using etymotics sound very acceptable indeed (from the is english guy that is being very effusive). not as good as their hi res equivalents, but more than acceptable. so pono will also show people just what they have been missing for the last 31 years. yes, i know, those who have great dacs/systems already know that cd can sound ok, but the vast majority don't. looking back, in  a few years time, i would not like to say whether pono will have stayed the course or not. but i would wager that it will have changed the course. and brought music back to the music business. that's 'music' and 'business'. i will wager that. and we will wonder why we put up with lousy sounds for so long. as neil right(eously) says. meanwhile it is record store day and i am off to flick and browse through racks of loverly vinyl. because that is the sound we are all missing and that hi res can bring back for us. at last. one last point... all those who bring 'scientific' arguments as irrefutable incontrovertible, unchallengeable and undeniable evidence that hi res is a con, vinyl cannot possibly sound better blah blah blah... i would point out the science, by definition, is just what we know right now. and the funny thing is that, over time, most of it is proved to be inaccurate. but for some reason we have the arrogance to think that our current knowledge is it and cannot be improved upon. do me a bloody favour... i shall now don my spelunking helmet to ward off brickbats...
i'm rather pleased to say i'd never heard of lefsetz.  having read one rant about android i suggest he changes the tagline of his site from, "first in music analysis" to, first in line for psychiatric analysis".
@dan / @tmh / @joe it's very interesting that you post that today. lefsetz is obviously a cantankerous cynical grump. he has a lot of good points, 6 million is peanuts compared to apple but he fails to mention the point of this whole thing. we all may be "overly gushing" about the new toy that's going to make it christmas in october but remember "it's not about the pono player"...it's about an idea. we all know the idea is to bring hi-rez into society's consciousness. we will have won if everyone understands what hi-rez is even if it does not become their thing. it will always be a niche product...but we love niche. remember neil said there is no pono 2.0. pono has given us their word about quality control of their masters and pono cannot fake us out (being devil's advocate for a sec) pono is not intending to fake us out. we all own spectrum analyzers. i can tell if a file is high quality or not in two seconds. he's right about streaming but that's not part of our "eco-system". another thing remember neil saying something to the effect if apple makes a pono killer then we have reached our goal. all apple has to do is release the same quality controlled masters in their 24/48 alac. we will know if apple is faking us out we have spectrograph analyzers. imagine the possibilities of 6.2 nudging  apple to start selling hi-rez. success!!! i can't make this stuff up. i must tell you that as a skeptic myself, before i read that guys piece, yesterday i wrote a piece that is along the lines of what he is saying but without having a stick in my arse. come read it and judge for yourself...it's funny that it's really a coincidence that i wrote this piece yesterday, i had never even heard about this guy. come check out my piece...the success of hi-rez audio becoming a "niche" which has already happened has been a dream of mine for years...just read my latest post you'll get what i mean.   "in the days before hi-rez audio…we wanted it and we got it…"  http://www.christmachine.com/ let me know what you think! cheers.
@tmh that guy surely doesn't give a shit about music (yeah i know who he is), he only wants to be right, good for him...
@creator what dac is used, sabre es-9018 or es-9018k2m?
kinch the sabre es-9018 dac is there top of the line flag ship, and there most expensive. this dac is a 8 channel design, 7.1. the sabre es-9018k2m is designed for 2 channel, smaller, and draws less power. now the pono is a 2 channel device, so make sense they'll use es-9018k2m. what do you think?
"the fact that so much music is now consumed on ipods, ear buds, and mini speakers, shouldn't allow us to forget the sonic quality we strived for thirty something years ago. i rather hope that there will be resurgence of interest with this release. if you've never heard studio quality hi fi, it probably is time you did." - nick mason on the 35th anniversary 5.1 edition of wish you were here
@kinchthe heart of the device is the new es9018k2m dac chip which is the top dog in the new ess sabre-2m line. perhaps you've heard of the flagship es9018 dac as used in numerous expensive dacs and disc-players? that's an 8-channel design, typically summed for quad-mono operation or else used for 7.1 surround devices (see oppo for example). the es9018k2m makes its debut with the concero hp/hd and is a completely new chip that seems ideally suited for this type of device. a 2-channel design, it draws less power and comes in a significantly smaller package than its sibling. it costs less too, which is a plus since the es9018 is the most expensive dac chip on the market right now (the possible exception being out-of-production r2r dacs like the ti pcm1704 which are getting harder to come by). i predict we'll see more of the 2m dacs in the coming months—ess seems focused on getting them into devices such as smartphones and tablets, as well as higher-end blu-ray players and other consumer electronics. but resonessence labs had the exclusive from the very start. the new sabre-2m chip may be the star of the show, but it's got a nice supporting cast behind it. important players include a xilinx spartan 6 fpga, a usb implementation from cypress semiconductor, and a pair of analog designs ad8397 op-amps. jitter reduction is tackled by the fpga dsp core which also holds the custom resonessence labs apodizing and iir filters. these optional filters upsample 44.1khz and 48khz material while leaving higher-resolution streams to their native sample rate. i've heard many upsampling implementations that seemed like little more than marketing fluff, but in this particular case it does seem quite effective—i nearly always choose one or the other as opposed to using pass-through mode.
@kinch ayre is doing the pono design. i would say there using the best version of that dac. also, the output buffer to drive headphones is fully discrete. i'm sure the dx90 you have is great. remember, there more in a player, than a great dac, for great sound. imho, i think the ayre design pono will surpass dx90 in sound. but, time will tell?
sheesh that bob lefsetz fella sure seems to have his grumpy pants pulled on high and tight
@dana, very cool ! i'll just post this once more above the bob garbage ...  record store day is tomorrow saturday april 19th 2014  http://www.recordstoreday.com/specialreleases
just ordered "a letter home" up at third man records
from music commentator bob lefsetz (dont shoot the messenger) don't be an idiot. my inbox is filling up with critics saying gotcha, implying my endorsement of wimp is a belated acknowledgement of the superiority and inevitability of pono. nothing could be further from the truth. pono is merch. wimp is a new technology service that will probably be plowed under as its competitors embrace hifi streaming. never has something so minor received such outsized publicity. yes, 18,220 people pledged pono. if an album sold that many copies, you never would have heard of it. but in our money focused culture, he who can dazzle us with a figure, in this case six odd million dollars, gets all the press and an ignorant public blindly accepts it, just like they believe miley cyrus is a desirable star, even though she can't sell out arenas. so what neil young has done is demonstrate that starpower can get lemmings to donate, sight unseen. this is even better than selling platinum tickets to shows. in this case, people are putting up their money and may not get anything. then again, what they may get is not what they expect, just like at a neil young concert, wherein the master is famous for delivering the unexpected, and often unwanted. that's right, neil young is selling a high-priced souvenir, and has gotten some of his buddies to sell their names too. what you're buying here is a high-priced paperweight. because it sure won't be comfortable in your pocket. and then comes the issue of the recordings... neil is selling files while apple is cringing, its itunes music store suddenly faltering, with people moving to streaming. the news has been all over, then again, the public doesn't follow the business press, they just pay attention to the musings of stars. that's right, files have peaked. streaming is burgeoning. as is streaming revenue. but once again, the same people embracing files are pooh-poohing streaming revenue, when the truth is some acts are doing quite well and the more people who embrace the format, the more money that will be generated, just like the mobile phone business. but the public, especially the music press, embraces the future after the unwashed masses anoint it. cds were gonna endure until your grandma started trading on napster. myspace made tila tequila a star and then the service was overrun by facebook, but justin timberlake was gonna bring myspace back! as if jt knows anything about tech. but he is a star, so his efforts get press, without him...no story. and without neil young's kickstarter consultant, his effort on the site would not have been so successful. yup, he hired somebody who made sure his kickstarter popped and... yes, the world is manipulated. but the truth is neil young is gonna sell flies, which are dying, at old cd prices, over ten bucks, and you think this is big business? then you're probably opening a record store! and where is he going to get these high-res files? the labels don't have them, they just have the cd masters. is he going to get every act in creation to go back to pro tools and eq them and deliver them? and who is going to pay for them to service the not even 20,000 people who pledged, who may not even buy them? and can you even hear the difference? many experts believe you can't. that cd quality is good enough, that it's all in the mastering. but that's not the point. neil young is demonstrating nothing other than starpower here. if there are artifacts to be heard at better than cd quality, they'll eventually be streamed. not because neil did this pono kickstarter, but because increased bandwidth will allow it. so i write about someone who's poking the future... and you insist on jetting me back to the past, in some bizarre game of gotcha! not everyone. hell, most people don't even read my newsletter, but many more than those who pledged pono! meanwhile, the public keeps streaming on the world's music service, youtube. which pays even less than spotify, et al. but you don't see musicians bitching about that. and as a result, their fans are not complaining about it either. if only these stars used their power for good.
@everyone,  record store day is tomorrow saturday april 19th 2014  go get the rare ones :) http://www.recordstoreday.com/specialreleases
how bout some radiohead http://m.youtube.com/watch…
@kinch, quality & ethos tend to reach for the best of the best ! especially when the whole world is watching ;) my money is on pono !!! i bet they top our wildest expectations !!! you're post reads like a mystery novel ... very cool :)
@capacitor and @wonder ? bread $$$ as far as i am away, ponomusic have refused to say whether the dac will be the es9018 or the es9018k2m, so let's not make any assumptions in this regard. to my mind, the logic is that if they were going to use the es9018, they would go ahead and say it. then again, they are being delicate about all specifications so who knows? now ponomusic do say that the ponoplayer is going to be the best sounding dap in its market. marketing hype aside, i'd be fairly confident that it will be a good sounding device. whether it will beat the fiio x5 or the ibasso dx90 remains to be seen. certainly i've found the ibasso dx90 to be fantastic. i have not heard stacey kent, james taylor, eva cassidy, rory gallagher sound better. and my loudspeakers are b&w 802s. my amplification and my sound sources (meridian 506, pioneer 989avi and various squeeze devices) are up to the job. so far, i'd prefer by far to listen to the dx90. the reports from the head-fi,org forums are that each side of the dx90 / fiio x5 debate are convinced they are on to a winner. some people who own both say that it is worth owning both because they each deliver nuances that are worth hearing. the reviews, by people who own the things, are worth reading. there are like everywhere some newbies in the dap world (of whom i'm one); there are indeed some trolls (they like the taxman will always be with us) but for the most part, the people writing the reviews are people who care about the music. you can see it from what they say, and how they say it. will the ponoplayer be a world-beater and will it stay the course? realistically? hopefully yes. at the very least, the campaign has introduced the concept of good quality music to a lot of people. 16bit/44khz cd rips play superbly on the ibasso and on reportedly on the x5. no doubt they wil lalso on the ponoplayer. as long as ponomusic can get the music distribution system right, and it gains traction, we all win. @gary i'm an atheist so no god-particle, even though there may very well be a higgs boson particle. nevertheless, i'm living in hope for the pono. i've been a neil young listener since early buffalo springfield days and i'm still one. ponomusic have got a lot right. they're employing an irish firm to make the ponoplayer. better, the firm is from cork. it has to be good:-) sorry i can't be more definitive. i'm happy to be getting my csny le pono in october or before. that's about it. evening all
@wonder ? bread $$$ the regular 9018 does look like it has better specs.
all this has made me break out the eagles hotel california on dvd-a....simply amazing, nothing better than hearing it again sitting around on a rainy day in georgia.
9018 vs 9018k2m... k2m only has 2 dac cores on each chip (for stereo), so 2 k2m have a total of 4 dac cores, for dual-mono setup. on a single full fledged 9018, there is already 8 dac cores,which can do 8 channels output (i.e. 7.1ch setup), or like dx100, in a quad-mono setup (4 dac decoding single channels). so with all things equal, 9018 should still beat k2m easily. remember, k2m is actually more of a simplified 9018. when the chinese smarphone maker bbk vivo went to ess asking for a dumb down version of 9018 for portable use, ess answered with the k2m by taking away 6 of the 8 dac inside 9018. anyone support this info?
i'll take a ny le
@gary craig your cds can sound very good, with a good stereo and good source, including dacs. many of my cds sound excellent on my stereo. mind you, a have a ultra hi-end stereo, with phenomenal dual balanced burr-brown dacs. take care.
hi  neil if someone doesn't straight out their pledge can i change mine add the extra money and get a elton john
more info about ayre's contribution to the ponoplayer. 1) ayre's custom designed and implemented digital filter. it is minimum phase, with no unnatural (digital sounding) pre-ringing. all sounds made always have reflections and/or echoes after the initial sound. there is no sound in nature that has any echo or reflection before the sound, which is what conventional linear-phase digital filters do. this is one reason that digital sound has a reputation for sounding "unnatural". 2) all circuitry is zero-feedback. feedback can only correct an error after it has occurred, which means that it can never correct for all errors. by using proprietary ultra linear circuitry with wide bandwidth and low output impedance, there is no need for unnatural sounding feedback. 3) the dac chip used is the ess es9018, widely recognized in the audio and engineering community as the best sounding dac chip available today. 4) the output buffer used to drive the headphones is fully discrete so that all individual parameters and circuit values and parts quality can be fully optimized for the absolute finest sound quality. the output impedance is very low so that the pono player will deliver perfectly flat frequency response to any headphone made.
@gary, ponomusic is the "god particle" ecosystem - the distinction being "system" addressing proprietary platforms (apple's) exclusion of the hra files in favor of 5% audio compressed to death on that itunes tinfoil looney tunes thang ! pono has "let the dogs out" with this ponoplayer move here on kickstarter & supported that with the new ponomusic store !!!  (5% music to fund the 1% top wealthy lifestyle just sucked all the oxygen out of the concert hall) pono is making history here with full on hra unmolested audio !!! we win !!! long live pono !!!
@kinch re the ibassodx90, interesting to hear your comments. i bought into pono because of neil and the fact that i couldn't stand listening to mp3s, so desperately wanted a great sounding alternative. with your current player, i assume you think that pono will be the 'god particle' we all hope for? i am hoping for the separation and clarity that you are hinting at through the ibasso. by the way i am a dinosaur with 1300 cds in the back room!
no surprise i suppose, that there are issues with some of the backers' payments.  to be expected with over 18k individuals with varying degrees of tech savvy. i don't know kickstarter's rules and i'm too lazy to investigate, i just want to put this out into the ether.  if in a couple days, some of the backers of certain sold out rewards become failed backers, wouldn't it be great if those remaining rewards could be made available again for a brief window of opportunity for those that missed out.  or as a second chance for folks to work out their issues and get the rewards they wanted and remain backers of righteous music.
joel, if i'm not mistaken, @creator answered your question some time ago in this myriad of posts. he said 3.0 wasn't the standard so they would be going with the 2.0. if i'm wrong on this, anyone feel free to correct me but this is how i remember it!
i'm really hoping it will come with micro-usb 3.0 the prototype photos show 2.0 but hopefully the final models will be better
@kinch "hopefully the full es9018" yes!
@Шахов Дмитрий Владимирович for your enquiry re which ponoplayer you're signed up for, and to see if you can change to the one you want: please email support@ponomusic.com. @joe thanks. not to worry, i'm sure the ponoplayer will be excellent with the model of dac they go with, hopefully the full es9018:-)
check out update 29
@kinch i asked, they replied : we are not releasing that information at this time.
some jugs :)  jim kweskin & the jug band (with maria & geoff muldaur) http://m.youtube.com/watch… @geoff muldaur, http://m.youtube.com/watch…
@ kinch i'm sorry, i don't know - i don't think that was clarified by the pono team. any posting re tech specs generated a flurry from certain backers, the team didn't need the distraction. glad you're enjoying the basso. i haven't been interested in mobile music devices until pono came along. i play flacs from my laptop when away from home, pono with built-in dac seems a much better option :)
some sun history from chris isaak  http://vimeo.com/30157643 http://www.chrisisaak.com
@erast i bought an ibasso dx90, after the pono campaign re-kindled my interest. i rarely bothered listening to music via ipod or ipad. the dx90 is fantastic - the music, vocal, instruments, spacing come through delightfully. it will be interesting to compare the pono's implementation of the sabre 9018 with ibasso's, to see what ayre brought to the party. do you know whether it was ever clarified whether pono is using the 9018 or the 9018k2m? the ibasso uses a pair of the latter.
@ kinch i'm sure the ponomusic store will have good lines of communication prior to launch. this site has done its job but it seems lots of us can't bear to go away!
@erast fandorin: good find. it will be nice when the ponomusic.com store opens for business.
@Шахов Дмитрий Владимирович look to the right of the page ------------------------------------------>> next to the pono logo, at the bottom ( below 'san francisco, ca' ) is the phrase 'contact me'. click on that and write your message - that will go straight to the ponomusic team.
@Шахов Дмитрий Владимирович  your english is fine: well done google translate:-) i was going to suggest tweeting @pono https://twitter.com/pono but it appears a spectacularly unused method of communication, no posts at all from @pono since april 14th. i would certainly leave a tweet there, asking how you can contact ponomusic. the ponomusic.com website has no contact details for pono whatsoever that i can find anyway. looking through the kickstarter updates above, the only email address that i found for pono is artists@ponomusic.com. you could try emailing e.g. support@ponomusic.com and info@ponomusic.com explain your problem and ask them for a recommended solution. best of luck, kinch @
@christmachine: thanks for the good reads, keep it up! especially more epub books on the subject would be awesome
just don't throw out your backup medium, like that guy with the bitcoins....
@joel - you make a good point about "buying it once", and like you said hopefully with the quality of the pono tracks and the fact they will be drm free, that will be the case.
"15,000" is just an estimate of the number of people who have bought a pono player so far. there are countless people out there who are going to be interested in the new pono music store itself and perhaps have not even bought a pono device yet. i wouldn't mind the $15 - $25 as much if it were offered that way for many years in the past. unfortunately i have bought music over the years in any format from vinyl to mp3 and just wished that buying it once was enough. i know in theory it will be enough after the pono music store is online. i just hope the price gets lowered eventually on high quality music as it has with blu-ray movies being cheaper than dvds in most cases today. i will admit that the $15 - $25 price range makes a lot more sense than buying an album on itunes that was "mastered for itunes" a.k.a. low quality, and sold for $10 as just a download when you can buy the album on cd at best buy for $8..
@brian - that is another good point.  and, come october, if the player lives up to expectations, they way well have 15000 "evangelists" spread globally preaching to anyone who will listen.
lots of potential pono customers will already own lossless players so the customer base will be higher than 15,000.
@joel @benjamin - also guys, those prices are "per album". i can't speak for other locations but in australia at least, prices for cd's vary in a similar range. new release cds from au$20-30 depending on artist/label. and the big point with pono is, what you are getting is generally going to be much better than cd quality.
please tell me how i can adjust my order? i first ordered the yellow ponoplayer, then decided to book artist signature series: lyle lovett, like the right reissued, but when it confirmed payment saw that mistake and ordered pono clear ... :( what do i do now? help please! thank you in advance understanding and support! ps: sorry for my english, use google translator :)
joel, the administrative overheads for a web shop per song selling to an initial audience of 15,000 members is going to be a lot higher than itunes etc. which have a pool of millions of end users.  also none of the other shops are having to do the same level of due diligence per recording added.  thankfully the cost premium does not simply relate to the expenses involved in delivering the service, the end quality and product is better than any of the competition so you are getting something in return for that extra money.
the one thing i don't understand are the prices of the future music downloads on the pono music store. $15 - $25? i think it's a little steep. i'm surprised neil young isn't fighting for this one. it's not like you are getting a physical copy here, just a digital download of the original master, which, i know is pretty impossible to find right now on the internet or anywhere else, but that doesn't justify the price. once recorded, it's not hard to dump the master into a wav file and then convert to flac. set a few things and wait. shouldn't take too long and doesn't require a lot of effort. so why the high prices? even $12 or so for an album would be a lot better; you also have to factor in that a lot of the music people are going to buy on the pono music store is music that they probably have already purchased in at least one medium already..
yup...adblock plus for me.
apart from them being annoying as well....
that's why blocking all pop-ups should be a default setting, until you know the site is safe.....
thanks jamie. ive had weird things happen with supposedly safe sites as well. what sometimes also happens at file lockers is 3rd party pop ups can contain malware or spyware and the hosting company is not aware of it. lesson for me though...
don't sweat it too much cm. my mcafee site advisor said the same about the ponomusic site for the first week or so until enough (mcafee enabled) traffic had gone through the site for mcafee to revise its listing. i tried the epub link, but given site was in dutch/german (and mine is rusty/non-existent) didn't go further.
i'm really sorry guys...i would never do anything to harm someone. the site is called uploaded.com it's a file locker in netherlands. the links were posted on a music site where hundreds of people downloaded and discussed it in a thread. so i posted someone elses links. i only left the last one which i uploaded for joe...the others i just took down. i've been using it to download for years never had a problem. i sincerely apologize. here's a google search on the company https://encrypted.google.com/#q=uploaded.to and a link . norton safesite which says it's safe https://safeweb.norton.com/report/show… again sorry for the inconvenience.
...and not to mentions the effectively instantaneous worldwide distribution at actual physical launch. once again...well done pono music team!!
incidentally at total of 11512 oct pledges (all types), 2035 pledged dec le's, 713 yellow & 889 black.  grand total of 15149 units i know the total has been stated elsewhere, but it is still an impressive number for something all but a privileged few (very few) have laid their hands (ears) on.
likewise dennis
@jamie mcleod i'm not worried about when they arrive, but can't wait to get them.
@dennis - my thoughts exactly. on a related point - given that the dec delivery came in after the initial 10000 unit was passed.  all of the unpledged oct units (adds up to 2596 including the unpledged dinner ponos) would probably be then replaced by pledged dec units, (le's first?), so hence the previous statement by @creator that dec delivery is at the latest but could be sooner.  that would be at least 5 or 6 of the dec le's.  just a thought.
@jamie mcleod my thinking is if the first to pledge drops out and you are #2, you become #1 of 499.
@dana @dennis - it makes sense that they would shuffle numbers down if people dropped out of the le's.  they have said repeatedly that only those pledged for will actually be manufactured, so the kr for example becomes a series of 7 (# of 7). i believe they have also indicated that you would likely find out your final number for the le around the time of the survey- ie once all of the payments etc have been confirmed. which again would seem to indicate a likely shuffling down of numbers if required.
@dana gibson they should have just dropped the total and moved everyone down accordingly.
@carolos i'm pretty sure they didn't reuse numbers when people cancelled their pledges.
got the blue screen of death something about amd video driver its rebooted twice now
@christmachine yeah use something simple like dropbox or google drive next time :)
@christmachine what the hell was that link to? virus checker went off keep warning dangerous site. keep  your spam to yourself please
no problem...enjoy!
@christmachine cool, thanks!
alright let's see if this works. go to http://www.christmachine.com/ and in the same post i just posted a new link to a file locker...let me know if you have any problem and that you got it.
playing it is one thing…playing it upside down is intention making a way, where there is no way  you gotta see this @creator!   https://www.youtube.com/watch…
let me see if i can do it...i'll get it to ya, hold on about 5 mins.
@christmachine no need to put it in a zip, just upload the pdf directly, so it's readable in the browser
@christmachine pdf pretty please :-)
@joe how come you can't download it...yeah i can put it in a zip file and upload it to a file locker. which version do you want?
@ian  yep we were young then!  in the early days of pono…the jokes were flying.  i think it was getting late and we were giting gitty :) mar 22nd   https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1003614822/ponomusic-where-your-soul-rediscovers-music/comments…
@christmachine could you upload that on something else? like google drive maybe...
@wonder  very cool!  i know they love the flow of ideas & love they are getting :)  i really hope to see a full blown pono festival!  i will attend!  lots of bands that support, pono vending & marketing booths, food vendors….150k people over a weekend :)  i'm ready!!!
@dan yeah it's quite an in depth investigation,,,as i said i had to spread it out over three days to finish it ...hehe. glad you enjoyed it kind sir! :)
@christmachine - thanks for the link. i am in the middle (almost) of the bill holland paper on label archives. it is really interesting and quite an eye opener. i am really glad you posted it. thanks!
@wonder ? bread $$$ i know right ? add some speakers too, all low latency.
another essential hi-rez reading download and other new posted candy. come download it ...i know you pono people will like this, you will see why i call it esssential. http://www.christmachine.com/
@joe, one last experiment... just occurred that might really be nice would be the combination of the two headsets tethered together at the same time [ wearing the bone conduction forward on the temple while listening to the traditional over ear headset ]  full sonic immersion :)
@joe, i wonder "pun" if the pono team tried any of the bone conductive technology with the pono r&d players ? http://www.wired.com/2012/05/aftershokz/
@joe, vocals tend to work the bones / flesh really isn't great working the sound / odd but opera singers learn this early (random) found this analog / digital reference (too tech for me) might support your  posts : http://clas.mq.edu.au/speech/acoustics/frequency/analog_digital.html
50k ftw
@joe that's cool. what are you looking at ?
'@joe how about 1 to 50k
@3d read this : http://www.cco.caltech.edu/~boyk/spectra/spectra.htm >:(
howdy all, been gone a couple days, long long other day then free day not so free, etc... i just sat down to catch up with 2 days worth of posts and wouldn't you know it i get a phone call and must leave. @capacitor & @joe have not read back but for hearing 20k one must usually be very young of age. and as far as i know not much of anything other than synth goes up that far. i think riveted symbols can generate some really high frequencies but i forget the details, have not seen or heard for many years. if i am way off sorry as only seeing the end bit as i just logged in and must head out, gonna be way more now to catch up :( lol i see some of the all gone le units ended up not being all gone.
@everyone, "so freaking happy :) i did this !!! "
@capacitor or lower than 20hz!
@capactitor get headphones that goes over 22khz
@joe i was referring 20k freq to p5 headphones.
@carlos, hey! i copied you're suggestion - gave you credit carlos - countdown clock - on the ponomusic page - great idea ! sent it to hamm & now cheese :)
@joe  what goes over 20khz?
@wonder i think they will keep the board at least until the last items are delivered.  december!
how long before they close this forum :) or can we have it till october ;) i missed you guys!!! sorry... this thing just chokes me up here... i'm ok... just kinda emotional to see ya all here :) ps it took 2 days to process via amazon but everything went through (all 6 ponos le & a clear and ... yea i got one of the kr :)
@capacitor go over 20khz ! :d
time for some dark side of the moon, capacitor:-) set the controls for the heart of the sun and a few echoes.
cont. frequency response 20k
your p5 specsproducts headphones / headsets bowers & wilkins bowers & wilkins p5 compare it compare 0 inshare overviewfull specsuser reviews tech specs hardware weight	0.43 pounds color	black / silver design	on-ear physical attachment	vertical connection type	wired (3.5mm) in-line remote	yes audio drivers per ear	1 microphone	yes impedance	26 Ω frequency response (low)	10 hz frequency response (high)	20000 hz
@bill toncic jr: if you have any melody gardot recordings, you are in for a treat with your x5. eva cassidy is also sounding wonderful; as do dire straits, leonard cohen, amy winehouse and keith jarrett. the clarity, separation and placement of instruments are all superb. big grin stuff. the dx90 seems to have loads of power. it can certainly drive b&w p5s and shure 840 without bother. i gave rory gallagher's best of taste a run and it was a revelation. roll on pono.
http://www.cco.caltech.edu/~boyk/spectra/spectra.htm feel this.
@kinch: it would have been great, but this is kickstarter's format and comment board, not pono's. they have nothing to do with it. so yeah. while all of things would be super great, it was never going to happen. ponomusic had no control over kickstarter's format.
@o'boogie: chacun à son goût. most forums allow editing of posts.  an editing capability on this particular stream of consciousness might have saved some of the controversy which arose between posters. the information quotient would have vastly improved. the possibility to edit formatting would also have been useful. some kind of search capability would have saved a lot of 1s and 0s, if not a few trees.
@ douglas - grateful dead?  no, no idea i'm afraid.
@ ian - sorry just getting a bit excited about what i may find on saturday re mr young and of course my other money put mr bowie. ; )
@douglas ???
@ ian - have you got to the bottom of the 3 disc cow palace release? there was a 3 disc release a couple of years back and a four disc vol 1 & 2 but this 3lp release i just can't find anything about. pity were not getting the vol 5-8 till later.
i guess we lost some backers, as i am backer 18997 and i did my last pledge with 20 seconds to go.  or maybe i am missing something.
@bill tomcic jr let us know how it sounds! i am tempted to do the same :)
me
so who going to their local vinyl record store on saturday for annual record store day?
eno and ono are their real names of course. brian peter george st john le baptiste de la salle eno to be precise for the former.
it is pretty funny that one of the "reviews" of the pono thought that the name was poor.  never read a comment like that about bono, ono or eno.
@ carmen p agreed. i think people are getting withdrawal symptoms without the daily news and interaction!
@carmen, you're spot on!
@kinch i agree.  i got my fiio x5 last week & am enjoying the heck out of it and,i'm still excited to be getting my pj le edition in october. pono.this site got me to the point of not wanting to wait until october to experience music the way it should sound, which is why i got the fiio x5 & with it the fiio e12 amp & beyerdynamic dt 880 pros. without the comments from people with much more expertise than me, i would probably still be listening to my mp3's. as i sit writing this, i am ripping cds to flac w/the dbpoweramp which was suggested by many on this site. pono has opened my eyes in terms of how i should listen to my music & i'm excited to see if in october my pono player matches or betters my x5!
why is everyone so worried and questioning everything?  just sit back, relax and trust in what pono has promised.  receive your player and enjoy it.  if it's delayed by a bit, don't have a cow...just be patient and wait a little longer.  good things are worth waiting for. i'm just as excited as everyone else here is, but my time is too important to loose sleep and worry about concerns that essentially are just fears we are making up.  some of the comments on here are ridiculous.  trust in pono and neil as they have too much to loose for not delivering what they promised.
yoko ono bono pono (and eno) joke came out on day two or three... ;o)
@erast, you are clearly right about that. holy shiz. i just can't.
@daniel waldron you must have missed my earlier yoko ono bono pono joke. got there first! ;-)
rick gregory, i'm with you on the captain beyond releases. that would be great! i bought my import (japan) cd copies at a record store in winnipeg, manitoba.
@ o'boogie i think some people 'let the good times roll' a little too much!
i can't follow the random, "free-form" writing style of some people here—it wouldn't matter what kind of forum it was in. yikes. it makes my eyes bleed.
@rick, there are already a good no. of excellent daps out there, from e.g. a&k, fiio, hiifiman, ibasso etc. there is a market for good quality music, and hires if possible. the fiio x5 and the ibasso dx90 are at a similar price level as the ponoplayer. which will turn out to be the best of those three? i don't know. i got my dx90 yesterday and it is excellent and makes listening to music a pleasure. i trust my csny le ponoplayer will be at least as good as the dx90. if better, than yeehaa:-) the 18k backers here are a nice indicator of good will and willingness to back the concept. p.s. i agree that pono should get a proper forum running asap. it's not rocket science, and it's absolutely not a new concept. they are ing a good advertising medium by not having one now.. @rick ponopeople.org is useful and a good stop-gap and well done kyle french for setting it up. the kind of forum pono needs, and that we as pono buyers need, is a lot broader and differently laid than ponopeople.org 's. have a look at e.g. head-fi.org or avforums.com to see what i mean.
calm down @rick, if you've read the faq, you knew what you were getting yourself into. if you don't like the comment section here, check out ponopeople.
...by "soon" i meant decenber/2014 -wow, and wtf is with that,  geezzz,  by then the whole world map could change.  :(
i gotta admit,  if this (ponomusic/player) would've and definitely could've come out +5 years ago, with or without steve jobs' blessing(lol),  than ny would have won !!! -but hey, no guts, no glory, still, it's better late than never, and besides, how was he to know the gov/music industry tried to "f_uch" him around, for the last few years'. ?!  why? -'cause that's what mommy told me. ;) well, hang in there ponoppl, we'll see it all soon, for better, or worse.
or maybe big bird.
@cap, except maybe the birddawg !
@capacitor,  should there be any other kinda bird? ;)
free bird
"allman brothers band", and especially "lynard synard"  that's right, the one and only abb, and ls, why? - beecause, it's high time. :)
how could i omit ron sexsmith from my modern top 10?  top 10s are very tricky!
@erast. got it -thanks.  but still, i think there shouild be an (honest/free) tool for the average "joe" to verify the actual (original)-recorded-sample rates,..., anyway, you know what i mean. - it's not that we don't trust corps, but we do not trust any corps, meaning, does anybody ? ;) ok, that's all. -thanks again. rick and janet.
@ rick g scroll down to the date i mentioned - that's in regard to provenance / no upsampling.
once again, thanks @ernast but that link. this one: https://www.kickstarter.com/profile/1003614822/comments  simply sneds me to more convoluted and un-ending stream of other "serail" posts,...?  do i search for "whats the cut" ?
@erast fandorin -thankyou very much,  for the link for that other request i posted. ;)\ - man i hate this stoopid posting/comment scheme here.
lastly, this site is very important, and yet kickstarter has this almost useless blog scheme. - no editor -and no, i don't mean just for silly "typos". - no forum traceability. ?!  -this is a big "caveat" here. in fact, kickstarter/ponomusic  should have had a more forum style, which can be followed by all more easily and more understandably better, instead of this useless "everything gets lost down the pipe within 10 posts ?" moderation does not mean ex-communication. i appreciate the efforts of the kickstarter folk trying to answer every single "serial" post but geeez, it must be hard on you guys/gals, 'fer sure. ? thanks.
a list of hopefuls 1  godspeed you black emperor:- f#a#(infinity) 2 nick drake. ;- five leaves left 3. echo & the bunneymen. :-   ocean rain 4 gary numan :-the pleasure principle 5 cocteau twins. :- heaven or last vegas.  6. beach boys :- pet sounds 7. dead can dance :-within the realms of a dying sun 8.  shack. waterpistol actually there's loads which is a nice dilemma to have.
@ rick gregory that was covered by creator on april 13th go to https://www.kickstarter.com/profile/1003614822/comments
a feature that i think should be a "standard" -is a test/check on ponomusic's site, so that the "buyer" know exactly what the original masters',.., were "sampled" at.  -i mean, there's no sense in cripping ppl off, for an upsampled 44, being sold as a 192 ? -get it ?  if not, then this(ponomusic) will sadly be no better than hdtracks, no matter what the "cut" is,  -and look what their "rep" is like now :(
a feature that i believe would be helpful at least for me on the pono download site would be if there were something like a top 10 or some other number downloaded songs by genre. my need for this would be to expand my taste in music. i see this as a way of indicating what the new community thinks is worth listening to. just a thought.
@daniel waldron - the yoko pono ..... oh no... i am ashamed i didn't come up with that one.
here's a "bump" for "captain beyond"  yes, mostly because of their first and best album, i hope ponomusic can get a hold of the original masters of this long-forgotten, but magical prog-rock group from cali,, especially since 2 of the original founders have sadly passed-away. :(
@eduard, for sure, love and lost love are both great sources of inspiration.  there are many great break up albums.
so uhmm, "what's the cut ?" http://www.billboard.com/biz/articles/news/5930433/whats-your-cut-neil-youngs-pono-talk-at-sxsw-gets-awkward  imho - ponoplayer backers/future owners do have a right to know how the money/"cut" is all divided up here.  if hamm has nuthin' to hide, then why hide at all ? for example:   i paid $425 for my ponoplayer, but will i still also have to pay the same amount for a 24/192 "ponomusic" album(flac download), that someone else who did not buy into the "ponoplayer" does ??? cheers.
@ eduard nuijen joni mitchell's 'circle game' was apparently written in response to neil young's 'sugar mountain' (no romance involved).
@brian : yes, is love not a great source of inspiration? so who inspired joni mitchell for the song "circle game"
@all responds thanks fellow backers i guess i missed out some informations i could get myself
new posting. 	 project update #28: the first time... posted by the ponomusic team ♥ like to our incredible kickstarter community, thank you for joining us in this whirlwind of a journey. it was amazing every step of the way, and we cannot believe it’s already over. thank you for supporting our efforts, and for supporting ponomusic. you did this solely based on confidence in our team and our vision. with the end of our kickstarter, we wanted to reflect on how it all began. this is what we felt during our first time with ponomusic... “i heard it. it was pono." – neil young “i was stunned to hear what i'd never heard before…it made it so, so much better.” – john hamm "i heard it full again…i experienced the same feelings as when i committed my life to music.” elliot roberts “it felt like finding a long lost best friend.” – pedram abrari “it was like listening in 3d, pinpointing the instruments and voices across a broad and deep stage with amazing clarity.” – phil baker “surreal…music felt as it has from my old albums.” – gigi brisson “for the first time in years, i sat back, and truly listened to the music.” – franz krachtus “i closed my eyes and thought...so this is what it’s supposed to sound like.” – alex daly we hope you feel the same way when the music hits you too. much love and respect, the ponomusic team
@ marty tache still to be revealed! it is uncertain (to us) whether pono will have sufficient manufacturing capacity to have players available for general sale in october - guess you'll have to watch the website. (cue howls of anguish from later-model backers if it does go on general sale in october - we will have to wait till december for our rewards ).
the first thing on the timeline that we know about is the thanks on the website....that's due in april. although it's not an integral part of getting the players to us it's something we can use to see if they're on track.
@joe, inger marie gundersen - make this moment is the best quality recording i have ever heard, great material too.
my guess is that some if not most the lists are more related to content. if you wanted to "show off" your pono's capability when it gets here and you could only pick one album to do so what would it be? of course this is based on the pono site actually providing the best available content.
i understand that the device will be available in october for the public; please correct me if i'm wrong. if this is so, do we order the pono on-line or will stereo shops be selling it? regards marty
1.  bruce springsteen- born to run 2.  pearl jam-ten 3.  frank sinatra-old blue eyes is back 4.  bruce springsteen-the wild,the innocent & the e street shuffle 5.  bruce springsteen-darkness on the edge of town 6.  jackson browne-late for the sky 7.  carole king-tapestry 8.  blood,sweat & tears-blood,sweat & tears 9.  southside johnny & the asbury jukes-hearts of stone 10.fleetwood mac-rumours i'm sure in an hour from now, i"ll think of others to add, but for now......
cool
@eduard, that man from blackpool was the inspiration for blue.
@ richheart "open up the gates of the church and let me out of here  too many people have lied in the name of christ  for anyone to heed the call  so many people have died in the name of christ  that i can't believe it all"  cs&n was that not just our man from blackpool?
my modern top 10 would be: 1. elliott smith - either/or 2. sufjan stevens - illinoise 3. radiohead - ok computer 4. beck - sea change 5. paul simon - graceland 6. fleet foxes - fleet foxes 7. johnny cash - solitary man 8. elliott smith - xo 9. teenage fanclub - grand prix 10. john prine - in spite of ourselves
so difficult to narrow a lifetime of music into just ten albums but worth it for the discipline. it is funny how this list shifts and changes. i wonder how much it will change post-pono? 1. david bowie - hunky dory 2. bob dylan - the freewheelin' bob dylan 3. radiohead - ok computer 4. nine inch nails - year zero 5. nancy griffith - last of the true believers 6. my chemical romance - the black parade 7. joni mitchell - blue 8. kate bush - the dreaming 9. elbow - the seldom seen kid 10. conor oberst - conor oberst keep in mind that the next twenty are david bowie related...
come one guys... you signed for a kickstarter project, with every pros ² cons you're very aware of (or on wich you would need to be). don't push the things, let the guys do their job as they want with the quality they promised : that's the kickstarter phylosophy. we're not on amazon right here ! so please be patient, please propose things and not ask for control or insurances... every minute or money spent to answer personnal jugement is a minute or money not spent on the basics of the project. by the way, thanks ponomusic for this. that will really rock my world.
@eduard, i had hejira on my list - joni is fabulous!
@chun seung hwan: at the project home page, under risks and challenges, the current status of the player is described: "our next step is to do one more revision of our electronics board, implementing some specific additional audio technology from ayre acoustics". so the player is far from ready for production. but i feel confident that the pono player will sound awsome. i have faith in ayre and neil.
@all : i like all these lists! that is what it is all about, the music. i will make a list later but want to mention one artist (from canada no less!) not mentioned yet but is one of my all time favorites: joni mitchell. i have the hi-res album blue and the sound is just amazing.
@csh - check the home page here for the project and i think you will find answers to most of your questions. also all of the updates, you may have to read it all though as a lot of stuff has been added as they went during the campaign
csh, look to the right-based in san francisco,california
im just so desperate to get my pono player in october, and its very hard not to be curious about the process pono player is currently in.  what i mean is:  i want to know in what state is my,  our,  pono player is in. has it started the mass-produce?  or are you working on the finishing touch of the software or the online market? i have no idea because,  if im not wrong,  unlike other kickstarter programs,  pono player didn't exactly explain for what the money was needed, and in what state this program is in.  i can only see that the design and the program is done and nothing else. not even exactly which artists' musics will their be. just asking out of curiosity^^
does anybody really know what time it is? does anybody really care? chicago https://www.google.co.il/url…
does anybody know when the music-store is launching? :)
i hope the pono store will have this song when they launch http://www.youtube.com/watch…
btw i don't see many speak about it, and it's not a big concern for me, but it's nice to know it was confirmed a few weeks ago that ponoplayer will support dsd. the more formats supported the better. "ponoplayer will support dsd playback if not right away, via a firmware upgrade shortly after launch. as far as dsd being the super audio format, some in the hi-res audio world may disagree. our store will only sell flac however, even though we'll support dsd playback." https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1003614822/ponomusic-where-your-soul-rediscovers-music/comments…
enjoyed reading the album lists. weird how many of the bands listed i have seen, ( or members of these bands). 1 thing struck me though, most are from 60s or 70s. while i agree totally, i grew up in the eighties, ( 15 in 1980), i have to say, it was by far the worst decade, musically, to get your influences. i immediately went back, ( drifting back), to the earlier decades and struck gold with steve marriott, small faces, faces etc. i have never had much interest in the music of the eighties. obviously some exceptions, such as stevie ray vaughan etc. must go to work now....pay                                                                    on                                                                    nose                                                                    or...........lose the thing!
@peter i would like a polite retraction, please.
imagine - is my anthem my take on all religion and prejudice is summed up by: "open up the gates of the church and let me out of here too many people have lied in the name of christ for anyone to heed the call so many people have died in the name of christ that i can't believe it all" cs&n
@peter any particular inference with the "oy vey"?
oy vey with the albums ...
oh yeah,  plastic ono band - john lennon night at the opera - queen chicago 2 orleans - before the dance eagles - one of these nights gerry rafferty - city to city fleetwood mac - rumours billy joel - the stranger paul mccartney - band on the run george harrison - concert for bangla-desh oasis - morning glory the outlaws pure prairie league elvis costello - my aim is true dido - life for rent doobie brothers - stampede crosby & nash - wind on the water peter frampton - frampton comes alive joe jackson - night and day lynyrd skynyrd - pronounced.... playn' jayn - friday the 13th supertramp - crime of the century tower of power
i really feel like they missed a great opportunity to have a limited edition yoko pono!
i reckon that we are most connected to the albums we hit adolescence with (1970 for me).  10 albums, sure to miss some but here goes: little feat - last record album simon & garfunkel's gh (first album i ever bought). elton john - don't shoot me, i'm only the piano player sting - dream of the blue turtles dire straits - making movies kansas - leftoverture jackson browne - late for the sky beatles - sgt. pepper pink floyd - the wall the who - tommy ost rickie lee jones yep, 11 but i can't delete. so you can choose :)
it will take a while for it all to be remastered but it will be a fun ride
essentially everyone wants to listen to everything they have ever loved with fresh ears ready to take it all in
i'll try to make a list tomorrow. it's really difficult to pare it down!
i'll play, but rather than a list.... http://www.last.fm/user/anothertribe
top of the morning to everyone while i deal with the bottom of the night.
@joe burroughs well said. we are on a journey that only ends in the embrace of music.
the trolls left because they thought this would end now.....what they don't realize is that it was just the end of the beginning.....the beginning of listening to quality music anywhere  anytime. and i for one can't wait.
who else is digging the silence of the trolls? so nice to get back to where we once belonged: the music. also: any love here for the decemberists?  their meticulously recorded stuff should sound great.
wow, great lists everybody! copied the entire page to my notes so i can look for all of these! just wanted to add gato http://www.youtube.com/watch… and everything neil has ever done.
seals and crofts grand funk railroad pat benatar blondie simon and garfunkel three dog night janice joplin rare earth elp elo steve miller band rush dianna ross rolling stones credence clearwater allman brothers zeppelin pink floyd yes the who four seasons carly simon heart tracy chapman the knack nirvana tull queen fifth dimension moody blues frampton eagles the illusions kraftwerk billy joel styx deep purple doobie brothers kate bush phebe snow and many more....
more of my list: pink floyd: dsotm, the wall, piper coltrane: a love supreme lz: i, ii, iii, iv, physical graffiti muddy waters: electric mud vu: vu and nico, light / heat clash: london calling neil young: arc / weld
now we're talkin' andy palacio.     watina the seldom scene.         live at the cellar door waterboys.             fisherman's blues pogues.           rum, sodomy and the lash springsteen.        wild, the innocent... john coltrane.      lush life the band.      music from big pink john hammond.     wicked grin led zep.       i the allman brothers.       (first one) how can you stop at 10?
41.  curtis mayfield -roots 42.  the rolling stones -emotional rescue 43.  son volt -sraightaways 44.  james brown -live at the apollo 45.  phish -junta 46.  dan hicks & his hot licks 47.  elvis presley -from elvis in memphis 48.  radiohead -the bends 49.  air -love2 50.  david gilmour -on an island
everyone thanks for the great lists. i hope you see these on pono. especially the clash ;)
have a good one @rick!
jim and i put together a list! the doors la woman rolling stones sticky fingers jefferson airplane crown of creation grateful dead american beauty quicksilver messenger service (that is the title!) santana (that is the title, 1st album!) janis joplin pearl beatles abbey road the byrds fifth dimension buffalo springfield retrospective neil young harvest moon big brother and the holding company cheap thrills jefferson airplane after bathing at baxters hot tuna burgers country joe and the fish electric music for mind and body the who who's next the band songs from big pink bob dylan desire bob dylan nashville skyline jethro tull benefit led zepplin i led zepplin ii rolling stones beggars banquet rolling stones let it bleed too many to mention...:d
31.  neil young -tonight's the night 32.  pink floyd -meddle 33.  emmylou harris -elite hotel 34.  dire straits -dire straits 35.  the velvet underground & nico 36.  ween -chocolate & cheese 37.  wilco -summerteeth 39.  santana -lotus 40.  tegan and sara -so jealous
gotta roll guys. see you all soon.  go pono go!
my top 10 albums system of a down - toxicity placebo - once more with feeling disturbed - ten thousand fists muse - absolution collective soul - seven year itch billy talent - billy talent the dandy warhols - thirteen tales from urban bohemia weezer - weezer (blue album) wolfmother - wolfmother coheed and cambria - second stage turbine blade
@dennis - you go for it first! i've mentioned around 35. its a long way to 500.
elp.
@wc - don't forget the vaughn brothers - family style. now that was a surprise!
listen......do you hear the silence....of trolls?
how about we go for the top 500?
hi @o'boogie, give it a shot. :)
wcs going for his top 50!
by the way, if any of you loved iron butterfly's in-a-gadda-da-vida, you must hear the collector's - what love. a canadian group that didn't really go international but should have. (the eventually became chilliwack.) one of the best sax solos too in that song too.
#1 album "dark side of the moon"
robin trower, free, rainbow
21.  david grisman -dawganova 22.  stevie ray vaughan and double trouble -the sky is crying 23.  john mclaughlin and the mahavishnu orchestra 24.  eric clapton -journeyman 25.  hot tuna-live at sweetwater 26.  indigenous-things we do 27.  the allman brothers band -an evening with the allman brothers band 28.  neil young -old ways 29.  the free design -kites are fun 30.  the doors -the soft parade
o'b, go on, give it a try!
there are a wealth of bands to choose from.....lets hope the pono store gets them all.
@everyone! all of your albums are great, i know and love most of them and want them on my pono. but i am going to list just one album for now, and that is how i like to listen to them, by album, not individual songs, are you kidding me! my 1st album to list, and i wonder why it has not been mentioned here on the pono projects comments page except in the beginning, and to say that these artists may to too tied to apple, which i don't think is the case. the albums is u2 the joshua tree. it is melodic. it is my favorite album.
montrose, spirit, uriah heep
i don't think i could pick just ten records. almost impossible!
@brian @peter - another one that was across the generations - john lee hooker.
oh i did songs, didn't realise it was for full albums
zepplin, tull, cream, clapton, rush, moody blues, pink floyd, knack, b-52s, leonard cohen, jeff beck, queen, carly simon, jay and the americans, brubeck, frampton, yardbirds, loggins and masena, the byrds, arlo guthrie, j giles.....too many to list.
@brian grand funk railroad
i'm enjoying this, some of these records i have never heard but may do very soon.
anyone remember beacon street union?
@rick, stevie wonder, nick drake, the band etc.
picking just 10 is hard... system of a down - chop suey the dandy warhols - sleep cake - the distance billy talent - the dead can't testify collective soul - heavy the cardigans - erase/rewind placebo - protége moi roxette - almost unreal gorillaz - feel good inc. disturbed - i'm alive
go dana go!  steppenwolf, blind faith, the yardbirds, jeff beck (still going strong!),  procol harum, blue cheer, and of course, frank zappa.
to the project leaders:  you might want to check on that survey idea before you send it out.  some of the ks that i've pledged to have said that they can only send one survey to the people who pledged.  and if you are shipping the pono's in october, then you do not want to ask people for their mailing address in april.  you want to ask in october. there are ways to handle that, of course, but i wanted you to check into the details before you launch a survey.
my list: tapestry - carole king kind of blue - miles davis revolver - beatles joe's garage - frank zappa trout mask replica - captain beefheart all things must pass - george harrison dark magus - miles davis the doors - the doors in the court of the crimson king - king crimson
oh yeah.... traffic, sandy denny, the clash, joe strummer and the mescaleros, the moody blues..... little feat, genesis, all incarnations of pink floyd
@peter, i agree!
@brian, @dana, it's too hard!  i can't take it!  just kidding, nice lists @all, myself, i have a weekly rotation.
i just want all of you to know how i fell about this remarkable righteous thing that neil young has pursued!  can you imagine how much joy it is going to bring to folks!!!  how many smiles :) https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@wc, our posts overlapped, and amounted to the same thing.  these lists may give the pono music team a head start :-)
@dana - man the 60s rocked! the 70s too - e.g. johnny winter.
fairport convention..............liege and lief led zeppelin.........................iv bob dylan.............................bob dylan bob marley............................legend the byrds..............................turn! turn! turn! poco.......................................pickin' up the pieces neil young.............................after the goldrush (plus 4 or 5 others) joni mitchell...........................clouds flying burrito brothers...........the flying burrito bros the who.................................who's next this is too difficult......there are 50 other albums that i might include. early fleetwood mac..........bare trees, then play on, peter green's fleetwood mac creedence, emmylou, linda ronstadt, early bonnie raitt, john mayal, yardbirds, randy newman, mountain and so on, and so on and so on
@rick i only know the latter. grew up in connecticut fwiw
@peter, rick, wc it's way too difficult to limit it to ten but making it twenty would be similarly difficult for me.  i omitted the velvet underground & nico which may well be my favourite album!  and picking the best albums by bob, joni, miles and neil is too hard.
11.  pink floyd - wish you were here 12.  neil young -trans 13.  mf grimm -american hunger 14.  los lobos -just another band from east l.a. 15.  spinal tap -this is spinal tap 16.  tortoise -tnt 17.  uncle tupelo -anodyne 18.  neil young and crazy horse -broken arrow 19.  john coltrane -lush life 20.  gram parsons sorry, i could go on forever:)
@peter - remember these more esoteric groups? coliseum, west coast pop art experimental band, hot tuna, fever tree, country joe and the fish, the collectors? and then, of course, mainstays like the moody blues, rod stewart with small faces, ten years after... it never ends!
@wc kudos on comes a time. it's one of my all-time favorite records. already one is my favorite ny song and i think it's a very special record overall.
@peter rustin - impossible really, like limiting your food intake to ten items. mmmm steak!
@brian, here's mine in no particular order however it varies from month to month. 1.  neil young -comes a time 2.  pink floyd -the wall 3.  bjork -debut 4.  neil young and crazy horse -everybody knows this is nowhere 5.  critters buggin -guest 6.  jerry garcia band -how sweet it is (live) 7.  the gorillaz -plastic beach 8.  herbie hancock -thrust 9.  bebel gilberto -bebel gilberto 10. mark knopfler -saling to philadelphia
born in 1956. i feel your pain.
@rick, narrowing it down to ten is really hard.  i too grew up in the 60s but every decade has had great albums, some decades more than others!
@brian milligan - yeah, i didn't even mention bob dylan and he was a cornerstone of that generation's music.
not to mention the doors la woman. it's tough to narrow this down, isn't it
great lists, guys. bob dylan. doh!
@brian milligan - i could give you a list of 50 and i wouldn't even be scratching the surface. i grew up in the music renaissance that was the 60s and thought that the music would always be great - sadly that wasn't the case. don't get me wrong; there's is great music today and in every generation, but that one was really special. anyway here is a short list of some of my favs with a bit of cheating. rolling stones - gimme shelter  iron butterfly - in-a-gada-da-vida  the doors - the doors & morrison hotel  quicksilver messenger service - happy trails  jethro tull - this was & stand up  cream - disraeli gears & wheels of fire  pink floyd - dark side of the moon  big brother and the holding company - cheap thrills  jefferson airplane - crown of creation  the beatles - white album and, of course a must in any rock collection - jimi hendrix - electric ladyland
in no particular order i'd go for: blood on the tracks	bob dylan highway 61 revisted	bob dylan a love supreme	       john coltrane hejira	                       joni mitchell what's going on	       marvin gaye kind of blue	               miles davis after the goldrush	       neil young pet sounds	               the beach boys revolver	                       the beatles astral weeks 	               van morrison
@rick gagnon ok didn't think they were doing any more developing or taking any changes into consideration was more thinking as soon as they could they would be making them. delay to october i thought had to do with the store they want to open. didn't pay any attention to fiio as this is supposed to be the best of anything imaginable.
jackson browne.  sorry.
@brian it's visceral, and then i realize who isn't there.  the beatles. jackson brown. ny/ch. talking heads. elvises costello/presley. johnny cash. best to take it in and breathe hard.
@peter, thanks, i'm amazed at your speed, i usually find it really tricky and my list is also dynamic.
tjc - that's still up in the air considering they're still in the development phase. for example, they saw all the complaints people were making about the ui on the fiio players and said they going over this aspect of the pono stuff with a fine tooth comb to make sure they provide the best ui possible on the pono. although i don't expect the ponos to go out before october, i'd rather they were a bit late without bugs or ui issues, etc. @creator (or neil, can't remember which) also said that the dec ponos might well deliver early.
@brian, i love this game!!! order is changeable, but basically: 1. london calling, the clash 2. quadrophenia, the who 3. wild gift, x 4. after the gold rush, neil young 5. all mod cons, the jam 6. vampire weekend, vampire weekend 7. rem, automatic for the people 8. blue, joni mitchell 9. the wild, the innocent and the e street shuffle,bruce springsteen 10. fight songs, old 97's :-)
any word on the manufacturing process yet and shipping dates??
@rick, thanks for the info.
many years ago i had a trainee actuary working with me who was really into music.  his way of getting to know the team was to ask all members to give him a list of their top ten favourite albums.  so, i say to the regulars on here, put up a list please, it might even be fun!
actually, more like 17,717!
@tw - yeah, i'm pretty sure they'll do that. one of the early creator responses to this question said that they would give it a try. i'm sure everybody would like to know, especially those who pledged to a specific le early on or tried to make sure they had the last one sold.
@o'b that's too funny! i didn't even know there were comments for the updates! @dennis i believe @rick is pulling your leg! :d i'm #7!
will we find out in advance what number we have on the pono before shipment?
time for dinner....bbl.
@dennis, quite, i have been hearing these scientific claims about digital music since the early 80s. with great flac files and great dacs/daps the digital sound is getting way, way better but enough with the scientific claims!
@dennis lane  my credit card experience was a nightmare!
@rick gagnon if you are correct i better check my credit card too....lol
no.....i only pledged twice.
@dennis       would you believe numbers 7, 84 and 493?
@rick gagnon great list....now tell me which number ponos i got...lol.
@brian milligan  it's almost like asking science what is good art.
hey everybody, here is a list of the pono player backer totals before final dropouts due to lapse in payment. delivery	sold 	pono player extrodinaire oct	         100	        early bird (black) oct	      2,563	        black oct	      1,324	        yellow dec	         888	        black dec	         713	        yellow oct	         500	        neil young dec	         500	        neil young with crazy horse oct	         500	        crosby, stills, nash & young oct	         500	        metallica oct	         500	        pearl jam oct	         499	        crosby, stills & nash oct	         498	        tom petty oct	         492	        foo fighters oct	         468	        patti smith oct	         456	       james taylor oct	         397	       herbie hancock oct	         392	       red hot chili peppers oct	         374	       norah jones oct	         365        beck dec	         364	       pono clear oct	         358	       willie nelson oct	         336	       dave matthews band oct	         324	       arcade fire dec	         313	       grateful dead dec	         275	       the eagles dec	         251	       buffalo springfield oct	         193	       jackson browne oct	         126	       lenny kravitz dec	         111	       elton john oct	           96	       my morning jacket dec	           72	       zz top dec	           57	       tegan and sara oct	           55	       lyle lovett dec	           44	       emmylou harris dec	           34	       kings of leon dec	             7	       kenny rogers dec	             7	       portugal the man oct	           30	       vip dinner w/ neil young oct	           30	       vip dinner w/ neil young new york-1 oct	           21	       vip dinner w/ neil young new york-2 oct	           15	       vip dinner w/ neil young chicago-1 total    15,148
@brian milligan  brian your ears are the ultimate test.....scientific measurements are just guides....and not very good ones.
@jonathan, "sonically the apple usb is scientifically better." sorry that is just not true.  when you play the flac files through your digital player, you will get one sound, when you play your vinyl on your linn turntable you will get another sound.  the digital sound is not magically better, it is just different. my comparison of sonny rollins, saxophone colossus via my rega planar 9 or my dap tells me that the turntable/45rpm test pressing vinyl sounds way better than the best digital copy of the same album through my dap.  if a scientist can measure the dap to be better, he/she needs to get better measurement tools.  i trust my ears.
strange feeling paying for things now that won't come till oct and dec. but that is the price for believing in pono. which i gladly do.  only 200 more cds to rip.....no rush i have time.
@treatise i hope the ponomusic store opens soon b/c they could lose a lot of sales to hd tracks.
you are = you're. hand.
your a joke
@o'b no worries! @anthony you know you can dispute the charge, especially if it was on a credit card. i doubt very seriously that you will be responsible for a pledge that you did not make. are you sure that you cancelled that pledge? i know i had to be very careful to keep all of my pledges straight. you said you checked the email that the pledge was on and it said canceled, did you also check the ks account that the email went to and make sure the pledge was canceled?
keep classing up the place, siltech.
treatise, go troll somewhere else.  ha ha
the sony player also has 128gb storage, but doesn't say swappable like pono?
just started an accessories wish-list thread on ponopeople.  thought it would be good to get some ideas together on what people might like to have to compliment their ponos, and then kyle and the guys can pass on the most popular to the team.
@bill i sure hope they do. as i just mentioned, i didn't end up getting a pono, but am keeping a close eye on the store. glad they didn't elect for a drm-encumbered proprietary audio format, and gutted that they're not out in more countries. pono music has promised to function as a gatekeeper on audio quality on their store, so the masters should be high quality and not decimated by dynamic range compression. if that proves to be the case, the albums will definitely be worth it, even if you can't tell the difference between 320kbps mp3 and high-res flac.
there are at least two sony high-res walkmans. i got the f886 during the pono campaign for various reasons over the pono, fiio and ibasso. there's also the outrageously priced zx1 from sony, and a few others. both have a rather amazing full android ui.
i'm hoping they will open the pono music store early so we can pre-buy for our ponos. smart move on their part, would allow them to create a revenue stream. i would imagine  them being able to  sell to a lot of non-pono purchases.
just got back from the sony store....they have a hi-res walkman in japan....just started displaying two dacs....one with matching speakers...tuner....500gb hdd...wifi ....both have range of 10htz to 30khtz....also partnering with various online music stores
@lisa, i wasn't talking to you. i was talking about on the comment page of the last pono kickstarter (#27) update.
@jamie mccloud yes they were all separate as you could only pledge for one reward on each account jamie
@carlos you are right. they will only make and number the pono's that were sold. that is what they said and that was also important to many of the backers.
@anthony - did you have separate authorisations with amazon for each of the amounts? or 1 large one?  not sure if this matters though.
@jason ganz  i have already contacted them and await their reply...i gave up that pono about an hour and a half before the end but it was not a $415 pledge which is confusing...i checked the email i cancelled the pledge on and it shows as cancelled there and there is no green highlight saying i am a backer.
they should have a countdown clock to october :)
@anthony, if you get all of your email accounts / member accounts you used together and contact ponos team, they may be able to credit it back.  how soon before the end of the ks did you give up that pono?
whatever le's did not get pledged for will not be produced.  if the number ended at 499 then that is all they will produce of that le.  and i suspect that the number can be reduced even more if payments fail to go through after the seven day window.
@anthony amazon billed me, no problem. 3 pono's, 2 t's, 1050. usd's! and they did it pretty quick yesterday too. you can go to your amazon payments account and see your transactions and also contact customer service if you need too.
@jason ganz yes jason i did have 3 at one point but the one i let go was a $315 pledge and not a $415 le one that they have charged me for.
@jason @dan @o'b i agree w/ you! pono team is listening, maybe they will take excellent suggestions into consideration. what a wonderful idea, to give ponos to children in hospital. hi o'b! i knew i would have to wait, i read the rules, it is my first and probably only ks! i don't mind waiting while neil get his game on and builds pono, from what i have read he has already been through a lot. just getting the patents must have been hell. i went a little over w/ 3 though i think for me! would like to get going sooner i guess. still, pono power rules! @ian i am interested and value your posts, you have given a lot of knowledge here.
o'boogie i imagine neil will sign (personalize) the pono's at the dinner with a one on one photo op. and then he will reach under the table and pull out old black and walk like a giant on the table top!  i would like to have attended the chicago dinner!
@anthony,  did you at any point have 3 ponos... and at the last minute give one up?
@o'boogie  don't know if you saw my earlier comment about checking your bank account boogie....i'm fuming here !!
some of the comments on the last update about payments are cracking me up. "i do not like paying in advance for something i won't receive for months!" errr. you aren't familiar with the concept of kickstarter, are you? might want to read the information next time, pal.
@jason - they already said they will only produce the number of le's taken. so for tom petty the le's will be numbered xxx of 498. they are not making 500 only 498.
@lisa.  and here's the thing.  even though the ks is over, one of the "abandoned" ponos that are left... i wouldn't mind getting one and giving it to someone who could use it, but may not be able to afford it.  as i said earlier, the person who "carrot and rope trapped" the ny pono has his right to do so on the basis of supply and demand (low supply, high demand)... but having those tom petty ponos, the csn ponos, the foo fighter ponos that were "abandoned" never being built, i'd like to see at least some of them be given to kids who have a disease / cancer, and could use music as a sort of "diversionary means" while undergoing surgeries / therapies / grafts.  it's known that vr is used on burn victims in order to keep their minds off of the skin grafts, so why not use the post-ks opportunity to give these "abandoned ponos" to young people whose lives could be touched even more by a nice gift. to me, that... would be the ultimate pono... it's not only sonically pono, but it's morally pono as well.
hi all...just a heads up to all of you that pledged to check your bank accounts to see what has been taken....just logged into mine to find that 3 separate transactions for $415 have been debited when i only pledged for 2 !!!  will have the hassle of trying to sort this problem out now....how did they manage to get the extra $415 ??????
@treatise you are perfectly entitled and welcome to your view. if you read my comments properly you will see what i actually said rather than what you seem to want to read into them. frankly, at the stage, i couldn't give a stuff. there is no smoke and mirrors in my stuff here. is just my opinion - take it or leave it.
@treatise @jason ganz amen and amen. i did have ny at one point when an update happened he came up and i grabbed him! but then i was thinking of getting the fiio and i tossed him back. that was my fault though. for the guy to hang ny out at the very end was just wrong. that may have been why there were some le's left over, ff's, tp, csn. ian talks way over my head! but that's cool, i don't even pretend to know what he is talking about! my husband rips cd's and burns them for me. but i need something user friendly like icetunes. that is why i am hoping that the average girl like me can take the hi res music from ponomusic or say hd tracks and manipulate it easily back and forth on ponoplayer. i believe for pono to be successful everyone should be able to use it.
@tom and lisa:  i think the notion is almost a "carrot and the trap" concept.  these people are the sorts who use their "highly sought after" pono as the "carrot" for those who have seemingly "less desirable" ponos (ie: clear, an artist pono without a neil signature / direct association, etc.,) on it to try and grab that "rare and magical" pono.  the result for that though is that a lot of the ponos that were claimed are then dispatched as the few dozen to few hundred who want *that* one drag-race / missile-race their mouses and keyboards to get that rare one.  one person gets it, the rest of them not only lose out on that "rare and magical" pono, but potentially lose out on the one that they had - and cannot reclaim that one because time has run out.  basically, it's "double or nothing", except you don't get two ponos, but you just as easily could end up with zero ponos. that isn't to say though, that i wouldn't have liked a neil young pono - since that would have been amazingly awesome, but the risk of losing the one i have - which is special in its own right because it is a "clear" pono - is not worth the risk.  at the end of the day, they all sound the same... the only ones i'd be chasing for is - don't laugh - the ones such as the kenny rogers pono where only 5 or 6 were claimed... for the fan who is a completist collector for such an artist's memorabilia, a rare pono like that may in fact be the one that commands the higher premium. personally, i'm just happy i'm in this kickstarter... and that i got the email that said my payment succeeded.  one less thing for me to worry about.  :d
@ian so much audiophile bs in your recent posts about ripping that it's not even funny. if you have cd which are not scratched all to hell every ripping software produces bit-for-bit same rips. even if they don't, i guarantee you won't hear a difference in a/b listening tests. scratched and faulty cds are a crap shoot no matter what software you use. as for some rips or compression methods being "easier" on dacs i just lol. coming from someone who claims to have a scientific bent the above claims just boggles the mind. feel free to provide a/b blind listening test restults debunking the above. it is this kind of smoke and mirrors and mystifying audio which gives audiophiles the bad reputation they get. and deserve.
some people just want to watch the world burn!
@ tom glassetetter i know! i thought about that too! not enough more seconds on the clock for people to grab them up at the end. i'm sure the pono team will make good use of them as gifts for the artists and friends! what really got me was the guy that let the ny go with 20 secs on the clock, i wanted that one but wasn't going to push it that close to the end.
@ian have you tried the etymotic research er20 ety-plugs hearing protection earplugs, standard fit, clear stem with blue tip (light blue) with the etys? i like to still be able to hear what is going on around me.
i don't know why, but i'm kind of upset to see some of the ponos dropped right before the campaign ended and left out. 1 black oct. pono, 1 csn, 2 tom petty, 8 foo fighters...
@ian thanks for your reply.
@ian hmmm, shures may be going back! i guessed you are in uk! amazon prime is worth it too, going up soon.
previous comment for @kinch too.... oops... meanwhile dinner beckons.
@lisa - i use wilson benesch speakers which are known for their detail and dynamics. the etys beat them i find. which sort of hacks me off. am using an a&k120 and even with ripped cds it sounds amazing with the etys - albums i have known for a very long time sound brilliant and frankly better than i have ever heard them in terms of information and detail. sure, you don't get the heart slapping bass that speakers give you or the physical presence of dynamics, but the detail - oh my... and the midrange and top end is glorious and never tiring, which for me is important. it may be that other iems sound as good of course. but i do know that people use etys, then buy something 'better' (more expensive) and then find themselves going back to the etys. that'd be me too... but if you are a listener who uses cans a lot, look at custome ear buds - your ears are worth it.
@siltech - didn't answer your question head on. if you play flacs from ripped cds through the same dac they will sound at least identical. there is a possibility that they may, just may, sound a bit better. because if there are problems with the cd, then good ripping software will take its time and help get the best rip possible and that will either be plain better than (your copy) of the cd and/or will give the dac an easier time - either way it is possible it might sound better. but don't expect it either every time or night and day difference.
thanks ian. a nice detailed reply as usual. i have over ear head-phones, b&w p5s and shure srh840s. i've had sennheisers in the past. i've never been great for using head-phones, as i prefer to listen through speakers. when i do use them though, i certainly hear details i miss through my speakers, i'll start looking for etymotics and we'll see how we go. in terms of streaming audio, there are some very good options being used by various people over in forums.slimdevices.com. many are now using the wandboard and similar devices and find them excellent. you can use it with a dac, or with e.g. a squeezebox touch, a squeezebox transporter or, also very successfully, a software lms player of which the most popular and probably capable at the moment is squeezelite.
@ lisa: http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss…
@lisa - yep you can. i have bought other cans from amazon.co.uk - a pair of focals which ended up being faulty - full refund given, no queries at all.  best ways is to search around. with things like the etys i was fine getting them form the us of a (i am in the uk, btw).
@bill - no have not tried that. i tried quite a few rippers and they all do an ok job. but i like the way dbpoweramp compares the rip that you do with a stack of others. am sure there are quite a few that do that as well though. it has a good user base too. ain't free of course. but then if you are ripping biggish set of cds then it is worth it i think - they do become the only versions you use.
@ian kendrick @kinch can you order iem's, etc. from amazon? their customer service, return policy, etc. is excellent.
@ian have you tried "freac - free audio converter" and what do you think of it,
@siltech - might be teaching grandma, but ripping software isn't all equal. i reckon dbpoweramp is the best out there for lots of reasons. best for doing bit perfect rips, sorting out artwork and deduplicating your library. so much so that i bought a cheap pc just for ripping, as it is not yet available on the mac - coming soon, but 'soon' keeps moving back. highly recommended though.
@siltech. i am mega fussy about flacs and tend to rip cds lossless and uncompressed - it gives the replay dac an easier time they say - and i can understand why. takes more storage but these days that is cheap when it comes to hard discs and even micro sd cards. yep, i know that 64gbyte seems expensive but compared with where they were at even recently, they just keep getting cheaper. (gordon) moore's law in action. also - the dynamics of reading pits off a disc are hit and miss compared with a stream coming off a hard disc - so again is an easier time for the replay dac. after that it is down to the dac you have really. i have a good(ish) cd player but it never gets used these days. the idea of having a stack of cds to mess about with seems very odd. not so with vinyl - i enjoy doing that but cds? nope. but i keep all of them on the precautionary principle. a couple of nas drives went down a year or so - was the main library drive and its backup. brilliant. i had to re-rip everything all over again. these days the backup system is very secure. streamer the way to go i reckon, rather than 'just' a dac. world's your lobster these days. my guess would be that you would want something reasonably high end, looking at what you have. take your pick really. also.... for streaming around the house i use ethernet - obviously. but it is a real pain in the backside to have to put it everywhere. i heartily recommend the devolo range of kit for putting ethernet through the mains wiring. it works and works very well indeed. even at 24/192 - no glitches, drop outs or anything. but make sure you look at the high bandwidth versions.
@kinch - trying any iems is not possible for hygiene reasons - it's a gamble i'm afraid. i have bought all my etymotics (3 pairs) on line and they have been fine (1st pair stolen, 2nd pair damaged in an accident). bought last of those pair from the usa, paid £108.48 for them + £4.51 p&p (around $181 + $7.50) - december 2013.  they are one of those things that you can sell for more or less what you pay for them, so they are relatively safe to buy. is hyper important to get a really good ear seal though - otherwise the bass is weak. hence the recommendation for custom ear moulds. i paid around £65 for them, which sounds like a lot - bout the level of comfort and seal is unbeatable. wear all day and wonder where the sound is coming from because you can't tell you have them in. i find all standard iems to be a bit uncomfortable and have had a fair few of those too. ebay best bet i reckon. etymotic have a reputation for the best after sales service available. oh, one point - you have to change the filters every 6-9 months or so. no big deal. and... you can get different filters which can tailor the sound for you - a bit of high end cut if you like it that way. not from etymotic though. westone as i recall.
@dennis lane i ended up with early yellow & black, which i am keeping, & csn, which i have asked for a credit for. 3 is too many, too long to wait. i ordered ipod classic & etymotic er4 to tide me over. have shure se535 for pono, iphone. waiting f/ iphone 6 w/ 64 gigs. researched fiio x3, x5, astell & kern, & ibasso, ui too complicated 4 me. flac from hd tracks took all the 16g's on iphone!!!
if you keep scrolling down the backers list eventually they will all be there....in ie you can right click and "select all" then copy and paste the names to a file and then manipulate it....this takes a long time though....
@wc, i just saw your post from 14 hours ago! i don't have the blu-ray set. thanks for the tip!
@rick gagnon  i agree!
@dennis lane - thanks. i was aware of that one. i didn't even try going through that list after my first pledge! can you imagine 'missing' your name and scrolling down f-o-r-e-v-e-r. kickstarter -should- reorganize the backers' lists alphabetically and let you enter at least three letters to narrow down the search.
@rick, that's what i figure. whatever it is, i am insanely jealous. haha.
@oboogie - i bet it has all of his music on it!
@rick gagnon backers name button is at the top of this page....pledge number i can not help you with.
those who sprung for a dinner with neil, my mom and i came across this little factoid: “it's important to note that the people who sign up for the vip listening parties will receive a neil young special series ponoplayer, which is different than the limited edition neil young ponoplayer series that is already sold out." a very special edition ny pono. very cool. :-)
can someone tell me how i find out my pledge number and where the list of backers' names is kept?
@lisa cooper which ones did you pledge for?
@ian in your opinion? should i sell my ultr-high end cd/sacd player with great dual burr brown dacs? if i copy them to flac files, and use a hi-end dac, will they sound 100% identical?or should i keep my player plus get a really good streamer and dacs ? i'm finding this to be a difficult choice. yes or no, in talking about $6k diff.
thanks rooster
etymotic headphones are difficult to find in the uk these days and usually way overpriced when you do find them.
paying for three ponos right now! (a little overboard?!) please mr. pono maker, don't be late with my pono's !
ian where would you recommend buying the er4ps (in maybe london or manchester or edinburgh)? i've looked online and it is a bit confusing. i'd like to try them at any rate to.
i suspect that if some of the le's drop due to inadequate payment issues by the seven day fix-it period, then the counts will change as well.  happy lunch everybody :)
am still happy with the ichord. i got a better 3.5mm plug for it. well, i say i got one, but it hasn't arrived yet.  as for 'phones, i am sticking with my etymotic er4ps. was on trains for 8 hours yesterday and they sounded great all day and act as superlative ear plugs when not listening to them - the sound isolation is brilliant. not toooooo expensive either. custom moulds though.
i am so glad i jumped right in! despite all the negative reactions i saw on the net. isn't every great invention target of non believers and nay sayers? it will always be like that, but in the end it's about the first few or in this project many believers! congrats to the neil young and his team and to us!
btw i ordered an ichord (after your review) 2m. headphone, i have sennheiser px100 v1 and rfa ma150's, after i get the pono or read some recommendations, i will consider higher res phones.
three fabulous albums: mark & almond's "the city" ; "cantate domino" and "jazz at the pawnshop" on the proprius label. the first time i heard cantate domino was at a hifi show, and it was played on an lp12 through meridian active loudspeakers. i think it was the meridians first outing. stupendous stuff.
and that the trolls and nay sayers didn't dominate in the end. even if it goes no further, this project has created a stir. "never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world; indeed, it's the only thing that ever has." margaret mead said that - and she was right. what pono delivers is not just pono - it is a question that will hang in the air until we finally get studio quality as a matter of course. that is the big deliverable for me. and still the reason i backed the project.
listening to "the last whale" crosby and nash :)
yeah... i know.. after looking at the l.e.s from every angle, they started to look the same. i was going to take a clear when i landed an earlybird. now i will starve to death waiting the dawn :)
oh, i'm still here - posted a few minutes before the gig closed. seems i am backer 202. i got bored with all the swapsy stuff - not my thing. am pleased that it all ended well though. now we wait......
@ian nice to see you, was wondering.... :)
need to clarify direct to disc. i mean when the master is cut straight from the mixing desk to the cutting lathe with nothing in the way.
@brian the only difference is pure audio can play 2.0 pcm, where as sacd plays in dsd. they both play 96/24. the pono player also plays in flac, which is also pcm. i prefer flac (pcm) over dsd, because a little warmer sound. thanks brian.
have you listened to direct to disc vinyl? with nothing digital or tape in the way? i used to have a dave brubeck album, a cut above, recorded that way. and nitin sawhney's onezero of last year was recorded thus. i have that and it sounds wonderful. and i am always wary of scientific proof of things. is potentially risky to assume that our knowledge is complete in any area. sooner or later it is proven to be incomplete and inaccurate in almost all domains. science is just the measure of the best we understand things right now.
@jonathan gorman my parents got married in1956, my father worked long days. from when they married my dad complained that my mum made the peas differently to his mum. one fine day, my dad finished work early and came home. my mom had prepared nothing for lunch, so she cobbled something together and re-heated the peas from yesterday. "oh!", said my dad. "these peas are just like my mums." ...... epilogue. they had a turntable and a tube radio.
@ brian / douglas from last night. what i said and mean is that albums that are mastered in digital and then converted to analog for vinyl pressing are to some more pleasing than the same exact master that is converted to analog and not played on a turntable.  it's because there is inherent distortion - that many find pleasing - from the the vinyl to the cartridge to the pre-amp to the amp (especially tube amps). its simple logic - if you make a vinyl copy of a digital file it is impossible for the vinyl file to be better (have more information) than the original.  vinyl and tube amps provide pleasurable distortion to many people.  this pleasurable distortion can also be "mixed" into the digital master - but the reality of vinyl is that almost everyone has a different set-up that they prefer. my lp12  setup is more expensive than my digital player / amp.  most of my albums were purchased used over time - but i keep them in great condition and clean them regularly.  i have the entire beatles set in mfsl that i've compared to the recent apple usb.  i like the mfsl better - but its probably because its more familiar to me.  sonically the apple usb is scientifically better. this isn't really a controversial take.  i don't think you'd find a single audio engineer that would argue the point.
the linn super audio collection  nos 1-6 are a great way of sampling various artists at high res. the first was at 24 bit 44.1 khz, but the later ones (e.g. vol 6) are available in up to 24bit 192khz. wonderfuil sounds and great value, and downloadable. http://www.linnrecords.com/recording-the-super-audio-collection-volume-6.aspx
@siltech, the blu ray audio is pretty much the same spec as sacd but the bds are easier to rip.  for the ones i bought in the uk, i ripped them to flac myself. most high end hifi companies know that digital disc spinners are in their death throes, compromised by hardware problems in a way that flac streamers are not.
gary to check out what finger-nail biting is all about have a look at the last 20+ pages of this forum http://www.head-fi.org/t/697035/ibasso-dx90-dual-sabre-es9018k2m-new-amp-section-review-1st-page/3330 dhl were having great fun taking the first batch of dx90s on world tours on their way to their proud new owners. waiting for new toys is tough going:-)
bloody hell richheart, pono better not cock-up production as badly as that. there's a lot of competition building up, ibasso, fiio etc. etc. at the very least, pono would need to get their music store open asap. that would keep the pot boiling while the main-course is cooking.
@richheart another kickstarter has just emailed me to let me know a limited virgil and the accelerators book i got will be posted later this month. was supposed to be last xmas. i am therefore ready for poss problems in production here. as long as i know its coming, the walls can take the fingernails i am sure :)
i'm amazed about the pono. i'm sure mine is on the way via dhl:-) could you not ask your neighbour ivor tiefenbrun to send something over to keep you going while you wait?
@gary 3 months would take you to july. another 3 would take you to october, give 3 months leeway for delay in production and then don't expect delivery right away.... so maybe 10-11 months from now you will be so pono-mortgage-free and singing that you won't hear that package land in your hall-way :)
http://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/product/b00cnvt442/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i00… the 64gb cards, and even the 128gb should come down in price over time. the reason i went for the 32gb was so i'd have something to work with if one of the other of them failed.
@kinch thanx for that. the ibasso looks cool on line....just checked, and the pono is still not here.........:(
congrats on that gary. enjoy the party when you close it out.
meantime. i'm copying music over to a series of 32gb samsung class 10 micro sdhc cards. they were good value from amazon.co.uk
@kinch will check that out....but better not spend any more. mortgage finishes this year( whoop!), has a shortfall, (boo!!). got to find a fortune to get mortgage free. was my intent to be free by 50, will make it by 8 months.
gary, my ibasso dx90 arrived this morning. it's brilliant, wonderful sound. listening to marta gomez "cielito lindo" at the moment.
soon be 24hours since this kickstarter finished. i have checked the letterbox....my ponos are still not here. sorely disappointed !!!!! i don't have the patience to wait all these months.
@brian is blu ray pure audio the same as sacd. they both play back in 24/96. so is only difference, the disc itself? if so, than why?
@jussi, it is very disappointing but my experience with the uk media is simple.  if the reader knows more about the topic than the journalist, the journalist often gets it wrong.  the authority of the printed word still goes a long way. contrast the guardian's piece with the following on the bbc tech site on blu ray audio which reads like a company written advert: http://www.bbc.com/news/entertainment-arts-24441979 the part that angers me is, "eventually, the pure audio files could be distributed digitally themselves - but with a four-minute song needing 1gb of storage space, murphy said it would be "three to four years" before that was a reality." pure audio sells these discs via amazon with no flac download voucher, since pure audio thinks the files would be too large.  strange then that pure audio originally (and still) sells the discs via fnac in france with a flac download voucher!  the bbc should have questioned pure audio about this but clearly knew little about flac file size.
@jussi myllyluoma i hope apple starts selling higher quality music too, i would love to see a popular culture that listens to real music. but i don't want this to be a competition, i really want a new store for my music, i can't use itunes anyway.
it may also just be the standard sour-puss reaction to anything new that is even slightly off the beaten path that i find one sees in just about all the old mainstream media. the guardian's attitude strikes me as in no way unique, but i did hold them to a somewhat higher standard than this.
congratulations, pono team.
@brian — it'll be fun to see what stance uk media takes when apple takes all of this to heart, realises there is a sizeable market for hi-res music, and starts distributing higher resolution music through itunes. if this takes off as we all hope it will, that is inevitably going to happen.
@jussi, i read the first guardian article with dismay, the paper had clearly formed a dislike of pono with no rational basis.
*anything — was
what i thought was amusing about how the guardian spins it — which of course is typical for how any news media handles pretty much anything was the end bit: . "but not everyone was a fan. trent reznor, frontman for nine inch nails, said [several unequivocally positive things, and] added that "as a device i can't pretend it doesn't look a bit like a toblerone"." . and that is a criticism? and that means that reznor "is not a fan" of ponomusic as a concept? the guardian's stock plummeted several points in my book, right there...
@erast, most of the uk media is pretty much pro-apple, and therefore .mp3.  the idea that a better approach is available is sadly alien to much of the uk press.
siltech is quoting the article published in today's guardian in the uk http://www.theguardian.com/music/2014/apr/16/neil-young-pono-kickstarter the standard mis-informed comments follow the article on the webpage :)
neil young's pono becomes third most successful kickstarter ever with $6.2m the songwriter's pono music player, which can play ultra high-quality files, completed a hugely successful campaign on the crowdfunding website 216 comments righteous... neil young's pono music player. photograph: franz krachtus/ap ben beaumont-thomas wednesday 16 april 2014 08.47 bst neil young's pono music player, designed as a bulwark against the low quality of mp3 files and digital streaming, has completed a hugely successful campaign on the crowdfunding website kickstarter. at $6.22m, it's the third highest figure raised on the site, after the pebble smart watch ($10.3m) and the ouya games console ($8.6m). "on behalf of pono, we thank you for helping us give music a voice," young wrote in thanks. "you have helped to set the stage for a revolution in music listening. finally, quality enters the listening space so that we can all hear and feel what the artists created, the way they heard and felt it." pono, which means "righteous" in hawaiian, is a portable prism-shaped device that holds fully lossless tracks – large uncompressed files that replicate the original master of the song. young first raised $500,000 in 2012 to design prototypes and build infrastructure, before using kickstarter, where members of the public each fund a small amount of money, to raise awareness and further funding. he'll now use venture capital to help bring the project to market, sharing equity in the company with traditional investors. advertisement "i can't tell you how scary this is," young said in 2012 regarding his move into the world of financing. "all i have to do now is navigate the waters of venture capitalism, those treacherous shorelines of commerce, in the hms pono." as well as thanking his kickstarter investors, he appealed to musicians to sign up to his new project; the pono player will be joined by a store selling lossless files of their work. "go back to your digital masters and see what they sounded like compared to what was released. now, if you want to, they can all be released in their original glory," he said. "you can talk to your producer or record company and learn how to make that available to your listeners on pono... record companies, this is an opportunity to rescue the art of recorded sound... this music is world cultural history. all of this cultural history should be preserved for enjoyment of the people in its highest possible form forever." young had some starry backing for his project – kickstarter investors could get limited edition players engraved with signatures from the likes of kings of leon, metallica, elton john and patti smith. but not everyone was a fan. trent reznor, frontman for nine inch nails, said that while "anything that elevates music back to where it should be is inherently cool," and that "i have great admiration for neil young as an artist," he added that "as a device i can't pretend it doesn't look a bit like a toblerone".
18 hours ago, this site was going crazy.
@eduard nuijen -- thanks for reiterating it, but fyi, that text was posted in update #25, a few days ago.
pono, thank you for bringing the music back. http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@john haskins very nice mmj! happy day after everyone :) http://youtu.be/ea5nwo3_kgs
@all : this was underneath the previous statement: thank you from neil young. pono means righteous. it is a hawaiian word, the one, the pureness. on behalf of pono, we thank you for helping us give music a voice. you have helped to set the stage for a revolution in music listening. finally, quality enters the listening space so that we can all hear and feel what the artists created, the way they heard and felt it. this is done when the artist makes the best available, wanting to share it with you. it happens when the artist lets you hear and feel more than what is on your cd or mp3 of any song. cds and mp3s are derived from the original masters, and now, with the ponoplayer, you can finally feel the master in all its glory, in its native resolution, cd quality or higher, the way the artist made it, exactly. that’s the beauty of pono. it’s been a long time coming. it was not easy getting this far, but you made it happen by supporting pono’s vision for better listening. we have been working with the labels, with the artists and producers, and we will continue to do that. we go to the source to find the best and bring it to you. pono wants to preserve the history of music, in all of its beauty and expression, for all time. forever. there is a way to do this right, and we are going to do it. we will be sharing how we will do this with you over the next few months, while we build your first ever ponoplayers. we are going to do some revolutionary things. we will make music available in a way that has never been done, a way that allows for constantly attaining the best listening experience. thank you to the artists, the recording companies, big and small, and most of all, thanks to you music lovers for making this happen with your amazing support. thanks for listening, neil young
@jussi, this is the new one, "we thank the community for their love and confidence in making us the 3rd most funded project in kickstarter history."
indeed, there it is. but wasn't that posted more than a day ago?
jussi, it's on the home page of this kickstarter, underneath the promo video.
@wc -- where was that posted? i haven't seen that comment.
jussi, this was their comment, "we thank the community for their love and confidence in making us the 3rd most funded project in kickstarter history." one would think there would be more of a personal vibe comment rather than something generic, but oh well.  kinda surprised that the pono team hasn't said anything more.  maybe tomorrow.
congratulations neil & pono team bluto & the deathmobile  october we or ears will take back the music & this halloween will be rocking - till then aloha good people & long live pono !!! http://m.youtube.com/watch…
we're coming for ya apple !!! http://m.youtube.com/watch…
anybody hear anything from @creator in the last 24+ hours? far too late now to answer some of the questions of course, but still; would be fun to have them join us when we celebrate their astounding success!
now waiting for ny & ch to rock the warsteiner arena on july 25. i'll be there, as close to the stage as i can get
will we get to find out what limited edition number we get before shipment?
sp., mmj rocks!
@john, just kidding, thanks for the links, mmm rocks! :)
@john, mmj do a sick version of hamster on a piano!
mark, i got to see them do "the careless whisper", by george michael live at the forecastle festival in louisville, kentucky on july 14, 2012. i was right in front of the soundboad. here's "the careless whisper" only - from forecastle x. http://youtu.be/uwzgdqyyrv0 here's the whole show that was broadcast on the interweb that night. http://youtu.be/za6z3xcjcvk
i didn't realize that ny&ch was december.  i am going to be dying to get it until then.  i am getting a ny too, so i am not all out of luck, but i was really looking forward to having them together
i like mmj careless whisper cover
@john haskins. ur right mmj are amazing!  first saw em bonnaroo in 05. saw em at a real small theatre in madison that year too  met em in 08 and got a pic with jim james and some vinyl signed. i love the early stuff.glad i got the colored vinyl. still gotta get circuital and jim james solo on vinyl. only ones i'm missing. huge fan. but i went with the crazy horse and pearl jam ponos.
siltech, thanks, but are you talking about the full concert (okonokos) or the who's a quick one with eddie vedder? if you or anybody out there likes the band's it makes no difference, here is a really special version my morning jacket does with brittany howard from alabama shakes. this was at the newport music festival a couple of years ago. the guy who posted it matched the video up with the soundboard mix. it's really good. http://youtu.be/ea5nwo3_kgs
@siltech, i use a cambridge audio stream magic 6 and like it a lot.
@gorman, i find that unlikely. we hear in analog so even if digital mix is better you can't hear it. if you can hear it then analog is up to the challenge.
@gorman, i find that unlikely. we hear in analog so even if digital mix is better you can't hear it. if you can hear it then analog is up to the challenge.
@douglas l adams a computer allows for very precise mixing.
@douglas lol triple post
@gorman, i find that unlikely. we hear in analog so even if digital mix is better you can't hear it. if you can hear it then analog is up to the challenge.
@gorman, i find that unlikely. we hear in analog so even if digital mix is better you can't hear it. if you can hear it then analog is up to the challenge.
@john that was a great video. wow
o'boogie, do you have the blu-ray set?  i highly recommend it.
o'boogie neil has a heart of gold.
just listening to neil, only love can break your heart. man. i really wish i had the cash for a dinner. i gotta meet the man.
just listening to neil, only love can break your heart. man. i really wish i had the cash for a dinner. i gotta meet the man.
the digital mix is converted back to analog, for our human ears.
@brian what digital streamer do you have?
@gorman, i find that unlikely. we hear in analog so even if digital mix is better you can't hear it. if you can hear it then analog is up to the challenge.
ahem,  thanks again and congratulations @ponoteam.  i'm sure it's craziness over at the pono offices, but a little video or response from the @creator would be a nice gesture. :)
@jonathan, i'm not convinced that you can mix an album in digital better than possible in analog.  my example would be my 45rpm test pressing of sonny rollins, saxophone colossus.  i have never heard that album sound as great as my vinyl copy played on my turntable.  i'm not convinced that digital will ever do that for me.  however, my digital streamer does make my flac-ripped cds sound close to vinyl quality and i hope that the evolution of dacs and digital masters will get close.  i'm really looking forward to listening to my pono.
have a good evenin' @dennis
night all.
@jonathan gorman i'm sure they will be happy as clams.
vinyl has it's own sound and "distortion" which many find pleasing.  if you take a digital master and press it to vinyl some will like it better than the master.  and given the huge amount of variables in turntables to speaker (cartridge, pressure, amp and speaker) few people will hear the same album the same way. the pono will take out that variability with the exception of headphone today you can mix an album in digital to be better than possible in analog - but many people still like the sound of their turntables, because it's what they like. it will be interesting to hear how people new to high-end dacs, and used to vinyl will react to the pono sound.
i'm sorry i did not pick them up in the le.
i'm psyched, thanks all for helping me to get my website to the first page in google rank! @pono_people i think that you'll be happy to know that when i did a search in google for "christmachine" and then clicked on images right near the top is the ponopeople logo is there for good crawled from the article. very nice kind ladies and gentlemen! gracias!
yeah dennis, they have a number of classic rock influences. they were the opening act for pearl jam for a segment of their 2006 tour, and i credit pj for introducing them to me. i liked pearl jam a long time before i had ever heard of mmj (their first album was the tennessee fire which came out in 1999). i had heard the name of my morning jacket since they were from louisville, and i live less than an hour from there, but i hadn't given them a chance until i saw them play with eddie vedder in the bonus features of pj's live in cornice dvd. it is a full rendering of the who's a quick one while he's away, and they nailed it! i thought at that moment that not only does eddie v. recognize their talent and love of music, i recognized it when they could pull off one of my most favorite who epic songs (mini-opera as pete referred to it in the kids are alright). here is a link to it on youtube. again, i didn't upload this. i usually only upload live stuff i have personally recorded to youtube. http://youtu.be/nfdgdlzchmo part 1 of 2 http://youtu.be/1i9nqr-7s7e part 2 of 2
awesome vocals, crazy good musicians, excellent stage prescence...i'm into out i'll have to check out their studio stuff for sure...as a band i do not pick up them sounding like anyone else. @dennis you are right on with that after saying that i could detect a little roger daltry and that is a good thing. i'm downloading the video for future listening...thanks john!
@john haskins th concert is hint of the who.
john thanks for remembering, i'm watching it now
hey, christmachine, i was meaning to send you a link or two to some good examples of my morning jacket stuff, since you had asked if they were any good a day or two ago. i did post a link to the neil young and mmj collaboration at last year's bridge school benefit show (they played neil's harvest moon, and it sounded wonderful), but when i did, there was all kinds of action on this here comments section of ks. i posted the same video on ponopeople.org under my username darkstarflashes. i also posted one under the grateful dead section on ponopeople.org. it was of mmj performing brown eyed women with bob weir at the nashville show on the americanarama tour that also featured wilco and bob dylan. anyway, here is the best example of what my morning jacket are all about. they are all about the live experience. this is the one and only dvd of them performing live. it is called okonokos, and it is just killer! it was recorded over two nights at the fillmore in san francisco in 2005. it was released in 2006. they have only gotten better in concert since those shows back in 2005. i have seen them 4 times now and have seen their lead singer, jim james, perform solo 5 times. i will never stop going to their shows. so, here is the link to the full concert. be aware, it isn't in hi-res. it was just uploaded by a fan (not me) a while back and is probably just mp3 quality. also, they like to be funny or just plain weird, so there is an intro with actors (and members of the band) that lasts until about 3:30 seconds into it. just give it a full viewing if you have the time. they build in intensity and depth. please check them out http://youtu.be/ox12rrp56qg
@brian milligan there is more to music than just the sound....you need to feel it.
dennis, my friend and i were asked to leave a hifi shop in the 80s because we couldn't stop laughing at a weather report album playing in cd.  happy memory :-)
@jamie mcleod yeah right on that...this is why it's so complex to explain it to a doubter because you have to sit them down for an hour long conversation. @brian milligan awesome album right...yeah i have that ripped in hirez aswell...lineage ~  neil young – live at the cellar door (1970/2013) [180g lp] vinyl rip to 24/96 flac / pressed at pallas / mastered by chris bellman @ grundman mastering, hollywood
@brian milligan excellent recording....listened to it yesterday.
i knew back when i bought my first cd player, that it lacked musicality. they even included a sampler disc because cds were hard to find. yes the cracks and the pops were gone....but so so was the warm feeling i had become accustomed to. we gave up pleasant music for portability.....and it was a devils trade.
picked up neil young live at the cellar door today - awesome performance. age is just a number - we're all 18 inside!
@john haskins & @christmachine; not to mention the decline in quality and weight of a lot of the vinyl that was used more and more through the '70's in some markets, even as the equipment was getting better back then, let alone nowadays.
@john haskins.      i get that and totally agree, i found the same!!! hey, my ears are ok! lol
yeah it's hard to get the whole vinyl is better than cd( but not always) it's just that a lot of people have bad memories of vinyl in the old days on lo-fi equipment...personally i like that sound but expensive modern vinyl equipment can get the vinyl nearly dead quiet...a few minor post-processing with click repair and you can't even tell it's vinyl.
i started noticing music didn't sound quite as full or deep to me as it did many years ago. i used to listen to vinyl a lot (also 8-tracks and cassettes), but when i purchased my first cd player back in 1986 (i was a hold-out until i saw one on clearance for $99), i began building my huge cd collection. i thought it was great since they didn't scratch easily and didn't need flipping after one side finished playing. however, the depth and fullness didn't seem to always be there. i just thought it must be my ears getting worse or something like that. (i used to have drainage tubes in my left ear when i was a pre-teen, and i used to blast music all the time.) now, i'm thinking it was the "missing" bits of the original music that was making it all sound so shallow. when i started getting into my new favorite band (my morning jacket) about 3 and a half years ago, i started buying vinyl again. they put most all of their stuff out on vinyl and have been big on getting the word out that vinyl just seems to sound better. i did notice there were sounds (details) on the record that i wasn't hearing on the same exact mmj cd. there is a difference. now, i can begin "hearing" all the music the way it was recorded. thank you, neil and all the rest over there at pono music...and to all you fellow backers...for putting me back on the track for a full and powerful music listening experience again.
@o'boogie he had surgery not long ago, all seems to be well, but things happen....too all of us.
@dana gibson when you are right you are right.....i stand corrected.
neil isn't that old. good lord. let's not count him out just yet. he's got many great years ahead of him.
@dennis lane no....i believe the actual line is "play it, sam".....checked wikipedia to be sure.
neil may not have a lot of years ahead of him, but he sure made them count.
@dana gibson you mean "play it again sam".
funny how all of the backers knew something was wrong with what they were listening too. it took ny to point out the obvious. i said it years ago on home theater shack, vinyl is superior to cds....what was missing was right under my ears.
play it sam
@christmachine way to go!
yeah no doubt neil is an inspiration for us all. right now listening to: neil young - harvest (1972) > vinyl rip transferred to 24bit/192khz [high rez digital]. awesome!
@kevin callaghan until the time when backers can say, "here's looking at ya".
to paraphrase the quote from casablanca: neil and pono team, i think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
congrats to the pono team.....now the real work begins.
i was born in 1958 and have followed ny all my life, he has given so much more to music, than any other artist. that's not to say other artist have not contributed, but he stands alone in his life long endeavor.
@christmachine and december.
great final outcome - congratulations to the pono music team and neil young for doing a fantastic job.
indeed...now we can all be exited all summer for christmas in october.
this kickstarter has been done with grace and professionalism, the passion of the backers most likely exceeded the expectations of all involved.
plastic is only good until it melts....neil should write a song called "credit card blues".
the light wallet virus is spreading! @dennis i'm really happy for neil and everyone here being so excited...and lets not forget the amazing creator!
@otoshi no kami (erudito no. 40723) we are all in good company....making the scramble to pay for real music, by someone we admire.
@dennis at least that you know that we are all broke right now. lol
this kickstarter has been a blast.
@otoshi i know he will. he may be borrowing it a lot haha @dennisthe two best le's imo! i'm happy that you are happy kind sir 8]
but the bill will bring me down to reality soon enough.
i feel really privileged to get not only the ny le, but the nyw/ch le....i'm over the harvest moon.
watch your charges carefully i cancelled one of my pledges for a pono and got charged 5 bucks anyhow what a rip
@christ just get let him borrow it. he'll buy it for sure.
@christmachine you have a good pop's there!
@dennis lane.     well done to you too! and thanks, to everyone. remember to congratulate all your pono carrying friends once you see them out, say-- 'bout october ;)
time to be bankrupt music tech corporations. lol
wow. that makes them 3rd most funded kickstarter so far.
dennis for me i just donated...but my pops said he'd purchase one for me as my birthday is in a week, so i got a black pono scheduled to arrive in october. i have two other dap's already...my dad said i have to let him "borrow it" decause he's not sure if he wants one someday for himself...nice gift ey!
@clark pinkus a big well done!
big pat on the back to all of us, we have given music a way to seek people and be felt and heard face to face from the artists themselves, i am happy and very excited!!
now that its over when will the list of everyones number come out?
i'm all a dither with anticipation for that player.  it's gonna be a fun night when it comes. :)
@christmachine what did you end up with?
@christmachine thanks.
agreed, nice insight dennis.
@christmachine let hope. but there is a lot of money to keep it down, we cannot allow that to happen. not only do we want to upset the apple cart, we want to show how rotten the apples really are.
http://www.hypebot.com/hypebot/2014/04/neil-youngs-pono-kickstarter-ends-with-622-million.html enjoy.
@dennis lane great article thank you. finally this may go international media...lets hope it hits the wire services after that articles and coverage will multiply exponentially.
here is another. http://www.rollingstone.com/music/news/neil-youngs-pono-kickstarter-raises-over-6-million-20140415
http://www.cnn.com/2014/04/15/tech/mobile/neil-young-pono-kickstarter/index.html pono has arrived.
@carlos thank you. i know it's quite long but make a copy of it as in a text file on your machine, so you can get through the whole thing and fully digest it. i think it took me three days to finish it. 8]
@erast fandorin thanks for the link.
@cristmachine good article ty!
man....video on ponomusic.com is just left channel.
love + thanks in april......so the ponomusic site should be updated soon.
congratulations to all making it to the finish line here at pono! just posted new article on the pono campaign finish and an "essential music read". i will have more up later today... thank you kindly / respect, enjoy, and bless bless. http://www.christmachine.com/
@peter it took me a while because i only use my first name and many folks use other non name handles.  i actually scrolled the list at the pledge site and found the names before and after mine.  after that it wasn't to bad.  i'm in the knee joint :)  i look forward to those rewards as well.  some folks at work have small children, it will be fun to present the mini museums to them.  we truly are pixels in a bigger picture, and i'm good with that :)
@carlos: very cool.  hope someone does one for pono, but finding one's name looks to be quite a challenge!
@joe burroughs sorry , i only just got back to pc, didn't see your question. i live in uk, am selling my p5b rover coupe. not getting used, though i still love it. had it around 8years i think.
@peter this is the picture composed of backers names that was done at another campaign i pledged in by one of the backers.  if you zoom in you will see the names!   http://minimuseum.com/img/paul-johnson-minimuseum-backer-image.jpg
@ dennis lane you can learn more about flac by going to the website here: https://xiph.org/flac/ there's a good faq page that'll give you some basic information that you can use as a base for learning, and the links page gives details of programs to use. you should also get a separate hard drive and back up your files (ie, keep a copy - perhaps you can keep the wav files you've done so far on the backup & convert to flac files to keep on the computer you'll sync your pono from).
@kinch no worries. i'm actually ok with using itunes/alac.  the only thing i hate is that i have to keep separate copies of hi res files in each album because my ipod can't accept them.  so, "on the beach"  (24/192) has 2 copies of each song, one medium res and one hi res.  pono should fix that!
@kinch thanks kinch....all the new ones will be in .flac
@peter ruskin sorry about talking about only a window program (dbpoweramp). no doubt there are many here and in other forums who can recommend ripping and file conversion progs. for macs and linux. even though some of my machines (esp my music servers) are linux, i do my ripping in windows and samba the files across to my linux machines.
@dennis lane .wav, .alac and .flac are all lossless, so in that respect it is six of one and a half dozen of the other. of the 3 i think .flac is less restricting in terms of possible uses. file size in .flac is generally smaller. you do not need to delete files if you have them in wave format. using e.g. dbpoweramp, you simply convert them to whichever format you go with.
@rich lol... no offense... hey it could be worse.  you could've been born in texas.
late, here i'm off to bed. i got my pono and arsenal won 3-1 (what a lovely day) :)
@kyle oooh, i was born in hackney, but never hackneyed :)
@kinch thanks kinch i have a terabyte of memory, but have a lot of cds.
there's now a hackneyed comment section in the footer on the forum site.  it doesn't work well... still trying to work out the kinks.
http://www.linkedin.com/in/philipgbaker led the development team for the newton messagepad 110, 120, and 130, the second generation newtons. hehe
@dennis--nothing morally wrong  with it but the files will be huge! better to rip into flac/alac
@kinch downloaded 2 days of music from my cds into wav....but if .flac is better i can hit the delete button.
@kinch, dbpoweramp is only windows :( evil thought of day: change friend's ringtone to "walk like a giant"
@kinch thanks kinch, my first shot at downloading files...so you suggest to convert cds into flac files?
@gary craig what kinda classic car are you getting rid of?
@kinch thanks again. good to get a starting point. looking forward to this:)
its been an eye opening campaign, now looking into where i can start building up a new music library from for october, see linn records do studio masters in the uk, nick drakes are going to be first on my list from there. ( don't appear to have any ny).
@dennis lane please note that .wav is considered intemperate language:-) an advantage of .flac is that it is agnostic...lots of players
@gary craig make a wee investment in dbpoweramp. it's a ripping and file conversion utility. it's very, very good. when you buy it, get the perfecttunes addon.. www.dbpoweramp.com
@kinch appreciate the help. you have no idea how much i have to learn. kindergarden stuff.....
are cds better ripped as wav?
@peter thanks for that. its my project this weekend. that and organize selling my classic car. maybe should have done that before and got a dinner with neil?
@gary craig i recommend signing up at forums.slimdevices.com there's loads of us there who have been playing and ripping to .flac for years. lots of good info, and loads of other stuff to get interested in.
gary: if you use itunes, think about using apple lossless (alac)which itunes can accept without a plugin and sound just as good. otherwise, computer audiophile.com is a good resource.  i have been ripping my cd's/dvd-a's into alac, with great results.  pono will play alac files and they work well. but, of course, do your own research.  itunes will let you rip into alac with a few tweaks in preferences--general--import settings
i now need a crash course on flac files....got a few months. want to be as ready as poss.
@anthony, i totally agree. that was a very cool gesture. i'm glad it happened, although i wasn't one of the people who donated. i'm thinking the comment board stays open for the foreseeable future since this is a good way for @creator to communicate and answer questions.
@o'boogie phewcheers boogie less worried now just have to wait for the funds to be released i guess really enjoyed the weeks leading up to the grand finale have learned so much from you guys on the tech side of sound/headphones etc need to keep this comment board going somehow there's some real characters been posting lately...just read all the earlier comments and the kyle le collection was pretty touching would hate to think that after all his championing of the project and his masses of input he never got the le he craved ....and all you guys that sent him funds by paypal take a bow that's pretty special :)
@carlos re your comment of an hour ago, getting to really like the way you think. don't think there is a snowballs chance of neil signing my pono, but you can dream. got his book signed, but that was expensive.
@anthony: no, you'll tick that box after you receive your pono in october/december to confirm you got the promised "rewards" for your pledge. :-) happy to help!
@o'boogie ahhh ok makes sense why i can't find a trace in amazon then ! checked both accounts in the backer history...should the "got it" boxes be ticked to confirm payment is completed as they are both unticked ? thx for the info btw
after the store is up and running a bit, it would be cool for them to release some exclusive content - maybe ultra-high quality hi-res concerts and live recordings of various artists.
@erast thanks.  i have dvd audio extractor and it's a great program.  i ripped all my ny, talking heads, doors and rem dvd-a's.  i'm holding off on buying a bluray drive in hopes that the early/faithful get some sort of break on the blurays.  i'm not optimistic, but it really would be the right thing for them to do....
@anthony, it's just paid using amazon payments. isn't in your transaction history like regular purchases. check your account here for info about the pledges you made.
@peter, that was another kickstarter called mini museum, if i read that correctly.
got a call from the anti fraud department at my bank saying they allowed one payment but not the other and needed me to confirm they were my transactions...signed into kickstarter to kick the pledge back into action says it will mail me when the transaction is complete. now here's the thing ...checked my amazon account in uk and world and there is no history of these transactions ever existing.....checked online banking and same there too....no money taken....anyone else checked up on this yet ?? im confused now and slightly worried !
@ peter rustin yes, i think we should wait and see what @ creator comes up with regarding blurays already purchased (like archives vol. 1) - i have le noise, americana & psychedelic pill also.    here's a link to an article regarding bd ripping from a couple of years ago: http://www.computeraudiophile.com/content/473-ripping-blu-ray-easy-way/ dvd audio extractor has indeed since been updated for ripping bds. i'm not sure if passkey is still required. not something i'll be trying for a while (if at all).
where can we see the list of donors/dinosaur that was referenced below?
@jamie yeah, i put that compilation jpg together after the campaign ended today... http://www.ponopeople.org/viewtopic.php… @rich@oboogie i'll see if i can work some kind of chat-based thing into the fray... this board host seems pretty basic though.  had i known where i was going to take that place, i'd have invested the research and time into choosing a better host. one thing i will do is let pono know that when they start to develop a forum-based community, that a live chat would be very beneficial.
@jamie, massey would be great.  i now need to see what to do about my bluray archives v.1.  i hate to buy this yet again.  @creator implied that there might be some solution re blurays.  i would have to buy a bluray drive for my mac, which would likely cost about the same as the archives in pono.  sigh.  at least i have some awesome dvd-a's (on the beach; harvest) that are 192kb and will sound great right out of the gate.
@peter rustin - could also include live at massey hall
the pictures of the le's at ponopeople are great. i'm still trying to decipher the signatures on my arcade fire player!
@peter and @kyle i would love a live feed sense in ponopeople. any way to implement that kyle? a chatroom perhaps, with messages sorted into various threads by a keyword bot? that could be fun, the trolls could look for ways to fool the bot. it would be so much fun watching the patient bot, staying cool :)
agree, @peter. i enjoyed the camaraderie here. it's a shame it's all over! haha! guess i'll just check in here occasionally.
o'boogie, the problem with ponopeople is that it is thread based, and so there is no real time stream of consciousness conversation like there is here... so happy that i am in for a ny.  i'm sure harvest will be one of the 2 records; what about the other??? i'd be thrilled if it were comes a time or gold rush.  or tonight's the night(!)
i will be here until december, me and my drum :)
hope it picks up at pono people. i'm bored at work, and there is nothing happening over there. :-/
@creator i hereby motion to have @gary craig's clear pono to be signed by the pono team, including of coarse the head of this team, neil young!
@gary  you should write the campaign and ask if the team…including neil will sign yours.  i don't see why not it was your idea and you have 18219 backers that support it!
this campaign was unique with all the trading.  unlike the others i have pledged in.  another cool one was the mini museum.  one of the backers took the backer list of names and made a mini museum logo photo with some software that takes the names and shades them to make a picture.  it was cool, i really had to hunt for my name. i am in the tyrannosaurus knee, lol.  but it was nothing like this!
@boggie, your right, my bad, the first! can't wait!!!
@o'boogie saw csn last year, best i have ever seen them. csny haven't played scotland. i have been to every neil gig in scotland since the 1970s....it aint that many. had barrier twice ;)
inaugural pono festival. can't have a first annual anything. it isn't annual if it is the first. haha.
just noticed that this is the 3rd highest funded kickstarter project ever :-) https://www.kickstarter.com/discover/advanced…
@carlos wouldn't it be so cool to get neil to sign it.....wont count on that tho.
@gary, i'll send you photos of my csny. hahahahaha. ;-)
ok neil, the first annual pono festival!! when and where?
hopefully they will have a pono music festival!  so save your pennies!!!
erast, thats right i remember reading that.  they didn't say that the posters would be exclusive to the campaign.  i asked about that and the t's.
@carlos, i am also glad @gary got a clear:) took me  4 days to decide to swap the csny. took me 4 seconds to be glad i did....i do luv csny too tho.
@ carlos neil was signing the posters early on (see update #4). they're due for delivery in june. i hope he didn't sign all 1500 though, as there's 490 left over!
i hope they throw a weekend pono festival this fall!  bands and vendors!  i will go if they do!
i am glad @gary got a clear!  i hope neil actually signs that one for him :)
@ bruce tennant looks like you'll be the last to get your pledge in december!  :) not sure what the fuss is about numbers on these pages! first it was les, now backer number. i guess backer id# would also be distorted by the low 'troll' pledges (probably all withdrawn in the last couple of days)
neil is like…holy sh*+  i better start signing posters!!!  just sign 6 a day neil, you'll be fine :)
my funds went thru.
o'boogie cool
but who knows... and who cares really
get a clear*
1 'backing' might be counted for every manage my pledge 'click'.  meaning if you back something, then switched to a different reward, it registered a second time in order that you did so... so this would mean that a backer number could potentially be higher than the actual total number of backers....
@carlos, gary did a clear. he said so earlier.
@o'boogie  they are sorting them by dna ;)
i wonder if @garycraig decided on a clear?
@siltech you know i'm a girl, right? haha.
the backer numbers don't make any sense. my mom pledged long before me, and our numbers are really close. don't much stock in them.
according to the kickstarter iphone app, i'm backer #18,451. out of 18,220?
everything processed for me but 1.  amazon still has my early yellow oct pending.
any comment from pono? or are they at the airport, 1 way ticket...
@gary craig have not seen info on how to do that.  don't know why there isn't  kickstarter app for other platforms.
is there a way of seeing your pledge number from a pc? don't have an iphone...
@ richheart cheers, richard! :)
if you have noticed since the end of the campaign the numbers for each level have been changing until all payments have been processed.
@ norm gregory i believe ivanhoe inc. is neil young's company vehicle to deal with all the business side of pono. here's a rolling stone article from 2012 talking about this and other pono stuff: http://www.rollingstone.com/music/news/neil-young-trademarks-new-audio-format-20120403
@siltech normally a pledger will have up to 7 days to resolve the payment issue.  your pledge will stay until then.
question : seems i was a little late to attempt to buy a pono player dues to a time limit. when and how can i buy a pono player now that time has run out ??????????
@erast yup, you owed me a bad joke :)  thanks for a fun project and your lively input
@boogieman hypothetically speaking. what if someone can't pay there acct on amazon, and they had a ny le? what will happen to the pono player, and it's number? i'm sure some acct won't go thru.
well hello mr soul i dropped by to pick up my pono. ( buffalo springfield edition).
@norm they are the people that take your money to give it to pono (we hope)
@abel - argh! you're right, they must have hammered you on the conversion.
@andreas good find that's awesome
@andreas, i hadn't noticed that. very cool!
not sure if this cool thing has been discussed before. it's from the faq section below and i think it wasn't there from the beginning? "the ponoplayer will show you, via its user interface and a special “light” (to indicate a certified ponomusic song) exactly what quality level you are hearing - when you are hearing pono quality, and when you are not. if the light is lit, then the music you are listening to is pono-certified as the best available quality."
scroll down about 25 comments to see how to find your backer number.
backer #1124 ny-le!! counting minutes until october!
@norm gregory - http://www.trademarkia.com/ivanhoe-85339290.html
what is ivanhoe, inc??
where is the backers list that shows what your number is...???  i looked at the backers at the top of page, but it is just a long list and no order...
nope, i'm sending the unit to a friend in the usa. i pledged $400, but i was charged $416. blame it on the currency conversion!
@abel - it's $415 including $15 international postage, so €301 is correct if you're based in europe.
am i right in thinking another 100 ish beck le's went in the last 4 hrs?? totally misread that number otherwise!
would have loved to grab a pj pono, but had to settle for metallica. can't wait for october!
anyone needing a balance transfer in the uk? i know i do : ) http://www.moneysavingexpert.com/credit-cards/balance-transfer-credit-cards no pono till october, no problem & no interest either!
maybe neil will write a pono themed song.
where do you find the backers list?
i've got a nice hole in my pocket now. perfect size hole to fit my ny signature pono! backer #1139
the birth of my crazy horse player began with the 4 hundy taken out from amazon.  i can't wait for this baby to arrive! :)
backer #692 with a pearl jam pono.  now i guess i have to wait until rocktober to find out my # out of 500 of the pj pono's :(
can't find the official kickstarter app for android. oh well...
cc is withdrawn, i guess that makes it official. one pj pono is coming this way!! :d
#1086. with a neil young signature can't wait for october
@ richheart your dog wears shirts? very classy animal!! :)
@andreas thanks for letting me know what the discrepancy is.
@wanda there are some backers not showing in that list (the ones who backed with $1-$4).
@abel debritto check on google play to see if there is a kickstarter app.
backers.... we at ponopeople.org will still be acting to maintain a working relationship with the ponomusic team to answer any questions you might have.  feel free to present them on the forum so that we can consolidate them and ask the team directly. thanks again and congratulations to everyone, backers and ponomusic alike!
i'm sure my bank's fraud department will be notifying me soon.
#13000 ny le great ;-)
for your backer number, using the kickstarter app for iphone on project page at the bottom press view pledge next page to come up at the top your number will be shown.
is there way to find your backer # if you don't have an iphone/ipad?
i just got the email from amazon and an email from my credit card saying that a large transaction posted to my account. looks like it's official!
@rich, you see? you didn't even really got stressed! they should've let you sweat a little longer! :-p
just got the email....payment succeeded from amazon
yeah,where do you find a backer # ???
amazon is fast as well... they already happily informed me that they successfully emptied my pockets (leaving gaping holes for a pair of pono's).
@tijn it is night 9pm but i was out with the dog in shirtsleeves again :)
it might take a while for the 18,220 charges to go through.
i pledged $400, and was just charged €301,15, which amounts to $416.
*yells shut up and take my money!*
@rich, guess that was compensation for being in sunny israel... ;-)
@andreas callendal when i subtract the $5, $50, and $100 pledges (2,609) from 18,220, i show 15,611 ponoplayers pledged.
rich, i got an email from kickstarter saying that my card would be charged. i have not verified this with the credit card company
rich,
just this second billed :) never been so happy to see my money go lol
have you all been billed yet? i am showing as not.
the money is not taken off my cc yet either, hope all is okay..
backer number 1617....csny....missed a second ny by seconds....probably a good thing.
congrats
my counts says 15,148 ponoplayers pledged!
sorry - my last message was for @ rich heart
where do i find the backpacker number?
for your pono - $415 for additional server time, caused by number of messages and endless swapping of models - $2000 1 :) :) :)
@richheart, you of all people?!
backer #497... six months is a long time to wait, but think about it this way: i pledged on march 11th which, i think, was the first day of the fundraising. and more than one month ago. we've already spent one of the seven months we initially had to wait :-d
it's been awesome!  for me i decided to get what i want and deal with what i want to keep when oct & dec get here.  this has been a hell of a lot of fun!!!  you guys made it so.  even the folks that came here either to troll, or just believed differently.  to me it's all good and makes this ride/life a great thing :)
i have not received my confirmation billing yet :(
check out these numbers!  congratulations ponoteam!!!! http://ponopeople.org/viewtopic.php…
kyle i'll send $200.00, for the right 1
k thanks
backer #9 ny le
nice to know that i'm #4.832 & #18.988 (wonder what it would've been if i'd stuck to my initial pj on the road to my eventual csny-oct & ny&ch-dec)
@ carlos it is through the kickstarter iphone app, but also works on ipad.  not sure about android.  i use this no to get a rough estimate of where i might be in the shipping queue.
carols yes
ok just got back, my kids showed up and i just spent 3 hours with them. kyle, did you get the pono? which 1, i am sending the $50 now.
am number 202. would have been earlier still but i swapped from an early bird to a nyle.
now i have 6 months to rip the rest of my 650 vinyl records!! lololol
@robert is that through the ks app?
i am backer no. 1892.
ok got it. number 550 thank you very much!
congratulations to everyone on the ponomusic team!  cheers.
yeah - it's on iphone app - where manage pledge used to be .. i'm 14,198
how do you know what backer number you were from the email?
hooray and well done to everyone, especially to the pono team obviously, and all who support them. its a way off to october now, so i am going to hibernate and stock up on high quality music.
if you are on a ipad/iphone, at the bottom of the kickstarter page press view pledge, next page to come up, at the top you will see your backer number.
i could alway tell when the ks/pono updates came as my umpteen million email accounts would go off.  it sounded like church bells, lol!
just call me pono backer 12,669. i may have my name legally changed to that.
@gary now you made me laugh, and reminded me that i too must follow suit!
@douglas stewart i put my two les on your card...thanks.
i have to get back to work now. pay for neils dream...and mine.
@siltech, press where?
wow, that was fast....i paid already. :)
they call it po…no because we are po…now$  but happy :)
its just pledge number, nothing regarding the les yet... tap the brakes everyone... we're in good hands. lol
gary,same here siltech,what exactly do you press & where?
@o'b, no fb, but we'll "meet" again sometime soon. the pono-crowd is born and with it came a warm community of music lovers (instead of square headed tech-freaks).
yeah - where is view pledge button to get my # - not that it really matters...
i am excited about this but trying not to be as october seems to be a loooooong time away ! congratulations to pono ! i hope you guys are enjoying a beer?
@siltech how do you see the pledge numbers? couldn't get your meaning.
your card has been charged! :)
@carlos, ha!
@carlos you just made me laugh so hard!  too funny.
ok, all emails are thru. i am officially destitute, but looking at the stars...
backers, it seems we've hit the jackpot... 777% of the campaign's goal reached when the slots stopped spinning. congrats pono team!
congradulations to team pono! beautiful!  just missed that last csny, but glad for the yellow one i got earlier today!
@creator do you have anything you want to say?
am super excited n can't wait. i want my player like tomorrow :) congrats to t ponos team.
haha!  just got my email confirming payment. @carlos, hi! :-)
press on bottom, view pledge. it will tell you your backer #. i'm #6601
oh  sh*+  you mean we have to pay for these?
congratulations to neil and the entire pono team...the waiting is the hardest part.
@tijn, hope to see you at ponopeople or fb if you have a profile there! :-)
o'boogie  i'm the same carlos/solrac from the 6mil night!  i have a few other aliases/accounts but forget them, lol.  it's been a great ride :)
anyone else hoping they got the last one of their le?
now the time comes to start flac-ing a substantial cd-collection... and @o'b, just being part of it has been worth it already, so only cheers from my side. hope you got what you wished for as well!
got 1 email thru re payment. waiting for others...and waiting...and waiting..
congratulations to neil and the entire pono team!  what a fantastic campaign!  all the best in the months ahead!
i'm hoping i got the last arcade fire!  love those guys.
you can post here all you want folks do it on the other campaigns!
long live pono!
i love this stuff it reminds me of cape canaveral :)
@tijn, sorry you missed it, man. but 2 out of 3 is fabulous!
hey boogie, fundraiser closed, but can we still post here?
congratulations everyone!!!  this rocket is flying high!
i can't believe it. it's very exciting, you guys.
hi @o'b! missed my ny in the last seconds, but hey, 2 out of  3 is a great score! :-)))
almost snagged a neil with 20 seconds left - i'm satisfied with petty....
there went the charge. ;)
woooohoooo!!!  i think i got the last buffalo springfield (251!)  i did it with 20 sec left!
comon @creator- a wee comment from you guys would be nice :)
#1
can you believe it? we were part of a historic campaign and soon will own a tangiable piece of it... huge compliments to neil, the pono team and all backers who stood by theit choice!
alright, now i'll have to wait until december to get my christmas present to myself, it will be amazing.  thanks neil and everyone who made this happen,
a mighty congratulations to neil young and the entire pono music team on what you have accomplished with this kickstarter campaign. it's only going to get more exciting from this point forward. i (all of us i dare  say) can hardly wait until october. once again congratulations to all and to all the backers who made it happen.
"funded! this project was successfully funded 1 minute ago. " phew! so close!
hi, @tijn!
funded!
very cool!! over 6 million to get this off the ground!!  go pono!! and neil young!
woo hoo ponos campaign has ended. great goin guys. congrats.
congrats! last minute switched to a foo fighter, can't wait for october!
nice job,backers! long may we run :)
i can still posti comments on a kickstarter from last year.
last post?
almost forfeited my nych for ny when it states my reward was gone. lol
0 but still on?
no nych!  rats, but still have my ny le!! peace all! wow!
great!
@ivan: nah, you can continue to post pretty much forever here.
cheeeeeerrrrrssssss!!!!!
this doesn't close down because it is funded.
the end
yooohooo ! congratulations everyone, to all the backers as well as the pono team. :)
beautiful!
last post?
woooo!
good night!
now its time to pay.
countdown!
done
booooom! awesome.
in ayre we trust! look forward to being amazed by the sounds of pono...
here we go!!!!
what a kickstarter this was, so glad to be a part of it. see you all over at www.ponopeople.org peace & love to you all!
happy pono to all and to all a good jam!
they will regret it, @philip!
boom!!! to quote douglas adams so long and thanks for all the fish
so many deadheads are missing out on the syf pono
take care mr rich
counting down!
here's to the backers and neil and company!
so any new les coming then...what you mean no time??
and congratulations to all ! 15 seconds to go !
long may you run
loved it, @siltech!
just missed ny le!
great to read your thoughts throughout, ian
ny up
thank you ! :)
houston we have a problem....this kickstarter is about to end for the pono.
congratulations to all, especially the ponomusic team and those who were able to get players.
kyle and boogieman, it's been a blast.
thank you, neil young and pono team!
thanks mr. young! we love you!
looking forward to my pj in oct! it's been fun. now its going to be hard to wait.
just let go of my tom petty
amazing, mere seconds to go ! :d
the time is comin
at the bells all shout happy neil year!!
hooray
i just want to tell you good luck. we're all counting on you.
two!
@ponomusicteam, congratulations!
it was fun!!!
amazing, glad to be part of this historical transformation, deadheads are delighted.
@silitech i'm looking i'm looking!!!
i think neil is going to be very proud of what he accomplished with this kickstarter. and he should.
i've sold my "soul" to pono!
as ny sang in 'last dance' - po no-o, po-no-o
nych up!
3 mins now
just missed to grab the octo
i'm lucky enough to have a nyle but now that we're so close i'm scared i'm going to regret not getting more! wish i could have gone to one of the listening parties.
only $2000 more and today... a 'half day' by most backers, will be the most successful campaign day since 21 march.
@ douglas yeah red road flats for holiday accommodation for me.......
happy pono finish to all :)
no last comment from creator? :)
october shall take place in december this year, ha ha!
kyle help
3 minutes! wow!  i remember when this started!
almost there!!!
holy moly.... only 5 minutes out now.
@richheart what happen to rich?
@dennis on the ponopeople twitter account the other day i said this:  "fearing 'the needle and the damage done' to your vinyl?  try pono!" lol.    love a good ny quote that ties everything together.
@dennis yes sir!
2 black octobers!
@gary craig - also happy in glasgow, but heading for a holiday at home this year i think.
hey hey, my my rock and roll can never die there's more to the picture than meets the eye. hey hey, my my. long play the pono.
black october !
wow. that was fast. it was available for about 2 seconds....
as kay my hifi dealer used to say: "when philips and sony removed the noise floor from the records (inventing the cd), they didn't notice that they removed the music as well ..." please, give us the music back!
my yellow october is available. take it with love, someone. i'll miss it!
my friend is probably gonna be dropping his csn last minute so watch out for that.
@gary craig - glad you got what you wanted and the kudos of the clear. ended up with the ny set!!! too late now.
i love watching the number go up ...
10 minutes!
argh.  missed a nych before i could complete!
10 minutes to go.
well done everyone!! can't wait to see the great things that will come next!! october can't come fast enough!!!
3 black oct available
@ian way to go, see you there and hopefully discuss the ponosound at the beginning of the winter
@ian +1 couldn't have said it better myself.
nice one - ==> "geoleod"
i will forever think of ks when i hear the opening notes of bowies cha cha cha changes...! i hope everyone got what they want. i did! looking forward to continuing to learn and interact with everyone over at ponopeople! my husband thinks we're gambling, i have become a bit addicted! congratulations @neil young @pono team @creator
@joe wood you can always join us at www.ponopeople.org to keep track of what is going on, as well as the pono-site.
@jamie: already there as "jsw". :-)
have not really been here for the past week or so, even though i joined at the beginning on day one for a nyle. been up to eyeballs with other things. good to see that the campaign has been so successful. all of the technical spec arguments, the trolls, the people nay saying it has not stopped it being so successful. i hold to my position that this is not just about the player, but a shift in how we as music appreciators and customers relate directly to the artists and their music. as such this has been and is a huge success. it has given the industry a kick up the backside. and will accelerate the move to hi res files as standard issue rather than the reactive rarity that they are now. hats off to neil, john and the crew. i'll go back over to the supposed spam site at www.ponopeople.org and stay in touch. keep it together ian
@joe - get on to ponopeople to keep up to date as well dude
@douglas stewart  decided not to change my own pledge. dropped a le to get my wife a clear. happy now in glasgow town :)
@jamie: yes. yes it does!
i put up a csny, went in seconds....
i let go my yellow october, but the site hasn't updated to show 1 available yet.
omg it looks like a pinball machine!
@joe wood - being responsible sucks doesn't it?!
i black oct
anyone dropping a nych?
we are cooking with crisco now!!!
@all  see you all over on www.ponopeople.org for the next, exciting 6 months until we get our pono's
the countdown is on!
hi all, due to financial reasons, i need (well, very strongly *ought*) to bail and will re-pledge at the $5 level just to keep up with the latest news. i'll buy a pono in a year or so at $100 more. an october yellow will be up for grabs at 1:10 pm edt. good luck to the rest of you, and i'll see you on the other side. i wish i were joining, but i'll be paying attention to what happens and will be jealous of you all! - joe
anyone dropping csny?
30 minutes to go.
6 foo up
@ robert will give the clear to my wife. she has no interest in csny, though she has seen them quite a few times. am going to stick with what i have now. cheers guys.
apple meet pono.
going to miss the closing bell... got a production meeting starting in 5 minutes. good luck, have fun and thanks to everyone for the great times over the last few weeks. see you all over on ponopeople. cheers, dan
7 foo up
@gary craig welcome to the clear side, we needed the leader behind the clear pono!
oh my! what a lot of posts since i was here last night, had to turn in early for an early for me start today. first chance i've had to come here today but no real time, have to actually be responsible today :( lol, and have not read back yet. i will be driving to a lengthy appointment when the campaign ends, back around 6 pm cdt, so i will not be able to participate for the "finale" and looks like i will be spending a good part of the evening catching up. i see the posts keep coming and think it might get a bit crazy near the end. at least if a chunk of my evening is spent catching up here and at ponopeople, i can think of worse ways to spend an evening, tomorrow is mostly a free day for me :) hope everyone has a great day or night depending where you are, good luck to those playing the frantic le game and see y'all round the pono playgrounds (ks, ponopeople & ponomusic) here's to a big push at the end and congratz pono.
@gry craig - what did you end up with then?
kenny rogers fans take the wooden spoon......
@jamie mcleod very true.
anyone hungry? there are a few dinners left with neil.
buffalo springfield not quite gonna make it to 250......
@dennis &@bernd - to quote a robbie williams lyric (uk poster, solo , take that)  "you can't argue with popularity....well, you can...but you'd be wrong!"
the beauty of people from all over the world coming together for a cause. staggering.
that's all folks :)
@neil young & ponoteam & the wonderful people at ponopeople.org & kyle major cool folks this kickstarter campaign... mahalo !!!  http://m.youtube.com/watch… sweet spiritual dreams vikki & keala where ever you may be aloha !!! my ride is here :) http://m.youtube.com/watch… will let go nych in 5,4,3,2,1... seconds @peace :) stay on target
@bernd burkert even the naysayers cant argue with the the numbers this pono garnered.
15k is an excellent seed for showing there is a demand for high-res audio and better quality masters out there. hopefully in a few months we will get access to a wide variety of music which has not been adulterated by poor mastering or mangled by low bitrates.
if you smile at me i will understand that is something everybody everywhere does in the same language :* cheers everyone! thanks for the camaraderie!
going to drop a csny for a clear if anyone wants it.
the naysayers shall keep asking: "what if 192/24 does not sound better than mp3?" i just signed-up for a yellow pono, and this is my answer: "then i have just signed-up for one of the best sounding mp3 players on this planet. but if 192/24 indeed sounds better (at least sometimes), then i have got the jackpot!" guys, the really important point in this project is to prove that we care about sound quality at all. the music industry must not ignore us further on!
if it were not to the fact of being early afternoon in new york, i would raise my glass to all of the backers.
@rick you're welcome. i was anticipating the 15,000 mark earlier today and am happy we broke through it!
@andreas callendal - and reaching the 15,000 ponos sold just before closing is even sweeter!
it aint over till the fat lady sings....she will be up in 47 minutes.
@andreas callendal - i stand corrected. thank you!
i'm o'boogie at pono people. hope to see you guys there!
@rick gagnon i added up all the different pledged ponoplayers and got 15,012. more now i'm sure. which is a great number! well done pono!
foos are popping up left and right. there's now 5.
@rick gagnon 1,056 pledged $5 or more. but you can pledge anything from $1.
thank you pono and everyone else. this is a revolution fellas!
guys, this has been great.  hoping to snag a last minute nych to match the ny le. looking forward to continuing the dialogue.  where?  ponopeople?  i'm "wildgift" there.
just let go of a black october pono. kept the pj le. it's been great guys, hope to see some of you at ponopeople.org!
ending with good vibes...cheers to all you positive people and music lovers!
@douglas thank you for the kind offering.
@ andreas callendal - 1,054 backers backed $5 or less. look at the numbers. total number of backers - $5/$50/$100 backers = remaining number of backers each of whom bought a pono. we reached  15,000 ponos a long time ago. now 18,150 -1,054 -541 -1,005 = 15,550 = a very nice number.
just sent kyle $50.
it's been a pleasure all.
bam! $6.2 million!
60 minutes to go.
congrats to everyone who participated. i can't wait to hear proper music again. well done pono team and thanks to neil "we are not worthy" young. let's make sure hi res takes over from flat music sold to us by the industry.
sorry, less than $5, not $500
@rick gagnon so i reckon almost 500 backers back less than $500. the amount of ponoplayers pledged passed the 15,000 mark just an hour or so ago.
csn up
@rick gagnon what about those people who pledged between $1 and $4? they don't get a ponoplayer.
go ff
deciding to switch to an le, can't decide between one of the foo's or the rhcp...
getting close the last hour. this is so exciting! @creator, what are you guys doing next?
didn't think we'd make it past $6.2m but looks ok now with just over an hour to go.....
@kyle ok! ;-)
@jdc no thank you! @lisa good to go pono!
@kyle did you get your pono?
kyle - thanks for everything cheers
metallica, that's me, took 24 hrs to get. ;-)
metallica
2 foo 4 u
fingers crossed on a last minute early bird
kyle sent through. hope it helps..
the thread containing vinyl and cd ripping knowledge, i've found to be very informative.  thank you to those of you that are contributing.
f5 works just as well at times like this ;)
@peter, it's how i got my csny!
@creator has been rather quiet :) if i were them i'd be having a little party tonight.
wow, that is wild to see the constant refresh!  looking for a csny or nych to go with my ny
@larry well, you can always spend some time over at www.ponopeople.org where the conversations will undoubtetly will continue and also on the pono-website itself.
so what happens when the clock hits zero? do we all nip over to ponopeople.org to hold each other hands until the long summer of 14 passes and the first few of us get our pono's in october?
@richheart, divine intervention ... om om om om om om om ;)
hoping the customs officers have bad eyes when checking ponos going to europe
@eduard i'm all set buddy.  thank you though.
@all,  ok  the ponos are coming, the ponos are coming !!!  stay on target
i haven't commented much, but have been checking pledge total and comments frequently each day, so the burning question now is -  how do i make it to october and the arrival of my yellow?  it will be a test of patience for sure.     my listening habits seemed to decline as mp3/ipods took off.  hopefully pono will straighten me out.  thanks to neil and pono!!!!
o'boogie, thanks!
@peter, open it in two different tabs, and you can mark individual lines of text.
@patrick, thanks.  can one mark more than one block of text?
@kyle, i'm so pleased for you! music is a thing that unites us all. long live pono people!
@kyle: so, did you get a pono yet or in need of some more support?
it truly is.... what pono has done is not only forge a product that lets us all experience music on a completely different level, but also created a community of supporters the likes of which i haven't seen before. thank you all for the support, both individually and in ponomusic.
2 foo up
want to get the countdown just right? use this for the time http://www.meinbergglobal.com/english/sw/ntp.htm
@kyle, it's good to be kyle !!!
@richheart  what's happening?
i've just witnessed something amazing here... what you guys have done for kyle is soooo moving! and music is what brought us here together
@wonder check your paypal
@kyle, which pono are you looking for?
@ peter, make sure you turn your volume up. it plays a little david bowie clip when something happens
thanks guys
@doug, kyle deserves a good dinner !
@jdc check your pms on the forum.
check 4 change
@peter - check4change
hey, what's the firefox plug in to check changes please?
beiber wtf?
more black octobers up
noooooooooooooooooo , doug. o
@o'b, as long as you avoid bieber et al, she might be useful :-)
@jdc -kyle's off booking his ticket for new york listening party :)
kyle, did you get my payment?
@brian, i don't mind her having her own mind. it's her own taste i'm worried about. that said, i have discovered a few new artists thanks to her.
actually, i see 104 minutes...
@ john - thanks for posting that real nice. you got me into them.
sorry, i spelled springsteen with an ei instead of ee.
100 minutes folks... i guess you see that ...
@o'b, i guess having their own minds is good, just hope she keeps listening to good tunes.   she'll probably introduce me to some new stuff :-)
2 tom petty available
still 1 black october free
@ andreas callendal - 18,100 -1,052 ($5) -539 ($50) -1,003 ($100) = 15,506 ponos
yeah, jdc. i am a huge fan of them. they are from louisville kentucky, and i work in louisville 5 days a week. i commute about 44 miles one way each day. i was born in kentucky, and they really represent the best music coming out of the state these days. (i'm not that into the country music side of things, and we have plenty of those stars.) besides them representing where i'm form so well, they are a killer live act. i didn't want to go too far in posting videos or other links to their stuff here, but i probably will on ponopeople.org. i've already posted a video of them playing harvest moon with neil at last year's bridge school benefit show (both here and on ponopeople.org) and another video of mmj playing brown eyed women with bob weir at last summer's americanarama tour with wilco and bob dylan. they are super talented and are very well respected in the music world. people in the know, appreciate their true love of music and have asked them to take part in many tribute albums and benefit concerts. just to name a couple of really outstanding ones, they were a vital part of the love for levon benefit show after levon helm died. they even performed the night they drove old dixie down with roger waters. their lead singer, jim james, sang at last year's musicares tribute to bruce springstein. he sang the ghost of tom joad with tom morello. it can be special ordered. i just got mine last night. ...you see, i can go on and on and on about the boys from kentucky...
@doug, rick thanks $50 sent successfully !
ff up
kyle is in texas
@richheart, i just sent $50 to kyle - keep track ok?
cutting costs here...anyone want my pj for an early bird ??
cortez the killer on pono...can't wait
texas i think? usa
what country is kyle in?
black october up
ny le up
@brian, you are raising her right! bless her. my niece was raised with great tunes. but now at the age of 18 (almost 19), she has terrible taste. it doesn't always stick. :-(
15,012 ponoplayers a couple of minutes ago. well done!
o'b, thanks, she is adorable and loves music.  she requested the grand tour by george jones in the car the other day, not that there's any brain washing being done.  #nerds - love it!
check4change
@brian, i bet you get to pick. and that is the one to pick, for sure! and imagine a photo and meeting neil. so. jealous.
what is the name of the firefox plugin?
@kyle, before it's too late dude :) http://m.youtube.com/watch…
kyle.ross.french@gmail
@ john - you have shown true passion with mmj
2 oct black available
i'm on ponopeople.org as darkstarflashes.
1 csn le available as of 11:22 est
just wondering what le options i'll get with the dinner.  want a ny le if possible.  feel very lucky right now.
haha! your daughter is adorable. :-) i post photos of my family and dogs. that's pretty much it. and now we can chat about pono! #nerds
@kyle, pay me back buying the baby new shoes - all i ask ok?
o'b, many thanks for the link, just added some pics - am i missing the point of fb lol?
kyle ok
this is not what i intended by making that comment earlier. if i allow you all to do this for me you have to be willing to let me pay you back as i can.....
@kyle, you a cowboy here dude ! round up dem pono chips k ? email address ? http://m.youtube.com/watch…
@kyle, you should let them do this for you. they want to.
@ kyle we will help you
well, my morning jacket have climbed to 95 le pono music players sold (pledged for). only 2 hours left. let's get hot people! jacket fans, this is your last chance...
@richheart, in for $50 kyle... now is that moment dude go 4 it!!!
@jdc, kyle email address is ???
@kyle please give us the gift of allowing us to make you happy. please tell us your email. we will each send you $50 and state when we've done it, that way you won't end up over $400 :)
@brian, whoops! that was the wrong guy. i just found you and sent you a request. :-)
foos for grab!
kyle, we tried man. would have been happy to part with a 50 for ya.
@kyle, ponopeople@gmail ???
@o'b my fb photo is currently a velvet underground album cover, not that music is a theme in my life! wow, i'm so glad i opted for the dinner - i would've regretted not doing it and i hate that feeling.  get to meet neil, looking forward to it already.  on vacation in the u.s. and now heading out shopping!
@kyle, creator has a "heart of gold" they will come through 4 you john hamm won't allow it !!!  http://m.youtube.com/watch…
@kyle can you give us your email account so that we can paypal you?  on ponopeople? if a few of us send you $50 you will be getting it, right?
please anyone else to chip in for kyle who has been fantastic throughout this kickstarter.
@brian, i just sent a request to a brian milligan on facebook. sure hope it was you. hahaha.
@ed, ok! sounds good! @kyle, get a pono! your wife will understand! you deserve a pono! i am tossing in my ny + ch in 2 minutes :-)
sorry @wonder i meant @jdc
@ rich for sure - happy to chip in 50
@wonder  i have messaged kyle on ponopeople you can find me there too. i am up for 50-100 and if you are too, that leaves @kyle to put up $100 anyone else in?
@wonder the ponoteam already knows.  you're yelling at a wall lol.  i told them that i didn't expect to get a unit but not to assume that it meant i am not supporting them... etc etc.... seriously...  mine will come in time.  there's not need for this kind of thing right now, the real story is what will be happening in 2 hours and 30 minutes... success for pono!!!1
brian! you bought a dinner! are you taking me? hahahaha. are you the only brian milligan on fb? i'll add you there. you'll recognize the photo as my fb is linked with kickstarter.
yep kyle i will chip in 50 too, bubs needs quality sound too.
yep kyle deserves an le!
well i'm just going to hang onto the neil set, its a bit of history after all. i may get a t shirt made up before i go to bergen to see him in the summer.
@kyle i am up for $50 as a gift to you newborn's dad :) that takes you to $250 for a plain
o'b, i'll keep the same moniker there too, i am on fb and it would be great to link. guess who just bought a dinner?
@ kyle - you deserve it.
opps - kyle didn't (baby on the way) no $$$ get a pono !!! release one to him for all that kyle has done p l e a s e !!! - :)
@everyone ... i just sent this via "contact me" link anyone else ? worth a try he deserves pono !!!
1 black october?!
@wonder i'll buy one eventually... i'm not trying to get free handouts here.  that detracts from the business they're running.
@ed@jdc no no no... i would not accept.  i appreciate the guesture though fellas.
@creator, kyle deserves a pono le don't ya think ?????
@richheart not short anything... just hard to justify it with a bun in the oven living paycheck to paycheck... i could grab one today if i acted irresponsibly... which might be the case... >:-|     <-- my wife in decemeber lol.
how = who
@everybody with an early bird : how will help out kyle?
@ kyle - yeah happy to help out
@kyle you can get a plain for $300. how much are you short?
@lisa : i have already got a ny &ch (for my brother who doesn't know it yet) and a csny (for myself)
@ kyle - legitimate argument, cmon man.
@ed would you like to have a ny + ch? i'm looking for ny or pj!
yep, ponopeople.org os the place for this for info.
@jdc "but babe, the wiggles aren't the same on compressed audio..." lol thanks.
ponopeople.org
@ kyle - hey new baby needs to hear the wiggles properly. congrats too.
love ya neil !!! thanks !!! http://m.youtube.com/watch…
one dead back can't afford two of them didn't hit lottery last night
@lisa no, that is the only one in the le i would really like to add
lol @jdc that's too kind my wife would kill me as we're expecting...
@ed yes, i'm looking for ny! do you have one?
kickstarter for o'boogie to get a lyle! but yes, also an le for kyle. ;-)
kickstarter for kyle to get an le
aw, brian, thanks! are you going to have the same name over there? i'm already there as o'boogie. i've half a mind to add you on facebook if you're on there! :-d
@ richheart and kyle : i agree,; kyle you have to get one
@lisa or are you looking for ny?
so much love on here now. thank you all for a great campaign. thank you pono staff for running this, thanks kyle for the ponopeople forum. kyle, you are not ending this campaign without a pono!,
@ lisa, yes please
@joe the link to www.ponopeople.org will keep you in touch with this community of music-lovers. also, pono themselves will set up a forum i assume.
hi guys! back again b4 it's over! still wanting ny! anybody? i can toss in a ny + ch!
@joe www.ponopeople.org @ed not as of right now...
i'm migrating for sure, this has been a blast, made extra special by o'b. so far i've got a beck le and a poster.  just need to make my mind up on the dinner.
http://ponopeople.org/
@kyle but you do have one i hope
link to pono people?
sadly letting my foo fighters go.  at least i will have a nice shirt. enjoy pono people
git it git it gone!
@ed unfortunately no.
i hope you all migrate to pono people because i like you guys. awww.
@ed: c4c
@kyle did you not get an early bird?
@ kyle - you are the man with pono people
@jdc : ny le (have a black, ny & ch and a csny)
@ed true, all i need now is to save up between now and the store opening to buy...........
@ed i'm still wondering if i can afford just one...
@kevin and for 450 - 500 eur it is still a very good deal and you are supporting the renaissance of the music as it should be heard
@neil young, almost time to go finish our ponos:) thanks dude :)  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
ed what do you want?
anybody still wondering how many pono's they can afford? with only 3 hours to go i am still looking
@ed thanks for that. still going to keep my csny le though!
@o'b, no dream lol.
@kevin we asked that last month but it will not make a difference according to the experts as the manufacturing is done in china
@ o'boogie - i am terrible like that too.
currently sitting at 770% of its goal... wow. check out these stats:  http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/1003614822/ponomusic-where-your-soul-rediscovers-music/#chart-daily congrats pono!
3 and counting!
any chance the shipping for ireland and the uk could be done from the manufacturers base in cork, ireland and that might help the import issue for some of us?
@jdc, haha! i've done that in the past. trying to be a little wiser now. i'm very spendy when it comes to my music.
@jdc, richheart is the man !!!
countdown clock..... 3 hours, 21 minutes until close.
o'boogie, i always purchase and forget about the burning. until burning starts again with cc statements.
@ richheart- mean it, you have made some great justified comments here and all nicely done.
@jdc, if i had $400 burning a hole in my pocket, i would! but alas, i do not.
o'boogie if that's what you want go for it
@brian, ha! i thought maybe i dreamed that last night ... something about an action figure of me ... guess i didn't dream it!
@jdc thanks... i got my handle from a compliment like your's :)
wonder- yes
plastic is a high quality material, for an le or an o'b singing action figure.
@lawrence, sorry. :-(  but we have matching csnys, and we get four signatures for the price of one. hahaha.
milestones - $5 backers = 1,050   $100 backers = 1,000
@kyle, all good reasons to snag a lyle. if i could have two, i'd snag a lyle in a heartbeart. i adore him. going to see him live next month. hoping i can say hey backstage and snag a photo and autograph. @rh, happy i could help! :-d
alas, finally letting go of the hope for a ny. i have the csny already, so alls good in love & pono.
@everyone, we've been at this for a freaking month people !!! "lets party !!!
richheart in life and online, love you man
@o'boogie it's all your fault i got the earlybird.  i missed the custom refresh rate on the ff app :) thanks so much
@richheart, we love you, too, man. peace and love, peace and love! :-)
@richheart, group hug :) awwwww
@o'boogie yeah... lyle is an alumnus of my alma mater as well.... and his name rhymes with mine...
@o'boogie no poo on anything or anyone.. chrome shines :) l.e.s are class. love you all :)
brian we love you
@o'boogie, it's that guy ... :)
@brian: hey! :-)
le
@rh, they are all plastic, my man. don't poo on the les. ;-)
morning folks, loving the numbers!
@richheart, we all love ya dude !!!
@richheart: can't blame you. for a 200$ early bird i might let go of my pj le as well. or, more likely, i'd keep them both if an early bird landed in front of me :)
hey rich getting an early bird is just common sense especially with taxes to the eu. i need italics hey.
not denigrating. i was always in for a pono.  paying an extra $200 plus taxes for chromed plastic and signatures... (yeah, i'd love the case) plus a couple of albums...  just can't justify it
to all the ponos i've loved before
i love lyle, kyle. that's where i started out, but i ultimately wanted a csn or csny. i first got a csn, then i snagged a csny. most pleased. :-)
i was thinking about getting a  willie and lyle... to have the two texans available.
@wonder, that is a hell of a list. between my mom and i, we have a csny and a willie nelson. :-)
richheart denigrating a le like that
1 yellow oct available
wonder is wonderful
sorry guys, i picked up an earlybird thanks to  @o'boogie i was on a 4 second refresh and just pushed the button. so... not very thrilled with the l.e.s i am happy to pick up a pono for such a reasonable price. the clear... oh-well :)
@o'boogie, yea 8 different names - this is my list: ny, nych, csny, buffalo, gd, clear, wildcard ;) & a poster ... $2,900 - worth every penny !!!
@rh, i know, but i don't remember who wonder is. i thought maybe i knew who it was outside of kickstarter. :-)
an early bird just came and went..
@o'boogie you told us on here you're a proofreader (you are also very tired :))
boogie we read, not proofread, but we read the comment section
@wonder, have you been using a different name? how did you know i love j.r. cash and that i'm a proofreader? just wondering. :-)
sounds like richheart made a clear decision.
but rich we didn't start the fire
@richheart, "stay on target"  https://m.youtube.com/watch…
ok guys... the le i really wanted was the clear not le... coming only in december? "you may be right i may be crazy" no billy joel?  i will either grab the last jb le or a clear
anyone!?
someone out there, give  richheart a ny le.
@o'boogie, yea exploding molten lead had its drawbacks / noisy but a wonderful industrial style :)
yeah rich you have to get a le or all your comments get changed to how you wanted a milli vanilli le.
@richheart, come on, fella. you gotta get a le!
the number man
seriously @richheart you need an le.
@wonder, nice. it's all done digitally now, which isn't always the easiest way to proofread ...
@richheart you've come to far, not to get a le. you have one shot, now or never.
i have no idea what @wonder just said
@siltech, nothing much. just listening to tunes and watching the numbers, man! :-)
@o'boogie, long ago... on the east coast in radnor pa ... bout midnight i would saunter off to my night job at tv guide. where they "printed" all of the new guides on linotype machines / my gig was to read upside-down & backwards / switching out last weeks lead lines with the new slugs of type / carry my galleys over to proofing where a very beautiful proofer would check my placement & the linotyper's spelling - hot lead smells like...
wonder is awesome, best list ever.
boogie man, what up?
where is this red moon
@ wonder - australia east side. it's late man but i want to stay up and see what happens. @ kyle - go a gd for sure.
oh siltec i'm so confused. dropped my csn-y just now want a clear but don't want to wait til december am holding early black as of now.
1 ny&ch up
hi, wonder! :-)
@jdc, lol late where you are ?
@o'boogie, welcome back :) https://m.youtube.com/watch…
listening to john prine this morning. where's my pal brian millligan?
o'boogie - we are on different vibes and hemispheres.
@kyle french --- i've been watching the gd, too. very enticing even though i have the csny.
@jdc i just want the dead unit now.  i've been monitoring it closely.  everyone's looking for a ny or pj... but they just aren't there to get.
@wonder - no i'm anaemic man. have watched people oohh aahh i see what you did there.
@jdc, you ever been to a blood bank? lol ahhh the needle and the damage...
what kyle i thought you everything you wanted snapped up. you selfless person you.
hi, jdc! nice to be here.
i guess i should start looking to grab my own unit now.... i've been helping others get what they want so i haven't had a chance to get my own thing going.  lol.
o'boogie nice to have you here
this is v. exciting. love all the action.
hey wonder come on man i don't have cash to throw around like you.
@jdc, you get it !!!
@daniel, all 8 accounts are solid - this is a once in a lifetime thang - everything pledged will stay pledged to pono / the wildcard is a "choice" dropping one for the other / pono poker :) just want to keep my options open now with only "hours" left here then "happy trails"
someone get the 1000th poster
kyle - cool no worries. my alias is jdc over there too.
yeah, it's nice to have that freedom.  it might be worth people opening a new account and cancelling their previous order of they get it.
whoops... anyway thanks.
@jdc
with this many people waiting,  the chances of getting yours back if you lose it are slim...
@daniel, lucky for me that dynamic is not in play at this time - playing pono poker :)
@jdc, been here since day one / now i have 8 kickstarter aliases to balance :)
just be careful when switching.  if someone takes it before you,  your pledge is cancelled, and someone could swipe it from under you. i almost lost a nych this way,  but managed to pick it back up before anyone else did...
wonder you win the best pledge list bro
1 csn available!! get it while it lasts
@jdc, you win ... something ... :)
@kyle, you win the popular vote dude !!!
@jason, this places loves suggestions - ask pono people org :)
@ kyle, if you need help at all happy to provide some in whatever capacity.
my pono supreme idea would have the dual dac, one dac for each channel.   an improved noise floor for even smoother  sound, and then i realize that may be a bit much for pono's intended market
@jdc thanks.  always looking to build on it and make improvements.  there will be plenty of questions to be answered over the next few months, hopefully the site's following will continue to garner the answers from pono.
@ kyle great job with it, catering to everyone, it's impressive.
@jdc, kyle, be @peace oh brothers of the ordering of the ponos :)
@jdc yeah, out of 18,000+ backers there's plenty of room over there for some growth...
kyle will be heading to pono people soon
well this place is hopping today.... i wonder why lol
oh and about 8 different pic discs of changes mostly mail order
@ doug - cat people is my favourite bowie tune for some reason
david bowie 1984 pic 40th anniversary us .uk release is rock roll suicide
@jason, "wildcard" is something pledged but might switch at the last minute ;) not saying just what that might be - looking like a kickstarter poker game here ;)
@ slick - agreed, bargain. when  it was limited to 500 it was a given. even limited to 1500 is rare with all the other swag.
@doug - i'm interested to know what this bowie stuff is? to all, this is the last few hours. if you are thinking of ditching any of the ones you are keeping this is the time - to give the frantic ones a chance.
hmmm wildcard
jdc, posters are only $100 and ya get all the t-shirt swag 2 ;)
@wonder, what is a wild card pono. also, i wish they did a pono supreme.   a slightly larger pono with a dual-dac setup for even cleaner sound.
i'm dropping a ny&ch in 3 minutes.be ready if you want it!
wonder what are you hoping for?
@daniel, jdc, the "wildcard" has me watching this very closely herein hawaii :)
wonder - go a kr and portugal purely for rarity, yep agree with daniel impressive list. people are missing out on the poster too, neil doesn't sign much.
@creator, this is an expertly coordinated campaign. so exciting for music. thanks to everyone. if pono does another ks, there is one place you left some money on the table. in the options there could have been the choice to buy pono player with founders club for extra $50. would have eliminated having to sign up with ks multiple times. almost everyone has an extra $50 to spend, but we do run out of email accounts. thanks
wonder, you need a pj....... lol, jk, that list is impressive....
@doug, so far... ny, nych, csny, buffalo, gd, clear, wildcard ;) & a poster ... $2,900 - worth every penny !!!
@wonder ? bread $$$ = the listening party is once in a lifetime, it would cost me around $7000.00 though taking in flights and other accommodation, so was never a reality for me. never going to give up the ny but i could be persuaded on the others as i think it may be more beneficial to the cause that more people get the ones they want. the more people with pono's the better and me having 3 that just sit in a cabinet while one plays just seems to be wrong somehow. oh my conscience is! anyone else sitting with the same and feeling the clock?
@ abel debritto i hope you turn out to be correct. i haven't tried ripping bluray, would love to avoid having to try.
i got a ny&ch i would like to swap for a csn&y. anyone?
@doug, once in a lifetime :)
almost 18000 backers
ok major quandary! i have the set, ny ny&ch, csn&y & sprigfield and the money isn't the issue (lol, i wish), what do i want with 4? they are collectable, i collect things of mr young & bowie. its record store day on saturday there's bowie stuff to be had on the eu side of the pond and different  stuff on the us side of the pond = more collecting more money!! ahhhhhhhhhhh
@blue is best hmm, not sure about that. i don't think they sold that many blu-ray copies of archives v1. we can obviously rip the br, but it's a long, tedious process, and not everyone knows how to do it. a download link for those who prove to have a copy of the br set would be great. but maybe you're right and it's not doable.
@abel doing that would be pono
@abel that's a great idea
@ abel debritto i don't think that will happen. too much to pay in royalties.
@ abel - i guess everyone was doing the mp3 download card thing. pono can maybe jump on that and offer their card with vinyl.
black oct up
@ jason - harvest moon here
@blue is best i think to recall that there was an mp3 download card, right?--i never used it, but i think i saw it. maybe they could re-direct that mp3 download link to the pono store so everybody with that card could download the archives v1, including the bd tracks, as high rez flac files. just a thought.
dennis 5/5 yes
@richheart are you keeping your clear? take care.
@jason ganz  one could go broke buying all of ny's albums...but what a way to go.
@siltech you mean 5 of 5.
@dennis lane.   greendale was my first neil young album.   i'm hoping i get his americana album on my pono.
i was listening to neil"s "live at the cellar door", yesterday.....man he is hard to beat.
kenny rogers, very rare 5/500
@jamie mcleod neil has always had a way of shaking up his fans....in a good way.
looking to trade ny&ch le  for a ny le
i'd spring for an le or clear if i was in the us, but in new zealand anything over the $315 will incur approx $100 extra again in customs and sales tax.  gunna be a long wait til october now though.
@dennis - similar thing with last year's world tour. a lot of people obviously didn't read the part on their ticket where it said "with crazy horse" and went along expecting more of his laid back stuff.
edging slowly towards 18,000 .......
in the next few hours remaining most should be able to get what their heart desires, as everyone shuffles their pledges....good luck...and may the sound be with you.
@ abel debritto good question. i have been hoping there might be a bonus 'update' bluray disc in the vol.2 box with these tracks but this method would work (though only for us pono buyers!)
anybody think this thing will hit $6 million? oh, wait....
5 hours!
1 csn up!
impressed with how well the clears moved!
ny & ch up
@ dennis - yep neil always has the ability to surprise and be creative, greendale is good, i agree.
@ creator - the ny archives 1 blu-ray live tracks are a pain to rip. any chance that the owners of this blu-ray get a link to download the 24/192 flac files?
the pono le's remind me of something a very wise taiwanese friend said to me many many years ago...."life's experiences are filled with opportunities, they are like windows of many sizes and shapes that travel by at various speeds and heights.  and when they do, you have to be ready to jump through, they may never pass you again!"~ mike chen
@jdc funny that neil even surprised his fans occasionally. i remember going to one of his concerts expecting to hear all his greats, and he played none...zip. what he played was greendale. many in the audience booed, but that album has since become one of my favorites.
*ever
@ phalanger - my thoughts exactly, well said. love neil but grew up with ff and pj and it wouldn't feel right with something else. @ dennis - neil imo has written some of the best songs, wver.
@jdc neil is a musical genius who never stopped trying to make his art better.
@benjamin i shut the financial side of the brain down a lot, lol!
a tom petty just became available fyi
@ dennis absolutely agree and that is so true. ny seems to speak to all generations though.
@jdc i hear that. i pondered a ny edition cause it's his project. then again, pj is closer to my heart musically. and it is all about the music anyway. not like i plan to store it unused and hope to make a profit off it or something. its gonna be used to play music! a lot! :d
not fair, a tom petty just came up but the financial side of my brain is stopping me from getting it.
6 hrs and counting!  burn pono burn!!!
@jdc each generation has their idols and all are valid, glad you got one, they to were sold out most of the time.
@ dennis - well i guess being part of the younger generation on here i grabbed a ff plus a poster. i had options for nys but that is what i wanted.
thanks guys ill hold on to my le foo fighters 500/500 it will be kinda cool to have it  can't wait #pono
@jdc what are you ending up with?
dennis - great trade, those two you have are/will be the holy grail anyway.
@jdc i traded in a csn to get the nych.
@jdc yes i was, and they are both great les,
dennis - that is fantastic, were you tempted to go the whole 4 buffalo & csny?
@jdc i pledged for a ny and a nych le.
dennis what did you pledge for again?
going back to the future with music has never been so fun...thanks neil.
@ed glad you got it :-)
6 hrs and counting.
buying a pono is the difference between watching history and being a part of history.
never mind, i got it csny
@lisa  when?
ok guys, decision time. i am tossing back a early black & a csny! staying with a early black and yellow & 2 t's. 2 sets of shure se535's & lots of music waiting on october! go pono, the sky's the limit! thank you @pono team & @neil young 4 everything you are doing :* much love
still, since there's no escaping that sight unseen, we are buying a pig in a poke with the clear, if would've be nice to have had something to sweeten the deal a bit. and first batch (nov) delivery would certainly have been good enough for me, at any rate. as it is, i'm finding myself on the fence.
@phalanger, neil & co. have gotten this far and the sky and above the sky is the limit!
@wc: i doubt neil has seen a clear one himself, except maybe the very early prototype displayed on the ks page (which doesnt seem to be a working model and has no battery). but i agree with you, i'm sure it will be a worthy offer
7 hours to go, $6,131,885, and approaching 18,000 backers!
@jussi, @phalanger, since the both of you seem so skeptical on the clear, just have some faith in neil and his team.  i'm sure they won't disappoint!
@wc, cinnamon girl
jussi myllyluoma: i'm not convinced either that the clear will look that awesome, considering it will have a big battery in the middle and will have the button controls and screen on the front side, which may not look as attractive as the clear guts pics that we've seen on the ks page. then again who knows it might look very cool. i guess this is the time for last moment doubts, not just for you :)
@jdc -- yes, that is indeed what it says. but in one of their comments @creator indicated that that was only a worst-case estimate, implying that the actual delivery may be sooner. but in another comment the indication is that december means december, period. so which one is it? i ask, because i'm pledging for a pono clear, but i'm beginning to feel that the value i get from the extra $100 is beginning to seem fairly thin -- especially if i need to resign myself to a december delivery anyway. not a limited edition, second batch delivery, no idea what it actually looks like ... beginning to feel i might as well downgrade to a $300 reward. so, i'm looking more and more desperately for information that might justify that i stay with the clear, and a soft "december at the extreme latest but probably earlier" reading of the delivery estimate might do it... but i don't seem to be making much headway.
reagan creado: yeah i think i might do that. chrome-painted plastic doesn't really attract me much. rubberized black plastic is probably nicer. on the other hand i am a big pj fan so it would still be cool. i guess i still have a few hours left to doubt about it :s
@ jdc 2 quotes from creator on march 19th: a) "if you're referring to the chrome finish, it's simply a finish and the case is not made of metal. it is a great looking highly durable material that is scratch resistant." rich, the finish is not metallic. it's simply a chrome finish. we'll get you a more precise description. you're correct. a metallic finish is not conducive to producing distortion free sound."
6,127,734 big ones well done neil and the pono team!
thank you very much for your awnser reagan, as well for reminding me to change the 'ship to us' option at the bottom
is there a information when the pono team will tell witch albums are on the le versions? thx
yeah you can gustavoloops - just go to 'manage your' pledge and change only the amount. also change the 'ship to us' option at the bottom of the page and you're good to go. don't select a different pledge else you will loose your current one.
hi fiends! one question. i pledged 415$ for a le now sold out because the original address was in europe, but now i can have it sent to an american address so i'd like to change the pledge to 400$. is that possible to make without losing the item? can i just change the amount and keep the pledge selected? thanks!
@phalanger i would let the le go and keep the black - you could use the cash saved to buy 3 or 4 pearl jam albums if need be. real metal would have been my first choice, but i would prefer the effect of the rubberized paint over the silver-coloured plastic of the le's.
@ jdc as far as i understand it. feel free to trawl through the consolidated creator comments page for yourself :)
@ jussi - it says it on the pledge box ie. estimated delivery:
okay ... we have two different bids regarding the december delivery dates, most especially with regard to the pono clear: .  --  "we will do our best to deliver all players asap." the december timeframe is basically just a worst-case to create a little extra breathing room, just in case, but the ambition is that everything will ship earlier, if possible. .  --  "the first batch of ponoplayers will arrive in october. the second batch will arrive in time for christmas." everything that's slated for december will not be shipped earlier regardless of october pono sales. . which one is it? does anybody know?
@phalanger, if you're so uncertain then let the pearl jam le go to someone who really wants it. besides you have a black, right?
paint effect!?
@ blue is best the chrome look is a paint 'effect'. (it's not real chrome).
@ daithi heneghan no need to guess!  you can see pictures of les over at the ponomusic twitter page. also, go and register & check out the ponopeople.org forum (there's more to life than the sh forums!) :) i'll quote this from an answer from the ponomusic team to moderator kyle french over there: "the black and yellow units are abs/pc plastic (the same material used in notebook housings) covered with a highly durable rubberized paint that is similar to what is used on the motorola x phones, and is selected for frequent use and minimal wear". the unit casings are not metal because this would interfere with the sound - the chrome is a paint 'effect'.
@daithi heneghan: they are plastic with a chrome coating. i am curious how they look from the front though. all we have seen were (rendered) images of the signed backside. i am currently holding a pj le aswell as a black pono and am still undecided which to let go of, because i'm not sure i'll really like how the le looks from the front.
thanks for the replies jamie, phalanger, henry and wc, i guess if there's no real reason then that'll make me a sucker :) for assuming that its clever marketing. i was also hoping that ny might have offered (or might still offer with the second edition a year or two from now) a 'heart of gold' color option - that would surely be fantastic.
wonder what the  le pono's are like if there non metal  any one care to hazard a guess ???
could be to do with available colours in the rubberised paint they are using.  often that sort of specialised paint has limited colour choices.
@reagan creado i love how many assumptions are made on here. you make it sound almost like a conspiracy :d. i'm guessing maybe he just liked yellow out of the colors that were considered for the first prototype? who knows, but i wouldnt expect a hidden reason that isn't shared to protect the le's ;)
@reagan, john hamm is alumnus of purdue university (old gold & black) school colors  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/purdue_university  / possible yellow black color selection explanation :)
@reagan, what if he doesn't? :)
k. am sure ny has a damn good reason for using the yellow color, he just hasn't addressed it yet cos of the artist signature series. i hope he does eventually though.
i have a yellow ipod nano... yellow would be my choice of pono as well, though.
yeah i see the black but i think i'm gonna stay with the egg yolk yellow as that's the color that i think is unique to pono.
one october black is up!
yeah lucky guy who just got t early bird -- you were supppppper fast. congrats.
well done on whoever just got that early bird
had backed for a csny but let it go in lieu of the simple yellow player when i read the fine print that the chrome casing is non-metal. woulda loved to have metal casing. guess i'll just buy the ny or csny albums.
@wc   i seem to like most of what he did with crazy horse.
@. andy thought as much can't see any more been let go now i so happy i snagged all the way down in oz
@peter, @robert, great songs, sooo many to choose from! already one is something special!
@daithi yes yours will be 500 unless someone else picks one up prior to closing.
daniel waldron 34 minutes ago: very surprised about the lack of buffalo springfields sold... they might be really desirable if only around 250 get made apparantly they aren't, since only around 250 got sold :)
i just got a  foo fighters le thanks to who ever dropped them does that mean i have number 500/500 le  i have changed no fewer than 15 pledges  got there in the end
i just got a  foo fighters le thanks to who ever dropped them does that mean i have number 500/500 le  i have changed no fewer than 15 pledges  got there in the end
it feels odd looking back at the comments this morning. like i'm looking back at someone's facebook chat with a person they really like ... proceeding never the less!
actually i meant like a hurricane.
there are a lot, but already one just gets me.
old ways' my boy
go to the country take the dog look at the sky without the smog see the world laugh at the farmers feeding hogs, eat hot dogs...
mine would be hurricane.
anyone here have a favorite neil song?  one of mine is here we are in the years.
@wc  yes, that would be perfect!
@robert wish i had ibm's big blue to get a ny.
how often does an early bird open up?
i would swear some of these backers have super computers as fast as they are gone.
a neil just went up, it is gone now....
@daniel, i had a buffalo but when the crazy horse came out, i had to snag it.
did you get it?
very surprised about the lack of buffalo springfields sold... they might be really desirable if only around 250 get made
well, only 3 more, and you can get the whole ny collection !
thanks daniel, i'm just glad that i've got a neil pono and am very happy that neil's vision has become a reality! :)
wc, good luck.  i can't imagine many more will come up.  hope you get it though
i'm looking to trade a nych for a ny le.
keeping my ny, but if a nych came up i would irresponsibly think about getting it !!
haha, that would be nice, but would also set me back too much right now.. i was really hoping for the crazy horse though, and those haven't seemed to come up very much....
@daniel, why not keep the csny and get a buffalo springfield?  you'll have every neil player. :)
pretty happy!  i had a csny and traded for a ny&ch earlier today.  now i have a ny and a ny&ch.  don't think it could have worked out better....
thanks @ jamie, i have a crazy horse, buuuuuut would love a neil le.
@wc - i have it going.  watching ny & csn&y.  the first ny today was so fast it didn't even pick it up, the second one i was able to select and press the 'continue to next step' button. when the page loaded it came up as gone.....
good luck to you to!
@jamie do you have that firefox program that was mentioned on here earlier?  good luck on snagging a neil! :)
i just missed the $200 early bird by a few seconds.  anyway good luck!
tell me about it.  two so far today, missed the second one by seconds, literally.
whoever released that $200, thank you so much.
ny le have been few to come across.
waiting to try and get a ny le and was thinking by releasing the csn it might prompt someone to free up either a ny or a csn&y
@jamie mcleod why a clear and not an le?
1 $200 early bird available and a petty :)
just dropped csn and picked up a clear instead
@creator, it would be cool if the pono store opens early and we can buy preorders from your online store.  once the ponos arrive, bam!  albums will be ready for the transfer.
o'b, love it :-)
night o'boogie and everyone else as well, i should turn in soon
night! zzzzzzzzzzzz
night brian, hope the $5k fairy visits us during the night :d
i'm off to sleep. night, pals. x
brian, that song is freakishly accurate, too. ;-)
@jamie - hahaha, no. i like canadian comedians, but singers, not so much!
night all.
fredie mercury...best rock vocalist ever, and i don't listen to a lot of queen. that guy could belt it! one of the greatest moments in rock history https://www.youtube.com/watch…
i love john prine, brian. perfect! :-) bill, thanks!
is there a specific date when the pono store will open up?
o'b, john prine, in spite of ourselves springs to mind: she thinks all my jokes are corny convict movies make her horny she likes ketchup on her scrambled eggs swears like a sailor when shaves her legs she takes a lickin' and keeps on tickin' i'm never gonna let her go. now a singing o'b action figure would be great :)
i'm down with a freddie mercury edition!
@o'boogie saw your queen post and thought immediately of this. it's incredible. enjoy! http://www.makenmusic.com/blog_v2/link-of-the-day-isolated-vocal-tracks-from-queen-and-david-bowies-under-pressure/
haha! you guys are too funny.
i live in the south. trust me, a southern belle's accent does not preclude a sailor's vocabulary.
i'm in tell me where to pledge~
o'b, that would be even more fun, sounds like a new ks campaign.
i have a bit of a southern accent, so will that do? haha. :-)
the o'b sailor action figure sounds like a blast - it would need to have a voice though!
@jay, i know, it's so tempting.  just texting a friend to see if he wants to go.  he's a huge ny fan too and maybe unaware of the pono site.
@joe, rare earth just work out of the box, out of the earth in this case and are naturally occurring. electromagnetic require intervention and are not naturally occurring yet they are natural as everything is made from super nova star dust. is that technicalnessless for you :p @brian milligan, yeah i am in chicagoland and wish i could swing the $5k. anyone interested in some 50's and 60's neumann m7, 8 & 9 caps?
oh, i wish i had a spare $5,000 laying around. i'd pledge in a flash!
@brian - it's not like the chance to have a listening party w/ neil young is going to happen often. claim "bucket list" and do it!!!
@brian, i'm tempted too.  now if a half moon bay would open up....
oh oh i'm a typo junky @o'boogie sorry! :) i'll try harder...
very tempted to pledge for one of the dinners.
@3d now magnets how do they work?
"sailor o'boogie" - i think we have a new action figure to consider!
it hits the fan - south park studios the you-know-what hits the fan 162 times when the citizens of south park tune in to hear the word shit on a ... http://www.southparkstudios.com/full-episodes/s05e02-it-hits-the-fan
i have a mouth like a sailor, so it made me laugh, too. but ugh! typos are 'orrible things.
o'b this is social, it doesn't have to be perfect.  your inadvertent attempt at toilet humour made me smile, twice.
i'm a proofreader! i'm horrified by typos! :-o
@o'boogie, so nice it showed up twice :d @joe, the first works on it's own whilst the later requires intervention
typos are terrible :)
$6.1 mil
speaking of music, has anybody discovered paradise radio on here?  it's like an online crowd sourced radio station and i love it.  no advertisements.  no record companies pushing their artists.  it's all user driven.
whoops. shut down.
i think it carries on for the foreseeable future. doesn't shit down or anything.
i think it carries on for the foreseeable future. doesn't shit down or anything.
petty becomes available and then breakdown starts playing on paradise radio.  what are the odds.
loving the numbers but it's a shame that this chat will disappear when the ks campaign closes.
@jason ganz yes plz, floating point, gimmie dat
@3d what is the difference ? enlighten me
1 tom petty up for bids.
"wrecking ball" is being remastered for pono!  ;)
@3d - sweet!
@rich s. - you didn't try to plat bieber on it did you?
@jay hahn, cthulhu kills bieber http://www.funnyjunk.com/funny_gifs/1193089/cthulhu/
my 2nd generation ipod touch just died today - how appropriate. it's going to be a long wait until october, but i'll look at it as an upgrade!
@jason ganz - you would assume that those numbers will be achieved eventually, given advances in the last 10, 15 years.
humor is of utmost importance!
can a pono be programmed to automatically reject justin beiber tracks?
hahaha. good technical discussion. i feel so enlightened.
@jay hahn, i believe one does not have to believe
do you have to believe in magnetism for it to work?
is that not what gregory was wanting to be discussed here?
if we look at neil's demonstration of "water and air", and how mp3's are in a bathysphere, and 24/192 is "breathing".  there is, for a brief second "384k" visible, with a figure that resembles an angel.  does this mean that 24/384, or even 32/384 may be attainable in future ponos with the correct sound technology?
@joe, rare earth or electromagnetic?
technical discussion.....
@joe - and why?
magnets, how do they work?
i find the banter to be enlightening.  i have come across information i did not know, and have found out about artists i may never would have considered if it were not for reading the comments.
1 cs&n up
yeah. you're probably in the wrong place right now, @gregory. come back in in 14 hours.
this video is neil and my morning jacket singing harvest moon at last october's bridge school benefit show. https://www.youtube.com/watch…
i can't wait for this deadline to come so the comments can go back to informative talk about the pono rather than what le is available and what le people have. its getting tiresome.
i was listening to queen today and imagining freddie's voice on my pono. cannot wait. :-)
@robert mais, you are welcome & @jason ganz, thanks i am on the fence about getting the clear as my second unit. i too think it would be cool to see the internals and just in case it is not offered after ks but the $$$. more than a few hours and units left to decide.
come on 6.1m!  if we can get to 6.5m. that would be incredible!
@ 3d  thank you.
certificate of authenticity
@ 3d  what do you mean by ca?
there will be a letter from neil about it.  i don't care if it's limited or not though, i just like seeing technology guts.
@robert mais, perturb is one of my favorite words and yes we have cookies :). even if the clear is not limited, sold after ks, i thought it was stated that there will be a ca to differentiate.
wish they'd post a pic of the neil young  with crazy horse pono
@ jason i am rather anxious to see a different depiction of the clear than what is on the main page.
thanks.  i chose this over an ak100 mk2... if that's a reference. @robert.  i almost chose a black one, but i decided on clear because i want to see what the inside of clear pono looks like. @umberto.  thanks!
welcome to the clear side jason, although i understand on the dark side they give you cookies!
wtg jason!  welcome aboard...
i'm in!  my first pledge in a kickstarter.  a clear one!
that really perturbs me!
it won't be numbered.
why does the pono column state that the clear is #'d out of 500?
@michael the pono team stated that they have not made a decision if the clear will be available after kickstarter.
i don't think it is exclusive to kickstarter, michael.  they say the jury is out on where or not it will be available after or not.
it's not. it's not a le
i dont see anywhere that the pono clear was just for kickstarter only
there goes 1 of the csn
a mini-kiss le would be sweet!
sweet! thank-you
good luck umberto.
it's interesting to note that this page shows one cs&n up for bids, but the manager your pledge page shows 2.
@umberto - looking for a ny, but if i get a csn&y i'll swap you for the ny&ch
well, i have ny&ch and would trade for csn&y.
it is fascinating to spectate the le game, glad i am not playing. once i clicked on manage my pledge and saw a bunch of all gones had one or two available and was just like ho hum and then they were gone again.
i want a stray gators le.
i saw a few of them today. i think the two hardest to get are ny and then ny&ch
if i get a csn&y, another ny&ch will come up too.
@jamie if i swing a ny then a ny&ch will be up.
i'm getting carpal tunnel.
and gone, 2 csn now
csny available
@siltech - 1 went up, then went then another back up again i think. if i can snag a ny there will be another cs&n
how long is a while on this site, 5 minutes? lol
that one has been there awhile
csn available
yeah, i saw it, selected it, pressed the button to go to the next step and by the time the page loaded it came up as gone.
does anyone know how the mechanics of trading work?
look out for pono, look out for pono.   you'll own it!  you'll own it soon!
was brief, like a flicker and then it was gone again.
bummer.  keep trying, jamie.
i was refreshing like crazy, and didn't see it.
missed the ny by seconds.....
i think he's sleeping?
@richheart, long ago when i was first getting in to existentialism i once knew of some of his writings then life became busy. i have had some more time lately and should revisit, thanks. @jamie mcleod, i did not recognize his name but did his face instantly. been a while and i don't recall that song, thanks. @dennis lane & ditto @joe burroughs. i recently saw a video of a milwaukee '89 dead show i was at and only a couple times things seemed familiar. i see the pj 501 oddity has been remedied. @o'boogie, i singed up with the same handle at ponopeople just before the lengthy catchup read time here. awesome to come back to soooo many comments, only slight le stress, people getting what they wanted and no negativity :)
1 neil young has become available
1foo up
1 cs&n up
1 oct yellow up
groovy :)
csny. :-)
what you got o'boogie?
umberto, those have been coming up now and again. not super frequently, so you'll have to watch.
anyone trade a csn&y for ny&ch?
man! i got distracted by work and missed the ny!!
@carlos not yet i have two daughters, they both have the same love of music as i. oldest just got back from wanne music festival. not sure i'm ready to buy three.
@joe did you buy her one!
too bad i didn't have pono for all of my daughters travel softball; 6 years at 60,000+ miles per year. she and i listened to a lot of music together. i learned to like some of hers, she learned to like most of mine. miss her company. the music will always be the connection for us, now i can share a new era with her thanks to pono.
@jay how is my house doing!!!
so at work today at the ice machine,  when i got some ice, i thought of what neil said about mp3 and the likes of it feeling like ice...icetunes
@joe (to the tune of "i'll be home for christmas":         "i'll be deaf by christmas"
red moon tonight....a sad harvest moon.
@o'boogie - i think reloading 2 tabs every 7sec may have been slowing me down. i changed the settings to check the line for changes without actually reloading the page. maybe that will help.
@joe burroughs amen brother! my commute is about to get much sweeter as well!
some are gobsmacked, others amazed, while most are happy to be a part of pono.
@julian neilson cheers!
@joe burroughs what a way to go though!
@dennis lane  cheers!
do you have not have your volume turned up (obvious question)? that's weird. :-/
i just came to realize that after 34 years my 38 mile drive each way to work is about to become much more than bearable in october, of course i may go deaf by christmas.
@o'boogie - the audio didn't even go off, and i'm using a 7sec refresh!  @carlos - that's great! so who gets left out? do they screw over the string & horn section?
@julian neilson ...well done....enjoy.
well done, umberto. i released the ny&ch, switched to ny! i can finally get some sleep...happy days!
@jay that sounds like the start of a really good joke!  how many arcade fire musicians does it take to sign a pono player?
@jay, you'll get it soon. just pounce on it the second you hear bowie.
my backup plan will be to keep my arcade fire le. it will be fun to see just how many signatures they can cram on to it. @carlos - wonderful deduction!
@jay that is because he is a cat and your helmet is covering your eyes
you are quicker than i am umberto! congrats!!!
so when does the ks clock start counting minutes?  the last hour?  or does it?
thanks, o'boogie.  now i can stop being obsessed with this site!
long run tour in boston(eagles) was outstanding.
looks like a couple more pono dinners too!
well done, umberto! :-)
i switched to ny&ch.  very happy.  now i got it and pearl jam.  :)
neil young just came up! i didn't take it.
well, i just grabbed myself a cs&n, but what i really want is a csn&y or ny&ch.
from now till the end....a lot of shifting....and returning will occur. which is great for those able to grab them.
foo fighters up
@wade if only i had the funds to buy them and the quality equipment for playing them on back then.....hmmm wait a minute!!! thanks to pono it's not too late!!! look out '70s i'm back!
16 and counting.
neil singing harvest moon at jones beach theater,ny while a full moon rose behind the outdoor stage.
war child concert.
@gary craig ionce stood on second base of yankee stadium as security for styx and elton john...lotta fun.
csn up
@dennis had to come back to pc, favourite concert......reading festival 1983. last thin lizzy concert on british soil, first date of first uk tour for stevie ray vaughan. rest of the lieup was great too. except black sabbath disaster.
17 and counting.
@joe burroughs the list of albums from '77 was about as impressive as it gets...wow
would have been cool if they had a le for the band.
@lisa: goodnight!
ok, i'm done! early black & yellow, & of course, csny. tress poniis! this has been so much fun, & it is only the beginning! nite! see you guys on the other side of this wonderful project! go pono :-)
@jay: you'll get one! just hang on!
i'm only drooling a little bit.  ;)
o'boogie's recommendation
oh!
check 4 change. :-)
@jay c4c ?  i don't understand.
i have c4c set for bot csny and neil w/ ch
i think i am 343 or 4 on nych  that is what i was shooting for, but with all the sorting up, who knows!
ah! you're sorted then. :-)
if i were @gary i would buy up a few clears near the last hr and sell them at the holidays claiming the fact that he thought of it!  and then because i would do that and make some money back, i would buy a few more le's!
@o'boogie have number1 on crazy horse le, not letting that go. so will have 2 ponos, (ponii).
@gary, night! also, get two. clear and le. :-)
@ carlos yeah, i made that mistake with my idea of betamax :)
@gary you don't want to walk down the street talking to your friends saying, you see that guy over there with that clear device and the crowd of people hanging all over him.  i thought of that!  yeah right, why don't you have one?
its 1am here, i get a reprieve and will go to sleep, decide tomorrow before work. night guys....roll the 47 neil le's that i will now miss.
one song loaded first off will be down by the river.. thanks to neil and that song it got me through a divorce in '08 must've played it a thousand times. nothing like music to take you away..........
i'm going to let a csn go right now!
that's right @gary you did think of it!  you owe it to yourself to keep your le....for your wife of coarse, and your idea (the clear) for you!!!
@gary - you had a great idea thinking up the clear!
@gary, i forgot that! damn. difficult decision.
@gary, they will be available later on ebay for 2, 3 4 times the price, lol.
@o'boogie hmmm, but the clear was my idea so maybe i will kick myself? @ carlos wont get 6, i have a wife who has kitchen knives....
is there any truth to statements made about the chrome le's not sounding as good as the black/yellows? not sure how this could be possible!
@neilyoungponofan: no, but i'd love to. i've seen willie at jcmf, but i'd love to see him at farm aid. and neil, of course!
rolling stones at wembley...blue oyster cult with jay giles at commack arena....many more.
@garycraig sleep on it!  it will come to you :) ....and then you will buy 6!
@o'boogie civil wars always sell out here. my brother in law put me on to them. joy of him living in london....250 gigs a year.
@gary, they may be available later. the les won't be. i'd keep the csny. :-)
@ o'boogie, ever been to farm aid?
@neilyoungponofan  this is true!
i've been to all three johnny cash music fests. i've seen rosanne cash, george jones, kris kristofferson, civil wars, vince gill, and many others at those, and i get to see loretta lynn at the 4th annual this year. cannot wait!
am pretty sure i am gonna drop a csny for a clear, but will the clear be cheaper here when (?) they go on sale later? am thinking shipping to uk and all other govn charges. been thinking of this foe around 4 days, need to make decision...stress....stress...
get the black one, put 2 tiny chrome rectangles and a tiny chrome pick guard on front. with a white strip cross the bottom.
anyone here been to the gorge?  beautiful venue.
@carlos you can do magic with a magic marker.
@gary, amazing. wow. seriously. great gigs, all.
or get a black one and etch little black pone
@ oboogie that gig also had the late great gary moore and for some strange reason level 42. another great was amsterdam for beth hart and joe bonamassa, coz we r in the bluray :)
i really am thinking about having old black laser etched into a clear one!  or do it myself.  i do have a friend that is a model maker!
the "road" one the priority for me, unless i can pick up a ny le today.
@dennis ..and in my punk phase, johnny thunders, who was so out of it, his own fans beat him up, ( or threw a good few punches). it was a glasgow audience.....
i looked at fiio x3 & x5, and astell & kern & lots of iem's. i landed on pono b/c i want a player that is user friendly! not all of us have the expertise to rip cd's and download music in flac 192/24! this is a learning experience. one thing i know is how i love music! thank you @creator and @neil young, for pono.
@gary: i love queen and freddie!  and marillion (with fish) and his solo work! what a gig that must have been. whoa.
@dennis lane, neil @the gorge, quincy, wa, '96
seriously though eagles and fleetwood mac in concert back then were amazing.
@carlos, that would be cool. @dennis, too many to list. but i saw rosanne cash last month, and it was amazing. kris kristofferson last november ... lyle lovett and john hiatt a couple years back ...
@dennis  queen at cologne last tour. if only cause freddy sang with fish from marillion and we got to know fish later. also jethro tull, led zeppelin, bb king, ramones, hanoi rocks....list goes on. all great concerts.
bbl....dogs on the bbq.
@joe burroughs.....i hear ya!
@dl the ones i don't remember!! lol
i still think the entire neil young set ny, bsny, csny, nych, would be cool!  maybe there is a way to hook em all up together!
what was the best concert you have been too?
while i'm getting old....music is finally getting better....thanks pono.
i grew up on transistor radio and screens to cover the tv to make it appear like it was in color, worked best on bonanza, now i'm getting back to where music should be....pono.
@lisa, that was actually me. i accidentally posted on my mom's account. i don't need two. i'll get a second gen pono in addition to my le. ;-)
top 100 songs of 1976 http://www.musicoutfitters.com/topsongs/1976.htm
earlier today i saw 2 csn&y le
@wanda just get it! like @jamie one for home, one for the road! nows your chance!
@peter thanks! i will give it a try, will be a nice way to at least have backups of my collection.
congrats pono music team. i have made two backings and am looking forward to my two signature series players  - arcade fire and patti smith. but more importantly, can't wait to rebuild my music collection with music that pierces the soul again. good luck to the team as you focus on running the business too. it takes a ton of hard work to take great products and turn them into a sustainable business. i am excited about the music but just as excited at seeing a new artistic company be born. all the best.
@creator carlos this is one of my concerns, ripping blu-rays, since i own psychedelic pill, americana, a treasure, le noise and archives i all in blu-ray. it would feel a bit strange to re-buy this material for pono. it would feel better if neil offers his entire catalog at a great price. then i'd buy the whole thing again.
joe you can try dvd audio extractor for one month for free. it's semi – intuitive, but works perfectly once you get the hang of it. it can even download the metadata to identify the songs
@creator if ripping blue-ray is challenging....whats the odds of hd? not that it matters.
for ripping dvd-a, i strongly recommend dvd audio extractor. works great with mac. well worth it. haven't tried to rip my neil young archives blu-rays yet. it depends on how much it will cost in the store
so what's needed to rip dvd-a? i've got a macbook pro
@carlos ripping blu-ray is challenging unfortunately.  we're looking into alternatives.
i've pledged for pono clear. but, y'know... for an additional $125 (that's including vat), i'm getting a clear colour plastic casing, a leather case, and a pre-loaded "curated selection" of songs ... which, unfortunately, i really can't be sure of to what degree it is compatible with my own musical preferences (if the selection of artists in the signature series is any indication, i very much fear the answer is going to be "not enormously"). and that's it.  it's not a limited or serialised or exclusive edition in any particular way, it's still only delivered in december, not even in october like many of the signature series.  i haven't even seen a picture of what the thing actually looks like! so, is a different colour option of unknown appearance, a likewise unseen case, and some pre-loaded content of uncertain value to me — with no other perks or bonuses that i know i would value — worth paying over $100 for, for me...? nnnnngaahhh... sooo ... sorry fellas, but i think that unless something radical turns up these next 17 hrs or so, i'll have to be downgrading my pledge tier to plain ol' black.
alice"s restaurant!
@andrew paleias  let me revise my previous answer.  yes you can rip dvd-a.  sacd requires a special drive.  not so easily ripped.
anyone up for arlo guthrie for pono?
neil made this all possible....i raise my glass to him!
@jamie mcleod  not a great flight than? i got it when someone bailed, have no idea what number in the series, but don't care.
that should have been "by" of course.
nice one dennis!  i was at 30000ft when it opened, and buy the time i had landed all the ny le were gone.
with pono the world of music is our oyster.
wanted a ny originally but jumped in early for csny. loved the picture when it went up and have followed the comments with interest. while i want most of the same classic albums as many of you i also want to hear some newer material through pono. something like little coloured balloons by john murry could be spine tingling.
whoops. posted under my mom's account. sorry.
i most likely will end up with a 5 of 500 on my nych le, but due to some people trading for something else, who knows maybe a lower in the series.
@lisa, no way! i meant in addition to. ;-)
@o'boogie would you rather have a yellow than csny?
after all the smoke clears i got a ny le and a nych....not changing a thing.
ny is tough to get, but i'd get that over pj. and i like pj. i hope pono people picks up. i'm registered and posting over there.
i've got a black that i pledged on day 1, and a cs&n that i picked up just now.  will most likely only keep one of these at this stage.  if i can get my hands on a ny le i'll trade up. @o'boogie - finally got firefox installed and check4change running last night.
@joe burroughs funny but i have most of those on vinyl....i graduated hs in 76.
@smellthehorse omg omg i love you!!! i got your csny! it took me this long to get check4change set up again! looking for ny now, or should i get pj? i wanted to keep early yellow too & husband wants early black! two sets of shure se535's and about 15 albums for me from hd tracks! pono, where are you? how am i going to choose only two before bedtime? i'm going to miss reading these comments! let's go over to ponopeople when ks is over, it is already set up! ny or pj anyone ?!!!...:* ps that was my csn! it's a beautiful day by it's a beautiful day !
http://ponopeople.org/viewtopic.php…   come talk shop with us.
i'd love to have a yellow. one of these days. meanwhile, i'll be enjoying my csny.
i thought the main pono site was going to have a discussion board??? again maybe not
seeing the post earlier about the cover of songbird reminded me about something i noticed a few years ago about the number of classic rock albums released in 1977. it just happened to be the year i graduated from hs and i might just be biased but i would welcome a comparison year that was this awesome. only bringing this up because i enjoyed last night conversation about which albums everyone's loading first. see link; http://rateyourmusic.com/list/oldno1/top_50_albums_of_1977/
thanks jamie, that's what i have just done.  went the clear
@tmh - not obsessive at all. le for home use, clear or black/yellow for the road.
correction: may real music be with you where ever you may go.
may real music be with you.
18 and counting.
its been tough waking up to and sleeping with you people over the course of this, but now it all feels like family.
i look forward to hearing what everyone thinks of their ponos when they arrive in a few months. sharing music and ideas is always a good thing.
guys and gals, this has been a blast. especially when people shared what music they look forward to. next step will be to rip all my other dvd-a's to alac and see what the store will bring us.
a fb group might get more action just because people are on there anyway. just an idea.
already ripped two days worth of cd's in anticipation.....much more to go.
fair call
@jamie, i think so, but it's a bit dead over there ...
@o'boogie call it pono after-hours.
@o'boogie - wasn't that what they started ponopeople for?
@o'boogie where would pono be if no one used them because of their collect_ability?
i dropped the ff and picked up the csn
it's been fun, dennis. i just wish i'd stopped by sooner. we should start a fb group and keep in touch! :-)
yea i dropped my csny. i think someone "upgraded" to it and dropped csn
last post was to @tmh.
i know that there is still 19 hours left, but would like to say it was a pleasure, even if things got rough at times.
a clear is fun, but i think i'd get another le if i were you. but then you wouldn't take it out either! ;-)
"see"
didn't a csn&y come up, but there was a cs&n.
is it obsessive to get two?   i have a tom petty le, but i wont ever want to take it anywhere so what else should i get?  a clear?
ff le available
gone.
@lisa gonna drop my csny in 2 minutes
@rich do you have csny?
night!
csn-y v clear jackson browne, elton john, eagles,  oh well i will sleep on it. i'll make a second pledge so that i am holding a clear (just in case they sell out overnight) night, night :)
getting ready to drop a csny in 5 min
@andreas callendal  we will do our best to deliver all players asap.  the december timeframe is to give ourselves a little breathing room just in case.
the way i see it, i better get the ones i think i want now and sort it out in oct - dec.  that is easier than wanting them then and not having them to sort thru
@richheart i have  ny&ch le. and i'm going to add a pono clear. i think the clear is cool.
@creator at the time of payment will le pledges be told what series number they have?
can you rip bluray to pono?  neil young journey!
well, so do i. but i can't get 10. so get two and pick the two you really, really want.
@richheart i feel you man, i am going thru the same thing, but i think i am going to bite the bullet/shift funds!  and if i have to down the road, i will sell them.
@andrew paleias yes you can rip dvd-a and sacd to flac.
i want about 10
keep your csny if you want it! is there something else you want, too? keep two! :-)
@o'boogie so... csn-y? or switch to what?
ff le to swap
well done rich, all the players are pretty special even poor old kenny's le will be something with only 5 around.
now is the time. get the ones you want because the les won't be available again. that's why my mom is getting her willie nelson le.
oh dear, i landed a csn-y le.  i want a clear, i want something special, i want an le.... but i want the clear.... decisions no, i am not taking 2 (i was toying with the option of taking 3) but no
guess that's why people have kids!
o'boogie, yep, and probably referencing an obscure .pdf about it being mathematically possible.
worshipping* wish we could edit!
@brian hahaha! yes! and then you'd accuse of us of being sheep and worshiping neil young. *eye roll*
o'boogie, that's fun too! if i was a troll i would be asking if pono could erase my music memory!
@brian, yes! i would love to hear them all over again as a new listener. instead i just have to suggest records to others and watch them listen for the first time. :-)
@brian milligan yes! i know what you mean.
being a music nerd is great fun.  wouldn't it be great to be able to erase all memories of your favourite albums and hear them again afresh?
gordon lightfoot - if you could read my mind straight on my pono in october.
i believe you can get eva cassidy in super res from acoustic sounds. it is probably in a higher format then the pono can handle i was using it with my geek out 1,000 through my pc and it sounds awesome
eva cassidy's cover is beautiful, though i usually go for the original versions over covers.
songbird by eva cassidy xo :) https://www.youtube.com/watch…
1 foo up
any ideas for clear headphones? lol
ok... 20 hours to go... go pono go :)
songbird
@o'boogie the tim minchin song reminds me of my reaction to the emperor's new clothes, when i first heard it at age 8. i thought: "ffs (no i didn't know the f word yet), why can't they all see that religion is all about fobbing the grand illusion."  i went to a religious school, was atheist from the first time a teacher taught me a prayer about 'king of the universe'. i was: "really?  we kids (3 y/olds) know that batman and superman are made up.  so what are you grown-ups on?"
i hope that i can hear eva cassidy (a real angels voice) in hi res on pono…that would bring it all full circle for me :)  listen to this and you will know where i am coming from.   https://www.youtube.com/watch…
i'd like to know neil's headphone/earbud recommendations.
1 black oct pono up
1 cs&n up
@richheart well said.
yellow oct avail
@wanda &@tech-savvy-daughter my life song too. john lennon's death took my innocence, then i realised, his body is dead  but the truth he put forward, is still there for the taking
i love that song by tim minchin. it made me cry the first time i heard it.
@3d - here's an atheist christmas song for you from comedian tim minchin http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@lior @everyone happy holiday, everyday. "love, love, love's a holiday. now it don't seem strange that the more i change the more the feelin' inspires understanding's what the man protects love's what his poor soul desires i've been lovin' everything in sight now this time i know the feelin' was right cause i know that everyday can be a holiday"  the outlaws - holiday
@o'boogie.  agreed.
hard to believe this kickstarter will be coming to an end in 20 hours..
@mom/wanda, it's such a beautiful song. no one else should sing it. ever. :-) xxx
@richheart i plan on keeping my clear as it sort of reminds me of a tube amp.
for those who still have a december plain ponos: several october versions are up for grabs at the moment
@richheart yes, you are right.
@robert  elton john's flying too. they are the only english l.e. these could become so collectible. i just don't think i would ever sell whatever pono i get, so it is more about what i would like to have around. clear or elton john, jackson browne, eagles, csn-y, csn, buffalo springfield... oh, my head hurts from the choice..  i'll keep clear
@robert mais - you sure that wasn't 282 to 302. they passed 222 two days ago.
@richheart in the last hour the clear's went from 182 to 302.
i'm from rishon, happy holiday man :)
@3d i'll play nice. go and read some john fowles (my favourite existentialist)
@lior  haifa, on the mountain. san francisco of the m.e.
i am off to see the wizard, which is only a euphemism for heading out. the last time i was away, sleep, i returned to a wee bit of negativity. hopefully everyone can play nice and see y'all later on the pono playground. viva la pono
cs&n up...
@tijn i know, my ff is merrily flickering in the background  but if a ny/csn+y/earlybird came up, would i really want to swap it for my clear? no clear answer :) elton john has rocketed, man passed 100
*you :)
richheart from where are in israel?
@richheart john lennon's imagine is one of mine and o'boogie's absolutely favorite songs.  i can think of very little that sets o'boogie off like someone singing it badly.  it is my life song.
@o'boogie  no snow here to rub in *grin
@o'boogie, you mean that was not the first day of winter but spring that recently occurred? but i am growing back my winter beard, lol.
@richheart, wise words, but a few hours of hope won't hurt. :-)
@richheart: don't rub it in. ;-)
a balmy evening, walked the dog in shirt-sleeves. 11:30 here in israel
@patrick email sent!
@3d: it's very cold here today, too. it's supposed to be spring, yo.
@o'boogie, ok will do but i have a bunch of "amazon cash" so unless it is really a bargain. i do like b&w and not a bad price for something of theirs.
@o'boogie and @everyone there are so many great l.e. still up for grabs, plus the clears. if you get the one you love on check4change cool, but if you can't get the one you crave, "love the one you're with." :)
not a clear day for me. it is effing snowing in my part of chicagoland and it was 80 f 2 days ago, which also is not right for this time of year. oi!
@3d, check ebay, too. you can often get a bargain! the sound is astoundingly good. :-) @tijn, i really hope you get one!
bowers & wilkins c5b in-ear headphones $179 at amazon that i am eye balling for a better set of buds, thanks @o'boogie
the clears have become very popular :) must be a clear day
@o'boogie, bowie sung on my imac, but alas... i couldn't grab it. :-(
aye @o'boggie, i tried to avoid trollness mentioning in my cme, other than the tidbit about only willing to "risk" $200.
@benjamin, i like the bowers & wilkins c5s for earbuds. you can find them for less than $200 (often available on ebay). @tijn, one popped up earlier. i contemplated it for a second, then it was gone!
i was 11 when i heard: "imagine there's no countries it isn't hard to do, nothing to kill or die for and no religion too."  43 years ago, it sounded so right, so logical....  people i lobbied said it was naive. rather a world without war and naive and at peace, than the senseless killing of each others' loved ones in the name of a god nobody can get to come forward and take responsibility for this sorry mess.
... and hope for a few more ny-le's to pop up in the next couple if hours!
i like the sennheiser hd650s for my over ear experience they are great. i use this now with my geek out and hopefully soon my geek wave. for in ear i haven't really gotten a pair i liked so i stopped using in ear. any suggestions? preferably not over 200 bucks (that is all i am willing to spend on in ear)
hahahaha @richheart, thanks
@tijn, agreed. i'm going to ignore any future trolls—because they will undoubtably turn up in the next 21 hours. they always do. ;-)
there should be no duty charged when importing into canada, if i read this correctly. maybe a lawyer could clarify this for pono shipping department. http://www.cbsa-asfc.gc.ca/publications/cn-ad/cn13-015-eng.html
@o'boogie, only the odd spec-craving analyst pissed me off. you were one of the highlights who prevented me from posting some anti-troll remarks. let's ride out the final ks-hours in neil's good spirit.
@3d what an amazingly appropriate handle for a religion-strayed/atheist/existential agnostic omfg :)
@o'boogie, @richheart and many others, hear, hear
i will take the holoday :) but personally stray from the religious, to each their own. steve martin - atheists don't have no songs  http://www.youtube.com/watch… although i'd say i am more of an existential agnostic :p
@o'boogie that makes a family of us on here
@richheart thanks! i'm just a music nerd who loves to talk about tunes with like-minded people.
@o'boogie we luv ya
@tijn: aw, thanks!  i'm just having a bit of fun between bits of work. i enjoy the pono family a lot. so many nice, intelligent, and music-loving people here. what's not to love?
@siltec i'm here, it's taken me ages to read the backlog, and then i asked my mummy what a t__t is? the honourable dl was bandying it about (as it were).  well it took me a good two hours to get rid of the carbolic soap taste, together with 2 zinfandels and a primitivo :) yeah passover seder was cool with the family.  glad that someone relieved the dl-t guy of his pono.. what a shitty conversation (oof!) so o'boogie's been the star here for the last few days. good for you and your cool tech-savvy-enough parent :) enjoy the final 21 hours everyone, a pono evening to all :)
@solrac & o'boogie you make up the cherry on the pono-family-cake. pure joy to read your posts!
pj is already back to 500.  very weird.
i wonder if it will be engraved x / 501 or x / 500 if pj stays at 501 backers
due to the large windfall of cash last night the pono team has decided that today is an extended religious pono holoday!
hahaha @o'boogie #nerd :) you may not have been alone as some have the hit then under and then over again timestamps.
@solrac, yes. it was funny that it happened twice, and i got screenshots of both. i am a bit tired today, but i'm a'ight. it was worth it. :-)
@erast i know right!  i was going to change it last night but got caught up in the party!
o'boogie cool!  it was funny i was punch drunk and trigger happy, lol and you were just about to call it a night and then the freakin bottom fell out!  twice, lol.
@ solrac where's carlos? it's monday!
@solrac, it was reallly fun! loved it. glad i got to see it tick over to $6 million. i even took a screen shot. #nerd
i meant @o'boogie
although rick may have figured it out. who's rick?
@o'booie that was a hoot last night :)
come on 50k!
or rather risk.
well....it looks as though kickstarter has an anomaly ....but i don't think anyone wants to rick figuring it out.
don't forget that the vip dinner & listening party pledge gets a le too.
@solrac, you've got a point. these are good people. :-)
could a foo expert hopefully comment on the foo fighters le https://mobile.twitter.com/pono/status/449997801162678272 i'm defiantly no expert, and am probably very very wrong, but there only appears to be 4 signatures.  grohl is on the right, nate mendel appears to be just left of grohl under pat smear? but nate mendel could also be far left...  i can't really tell if any are taylor hawkins or chris shiflett.  any help is appreciated!
pono won't screw someone on the 501 pearl jam.  they will honor it…if it stays up till the end.
and gone.
metallica is up
501? someone is going to get screwed. oh, dear. :-/
@bruce: wow indeed pj says 501 backers. wonder how that happened.
@bruce tennant you're right... uh oh?
i like sennheiser momentums for over-the-ear headphones and bowers & wilkins c5s for earbuds. check them out before your pono arrives. great sound from both.
any pair of headphones they could just 'toss in' at this price, would not really be the kind of headphones to ideally listen to hires music to. and it's too personal a choice to add one that drives up the price. i think its the best to include none at all instead of waste money on a lousy pair that most people will never use (i have a drawer full of 'came-with' crappy earbuds)
pearl jam has 501 backers? uh oh...
from @creator,  “@heikki ponoplayer doesn't come with headphones. we're not doing stretch goals. we're only focused on our main goal of delivery the players and the store by october. thanks for your support. apr 12 2014 on pono music - where your soul rediscovers music.
@david rieken - no headphones or earbuds.
@david rieken it's not and it keeps the price down.
"that's right, it filets, it chops, it dices, slices, never stops, lasts a lifetime, mows your lawn and it mows your lawn and it picks up the kids from school it gets rid of unwanted facial hair, it gets rid of embarrassing age spots, it delivers a pizza, and it lengthens, and it strengthens and it finds that slipper that's been at large under the chaise lounge for several weeks and it plays a mean rhythm master, it makes excuses for unwanted lipstick on your collar and it's only a dollar, step right up, it's only a dollar, step right up" ---tom waits "step right up"
does anyone know if the pono player is going to come with headphones?  i haven't really been able to find a definitive answer to this question.  maybe it's right in front of my face but i haven't seen it.
@rick gregory, i am using firefox with check spelling which helps some but i hear ya.
@rick gregory lol
typo before,...,  geez i wish this comment/blog had a proper "editor" -you'd think with this kinda money kickstarter could afford one. ?
@joe hwo's high ? - read between the xmas lines : "delivery date: dec/2014" sigh.
@rick gregory what ? ... man are you high ?
... just waitin for my ponoplayer to come in. but i know. "i mighta as well wait 'till christmas" :)
lol,, if you call 24/48hx max on my ipod high-def? then ya, it's still hangin in there.
@rick gregory not if you only play high def ;)
hahahaha @rick gregory
@ponomusic well, i just hope the battery life of these things last as long as my 6-year old ipod classic 160 -still has. ?
as with most tech the prices come down with time as well as you get more, e.g. a 128 gb card costs the same as a 64gig did. the storage size and cost has been changing fairly fast the last few years. i remember my first only 2x cd burner costing me $400. @rick gregory, not dirted or talkin' to anyone in particualr with the simpsons line, just a general silly comment about what has been stated with less can be more in regards to a "swiss army knife type of a device."
hey smellthehorse. give me an email about the switch you are looking for ppagur@gmail.com
@3d "teleport" -"you talkin' to me" -robert deniro -taxi.
someone switched or canceled a pledge because a ny appeared briefly!
@3d "teleport"  -you talkin' to me ?
ohh it only teleports matter you say? --homer j. simpson
@treatise sure, have you found any lately? -i think not, these (portable)dap's are all on the micro-sd bandwagon, and for all the same same reasons.  so no, i haven't found any to suite my needs, thus far.
portugal the man will be on live from studio x, wxrt, recorded at kingston mines, tomorrow at 9pm cdt 4/15.
@rick there are several daps out there which have massive storage (potential), high-def audio, and are very portable.
i see the csny artwork on twitter but not the nych one.
@3d, @siltech bingo,   you can have masive storage and hq-audio,  or, you can have protability/compactness and hq-audio,  now pick only "one" device.  i picked the smaller ponoplayer and will now pray micro-sd prices go down.
@3d  i here you
@creator were you able to get the artwork posted on twitter & fb for the csny & nych le's?  if not can you say if they are going to be a band logo like the zztop & the dead or will they both have inscribed signatures of the band members?
@siltech, ahhh yess sometimes new and improved is not actually improved just new. tom waits - step right up http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@creator  the one thing that i see on this post that a whole lot of folks are concerned with is the idea of a non changeable battery…and having to send it in for replacement.  maybe pono can do something like gibson's minetune or some type of chargeable pop-out battery that can be upgraded or replaced.  my point is, that the voice of the customer is really loud on this issue, and it…imo, is imperative to take serious and see about making a change for the better.  and if not, then there should at the very least at some point be an explanation to help us understand why not.  long live pono!
bingo
@siltech, true. when i don't move my parts they don't make noise :) yes there are ultra quiet hdds but not totally noiseless. plus size, weight, power, potential interference, etc... have i mentioned trade offs??? also my current player only officially supports 8gig micro sd, 16 can work if they are quality but still it sometimes thinks tis blank, so for me it will be an additional improvement.
respect?
@siltech yup, i know 2 other people with a ipod classic and theirs do the same. he must be lucky :d
slitech ...you mean except for your "noisy moving mouth" right now ? :)
@rick the only noiseless 160g hd on ipod classic, and you have it.  wow
pono has no moving parts, therefore no added noises.
solution, no moving parts=no noise.
@joe, wow, your ipod is bad then. when "playing" songd, multiple, i get none of that...on mine.
remember that the usb port on pono are usb2 - it's then faster to put data on the external sdxc sd card with supports for usb3 transfer rate. external memory are also more flexible.
i said the hd itself is noisy. why, because it spins. you can feel and hear it spin, in your palm.
@rick gregory i own this exact same ipod and it's makes a noise every time you select a menu or start a song or wake it up from sleep, at first i went to replace it but they told me every ipod classic were this way. it also makes a little noise when playing if you have good ears. pono will fix this.
@joe, @ slitech.  i would not exactly call the apple ipod classic 160gig "noisy". would you? specs wise its old in the tooth 'fer sure.  but, it's just prices for these micro-sdxc, and greater cards are so freekin' insane, atleast for the "average" joe, like me.
i have i and ll, and sonically l sound better. every single one.
@siltech you got it.
ssdrives are to big too.
@siltech, it would be nice to compare the same recording on an ultradisc i & ii
ok i am caught up, a slew were "liew". a ssd could be a way to go instead of a hdd, less power drain as @joe stated with no physical spinning platter. less potential interference with the drive motor. but as far as i know current ssds have a finite write to life. i think the average life expectancy with a computer is about 5 years, ssd tech is still fairly new to me. i would rather carry a small case with loads of music on micro sd cards than a large case with far less music on cds. like most things i think it comes down to "best" trade offs. i am still waiting for the 1 cm cube that is like artificial brain memory that can hold exabytes of data that i was promised 20 years ago :p
now that we have the player, we just need the high quality headphones! http://www.technologyreview.com/view/512496/first-graphene-audio-speaker-easily-outperforms-traditional-designs/
hd drives are nothing but noise.  sd drives and micro sd, noiseless, and no moving parts. nice
@siltech there you go.
@slitech says who ?, depends on the quality of design. and no ther are not noisless, with memory/flash you can still get get capacitive memory spiking/ringing/leaks,..., and they are sloooooow.
no hd please! transfer speed is irrelevant unless you are suggesting the sd cards are not fast enough to support the files pono is designed to handle.
hard drives are noisy. sd cards, noiseless.
@joe  there's nothing wrong with micro-hd discs. my 6 yearold ipod claasic is full, an in a second i can "spin"-dial to my album-> song. yes, it's only it 24/48khz alac files but they sound great. -and "spinning discs" are cheaper than a box of cereal, and a 5400rpm drive slaughters your fastest microsd hands down, on transfer speed,...  people will unfortunately have to cough up another  few hunderd dollars more to the cost of their ponoplayer, for extra storage, and of course, make sure the budgie doesn't mistake your (expe$ive) microsd chips for bird-food. :)
@rick gregory man, i'm just really confused by our conversation, nevermind.
@rick gregory what i meant to say is that they are not spinning discs...
@rick those are some insane pricing for memory. i contribute to the pono and the geek wave in the hope that the internal storage space is bigger (at least 128gigs which i believe is the geek wave)
@joe,  yes, ssd's would a been a cheaper/better alternative, 'fer sure. we'll see if the prices go down, for these microsd's, by next year.  'till then, nothing beats micro-hd technology for sheer massive storage, and transfer speed....
@rick gregory prices have dropped a lot on ssd...
@phalanger,  i agree completely, considering you'll need a really fast sdxc, at the minmimu, unless you like waiting 10 minutes for it to serach to the song..., and a 256g'er is a whooping +600 bucks ?! -those are absolutely insane theiving prices.. once again, memory and oil prices walk arm-in-arm :(
i didn't find this so maybe you can put this to the faq will you be able to buy music at the pono store if you are not living in the us, canada or uk? i don't want to wait until the german store opens to get some high quality music!
i have the earlier l, and some ll, but i think the first sound better. other people think the same way. i here what your saying, they say improved? anyway, there both very good. the l and ll look the same to me. gold and black on orher side, and says ultradisc or ultradisc ll
i wish there was more than 1 habitable planet that people could live on. pono, are you listening???11!!! we're not shepp!
use a* (i hate typos.)
@phalanger that kind of change won't happen at this stage. but you know that. just use higher-capacity card. :-)
i wish there could be more than 1 sd slot and/or more internal storage. i know it's not in the specs we pledged for so i can't expect @creator to listen to it, but i do think it would be a good thing aswell for the competitiveness of the ponoplayer compared to other hd-capable daps like fiio and ibasso, come december. maybe something to consider just incase theres money left to spare when the component selection math is done :d
"as a natural outgrowth of ongoing research, in september of 1992 the company launched ultradisc ii™, a new and improved ultradisc™ formulation which boasts an advanced bonding process as well as a thicker gold coating." i am the opposite with most of mine being ii.
@marilyn gibson a mutual friend of mine and his says late second quarter of this year. i was hoping for may though.
most of mine are l not ii
@terence fitzgerald have you been able to find any sign of this album? i've been searching on third man and neil's site.....nothing.
there was alot of them made on i and ll, for same disc. if you google, you can find it. i was looking at the site this morning.
@siltech, ahh ok the company was started in the 70's but no cd's til '84
did you get it, deborah?  that's what i have. i'm beyond thrilled. :-)
sweet! csn&y.
@siltech, i am still catching up this "morning". the ones i have checked are the ultradisc ii and they only have recording and/or original release dates. count basie "april in paris" 1955 & 1956 but from their site, "1984 omr comes to cd as a result of a time-intensive process which incorporates advanced mastering techniques and custom-designed equipment, the original master recording™ compact disc -- the first limited edition, audiophile quality cd -- is introduced by mobile fidelity with the release of sonny rollins' way out west." http://www.mofi.com/articles.asp…
1 csn&y up
@benjamin cooper: thanks! so let's hope for the best, for quality (and sustainability) throughout the whole product.
@rick gagnon ok, thanks. i guess that gives me an incentive to get an oct delivery one as well as my ny&ch player... ;-)
can't wait to hear this record on pono...... http://consequenceofsound.net/2014/03/neil-young-confirms-new-album-was-recorded-in-jack-whites-1947-voice-o-graph-booth/
@joe,  depending on how it's designed well yes, but there's a whole world os dedicated soundcard/dac"s that disagree with you, ie. "asus xonar essence one",..., http://lifehacker.com/five-best-digital-to-analog-converters-dacs-483393503 but ya, for portabilty/mobilty, the hd would simply be bigger.
@ judith müller i would hope that the pono will have easy access to the internals. from the geek wave it is clear that access is available to all the devices.
cool new picture
@rick gregory solid state is better for sound quality http://www.audioquest.com/pdfs/computer-audio-demystified-whitepaper-en-r2.pdf p. 24 also look at the last @creator post " wesley lindsey, pono will support microsd cards that are 128gb and even larger as long as they are compliant with sdxc standards. and of course we work with lower capacity cards following the sdhc standard. "
@ marilyn gibson i believe neil young has held his files for download until the ponomusic store is open. hd tracks have nothing listed for him except a couple of albums where he is a guest artist. you could buy cds and rip them to 16/44.1 flac yourself. if you want hi res then you'll need to wait till october (unless you get some blu-rays but you probably wouldn't be able to rip those without more expense and difficulty).
@creator: what about giving the pono player exchangable batteries instead of sealing them unaccessible inside? i guess a pono player doesn't need weak batteries to rise sales figures... ;-)
how 'bout a "big-ponoplayer" -later on down the road ? although microsd's are ok, they're expensive, cumbersome, in the sense of losing them somewhere,... my ipod classic (which i bought in '08), with it's 160g-hd, is now 6 years old, and still worls like a champ.  honestly, (these days), ponoplayer, could easily incorporate a  500gig->1000g-compact-hd, cheaply. it would definitely be "faster", cheaper, more easily transferrable, and bigger than micro-sd cards.  granted, the "bigger" part isn't good, but, at the same time, might as well make the "screen" a bit wider too,, incorporate (artwork)"coverflow",... ?   call it the "big-ponoplayer"  ;), as opposed to being as portable/mobile as the present ponoplayer, this one would be more for a permanent audio source/storage solution for your home-hi-fi. maybe that'll be next-years' kickstarter -lol. but i know -they can't build one for everybody. but yes, bigger, with more storage, is way better.
cool boogie man. i did not no that.
@siltech, i know, but there is no neil young available there. :-)
hd tracks are legal. you have to buy them.
the word legitimate is the issue here. there are places you can get them, but they are not legal, marilyn.
try hd tracks
@richheart you've been quite today?
good answer siltech family....but how about now?
at the pono music site, when it opens
so....where is a legitimate place to get ny flac downloads?
have the pono players signed, upon delivery.
@creator - a very important request whatever method you choose to ship everyone's rewards, it is critical that the rewards, be they posters or ponos are not drop shipped. please make sure that the shipper delivers them to a person, especially the le ponos as they are irreplaceable.
1 csn&y up
andreas callendal - i already asked creator about that. everything that's slated for december will not be shipped earlier regardless of october pono sales.
@ponomusic, @neilyoung, @beatles, @paulmccartney, @ringostarr  beatles, beatles, beatles, ..."studio masters" at 24/192 please !  and then get all the rest of their individual "studio masters", after the beatles, when they were just john, paul, george, and ringo.   !!! :)
@terence great interview. 'big blocks of ugliness' brilliant!
@creator do you see a possibility that some of the earlier dec delivery pledges, like the ny&ch one could be shipped before december?
great interview with neil and esquire: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
i think this suits the board…sometimes!  namaste :)  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
happy lunch pono people :)
some people say the original  ultradisc, not ultradisc ll , sound the best. i have both, and also think the ultradisc sound best.
apparently we aren't going to get a sneak at the crazy horse pono. got an email from pono earlier.....  :(
still lookin to switch my pearl jam for someone's neil young (solo). i also have a csny. anyone wanna work a swap??
$10,000 more dollars in the last 2.5 hours. that's brilliant!
they are now making hybrid sacd/cd ultradiscs, or at least they were a few years ago.  i picked up marshall crenshaw's self titled disc and the pixies doolittle.  unfortunately, they are now only stereo and not the multichannel/stereo combos of the earlier sacds, but they still sound good!
sorry blaine, i meant 80's, not 90's.
blaine you are correct. the ultradisc were made in 90's, sorry. i have a bunch at home, and i quickly look at one disc.
@siltech "do any of you guys remember the ultradisc by mobile fidelity. i have a bunch of these from early 70's. these are all all original master recording, on 24 kt gold plated disc." "mine have the year on them, and there in the 70's. they are all  ultradisc l or ll." mobile fidelity labs was making half speed mastered lps in the 70's, but didn't start producing cds until the mid-80's, since the cd was not actually introduced until 1982. the company started in 1977, so perhaps it is that date on the discs?
o'boogie, the book is great, i loved it so much i bought a few copies to give to friends.
brian, no, but you can bet i will be reading it soon. looking it up now.
o'boogie, it would seem so - you clearly have good ears.  have you read the book?
@henry nice one. thanks. :-d
@o'boogie, :) https://m.youtube.com/watch…
brian, we have very similar taste in tunes. i've down with every suggestion you've posted. the eels are brilliant.
the magnetic fields - 69 love songs and anything by the eels would be great.  "things the grandchildren should know" is a truly great music autobiography.
kindness abides.  thanks, @ari.  keep on rockin'....
@phillip, hurray! that's the exact exchange i made. lyle lovett to csn to csny. i'm in good company. @ari, i'm aware we're all shades of gray, but i didn't start the name calling. he was a nasty piece of work. but i'm still very pleased for you.
hey @phillip hanna, you got my csny when i grabbed the pj. congrats!
@o'boogie, sorry bout that, nobody deserves that kind of talk. i guess the key is that there are really no black/white, good/bad people. we're all shades of gray and should all just respect each other as best as we can.
hooray!  thanks to o'boogie's great posting advice, i was just able to upgrade my csn for the csny i'd been hoping for.  thank you, thank you, thank you.  peace out!
well, i'm glad you got it, ari. but based on his activity here, i don't think he's an "awesome guy." he called me a twat, which is one step away from the c-bomb. but hurray! glad you got your pj, and i'm glad he's gone! :-)
hey everyone. i just want to let you all know that @david liew is an awesome guy after all. he coordinated letting go of his pj le with me and i picked it up! thanks david!!
doh!  saw elliott.  jeez, that was a weird typo!
i was elliott live a couple of times and he was great!
oh, elliott smith. poor elliott. i'd love to see some elliott on ponomusic.
elliott smith xo or either/or would be awesome.
i knew it! frankie goes to hollywood !  https://www.youtube.com/user/dyyliew1
@bill, i guess not. because that is some profound stuff right there. hahahaha. @jdc, i think i'm going to stick with my csny. i love them all, and i love the idea of having all four signatures on my pono le. however, i do have c4c set for it! @ari, i set mine for 8 seconds under custom.
coprophilia - who says you don't learn something every day?  thanks peter.
well bill i mean how can you argue with that kind of retort from dl hey?
@o'boogie, how often did you set it to refresh?
is ny le your mission today o'boogie?
@jdc & boogie  don't be such a sore twat,  i'm holding it for head-fi members in case they are interested. definitely not going to give dogs like you who'll believe every single crap spewed out blindly. if they told you to eat crap you probably would. i guess you folks can't understand his well thought out and profound criticism above...*snicker*
mary margaret o'hara would be great on pono.
i'd love to hear some steve forbert on my pono. fantastic stuff.
was there any punctuation there? i don't see any. tl:dr.
lol you guys remind me of apple fanboys as well as sony vs xbox fanboys seriously, you all need to take a chill pill and learn how to take feedback and criticism or your work life and relationships which i'm doubting there is any, will be quite sad
@peter, that just made me laugh loudly. hahahaha. thanks for that.
peter - lol
@dl - look up coprophilia. there's help out there for you, buddy.
just ignore the fool
@david liew, all he has is a $5 pledge folks :) same old troll tricks as the last troll trick tricked it to be !!!!! butt it wern't to be so in liew of that jack !!!!! https://m.youtube.com/watch…
ari, looks like you've got yourself a quality new friend! if you use c4c, you'll get one today without dealing with this simpleton.
the numbers do look great.
@ari elman msged you on fb. lol so much for being accused attention seeker, at least ari elman will be happy compared to kids who can't take any negative feedback
@david liew, what "crap" you troll?
@brian, clearly he has some issues—enough fill a magazine rack it would appear. :-)
mmm ... crap ...
thought you said you were leaving? bye now!
@o'boogie, i guess you're right.
@david, yes, thanks.
@brian milligan don't think that comment is a disrespect towards the project creators but more towards the people eating the crap?
trollolloollo
@ari elman do you use the same name in facebook? i'll look you up there
@david liew, "if they told you to eat crap you probably would."  that reads like disrespect for the project to me!
lol i'm done posting and fueling more anger from kids. grow up please before accusing people, unless that's what your parents taught you then i'm sorry for you then.
@david, how do i get you my email address? i'd rather not post on this board. thanks.
@brian: i'm pretty sure david suffers from some kind of mental illness. call a troll a troll and ignore. he's seeking attention. ;-)
@david liew - stay classy! ;)
ari, i bet you if you watch, you'll get it today. it's how i got my csny. it works!
@brian milligan i have not shown disrespect to this project, only towards fanbois who can't take any feedback going against their 'god'
will there be a way to rip/convert sacd's and dvd-a's into the pono?
thanks o'boogie. i'll give it a shot. i just have til this afternoon because of passover tonight. let's see what happens.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
@ari, download firefox if you haven't already. add check4change add-on. set it to check on the pj  le. you'll get one. promise.
@david liew, which part of "be respectful and considerate" covers the use of twat?  show some respect for this project please.
@david liew, not sure what happened with you and the others here, but i just saw your comment about releasing the pj le and it would really make my day. just sayin'.
david liew - lmao
haha! that says all i need to say about you. so long!
@jdc & boogie don't be such a sore twat, i'm holding it for head-fi members in case they are interested. definitely not going to give dogs like you who'll believe every single crap spewed out blindly. if they told you to eat crap you probably would.
@mobius it has been a great kickstarter, i really hope pono hangs in for the long haul. well done on the ny. @ o'boogie, that was/is a fantastic tip, thank you!
nice mobius. congrats.
don't forget to make sure your payment/credit card info is up to date!
@mobiusengine, so glad you got what your ny le!
wow! whoever dropped the ny le caused a quickfire ringing of david bowie's changes all over the world. thank you, whoever it was. i am now super excited, heart pounding! o'boogie, thanks for the check4change tip. i noted that as soon as i  dropped the csny le it was too gobbled up. what a kick starter this has been, folks! onwards!!
and also attention all if you are pledging for more than one pono but only have the intention of buying one please let the others go there are people refreshing like rabid dogs here looking for their fave artist le luckily i already have what i was after but would hate to see a massive sales drop as people release their unwanted pledges at the last minute especially with the le's never to be offered again.
@ o'boogie - right on.
hey david, i've been refreshing for days looking for that pj. holding a cnsy now. care to help me out?
@jdc: seriously. we don't need a self-righteous announcement. keeping it until tomorrow basically means he wants to come back and moan about how it doesn't meet his criteria or whatever. just release it and move on, pal.
o'boogie it has been intense
yellow oct out there!
attention seekers are us hey david liew
@david liew just dump your pj now before it becomes a collectors item in the coming months...it will save you coming back tomorrow to say the same again :)
why let us know and hold on to something until tomorrow? let it go now so someone can pick it up. can't believe how much has happened since i went to sleep last night. another $21,000. excellent.
i'll be letting go my pearl jam le 100th edition tomorrow for those interested. their explanation on the output impedance is not convincing enough considering they neglected to mention on the effects on multi balanced armature iems. found another product which looks more promising with better technical specs in igg -> geek wave. although the definition of the wave is still confusing, i'll monitor on how that goes. will compare that with pono if the chance arise in the future.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
looking for nyle, and i'll give up my  ny&ch
hummmm or 14,597 pono players pledged so far ... yea it higher [ 14,597 players ]
14,501 pono players pledged so far ...
@jacobo thx for ny le  :-) you made me happy! can´t wait to compare my fiio x3 with the pono.
@3d mine have the year on them, and there in the 70's. they are all ultradisc l or ll.
@creator, on your pono r&d design prototype the sd cards are "removable" so are audio jacks & usb cables - why not challenge the pono design team to develop a battery which is also removable ( click in - click out ) just like the sd cards & usb & audio jacks :)
sorry for formatting boo boos, time for sleeeeeep as locutus instructed data.
hi everybody, i have been totally following the comments for many days, since i pledged, read back a couple days before that but only jumped in earlier today. loads of interesting stuff, was hard to keep up today. originally writing this offline i kept seeing tons of new posts for a while until the $6m. here is my semi organized, kinda lengthy brain dump. i tend to be verbose in hopes of clarity plus i have some time lately. i trust neil, his name association, "this note's for you", and the members of team pono to deliver the best they can. yeah sure v2 might be better or the next whatever but like what has been said you have to jump on the tech merry-go-round at some point. i don't have a potable hi-res player, the price is good and the timing is right for me. even with the prospect of limited hi-res for a while my current dap does not support flac. it does .wav files but it's worthless with the meta data. plus i see this as supporting something more than just a product. if there is money to be made i am sure there will re,re-re-releases, remastered, re-remastered and remastered yet again from best available sources for hi-res release. as well as where money is not a concern, granted those could be fewer in numbers. as long as the wheel is set in motion and gains momentum, could be a slow start, then you  know those looking to make a buck will want in. it took time for cds to build a large catalog, especially many pre cd releases. if others get in before, during or after pono and it takes off faster that would be great. remember when cds were commonly labeled aad, add or ddd? if recall correctly even for new releases neil was staying aad for a bit and a proponent of quality digital sound as he states since the beginning of cds. it is not just a blind faith of being a sheep doing as a celeb i like tells me but the passion, real world knowledge, expertise and the trust i have in team pono. specs are not everything. yes they have meaning but who is listening, a human or a computer? i was taught analysis, good ol tef & mls is great for design, room acoustic treatment and placement and to "voice" a system. another example i was told about listening not looking is stevie wonder. odds are he does not look at specs or vu meters  when he is at the desk. basically follow your ears or ears that you trust for your purpose. in this case i trust the ears of others who are and have been a part of this project and creating awareness. if one must wait to hear for thyself or only willing to risk $200 that is totally understandable. loudness wars, yeah sure ok if that is what the artist wants otherwise fm is already highly compressed. thankfully a few like wxrt minimize their compression, fun fun for the engineers though, and have an hd channel too. if people/end listeners want or at times need it squashed how about a variable and bypassable plugin? i am all for dynamic range, i agree it can also be excessive like compression and i have employed compression for late night movie watching to have some decent volume while trying not to disturb others with loud transients. on the subject of older an not so efficient i have beyerdynamic dt831 cans, 250 Ω and a whopping 74 db for 1 mw sensitivity and decent sennheiser buds for active and/or real portability (model escapes me but larger diaphragm for buds). the impedance of the beyers i am not concerned about and the low efficiency only slightly. life is trade offs and sometimes there is a physics cost and requires a bit more power to get going, like ar-3 speakers and unlike voice in the theatre that has neighbors calling the police with just a few watts. anyway my current dap is my stiletto 2 portable satellite radio. it does ok with the beyers and the beyers play well enough with most of the portable devices i have tried them with. i am not looking for 110 db spl but 100+ at times is nice. also if i recall full  volume on the stiletto 2 makes it "line out" so i am glad the pono will do more than just bypass/reroute signal path with a separate line output. i have confidence the pono will be able to drive my beyers at a good loud enough volume with a tad more battery drain and maybe not get death metal binary 0 off or 1 loud volume but i did say life is a series of trade offs. continuing on trade offs the shape of the pono is more than an acceptable trade off to me. it is akin to tablets and notebooks. yeah they are small, flat, do a good job and are "portable" but for any serious processing, say a/v, a desktop design is more conducive. as the pono team has stated more space for better components at a good price point that are not crammed together creating more heat and possibly rf interference. the dimensions do not allow for ¼" trs? too bad tt connectors are not one of the consumer standards. also the the size doesn't allow for some kind of access at the bottom for battery replacement/swapping? some multi-day excursions even with solar chargers, at times they are insufficient, it is nice to be able to swap out for a charged battery. i have multiple batteries for my portable devices and when it is time to charge a battery i remove it, put in a charged one and let the drained one cool before charging then put it back in the queue. not only is it convenient for no down time in the field it can extend the battery life with less cycles per year plus letting it cool before recharging. was the lincvolt designed to have to be shipped somewhere if it needs a battery to be replaced? even if it is not an easy way to swap the battery, analogous to a watch battery. most people do not  change their own watch batteries but it is easy to bring it to somewhere to have done while you wait or perhaps come back in a day or 2. if we have to take it to a tech shop like a watch battery for those not willing to give it a go that would be a more acceptable trade off to me than the time and cost of shipping it replacement cost insured. perhaps a low tech squeeze and the use of something like an automotive trim tool to slide the cover off?  or higher tech locking rail system with on screen controlled micro servos to slide the cover? a bottom access trap door that only allows the battery to come out and minimizes exposure to the rest of the internals might be better and easier at the possible expense of some aesthetics. instead of saving the best for last i saved the petty for last :p i too am curious about the le number sequencing, not that it really matters. i was the 234th for the gd le, i missed the announcement, then was going for 123 and missed it so i procrastinated and decided 234 because i saw it was next and did a mini frantic pledge. if you read this entire cme, cerebral mass ejection, i say thanks. if you simply perused that is cool and if pretty much skipped over i don't blame you. it got longer than i thought but now i can stop compiling and finally go to sleep. viva la pono!
@frank papstein you should thank me ;) saw a yellow oct pono, doubted at first but hope to eventually get a early bird :)
@frank papstein: congrats! i saw it come free but im already too happy with my pj edition to want to make the switch, but that's the only other le i considered it for :)
considering the success of this campaign and the interest for a high quality portable music player; neil and his team would dare to develop an optimal headphones according pono features? (tic...tac...tic...tac...) pono team: it's up to you... thanks!
none of us knows what the pono sounds like. specs are meaningless if the device blows. user experience is king.
awesome frank!
just pledge to a ny le i´m so glad!
@ andreas - pono is such a niche market, i hope with everything the store is still around then.
@peter rustin: the fiio x5 is indeed a very capable player with specs that seem slightly better than what pono has on offer, and for the same price. this is indeed one of pono's direct competitors, and i really hope the pono team has looked at the x5 up close, and knows what it's going to have to do to make the pono the better offer of the two. because releasing a player while the competition is not only available earlier but also better, would make the pono land dead in the water. i trust the pono team will try its hardest to make their player a better offer than fiio x5 and ibasso dx90, and i hope they will succeed!
@creator, thank you for confirming support for the sdxc standard (max 2tb memory cards). when the larger capacity cards arrive in a few years, the pono will store more than 80.000 tracks at cd quality, and 12.000 at 192/24.
@neil young, amy wants to thank you for watching over her https://m.youtube.com/watch…
@neil young, @creator, judy wants to thank all you beautiful people ! https://m.youtube.com/watch…
....now, if we try real hard, 8 million is still possible.....ever the optimist:)
@creator @everyone well it all seems to have happened while we in the uk slept! 6 million, great guns. no word about the photo of crazy horse pono yet????? want to see that before i decide whether to swap my csny for a clear........
@neil young, jim wants to thank you, you are saving time in a bottle neil ! https://m.youtube.com/watch…
@neil young, george wants to thank you :) https://m.youtube.com/watch…
wow 6 mil. anyone go for 7 mil? lol
imagine if pono had an old black, black pono le.  that would be pono!
i wanna live with a pono player i could be happy the rest of my life with a pono player. a dreamer of pictures, i run in the night you see us together, chasing the moonlight my pono player.
i go to sleep and wake up to this! 6 mil milestone and the pono accepts 128gb memory cards. this gets better and better. by october it will be talking back and discussing high end audio.
we cracked 6mil congrats to neil, his pono team and our community!!! well done!!!
@rick gagnon, tis a frame capture i took from felix baumgartner 's space dive
wesley lindsey, pono will support microsd cards that are 128gb and even larger as long as they are compliant with sdxc standards. and of course we work with lower capacity cards following the sdhc standard.
6'000'000!  amazing! congratulations :-)
@christmachine thanks. i've done just that. my tag there is wildgift. i've bought some martin ligan headphones and a small class t amp and some small polk speakers for my office. i was very surprised to learn that i wasn't getting full hi res output from my macbook pro audio out. so it's an adventure!!
sleep well!
good night fellow earthlings! keep the party going <37 hours to go...
i think i paid 2x80 us for 2x64gb a year ago on amazon now they're cheap on sale 40 us i think
@peter rustin lurk around head-fi they're deep into this stuff. @jamie mcleod...i did not contact san disk personally but a well respectd member at head-fi said he contacted amazon and the said 120 but they may have raised it 199 is still a bargain usually new cards are super expensive not the 128 though
@christmachine - no local sellers in australia as yet. the feb review on cnet aust site pointed people to best buy or amazon in the us and quoted us$199
@peter rustin...cool...yeah pono's a safe bet. they won't release it till it works solid!
@3d - is that an iss shot - the circular window points that way.
@christmachine i'm in. no worries. i'm just trying to learn about this stuff. no way i'd give up my ny pono!!
@creator, can't wait for my pono's ! ! ! ! ! ! ! all 7 of them :) https://m.youtube.com/watch…
@peter rustin i'd stick with pono if your a noobie! no offence but it will work fine that's why the curious build. i'm interested in the gui.
the fiio is great but it's buggy and the swivel wheel is sub par and unscrews to easy
@rick gagnon, thanks for the particulars :) now that it appears to be steady above $6m time to play some dice, c'mon 7 :d also since that milestone and the posting has slowed time for a break, winter is coming.
i'm staying in with my ny le, but i looked at the fiio x5 and it looked like a very competent player.  because i'm new to this, what does the pono device bring to the table that makes it a better player?  i'm not trying to troll. i'm trying to learn about the field of high rez players about which i was ignorant until this campaign. again:  keeping my ny le :)
@jamie mcleod i pre-ordered the 128's on amazon....they sold out. but san disk is rushing more to be made and they said they will stil be 120 us. one place is selling them twice the pprice rip off...a lot of fakes on ebay too
the sweet irony of certain artists perhaps not selling as well, due to the demographic of who might buy a pono, or who are just not as well-known, is that, if these do become collectable, those models will be the rarest and most-sough-after. ;) also, just a bit of cheek. artist-signed ponos = ponography? ;)
ak was 700 soz
i have both the fiio x5 & the ak100 self mod and they both take 2 128gb cards. ak was and fiio 350. ak originally said it would only take 32 gb cards but we all tried 64 and they work excellent. now i have 4 128gb cards and they also work with no software changes soooo. but ayre is a name of excellence they gonna give an amazing pono!
1csn available!
not too many 128gb cards actually in the market place yet, and pono have said they haven't tested the player with one. so may essentially be in the same position as the x5.
so who wants to trade my cnsy for a pearl jam? :)
the main reason i hesitated tossing my hat into the pono ring is... 64gb internal memory + 64gb microsd card = only 128gb. yes, you can have a collection of 64gb cards to swap in and out, but i don't like that idea. i like to set-up a bigger chunk of my collection and then leave it be, not having to fiddle with it. it's the storage space that had me leaning towards the fiio x5 for awhile... it has two card slots that currently support 64gb microsd cards... but, it's firmware will be updated later so that it'll 'officially' support 128gb cards and then 256gb cards. i guess, physically, these cards will be identical shape/size/connection. i've also read that some devices 'unofficially' work with higher capacity cards than their official specs say they do. so my big question is... will the pono (version 1) be able to read 128gb microsd cards, or even 256gb?! and if this is possible/likely, why wouldn't pono declare as much?!
@3d - that's when we first hit the milestone. we dropped out for seven minutes (our feet were still wet though) and the second wave came in at 00:04. and it looks like we're up to our ankles now!
@ 3d it hit 6mill and then someone backed out and it went below.
i've never heard my morning jacket...are they any good? @creator no thank you!
@rick gagnon, is that when it first hit or since it has stayed over $6m?
wow!  what a huge milestone.  congratulations to all and thank you.
@john haskins yeah it has weird it was like someone donated then immediately backed out because it went back to the exact same amount just below 6mil///weird
my morning jacket still staying strong with 89 pono music players spoken for.
yes solrac bless bless!
i noticed some backed out at around $5,990,000. it dropped under $5,989,000 for a couple of minutes. i have been wondering about how many people may decide to drop out at the last minute. (this is my first kickstarter.) i hope not too many...
for the record, pono music reached $6,000,000 in pledges at three minutes before midnight on sunday, april 13.
good night & god bless
all of talking heads would be cool.
@dennis lane too funny!
@jdc 7 million goal now...im gonna have a heart attack i cant take it anymore!
1 csn up
weird al in 3d
@ rick gagnon and we're swimming.
going to bed...please don't call until we reach 10 million.
now for 7?
$6,000,723
...and snapped up again.
because that's how we roll!
@ solrac - lol
it is 6 mil again, hooray. i stepped away it is showed me needed $7.00
over 6 million again.     yes trolls
fireworks for everyone!!!        https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@solrac lolllllllzzzzzzzzzzzz yesss epic movie smash that clock beeeeeatch1
@ wanda - yeah, it counts. it's like the tide coming in a the beach. once it get's your toes wet, it's just a matter of time before you're up to your ankles, knees, hips, chest... and you're swimming.
the pledge amounts are growing like pono-chios nose.
congrats pono! and thanks!
again!!!!!      ground hog day!!!!!https://www.youtube.com/watch…
6 mil
get those cigarette lighters up!
public image ltd
csn le dropped
@carl no backs out.  this is hotel california...we go find them
we got gomie rolled https://www.youtube.com/watch…
this is a test....and only a test.....had it been a real emergency...the hat would have been passed.
someone is having fun
@siltech, i remember and have many of those gold discs, floyd, the band, b.b. king, albert king, count basie, muddy waters... but i don't think they are from the 70's. do you recall the master sound big white rectangle box with super bit mapping? al dimeola, jaco pastorius, king crimson...
do a lot of people back out on the last hour? will be interesting to see....
encore!!!
someone is frontin with us! trolls
did we scare them?  come back.....come back!!!
aaaaahhhhhhhhhhh
@brian, i need sleep. sorry! haha! ;-)
does it count even though someone dropped an le?
epic video @solrac
oops... back under.... lolol
woops!
what the hell....no sliding back.
sweet time, congrats to the pono vision long may you play!
congratulations to neil and the pono team!!!!!
congratulations to neil and the whole pono team!
the apple cart is falling over. :)
o'boogie, sea change - lost cause :)
yes, congratulations pono music - $6,000,000  - 750% of goal 15,000+ ponos!!!
keep on rockin in the free world!
now 999,957 to go to 7mill. lets get more dinners going neil.
6 mil congratulations @neil @creator @ponoteam @ponopeople!!!!   https://www.youtube.com/watch…
we made it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
triumph for pono & neil young
and there it is!!!!!!!!
about time.
wooooooohoooooooooo  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
nice!!
yeah! 6mill
yea!!!!!
boom!
there 'tis!
7 to go....no 5 more million.
what, brian?
burn pono burn!!!!!   https://www.youtube.com/watch…
smoke 'em if you got 'em.  6mil!!  :)
congrats on $6 mil. this time, for real.
congrats on $6 mil. this time, for real.
$6 million - congrats!
before i go, can't resist. jimi hendrix  original japan pressing, from original master 2002. i have.
calm down - still $7 to go!
come on!
yup :))))))))))))))))))))))))))
freaking unbelievable....7 bucks.
oops trigger happy
$7
booo yahhhhh.....hey ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo! 6 million us frickin dollaz!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
$7
o'boogie, pono is not a lost cause
congratulations pono 6 million dollars raised!!!!!!!!  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
just a few t-shirts away.
sea change is brilliant.
music quality has to win this battle.
yeah, i got tool - salival on ebay a few years ago. no quater rocks!
beck - sea change nearly there!
argh $12
$12!
$12
@siltech yep got a bunch, some of the same you have :)
real time drama.
10-9-8
on pins and needles!
all tool.....i love all their records! the best no quarter cover ever!
1 more!!!!!!!!!!!
good night, late here. i'm making to many spelling errors, sorry. need sleep
uno mas.
one more pono
concrete blonde
@o'boogie watch or lay in bed thinking about it!
leonard cohen
queensryche - operation mindcrime
janis joplin
10,000 maniacs
2 ponos away!!!!
i have the steely dan - greatest hits vinyl rip 24/96 sooooooooooogoooooood! and i usually don't like greatest hits except for maybe aerosmith
oh, man. $727 to go! i need to stay awake to see this!
donald fagen & john coltrane
tool - 10,000 days
history is almost upon the pono.
do any of you guys remember the ultradisc by mobile fidelity. i have a bunch of these from early 70's. these are all all original master recording, on 24 kt gold plated disc. they sound incredible. i only placed them a couple of times each. i have cat steven three, elton john yellow brick road. alan parson, bob marley, stevie wonder, any many more.
so close
goodnight o'boogie!
my job requires rested eyeballs. i'm a copy editor/proofreader. :-) and yes! i want every steely dan record. good call, @dennis.
nighty night, o'boogie.  sleep well.
@o'boogie sleep, we can do that when we are dead.
night @ o'boogie ...and yes abraxas please!
4 ponos from 6mil!
steely dan
@joe, someone had to do it! i have to get some kip. i'm sure i'll wake up to see $6 million, which is beyond excellent. nighty night, @mom/wanda!  night, pono family!
at 6 million we're witnessing history...tell the grandkids someday!
hey bill, how about carlos santana and buddy miles - live! that is a killer live album!!!
rocky horror picture show
@joe burroughs good one i'd listen to it live if ronnie cassey steve and the gang were still alive
crash test dummies
@john have all those great albums!
freebird!!! sorry i couldn't resist. :  )
@siltec ;)
the uk quad is amazing as well...you can tell during {"on the run" with headphone on if the girl that runs by twice runs in a circle around your head as in 3d then you got gold! @3d that is the best band ever walsh entwistle, maxter etc
ok london wake up!  and git us over the hump....the 6million dollar hump!
allman brothers
i thought i saw a ks page with an end estimate, not kicktraq https://www.kicktraq.com/projects/1003614822/ponomusic-where-your-soul-rediscovers-music/ which states trending towards $6,351,160, but i can't find it.
miles davis - in a silent way miles davis - kind of blue (mentioned earlier) al di meola, john mclaughlin, paco de lucia - friday night in san francisco carlos santana and mahavishnu john mclaughlin - love, devotion, and surrender
phebe snow
pono music hasn't been this busy this late for a long time... it's a party!
pat benatar
the cure - japanese whispers
@christmachine your correct, it's worth a grand. thanks for input, i appreciate it.
@creator correction...not cd books, hi res books.
dave bruebeck
@creator, i own waging heavy peace in cd...it's about the only way i can read a book without going to sleep, lol.  and i can zip through one on my daily drives.  i wonder if it makes sense to offer cd books at the pono store?  it just seams that it would sound better through pono anyway.  http://www.amazon.com/waging-heavy-peace-neil-young/dp/1611761131/ref=tmm_abk_swatch_0…
@christmachine, "entwistle best bassist ever!" i just came across a "super group" from the early 90s with him. the band was called "the best".  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_best_%28band%29 http://www.youtube.com/watch… doubt gonna be a hi-res release
the north america one from emi, original master, japan pressing is flawless in sound. also this very first japan pressing is worth alot to.
elp
the collectors
pink floyd  the wall hawkwind    hall of the mountain grill supertramp   crime of the century art zoyd      nosferatu alan parsons we are getting close!
elo
the pogues. please.
tracy chapman
mike bloomfield, al kooper, stephen stills - super session
earth, wind and fire
that japanese press you got probs worth a grand in mint condition.
i dont know the japan matrix numbers but the uk was svhml
deep purple
@solrac, you like tie? i like shirt.---homer j. simpson
@o'boogie, steve earle is great, love iris dement too.
twisted sister ultimate collection super fine edition.
10cc. for sure.
1973 floyd was  cdp 7 46001 2 the one i own.
loggins & massina
the uk dsotm 1973 harvest original first run was recalled due to pressing flaws...it's worth alot...i'll go out on a limb here and say japan does the best vinyl pressings always you my friend hit the jackpot with that one for sure! :)
kraftwerk
al dimeola
the velvet underground and nick drake catalogues
todd rundgren - a wizard, a true star todd rundgren - something/anything todd rundgren - the ever popular tortured artist effect todd rundgren - nearly human mike oldfield - tubular bells mike oldfield - hergest ridge mike oldfield - incantations roger waters - amused to death
ny...we are out, but he will be on buffalo, how many would you like?  5 it is!
jay giles band
the black one works well with your tie!
i meant 2003, not 2004
long we shall live to reach valhalla with pono in hand and 100 sdxc cards full/// and a bike to recharge the thing lolll
rock lobster oohh ahhh
blondie
yes please buy this one!  or the yellow one is nice too!
b-52s
@christmachine which blue triangle floyd you referring to. 1973 japan original press, or 2004 original remaster, press in japan?
the knack
talking heads too
@brian, yes! love ron sexsmith. and how about some steve earle?
lou reed
roger the engineer!!!
i am having so much fun reading about what you all want first.  this has turned into quite a supportive group which is delightful.  long live the pono family!
i suppose it would be too much to hope for to see some gang of four....but this is all about dreaming, amirite?
yard birds
midlake, the trials of van occupanther. just saw them in a brighton church with horse thief. amazing gig.
three dog night
abdullah ibrahim - ekaya
who - who's next --- entwistle best bassist ever!
ron sexsmith
quadrophenia (!!!!)
rolling stones - gimme shelter iron butterfly - in-a-gada-da-vida the doors - the doors quicksilver messenger service - happy trails jethro tull - stand up cream - wheels of fire pink floyd - dark side of the moon big brother and the holding company - cheap thrills jefferson airplane - crown of creation the beatles - white album billy idol - vital idol (us) jimi hendrix - electric ladyland later...
lets party yeahhhhhhhhhh bowie ziggy satsfm & hunky dory...sick!!!!!
hahaha! @mark
let's dance!
it more fun because this is what it's really all about!
shh he'll hear you...
oh, moz. yes. pretty please. and bowie. lots of bowie.
this is much more fun than arguing sampling rates with curmudgeons, with 6m straight ahead!
pink floyd - dark side high rez (alan parsons mix) i have it but i'll buy it again! hehe stone roses
santana
and, of course, whilst we dream aloud: everything by the smiths. and moz.
@bill: yes! hymns to the silence and astral weeks.
i want all megadeth from killing to symphony &  youthanasia and i'll move to an island :))))
some verve would be great too
van morrison!
i wonder how the pono pink floyd releases will sound compared to the immersion box sets.
oooh, richard ashcroft's alone with everybody. some blind willie johnson.
floyd - japan blue triangle harvest cut original pressing 2nd run & the japan uhqr is amazing as well and original 73 uk 2nd run...first run had pressing flaws.
ziggy stardust and tumbleweed connection please!!
bob mould - workbook
from the antipodes...  acdc - high voltage
@bill omand, i recently redid my floyd discography, might have to live with those cd rips for the time being. @brian milligan, yup them too. oh geeze gonna be broke before my dec unit arrives :( lol @christmachine and & o'boogie, yup and yup :) i am sure dave's picks will be released in hi-res in the future and wonder about past releases like dick's picks>>>
pink floyd...dark side of the moon. i own the the first pressing from 1973 on emi records,and was pressed in japan. yes, the very first pressing of the very first original master. i bought it new in 1973, when it came out.      i also own in on sacd on capital label from 2003. the digital remaster was done in 2003, for this sacd pressing, and owned by emi. both versions are incredible.
5 ponos people 5 ponos!  hope pono team synchronizes update with 6mil!
@jay: true, true.
must have blues for allah!
wow, any minute!
don't rule out "anthem of the sun" or "blues for allah".
triple post.......sex pistols, ramones, iggy, mark bolan, nick drake
$1,982 to go. come on! i want to see $6 million before i go to bed!
sorry 8] smileeeeeeeeeeey
8[
@christmachine: my thought exactly!
@3d: i'm guessing american beauty will be one of the two. and maybe without a net? no idea. fun to speculate, though.
@o'boogie - johnny the fox
pink floyd - that's all! :)
@3d the dead are so cool..whatever they give you will be awesome. yes all joni...early as well as jaco jazz
automatic for the people/document
gerry rafferty and thin lizzy, please.
john prine and everything by joni
*replacement discographies
@o'boogie & @christmachine, yeah many same thoughts and glad i have waited or errr umm procrastinated with some discographies. the dead have been at the top of the queue for a while and i am curious as to which two i will not have to get, went for the gd le. ---viva la pono
janis
doors - soft parade...all doors! mastered at the correct speed and all jim's banned vocals like the 99 cd box!
theres something happenin here...what it is, is exactly clear....theres a man with a pono player over there...  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
willie dixon, john lee hooker, muddy waters...
@phillip i'm with ya! grateful dead - mars hotel & wake of the flood! although i dare say ot hd tracks 24/192 are very good...all rhino vinyl dead is excellent!
the doors :)
quicksilver messenger service
7 more ltd editions & we've hit $6 million!
the beatles, george harrison, grateful dead's american beauty and reckoning. rosanne cash, loretta lynn, george jones. i can't stop thinking of all the records i want to buy!
@creator thank you
the byrds
peter frampton
gato barbieri for some jazz.
zero 7
jethro tull - "original masters" ~ steve miller - book of dreams
i'm really psyched that this has taken off so well.  i really look forward to a future of higher listening enjoyment for all the music i love.  only those of us who truly understand get the greatness of the pono.  hopefully in the future it will be the norm.  neil young had a vision, he wanted the world to hear the music.
the black keys
the black keys
come on!  7 le's will git us there!!!
gary moore...the best of the blues
love & war will be incredible!  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
the jeff golub band
bob marley says, "fire it up mon."
teenage fanclub - grand prix
ray lamontagne
jethro tull heavy horses
nick drake pink moon
and london calling. oh, yes. and the blue nile, hats! the list is endless.
jack johnson box set, in real hirez, django reinhardt
muddy waters folk singer
@peter, that is one of my all-time favorite records! i just bought the 6-cd fisherman's box the other day, and i'd love to see that on ponomusic store.
tribute to jack johnson.
miles davis - bitches brew 8p
yes to that!
miles davis - kind of blue
blue oyster cult - fire of unknown origin!
combat rock
clash yuuuuuuuuuuup
yeah i love rick as a person...i don't get why he went off the rails. i guess everyobe;s gettin schooled on hirez now
@o'boogie. i am dying to hear fisherman's blues!!  but my 1st purchase (depending on what comes loaded on my ny le) will be, i fervently hope, london calling, my #1 desert island record.
blue oyster cult  tyranny and mutation
i'm drifting back...i'm drifting back....i'm drifting back :)  burn pono burn!
johnny loved rick, and he did revive his career. but i get where you're coming from,for sure.
yes all dire straits, especially s/t
dire straits first album.
yeah..@jdc , rick was in the video...neils gotta sit him down, and say one word metallica! ouch.  sick video solrac..yeah i want that too...
@ christmachine - i agree with the rick rubin mastering comments. i cringe sometimes.
driftin back is the 1st thing i want to see, hear & feel on my righteous music player!  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
zeppelin houses of the holy....drool
i want all pink floyd catalogue mastered in 24/192 and i'll dither down to 24/96... get roger and david and nick in the studio with neil to oversee operations...is that too much to ask? yes i'll even buy darkside again even though i have 50 hi rez rips of that album from every possible country. yes johnny cash...no rick rubin mastering though...he bricks stuff
depending on what's available, it could be johnny cash, led zeppelin, billy bragg, john lennon, the waterboys, and the list goes on. but i imagine neil's harvest and harvest moon will be among the first.
international harvesters!
what's the first music you're going to buy first from the pono store?
swiss chocolate,,,nice...wait that looks like a pono....what...8]
free toblerones if when we top six mill!
commercial on tv, christine mcvie is back with the mac...awesome! @solrac - i've been buggin people on social networks you mentioned for 2 years about this, lol ...they've been more than cordial ..but others yes, send out the rotties!
i've been talking about the pono a lot on both twitter and facebook. i'm evangelical about it.
hey guys if you have twitter or fb it's time to let people know how close we are to the  big 6!
@c blaise matsutama, that's very cool. thank you for being a part of the movement.
wooo hooo whats that like 40 ponos?
@creator agreed. like they said in monty python and the holy grail: this is supposed to be a happy occasion!!
celebration time come on!  :)  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@c blaise mitsutama thats cool...you have a goal...you'll get one sometime. troops need to support in waves right ;)
@c blaise mitsutama: your contribution means the world because it's from the heart. thank you very much.
well, i am happy to say that my math/time estimate was waaay off!  i averaged out to $630 per hr, when i should have averaged in with the trend.  $120 per hour.  wooo hooo!  burn pono burn!!!
wish i could contribute more, but i wanted to show support for higher quality music. thanks, neil young, for being simply awesome and bringing this to reality. when i have more $ i want to get a pono.
let's change the tone of this forum. we should be celebrating as we're within $5k of $6m. what a fantastic and historic accomplishment. we at pono thank each and every one you for being a part of this historic  movement and helping to save the soul of music. we will work tirelessly to make sure we deliver on our goals and provide you a phenomenal musical ecosystem.
@tyler congrats! :)
i think i'll have some snus, ettan anyone....imported from sweden. i don't drink soooo...
1 tom petty up
no kidding it's kinda weird that its going to take some months before peopl get them...oh well// it'll be worth it
i'm thinking about how little music i'll be buying between now and october...
yeah you gotta have y on the end of csn for sure imo
i'll stop responding to the troll. seriously, i'm just excited about my csny pono.
@jerry, great post!
where;s creator...listening to pono? haha
@terence, i got the joke part of it,
respect...wurd!
@solrac i owe you big time.  thanks man. :)
@creator said thank you for the positive thoughts. thank god for supporters like you who encourage us to keep going and don't expect us to be infallible. we at the ponomusic team can understand that not all comments can be positive here and that there will be criticisms of us and how we are operating, some constructive and some not. we're big boys and we can handle it all. this is not our first rodeo. but we must draw the line when some on this forum consistently insult fellow backers. this is not acceptable in our books as we value and respect each and every backer and expect all discussion on this forum to be civil. if anyone is incapable of civil discourse, we respectfully ask you to cancel your pledge and leave the discussion to those who are really in this to build positive momentum for this movement.
someone is fast for the foos..
@brian it's called making a joke. (but in reality it is kind of true. smarter than a cashier, not smart enough to be a cfo). i dislike trolls who come in guns a blazin', yelling and screaming and throwing around useless points to either hear themselves talk (read themselves type) or puff up their chest like grade school bullies. it's annoying and a disgrace to neil and his life's work here. i've been lucky enough to meet, talk and laugh with the man a few times thanks to mutual rock friends and it's guys like jg who just want to poke and run away who ruin what this experience really should be. an experience. (2 drink minimum, don't forget to tip your waitress)
+1 foos le up for grab!
tom petty coming up
nice .. lolzzzzzzzzz c'mon somebody just throw in the last 7k
ohno.....
if someone gets a pono and fills it with yoko and u2, will that make it a yoko ono bono pono? (sorry.)
o'boogie...neil 'l hook em up.
the numbers are awesome!
wonder if ringo will get a pono?
<----lawyer.  still a good person and music fan. i own 61 neil young albums.  psyched for my ny l e.
popcorn anyone...munch munch.... as ringo always says, "peace and love, peace and love." ✌ ♥  ✌ ♥ :p
@terence fitzgerald in my experience a person's character is in no way related to their employment.  i've met great people that are lawyers, accountants, bar staff or cleaners.
oh, @terence. that was hilarious. my best friend is also an accountant. really says it all, doesn't it? i've been tracking to see if someone has dropped a ny le all afternoon. nothing. not a one. i'll be surprised if any show up at this point.
@jonathan gorman ahhhh. an accountant! says it all. you're used to sitting alone talking to an adding machine and thinking the numbers are talking back to you. i've yet to meet a "normal" accountant or attorney. (my mother was one and my best friend the other). go back under the bridge trolladite and leave us real pono enthusiasts alone. thank you, danke and gracias.
@gormie needs a hug...desperately.
@jonathan gorman seriously, i appreciate that you're one of the first 100 backers that backed this project. however, the way you trying to express your excitement / information sharing just more of demoralizing the whole pono backers. although i do appreciate your input, however it doesn't add any credibility to pono. if you are happy with your pono, why dont just quietly wait for your shipment. pleas try not to stir the crowds here.. i'm sick of reading the flames in this comments instead of useful information. and i'm sure there's some others which feel the same. peace!
please, have one...everybody have one and let's all celebrate the intensity of what this board represents!  the thing is writing, creating, composing and playing music can be a bonding, healing, joyful loving experience.  sometimes it is a solitary experience or like sawing off a leg.  it helps us to cope and makes life's experiences rich, smooth or go in a different direction. it can be brutal, ugly, it can shake you, it can be ruff.  it goes in every direction. it has made us smile, it makes us cry.  my point is that music is this incredible blessing...a gift that has all the textures of sound & vibration that consciousness can experience through our ability to hear & feel.  that sound when it is expressed has its greatest energy, yet it can be elusive for a wide range of reasons.  capturing the energy of the moment as perfect as possible is the holy grail of life!  it's like being at the lake, when it is quiet, and you are present!  you hear everything in that moment.  i see everyone here as a drop in the rain that is the storm knocking on the door of this awsome opportunity with the folks at pono!  while we differ in so many ways.  i am certain that we all have an equal amount of similarities and i am grateful to experience all of you and what pono represents.  there is no energy greater than righteousness.  our world needs this and any thing that represents the spirit of righteousness.  so enjoy...have a donut and please take one with you :)
@jonathan, "boogie  i've funded more projects last week than you've funded total. i funded this project before you and i it seems that the only thing in this world we will ever have in common is this." can you read that back and not feel a little embarrassed?  it's an insult i would expect from a child.  we may disagree on some points but you're way better than that quote i'm sure.  take a deep breath.  i too own a linn system and have ripped to flac for years, many of us on here have more in common than many comments seem to reflect.
i can't believe this will be #3 behind ouya and pebble.
is this kickstarter or a pound full of puppies tonight
hey folks....keep your eyes on the prize...6 mil :) can't wait to play my phonogragh!
@jamie mcleod exactly, there is a lot more that goes on behind the scene, but maybe you could explain us the whole process from start to finish (in depth), as you have people in your family who works in the domain, you must know a bunch.
@don, thanks. i think he was born that way, can only imagine his first words, and good luck with the 14k pono w/matching lambo :d
@jonathan i thought all the hipsters were happy with audio when flac made mainstream. ad hominem, chill a couple notches, like @peter says
@jonathan gorman try harder. you did not prove me wrong, you need to be a lot more precise and detailed than this.
for someone who's profession is accountancy, your lack of attention to detail is very disturbing......
this is the best kicstarter soap  opera so far!
i can't stop laughing. "i have family who have worked with ..." *snort*
@jg i defend your right to make your point, but can't you ratchet down the attitude and let's keep this positive?
@ jonathan gorman - i think you mean jeremie on the arcade fire comments....
no, it won't work. gotta do it on your laptop or desktop, guys.
not sure if this will work, but if you download foxbrowser on your phone and since it to your firefox account on your computer will that work?
jamie you don't know dip if you think that arcade fire is recording low dynamic range on against their will.  they have been mixing crap from the beginning and are well known for it.  source http://dr.loudness-war.info/album/list… let's compare them to the rolling stones and kiss (both bands known for playing loud) http://dr.loudness-war.info/album/list/year… http://dr.loudness-war.info/album/list/year… and neil young and springsteen http://dr.loudness-war.info/album/list/year… http://dr.loudness-war.info/album/list/year… and you don't know anything about mix if you actually believe that a hot mix is the same thing as playing loud. and while i am an accountant, i have been an audiophile for 20+ years and have family that have worked with the stones, paul simon, joss stone and willie nelson.   other than coming from moose jaw, canada - what have you done with your life? so i just proved you wrong.  want to go again?
@3d: i knew malcolm before he was old, and he was always "crotchety," and always entertaining. thanks for the post.
douglas, sign out of kickstarter and create a new account with a different email or with facebook (if you have it). pledge again and pick out a different pono. ta-da! :-)
@o'boogie thanks for you answer. i was thinking the same thing.
this is exciting. never used kickstarter before. pledged for a yellow pono player. can't wait to retire the sansa fuze and clip. i am not very good at computers. can someone explain how i would do a second pledge for more pono stuff? when this project is over what do you guys think the final # of backers will be? thanks neil young for caring about music.
here are some malcolm chisholmisms i came across and mostly remember pertaining to this in general. i took his class when mp3s were barely known. anyone remember the creative labs nomad? read all "quotes" in a yelling, crotchety old man voice. :p "this is a recording studio, there are no rules, but if you're going to dance naked on the piano, please take you're shoes off." called digital cd audio a "cartoon", but said "the bass is gooood!" he said of 24 bit 192k "now you're getting close". "the main thing to remember about compressors is that if you don't let them go back to zero some times, you're not doing anything." he would be teaching a class and someone would bring up digital recording, and he would snarl and say "i could have built a noiseless tape machine in 1967, but no one wanted to spend the god damn money!!!" and then he would  stop class for an hour to explain how he really could have made a noiseless tape machine, but it would have been incredibly expensive... he would play recordings at the beginning of class and then ask the class how we thought they were recorded, some idiot would always try and figure out the most complicated way possible to give as an answer and malcolm would shout "two f@#king mics" and then say something derogatory about the then fledgling digital recording medium. ---viva la pono!  (and donuts too)
fwiw, i just checked the android version of firefox. unfortunately, check4change doesn't appear to be available there (yet).
i'm not @treatise, but ... you can't use it on an iphone. it's a firefox add-on for mac or pc only.
@treatise can check4change be installed on a iphone? i assume you have to install firefox first. i can't find firefox on the app icon. so i assume your iphone would have to be unlocked, to do it. if there's a easy way, please let me no? i live in toronto and my carrier is rogers.
donuts!! c'mon fence sitters. c'mon benchwarmers. c'mon castaways and cutouts! come join the youth and beauty brigade.
mmm ... donuts.
true, peter. it's an exciting time. thrilled i can be part of it. so ready to see that counter hit $6 million!
@me those donuts look so good.
i want to be up and online whenever we hit 6m!  i will have donuts ready!
6m in view. i think we have sent a message to the music establishment. witness apple's possible high-resolution sales. if you're in, be in and celebrate being at the vanguard of a movement
does anyone hear that sound? it's like the adults on charlie brown tv specials. "waa waa waa waa waa."
@o'boogie http://www.linkedin.com/in/jsgorman . pretty immature behavior coming from someone of his status. @jonathan gorman *sigh* , your ego, it's just mind blowing, you said a lot of things about audio that you thought were facts but were in reality, bullshit. and never you admitted it, never excused yourself. i wont name all of them, but the most recent, about arcade fire wanting highly compressed songs ? that's non sense, they don't have a choice, if they want to play loud, they should be allowed too. " highly compressed music isn't bit count, it's about the dynamism from loud to quiet. " https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/audio_bit_depth -> using higher bit depths during studio recording accommodates greater dynamic range.
@me: yes! cannot wait. roll on october!
boogie  i've funded more projects last week than you've funded total.  i funded this project before you and i it seems that the only thing in this world we will ever have in common is this.
happy happy joy joy can't wait to get my pono toy :)
jeremie how have you proved me wrong?  there are opinions and facts.  i've shared both. i'm not avoiding you.
for the record, i don't think i called anyone names. i used the words troll;  uninformed; ignorant. i said he lives in his mother's basement. these things all still appear to be true. anyway, thanks, pono pals. i love (most of) you guys. haha. ;-)
http://soundofblackbirds.blogspot.ca/2010/08/arcade-fire-and-analog-recording.html the good news is the arcade fire catalog will sound amazing and the albums will all be in the highest definition available.
@jamie mcleod ha ! ok. hahahaha.
@richheart @o'boogie you're both right, it's jazz~pop, with some country.
@jonathan gorman - "name calling is just the last resource of the uninformed"  exactly - "bitter woman"
@jonathan gorman hey, don't target her, you deserved it, target me, i'm the one who always proves you wrong. don't deny it ! " it's always the least brave that puff out their chests online. " are you kidding me, you just described yourself ! are you real ? l.o.l. you don't know jack about music producing and audio engineering, seriously, go back to accounting.
@richheart: gotcha. haha. ;-)
o'boogie, i was just looking for more jazz for the uninformed *grin
says the man who regularly attempts to sabotage kickstarters ... haha. good fun, this is.
jamie name calling is just the last resource of the uninformed.   it's always the least brave that puff out their chests online.
cheers, jamie.
o'boogie is just saying what the majority are thinking.......
@richheart: she's done some jazz and country, but she's mostly pop.
norah jones not jazz either?
treatise about 1 hour ago @andrew there will always be a better model out there if you wait enough, that's how technology works. the question is whether you want to wait 1-3 years for v2. there will always be a better model.  i just prefer if it's not 3 months and at least a 9 months or so (xmas will be coming again) after the original came out.  anyway, i will only purchase one for now (and a poster) and look forward to them coming out.  finally a chance to regularly use the grado headphones i got a few months ago (and will have to upgrade once i get the complete pono bug).
(i really don't like uninformed trolls. at all.)
right. bye now. go back to your mother's basement.
oboogie i misspoke on the herbie hancock. but you are a bitter woman that makes personal attacks when people point out things that you don't like.
@craig get one chrome and one clear, then you can report back which is clearer :)
so...when will the first pono in the wild sighting occur...i know when the ipad first came out it was kinda fun to see where and who was toting it.
o'boogie - i see your point.
http://soundofblackbirds.blogspot.ca/2010/08/arcade-fire-and-analog-recording.html “we recorded it on tape, we press it to vinyl, and the digital is the archive of this physical thing that exists in the world,” mr. butler said. “we’re preserving it and using digital as a mode of distribution, but ultimately there was something real that was made.” how cool ? @treatise don't ! he's brainwashed and doesn't know jack, he is actually confused but he doesn't want to admit it, and as a result he is misinforming the backers. @o'boogie +1
how about that, kenny rogers is up one on porty.
i am estimating 26hrs +/- 5hrs to 6m
lights out here in amsterdam. fingers crossed for an available ny tomorrow morning...
$393 per hr to 6m
@treatise: you are most welcome!
thanks o'boogie!
@andrew there will always be a better model out there if you wait enough, that's how technology works. the question is whether you want to wait 1-3 years for v2.
@don thanx for that. the $100 is in the post:)
(i was previously posting as wanda on my mom's account, so that was me, treatise. glad i could help.)
@andrew someone told me, and i passed it on to help others. it's how i got my csny. glad you got your ny & ch.
@andrew first i heard of it was from wanda here. i tried other plugins but they didn't work, so that was a great tip.
i also want to thank whoever posted about check4change which is how i got my ny & ch.  missed like 3 others earlier but glad it worked.  thanks again.
just got a ny & ch which i'd been trying  to get for a while.  will more than likely release my csn.  don't think i can swing 2 of these at this point in time. i'm also concerned that after the initial batches are distributed, they'll come out with more models that might incorporate a remote or other features so i don't have to cross the room to change/skip a song.  i do miss having the time to listen to complete albums one after another (outside of the car on occasion) like i did 30+ years ago.
i'm with jonathan here: craptastic mastering will sound awful at 128kbps cbr mp3 and high-res flac. fortunately pono is disrupting the status quo, and has promised to be a gatekeeper on their store by not allowing poor masters. and from what they've said it sounds like artists are getting behind the, dare i say, movement. at the least artists getting the message, if not the leverage they need so that audio quality is not compromised due to technical limitations of radio play. i wish they will be able to expand to other eu countries soon after launch.
jdc: it's his tone. his know-it-all tone moaning about how we shouldn't pay $400 for something that he deems is worth $200 (the price he paid for his early bird). it is pointless, annoying, and he seems to know almost nothing about the subject. he's talking out his arse, and he is a notorious troll on many kickstarters. i would greatly enjoy him zipping it. there you go. hope that helps. ;-)
@creator @ponomusic - congratulations on selling 15,000 pono players!
@ o'boogie - harsh, jonathon has made valid points about this and everyone is allowed to discuss. negative and positive is fine, what's the problem?
@garycraig you and everyone else!
$847, $729, $703, $620, $487 per hr to 6m.  trending nicely :)
@creator now, if you could get neil to actually sign a clear pono, i would be in like a shot!....i can only wish:)
@tijn  you will be one of the few..if any, that's for sure.  good luck!
@jonathan @neil speaks to this somewhat at sxsw when he talks about artist living with the choices/masters they produce.   http://www.npr.org/blogs/allsongs/2014/03/12/289435279/hear-neil-young-explain-his-pono-music-player-at-sxsw
i won't address the troll directly, but i'll say this: herbie hancock. duh. anyway, these les are from neil's friends. there is great variety here. pick one and shut up.
yellow oct up...
@solrac, i might just pursue that goal (hard to resist history in the making), but i'm running out of mail-accounts... if only we could add pledges to the same ks account.
@mobius thanks.  you got it. death magnetic and californication  are the worst abusers of the loudness wars. people here "ripping" on mp3s as the problem when the real devil is the craptastic mastering.   listening to a song as a mp3 is a choice we can make, the loud mastering that makes the music unlistenable is a choice mostly made by artists and producers. i'm also a bid sad that no jazz les were made.  so many great albums and artists who can truly be appreciated in highest definition.
@ don lol
@don: i just laughed. loudly.
@creator: maybe you should give @gary craig a clear pono, since it was his idea. and, btw, i would like to suggest a diamond-encrusted 14k gold pono that comes with a matching lamborghini.
@bill that would work too i just think if you stick with one or two colours you limit yourself with the amount of sales likely as apple found out early that not everyone wanted a white ipod so they started adding other colours to boost sales. the pono looks great in yellow and black and the shape helps to enhance this but if it were available in orange...lime green...lilac...sky blue...red...even pink you will sell way more as people go for their fave colours.
i've been watching for ny. no joy so far ...
i've been watching for ny. no joy so far ...
@tijn  do you have buffalo springfield?  that would make for the complete box set with a ny!  something i doubt many will have!
yeah, after csn&y i got my hands on the ny&ch! just one more le on my wish list.... the ny (straight-up) le....
@ creator ..this is moral blackmail!! :)
@anthony how about those colors as translucent! kinda like the clear !
i'll be around 498, 499 for csny, but that could change. it'll be fun to see what number i get.
@creator  will i be able to do the same claim with my orange and lime green idea ?? ;)
@gary craig if you get a clear pono then you'll be able to show it to your friends and claim correctly that it was your idea!
for those of you that want to do something extra special with your clear pono players, here is an idea from a quick google search!  http://www.thelasershoponline.com/index.html
@ douglas - i am pretty sure with numbering you go to the back of the line when you pledge for another player.
@garycraig just kidding below.  no,  you thought of an excellent idea with the clear pono and it brought a lot to the table!  now if i had thought of it, i would want one for that reason alone.  but if i couldn't get the 1st one then i would want the last one.
thanks seamus for the update!  sorry dmb.
nobody want the ff le then ??  :)
foos le available
fyi  for the person who thinks they may have had zz top number 1 or 2 of 500: i thought i might have had number 1 but i changed my pledge for another tom petty so you might move up to number 1 if it matters to you.
@solrac...that's the only problem with becoming a trained ear and eventually an audio nut. it's like once you have hd tv you can never go back. i will skimp on meals and then buy 1k headphones. you all have now what we call at the major forums...a light wallet. you can never go back especially once you've reached another level. sorry hehe
@mobiousengine- you could be right only thing i remember is one of the old timers asking what number he had and @creator told him! this is not going to change. which would mean that you pickup the person who dropped number in the line, which is fair after all is it not? the other way means your number changes whether you change pledge or not which  is no good at all really. @ gary craig - so its ll your fault i have another quandary : )
do ye think they will sell earphones,headphones and other gadgets when the kickstarter is over?
we really are gaining momentum as i see it trending!
well be sleepin' in our shoes!
$620 per hr!
@garycraig  yes it is terrible, just absolutely terrible man.  you must become pono poor like the rest of us, lol.  and when we wind up broke and in the streets, all cold, hungry and alone, we will be rockin it ;)
is it bad that i came up with idea of the clear and still haven't pledged for 1? i cannot justify 3 ponos and cant decide whether to drop my csny...
this blog will continue here as well, if it is like the other ks projects.
@douglas - wouldn't the timestamp be down to the second? it's easy to order the pledges from the ks data.
@mobius i agree with you, who knows what they were thinking $$$  maybe, but hell, life is all about learning from our actions and making decision based on the results of those actions.  i welcome anyone that drives towards a greater wisdom...in whatever they are doing.  but we shall see in oct!
@creator - as i understood it a week or so ago the numbering and which number you got was based on the person who dropped! so if all 500 have gone on day 1 or so of the campaign for ny le then anyone who drops will be giving their number to the person who picks up surely?
yeah, we will all have to meet on pono-people and swap emails, see how close we were (if they are) :-)
@jonathan - there i can see a fair comment. "umbrage at the comparisons of this unit to a $10,000 system" - if i had paid the full amount there would be no way i could back down on the justification for spending the initial amount either. that's something subjective for those who own such a system. i think most will be comparing to a sound from a smart phone or a basic pc. "the hypocrisy of a few of the bands with les that were the front lines of high compressed loud music" - i can see why you might think this but i also think there are a lot of people here who believe in the higher ideals that neil is pushing towards, and are not swayed by the possibility of any potential for hypocrisy in bands. i too scowled at the rhcp and metallica getting behind full clear high dynamics when they chose to go for full on crushing wall sound. that was a different market. that was a different time. this is pono.
@don, thanks for choosing the right timing. i knew i can count on you :-)
you are right, just want to feel the music again.
and the clear version really tickles my pickle, even though we dont have a bean on what it looks like
i imagine they will have a model number and serial number.  we can alway compare at the holidays :)
i dont actually care however, just want my q7000i speakers to come to life with some proper music!
we can only hope that is the case in the end.
not that the clear are numbered (unless they have figured it out now)
@mark howard, actually
@howard as i was watching the pledging 32 went within minutes.
@robert, @solrac  i'm no: 4 or 5 on the clear lol! it was amazing how quick the first few went :-)
for me it's not at all about greed!  it's about doing your best, giving it hell, all you got...going out with the wheels on fire!  not fading out or petering out, lol.  burn pono burn!
@henry hanna i don't need rescuing.  i have been listening to vinyl through my linn sondec for 25 years and have a dedicated dac being driven by a universal player that does sacd/dvd-a / cd.  my computer music is all flac ripped from the source. i'm not sure what you think i need saving from.  odds are i joined this project before you, and have mourned its reported death quite a few times over the last couple years. i'm just taking umbrage at the comparisons of this unit to a $10,000 system, the hypocrisy of a few of the bands with les that were the front lines of high compressed loud music and a 400 player in chromed plastic.
@don: the serial number is based on the date of your pledge in the le series. so you probably get 500 unless someone cancels theirs and there is a new pledge after you.
two ponos an hour will bloom a 6 million dollar flower :)
we are gaining speed!  now we need $702.97 per hour to 6m!
@creator "but when 99% of the music sold is as mp3s thanks to apple, even though steve jobs himself didn't listened to vinyl" i am a supporter and i wish you wouldn't even compare yourself to apple, but since the forum is dragging you into it, please make sure you get the details right. i'm thinking the second part may have been a typo, since neil young himself has been quoted that steve jobs only listened to vinyl at home. http://blogs.kcrw.com/rhythmplanet/steve-jobs-at-home-only-vinyl-please/ but mainly, please note that apple has never sold mp3s (as far as i know, at least.) they actually sell aac format files, which i realize is largely a technicality to most here since aac files are also lossy files, but if you must compare you really need to get the details correct or it leaves room for questions.  they started out with a copy protected version initially, but are now using an open, non-protected version that i'm expecting my pono to be able play, since "aac (unprotected)" is listed in your supported formats.
@don i bet it is automated and moves like a lunch line.  you would be number 500 imo
it is fun!  the mini museum was a hoot and sold out of most of the stuff and all of the mini museums!  i would love to see have a sell out crowd, and i am certain we would...if we were able to get in the major news or the night time shows :)
another question about numbering: how will they handle people dropping one le and trading for another? if the drive were to end right now, would i get ny #500 of 500, since i was the most recent backer to score one, or, would my number be based upon my original pledge date (prior to the 2-3 swaps to get to the ny)?
i imagine the folks at pono headquarters are cranking through some serious coffee beans...with 48 hours to go!  i wouldn't want to go to sleep!
i'm not sure you can know what number you'll get by looking at the current tally. @creator has said that the number will be assigned based upon the age of your pledge. i interpret that to mean that somebody who signed up for a dead le and was the first backer (1 out of 500) could be bumped out of the #1 slot by somebody who pledged for a different le on the first day of the ks drive. maybe somebody from team pono could explain how the assignment of numbers will be handled. could somebody who pledged for another le on the first day of the drive switch to the dead le, and bump that first backer if they hadn't pledged until the dead le was announced?
also joe scarborough is a musician form the msnbc show morning joe.
having backed more than 200 kickstarter's , towards the end of a campaign is a rather exciting time to watch.
hopefully pono will get some air time on cnn before the end.  @creator call wolf blitzer he is a musician!
@richheart it is addictive. i'm watching to see if a ny drops. not sure i'll take it, but i like watching!
hello, all.  i've been aware of neil's pono dreams for some time now (and greatly admire his intentions), so i just decided to pony up for a player.  but one question i've never seen addressed is, "what is the warranty (and service plan) for this hardware?"  any hard data on that point?  i'm very excited about the potential of this product with the engineering savy behind it, but hardware is hardware....  as a sidebar, i think a user replaceable battery would be much more desirable than what is planned.  at any rate, i'm excited to be a part of this movement for the return of musical soul (thanks, mr. soul!!).
i don't want an earlybird though, i want the clear....  so why don't i just close ff... this is hmmm adictive? :(
@o'boogie i'm also on a fast connection mac-mini, 8 seconds. i guess it is the ks server which is the bottleneck
a  little rush on the clears!
we are picking up momentum!  we only need $729 per hr to hit 6m!
i would love to have a box set of neil and the bands he was in with all being 444!
i think cool numbers to have are 3, 333, 343,  or 444.
@peter rustin excellent comment!
@robert i had #3 of zztop but let it go.  my thought was 3 man band...number 3!  but i had to cull.  so someone will be a happy-er camper :)
@solrac that's great, i am somewhat surprised that so many have been pledged for.
@robert then i must be 5 or 6 cause when i started i saw 4 and by the time it processed i saw 7.
@solrac the pono team made a comment on here that the blue would not be made available, but there would be a surprise the next day.  i actually thought a transparent pono would be released and was waiting on the computer to change my pledge.  i know my number as i watched the pledges for the clear from number 7.
i set my custom timer on c4c to 8 seconds. i'm on a mac with a very fast connection, and i worked out that was the optimum time for snagging a "return" of first a csn le then a csny. :-)
@creator although a review of the last day's posts suggests that some take delight in tearing down what you were trying to create, i want to say that you have done a great job in updating us in 25 communiques and in keeping your eye on the prize. i never knew about the inherent limitations in my apple ecosystem for playing back music, and i'm fairly geek.  i hope to see london calling in the pono store. so, you are doing a fine job at raising the consciousness of us all, and i really look forward to seeing my ny le in october. keep the faith!
@rich  meant @robert.
@richheart ;-)
@richheart you can set the refresh time to less than 30 seconds by selecting "custom..." in the pop-up. if you have a fast computer with fast graphics (which i don't), you should be able to set it as low as 1 or 2 seconds. i tried it on a computer with an amd processor, but couldn't get much faster than the 8 seconds you mentioned. i switched to an older i5-based machine and was able to get under 5 seconds. but i was still just really lucky.
@rich how do you know what number?  cause i also think that i am somewhere between 5 and 7.
@richheart, just picked up a clear !  you made some decent points ! thanks :)
@richheart i was number 8, then went to 7 and at 259 of 500 and counting i don't foresee my number changing.  just very happy they decided to offer the clear.
@wanda mum + @o'boogie you were tech-savvy enough to have a tech-savvy enough daughter :)
@o'boogie thanks.  for someone my age, i guess i am!  :-)
@robert  i was about #10, now i'll be c250, i'd just like something like a little ks logo hidden in a corner. numbering and signing would be superb....
@wanda/mom: you are pretty tech savvy! :-) x
@solrac my thoughts exactly!
@rich i had considered taking my clear to a laser engraver and engraving old black on it!
sorry another typo 2009 vinyl remasters
pono family, i feel that i must tell you my daughter o'boogie is the one who posted the information about check4changes and everything that was posted in my name until o'boogie started posting.  i pledged for a pono for her because she is such a music nerd.  however, as stated in a previous comment, i decided that i had to have a willie nelson le, so i pledged for one on her ks account, and we are going to exchange when the ponos arrive.  i am not comfortable taking credit for the knowledge that o'boogie has.  i am not that tech savvy.
@richheart ...unless you find mint copies of all the original beatles vinyl...the holy grail are the 2006 remasters eu boxset of all vinyls. i have them all transfered to 24/96 and they sound better than eveb the 24/48 beatles digital releases. sorry to go on about vinyl but i've heard them all and in the audio community 2009 eu vinyl box are the only releases that do justice to the originals. notice how i stresthe eu box thats because the us box pressing were screwed up an cut poorly...off center, sibilance, inner groove distortion...this is why so many audiophilrs are so hopeful that hirez will eventually be done right. enter pono. :)
@richheart i am hoping that something can be worked out with engraving and in the end the clear is limited.
who will be backer number 17501?
17500 backers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@robert i wish i had only changed my pledge 10 times  :) like kids in a candy store, i know i can only eat one, but which one? oooh, i must have this one, ohhh but i can't not have that one.... my freezer's full too *lol
@wanda good on you.  as i see it.  this is a once in a lifetime event, never to be repeated again!  so enjoy the ride :)
@wanda: you'll regret it if you don't! :-)
@richheart totally agree with you on the clear, have changed my pledge 10 times.  also i think the points you stated earlier are more than valid.
@don  i hear you, i was fortunate to get what i wanted in the earlier days, before the firefox extension was presented on the blog.  when a ny came up, i couldn't believe my eyes...and actually dropped the phone on gf, lol.
@richheart my pleasure.
i just compared help, from the non-remastered and from the 2009 remaster, both 16/44.1 the remaster is so much less compressed-congested. it also has a far wider (in my opinion unrealistic) soundstage.  listening on naim and deuvel equipment
sorry major typo 5k tt...like a rega or scoutmaster air bearing tone arm mod...
as a willie nelson fan since the 1970s, i have decided that i will regret it if i don't get a wn le.  i have over 60 willie vinyls from the 1970s, probably close to that many cds, and many of those albums on mp3.  and i have several items that willie autographed when i saw him from the first two or three rows at the auditorium in eureka springs.  how could i not get a wn le?  so, i now have a wh le!  yea!
i feel sorry for kenny. :-( if we were in the late 1970s or 1980s, he's have sold out. i just wish he hadn't done whatever he did to his face. poor kenny.
the ff will renew at best every 30 seconds and can take as long as 8 seconds to refresh, depending on connection to internet, local server, ks server etc.  someone else's computer can be at a different point in the 30sec cycle, they just get there first. i still think that it is the most democratic way of handing over unwanted pledges. thanks @wanda
@richheart on the beatles albums i have all of the main original uk & us vinyl 1st presings releases on parlophone etc./ they are all ripped in 24/96 flacs and a few 24/48 alacs and it's not the mastering and pressing at the time that are the problem. mine all sound amazing. but you have to have about 15k in equipment to get the vinyl transfer to be stellar. 57k tt, 3k mod tonearm, 2k cart, dac etc...the 1 album was put out brfore the beatles 24/48 usb key and was probably a digital safety at who knows how many gens. from the original analog tapes. soon everyone will have the best sound. thanks pono
@solrac yes and no. i didn't use the firefox extension to get the csn&y -- i just got lucky. i did use the firefox extension to eventually trade up to the ny. but even with the ff ext, i couldn't get either of the two ny ponos that came up in the last two nights, and as i said, i also missed the early bird (which turned out to be a good thing).
@o'boogie that's why i'm in for the clear, i just can't see the wood for the trees on these specials, i love 'em all. i listened to some portugal and loved that too. just the kenny rogers makes me feel like i had (way) too much ice-cream :)  sorry mr rogers
@rich not yet.
i've thought about hunting a ny, but i think i'm sticking with my csny. i adore csn (and of course y), so i've got the ultimate pono as far as i'm concerned. congrats in your ny, don!
@solnac  have you heard them? 24/192? i know these tracks so well. i've got a couple vinyl transferred at 24/96
@don were you able to use the firefox extension or just watching the page?
@rich, you will get one.  somebody's baby is gonna walk in on them and say...what re you doin spending my money online again!!!  you better put that mouse down!
@richheart hmmm. those album will sound magic in 24/192, don't worry. ;-)
@rick my kids are all gonna be taking this from me, which is great.  my 13y/o already has a tube pre-amp fed by a nice burr-brown dac.... he says it just feels better!
@don i'm really not fussed. i am very happy to end up with a clear
...more young ppl and i do mean "younger" generation ppl, need to hear the differences.  i dunno, before it's too late, and we all know what we mean here.  it really is up to them too, no matter what.  -as always.
@rich hang tough...you will get yours!!!  congrats @don!
listening to the beatles - 1 (non-remastered) 16/44.1 the 1963 stuff (she loves you.... ) is so compressed, interestingly especially the backing vocals, lead vocal is generally cleaner.  maybe i'm hearing the losses of overdubbing techniques of 50 years ago?
@richheart, sorry you missed it (sort of). i know how you feel, since i fumbled and missed an early bird a few minutes earlier. now i'm glad i missed the early bird.
@creator f#!k yeah!
one oct black is up!
@jonathan gorman https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comparison_of_online_music_stores
@don  good for you my fingers messed up picking up the ny :) it was the only one i think of as the original l.e. else i'll stay on the clear
wooo hooo!  we are only needing 84k per hr....i mean $847+ per hr to hit 6m :)  pono people, please put your shades on...the sun is much brighter at 6m :)
@creator the world sure is a-buzz. i spoke to a few people and i asked them if they had heard of the new pono and they so knew all about it :) quite a wave
@amos kidron - congrats! that was my csn&y, which i just traded for a ny. it took a few steps to get to the neil pono. i'm glad to hear that somebody was as excited to get the csn&y that i gave up as i was to get the ny.
@amos kidron thank you for your support.  you'll be happy to know that many people in the music industry have reached out to us and thanked us for making such big waves.  it has gotten everyone's attention and started conversations in the artist communities and music labels.  conventional wisdom has been challenged and debunked and now everyone is demanding for more.  the cat is out of the bag and the movement has been started.
i suspect the folks at the gym were like, what the f is that, are we being invaded? lol!
@rick and i look forward to hearing neil & old black act out  those giants footsteps in oct!!!
@creator @erast fandorin thank you guys so much for the quality control question on upsampling...i have updated the article with your posts. http://bit.ly/rfjw7l  i am confronted about these sourcing questions every day, so it really lets me make my case. cheers!
@solrac  it's all good, that's called "acoustical reverberation", and naturally, it's the best, anywhere you are, you have been already.
so i rode my bicycle to the gym to work out, and it just happened to be that the indoor full court basket ball gym was empty!  so i seized the opportunity to shoot some hoops.  as i did so, i was thinking about pono and the acoustics in the gym as i bounced the ball.  the gym with its high ceilings and wood floor, the echo of the ball bouncing.  the feel of being there in the sound!  i stopped shooting and started to bounce the ball hard and slowly, to hear the acoustics, trying to get a feel of what pono might bring to the table, the feel of being there in the sound, not at the sound!  as i did so, it reminded me of the end of the song walk like a giant.  when i would bounce the ball hard and time it like some giant dinosaur walking, i thought...this is what neil & the artist that support pono are wanting to share with us.  this feeling, this resonance, the feeling of being there with them.  it was way cool!  and i made a few 3 pointers too :)  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
wow. i never thought that i will be that thankful to an innocent refresh button press. it resulted with my csn migrating to csn&y which for me is the ultimate le. i read a lot of the comments and do not understand why the main benefit is overlooked by technicalities. i am somewhat of an audiophile and have a very nice music delivery system at home that covers all hi-res formats through powerful amplification and very nice large / full range speakers. i could very easily continue with what i have since i love listening to my speakers playing loud. but this is for me not about 192 or flac etc. it is about having an iconic figure in the industry leading a wave of awareness for sound quality to be demanded as a vehicle for this art form. if this will create a less compromising demand for sound production quality then we will all come out winners. this is why i support this initiative and am excited to manifest it with my newly captured csn&y le player. this is all positively good even if not technically proprietary. i am on and can't wait to see what effect this will have on the industry and audience. i just hope that this will not end as an exit plan to be acquired by some other group.
@jonathan gorman i know what loudness wars is about and my question was justified
i can't believe wee willie beat out the (chrome)eagles siganture series. there must be a lot of 'ole texas diehards here.  i know, stir the pot much ?  :)  sry.
@rick gregory yep, also it has 2 outputs, one for headphones, one for speakers, love it
@henry hanna yep, indeed
@jonathan gorman  here's what i like about the 7-year-old ipod classic 160gig, and i, like many others, own one. 1./ "cover-flow" -need i say more ? -i love it. 2./ its general "gui" is bar none, the best of the rest, then and now. 3./ it can do max 24-bit/48khz playback. 4./ it came with a whopping 160-gig hd -nice. but, here's what is now old in the tooth, regarding the ipod: 1./ it can not do flac 2./ it can not playback 24-bit/192khz, ..., or even 96khz  :( 3./ they've sold our souls to the "mp3" lies,..., but what else is new, ... other than that, it's great !
@kinch that site (http://www.lessloss.com/high-resolution-audiophile-recordings-c-68.html) is great! i'm really digging this music.  so jazzed pono made it! i'm not so much into the player as the pono music store and getting artists to release higher quality tracks.
@jèrèmie, in many ways jonathan represents the very people pono wants to rescue... i think neil young's rescue of our musical history and the future of all music is aimed right at the jonathan's - stubborn as they come ! well come october it's all gonna start to change [ i wonder what jonathan's costume will look like on halloween ? ] @peace :)
@erast fandorin we'll provide accurate answers to your questions soon.
@jonathan gorman  i honestly think you've done more, for your $5, in promoting monopolistic, oligarthic-single-point enterprises, like apple, amazon, wallmart, than anyone else here, but do feel proud of yourself. ?  did i say troll away ?
@jonathan gorman jonathan there is no bigger fan of apple's than myself.  i admire steve jobs and jony ive and think of them both as my role models, especially when it comes to elegant design and ux.  i was beyond sad when steve jobs passed away, god rest his soul.  the world lost a genius and apple lost its once-in-lifetime leader. apple has revolutionized numerous industries and more power to them.  but steve never intended to set the standard for all digital music when he popularized mp3s.  prior to apple, mp3s were considered a piracy format.  apple legitimized mp3s by bringing them to mainstream.  in fact, he did save the music industry by minimizing piracy.  but their phenomenal success resulted in mp3s becoming such a dominant format that it sucked all the oxygen out of the room and suffocated hi-res music.  we're here to revive it. but none of this takes away from the fact that mp3s are an inferior audio format for quality.  they are great for portability but terrible for quality.  the same is true for the camera on your mobile phone.  it's convenient and portable and you use it most often.  but you don't use it for the special events in your life like your wedding.  you use a nice slr then and depending on your budget you can spend anywhere from a few hundred to a few thousand bucks for such a camera.  of course, if you can get the quality of a $10k camera in a nice portable $400 camera then you would opt for that more often than not, especially if it's a lot easier to use than the $10k camera. the same applies to hi-res music.  mp3s will always be around for their portability.  hopefully, itunes also offers 24/92 content and people can buy them and play them on their iphones or on our ponoplayers and then judge the playback quality for themselves.  based on over 25 years of doing product design, what i can tell you is that each product has certain design goals and criteria.  a smartphone is designed to be a jack-of-all-trades.  but it will never be as good as an slr camera at taking pictures.  it will also never be as good as hi-res music player at playing back hifi music.  pono and apple's successes don't have to be a zero sum game, as you implied in an earlier post.  there are different utilities for different situations and preferences.
wow, i didn't think my little pledge has made this go past the 6-mil mark.? :)
@erast fandorin hey thanks, for the "faq" link, i saw it before, but glanced by thinking it was just for some digtial proprietary streamng claptrap stuff. so ya, basically, ponoplayer does has a"line out" so to speak, so as to connect directly to my stereo rx'er. ok, thanks again.,
@henry hanna yeah, i watched it, that's what was playing back in my head when @jonathan gorman said that apple single handedly saved the music industry.
this guy has a lot to say  https://m.youtube.com/watch…
kenny rogers pledges creeping back up.....
@ leif rasmussen no need to apologise - i don't feel 'bashed'. :) i just didn't want you to mistake me for someone with much technical knowledge - i just cope with some basic knowledge. skol!
@erast fandorin i'm sorry - it wasn't my intention to bash you. maybe @creator can clarify  that line out from the pono has to go to line in on the amplifier?
i do not feel the need to post very often but the constant debate over pono's musical quality is driving me insane. let's get back to the basics of what neil was trying to achieve "returning the soul and emotion to the music we love, whatever genre. it seems that the are people on this forum who just want to argue the minut detail of technical aspects etc, and we all want to know a little more about the product but whatever the specification ends up does it really matter as long as when we listen to our favorite music through pono it make us feel alive again!!!! i am a firm believe that music stirs our innermost basic instincts, let's face it when we here a certain note or vocal of our favourite track it gives us goosebumps and that's all i want back music that stirs my soul, andi firmly believe is that what neil and the pono team are trying to achieve, so we are either here for the music or not and if not the please go and do something else that will possibly stir you soul. rant over bring on october : )
@jeremie, i do hope so but they are a little leopard-like.
@brian milligan but they can change ;)
my belief is that apple has been bad for high quality music!
@jonathan gorman don't use google, go record and produce some music. you are embarrassing yourself in front of everyone who has actual knowledge on the subject. " and for all you apple bashers, note that bob katz has stated that apple radio's sound check will end the loudness wars. http://www.digitalmusicnews.com/permalink/2013/10/28/itunesloudness you got brainwashed, :( , please stop embarrassing yourself ! a good audio engineer would laugh at you " also why are you responding to non-existent arguments...? just stop dude... you're really bad at this :s ! i wont argue with your last post, like @mobiusengine said, @jonathan < ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- > point
@jonathan, people love music and have always bought it.  economics is a pointer here.  there was always demand for music.  where there is demand, there is supply.  if apple had not existed, the supply would have come from someone else, amazon for example.  apple went for low end lossy .mp3 files, hardly doing much, if anything, for high quality music i own thousands of albums on vinyl, cd, sacd, dvda, bda, and flac.  not one purchase from apple - go figure!
@jonathan gorman, something to take the edge off ok? https://m.youtube.com/watch…
re http://www.lessloss.com/high-resolution-audiophile-recordings-c-68.html vlc is a very handy .flac player if you don't already have one.
don't let it bring you down.... here's some lovely music, free to download. the tracks are in .wav format, so if you have e.g. dbpoweramp it might be no harm to convert them to .flac just for practice. http://www.lessloss.com/high-resolution-audiophile-recordings-c-68.html for fun. look at the prices of the gear when you mouse over the "products" label.
jonathan, please release your early bird player and get a new hobby. no one cares. bye now!
@brian milligan more people but music at apple than any other source.  the music industry was in free-fall as people were sharing music on napster and none of the labels had a consumer friendly solution (don't even get me started on sony's spyware fiasco). the ipod is a product that transformed the music industry.  and for the majority of people, the wolfson dac in the early ipods was better than the one in their cd players. after apple and amazon, the next highest revenue is walmart.  try buying an indie band there. so while not perfect, apple has done more for getting high quality music than any other company i can think of. let me know who you think has done more.
long live pono !!!
@ jonathan gorman some rather inflammatory phrasing on your part: "how can you even dare..." & "unless your reading comprehension is low...". perhaps you ought to go offline for a while & read up on the art of good manners. read up about good communication also.
long live pono
@jonathan gorman  if you had done your homework before pledging in the first 5 minutes of our campaign, you would have seen that we have been very transparent with where we are.  please give risks and challenges section of our campaign page a read. i dare to compare pono to a $10k system because that comparison came from charlie hansen himself, comparing ponoplayer to his own $10k system. if you have been following neil's efforts, you would know that he had no intention of starting his own company.  he met with many influential people to convince them to change their way.   he even met with steve jobs to convince apple to do this.  but it wasn't aligned with their go-to-market strategy.  hopefully it is now.  when neil finally realized that the industry wouldn't change its ways unless he lead the way then he decided to do pono.  trust me when i tell you that the progress we'll make from now until october will blow your mind.  now we have our supporters behind us and it's amazing how many doors the success of this campaign is opening up for us; doors that were previously shut firmly.
@bill yettis if you even understood the "loudness wars" you wouldn't even ask me for a source.  bands (especially ones like rhcp and metallica) choose their mix.  the loudness wars was a drive to increase volume at the expense of music dynamics. but google is your friend, just google loudness wars, include metallica or rhcp and judge for yourself. i love metallica, but they mix to the point of distortion.  californication by the rhcp is almost universally seen as an album that pushed the loudness limits. and for all you apple bashers, note that bob katz has stated that apple radio's sound check will end the loudness wars.   http://www.digitalmusicnews.com/permalink/2013/10/28/itunesloudness
@brian milligan i am assuming you meant me instead of jermaine (lol). to answer your question, yup :d long live pono ;-)
oh, please @mr gorman: would you please just stop your "i know everything better than you" ego trip thing?  do you really think you could convince any of the... right now: 17,470 backers? if you don't like the idea of pono (or neil young as a person, maybe it's just that what makes you be so annoying?) then just go somewhere else to feel better. thank you very much. long live pono!
long live pono!! \m/
long live pono! :-)
@creator, long live pono!
@jérémie blais jérémie, some backers on kickstarter have perfected the art of trolling. it appears to be a hobby for some to back projects for the minimum amount and then spew negative commentary on their boards.  you can actually see this trend by clicking on the naysayer's name and seeing their history.  you won't be surprised to find they've been doing this to numerous campaigns and seem to enjoy tearing other people's ideas down.  unfortunately, for some of the less supported campaigns, they actually succeed in killing them.  fortunately, our support is of historical proportions and all they do is to make our supporters even more even enthusiastic about us.  after all they're pitting their opinion against some of the world's most renowned artists.  it's kinda hard to come out of that smelling like a rose. don't get me wrong.  we don't mind dissent.  it's part of a healthy debate and it can help make our product better.  but dissent with a hidden agenda is just trolling. long live pono!
@jèrèmie, music is art, the muse of it and the beauty of lifted aloft when played just the right way and the poetry of the lyrics all bringing something better to our senses that lifts us all up together as one harmonic gathering of the pagan dance here on mother earth - or rap - but it really does move each and every one of us in ways we love to explore - and thanks for your insight jèrèmie ya got me remember why i love this art form called music @peace :)
@ leif rasmussen don't get technical on me! ian kendrick or others over at the ponopeople forum will be better qualified to answer your question than i am - i am not that technically minded. i don't know anything about riaa treatments of signal. as to the line output signal level, i don't think that's been revealed yet.  @ creator may be your best bet on that, though whether they'll want to repeat the traffic after the headphone level discussion the other evening i don't know! i'm just an interested backer like yourself.
@jonathan : how right you think you are is clear, now go somewhere else to be misrable
@ leif rasmussen don't get technical on me! ian kendrick or others over at the ponopeople forum will be better qualified to answer your question than i am - i am not that technically minded. i don't know anything about riaa treatments of signal. as to the line output signal level, i don't think that's been revealed yet.  @ creator may be your best bet on that, though whether they'll want to repeat the traffic after the headphone level discussion the other evening i don't know! i'm just an interested backer like yourself.
@jonathan, "every song on itunes is above mp3". careful with those apple assertions!
@creator how can you even dare to compare a $400 player to a $10,000 system?  a system is as good as it's weakest link.  i could spend a few grand on a headphone amp alone that should blow away the amp section of the pono.   this is the kind of misinformation and specious argument is disturbing. and unless your reading comprehension is low, you should understand that past music cannot be remastered higher than its source master (older music) and apple has been storing newer music, recorders at higher resolution, at 24/96 for some time. i will be keeping my $200 player because i was one of the first to support this device.  i intend to replace the ipod i use in my car with this.  i'm very happy supporting a $200 flac player. i have also been following neil's pono journey for years.  i'm very disappointed that the player isn't farther along given that he's been hawking it for years as a real thing, not a tbd experiment.   when i first pledged, it was based on a product already developed and i figured the wait time was just to get economy of scale in the production.  now it's clear that you guys haven't locked down specs - but somehow now want to say this will be as good as a mystical $10,000 rig. and who even uses mp3 that cares about music?  every song on itunes is above mp3.  you might as well compare pono to an eight track tape. and just to point out the obvious to those of us that actually care about the music, if you take a cd and rip it to dsd (a format you won't even support) it will not and cannot sound better (though the file will be bigger).
@treatise thank you very much for turning us on to all this fantastic feedback on the fiio x5's user experience.  we will definitely use it in optimizing our own player ui.  i personally am a huge believer in the role of ux in making or breaking a product.  i'm also a huge fan of apple's jony ive who subscribes to dieter rams' design philosophy of "less but better".  much like jony, i believe to truly make uis simple you need to dive deep into the bowels of complexity to understand the zen of the product you're designing a ui for.  only then can you create a user experience that exalts your product to an elite stature . best regards, pedram abrari
jeremie - sorry
@jermaine, i assume you laughed out loud at jonathan's previous assertion that apple single handedly saved the music industry!
@treatise sorry, jonathan gorman really pissed me off, i wish we could filter out the "naysayers" as you people here say, especially if they act like they are trying to teach us something and hurt ponomusic. i'm just confused as to why people are trying to destroy music as an art ( music is awesome )... they are trying to tell us what we should hear, they want to set a standard, but that is just counter-intuitive, that is not how art works. @naysayers just stop posting against music as an art and in favor of music as an industry standard. that's what you're doing, and i hate it :d
@creator, five million nine hundred fifty thousand six hundred fourteen dollars is a lot of pono :)
the cnet article linked earlier mentions fiio's x5 player. i decided against it. there's a massive thread on head-fi.org forums regarding it, and the nerd rage about the ui is of epic proportions. it has "some" shortcomings which could have been excusable in year 2000 (before ipod). apparently great sound, though. this demonstrates pono has a great opportunity to up the game by providing not only great sound, but also a great user experience. otherwise healthy skepticism in the article about dynamic range compression. there was a good suggestion to offer two mixes of the same music. perhaps label them accordingly, so that people who (inexplicably) prefer compressed audio can still get high-res format, and the rest of us get the full dynamic range in the same format. http://www.cnet.com/news/neil-youngs-reality-distortion-field/
@erast fandorin if the amplifier has an riaa amplifier at the phone input, you have to use some other like the line in.  i think the line out of pono is about 0,7v 48kohm?
@jeremie perhaps we explain to you because we aren't clairvoyant, and don't know the breadth of your knowledge. also, just because you know doesn't mean everyone else here knows - this isn't a personal messaging service, but a thread for the benefit of the entire community. over-explaining things for those who don't know what we are talking about with loudness wars hopefully educates them, and helps them understand why high-res format and player by itself isn't enough, and that a good master is also requried. and yes, i have been to a "music concert" like everyone else here, don't be daft. chill.
[...] mp3 or cd quality only. ***
@ rick gregory see the faq section towards the bottom of the home page of this project, section labelled 'how do you use the pono player?'
@treatise dude, i know! are trolling ? why does everyone want to explain me stuff i already understand ? does "loveless" reminds you something ? have you ever been to a music concert ? http://dl.nin.com/theslip/signup , using a compressor as an effect does not give you a good enough reason to put your stuff out in mp3 or cd quality.
@ rick gregory the dac within the pono player does the conversion to analogue itself - you just need to buy a good-quality cable to plug it into the phono sockets on your amp (mini-jack out of player to double phono in for amplifier).
i just want it to sound good when i invest in the new music that pono via pono store provide & when i take the time to rip my own. looking forward to october wide eyed & all ears.
@jonathan, this should help... real nice people over there :) http://www.nusic.org.uk/wordpress/about-2/
@jeremie while i support artist's view, as i mentioned before, dynamic range compression is typically not dictated by artists or artistic reasons in most cases, but for business reasons. my favorite example - and unfortunately my first realization of loudness wars - was rush. their music has quite a bit of dynamic range by its nature (percussion, guitars, bass, voice). nevertheless, if you take a look at dynamic range database for their music, you can see there is a wild variation among their albums, and even different masters of the same album! if dynamic range compression suits the music - nine inch nails comes to mind -, fine, go for it on artistic grounds. but if your music has natural sounds, there's rarely a reason to go to 101db from start to finish. http://dr.loudness-war.info/album/list…
hi ponomusic team: (first i would like to say thanks for responding to my other questions so promptly). i am a recent "backer" of ponoplayer, you know, the one that almost cost as much as my onkyo tx-8050 below, :) i have a serious question below. i'm not sure this is right place to ask for "technical advice", and if not,  please forward the below to someone on the "ponomusic team" who can honestly, and accurately advise the below potential dillemma. i have an onkyo tx-8050 (network) "stereo" receiver http://www.onkyo.ca/products/model.php… the tx-8050 has: -usb-input (can handle upto 24-bit/96khz flac/wav files,...) (the above is where i currently connect my external usb-drive strorage, and/or ipod) -rca phono inputs include cd/phono/tape in/out, game/tv/bd ... -it also has (2) coaxial, and (2) optical inputs... 1./ so basically, how do i connect my ponoplayer to my stereo receiver to achieve the best audio stereo reproduction. ??? what other hardware/cables, ... would i need to faithfully play/use the ponoplayer like i would my cd-player...??? 2./ or, would i need to get a new stereo amp/receiver, that can handle 24-bit/192khz flac recordings. ? i hope that i do not have to do that, but if i do, i will. thankyou.
@ all i think @ creator has said all that needs to be said. don't continue to feed the troll - we don't need a flame war burning up the page.
@bill yeatts yeah, that's just ridiculous.
" by biggest issue is that the loudness wars were started by the artists. arcade fire, red hot chili peppers and metallica want highly compressed songs. " source?
@jonathan gorman, have you ever heard live nusic in your life ?
i'm not in the industry, but from what i've read about loudness wars over the years is that it is not the artists pushing for it - except in rare cases where it actually suits the music -, but producers and labels. this is to maximize loudness on radio play, and cut through ambient noise in barber shops, malls, etc. pono can become a gatekeeper, and no matter who insists on dynamic range compression, pono can just say "no" and refuse to list an album, and i hope they do. alternatively, perhaps they could include a dynamic range metric, so that the buyer can make their own decision. there is already a comprehensive database available here: http://dr.loudness-war.info/
@ kinch creator seems to be thinking the same thing.
@jonathan gorman i have a v90-dac by musical fidelity with a matrix m-stage driving the akg k701, but thanks anyway man. as you can tell, if you know your stuff, i like a low budget setup. still i think the ponoplayer is worth it's price... uh  ? " by biggest issue is that the loudness wars were started by the artists. arcade fire, red hot chili peppers and metallica want highly compressed songs. " what ? so the artist should be limited to play their song quietly, they should be left with awful rules on how they write and perform their songs ? non sense, write some music and go record an album before you come here and act like you know the domain. that quote is why you're definitely killing my vibe.
@erast fandorin your post of a few moments ago directed at jonathan gorman in which you say: "you're starting to sound like a naysayer", seems unfair to me. jonathan is stating the facts, part of which is that there are lossless players out there now, and have been for years, part of which is that some bands have been compliant in compressing the daylights out of their own music. he suggests that people start ripping their cds now, and start listening...in the words of curtis mayfield and as sung by the wonderful eva cassidy: "people get ready there's a train a-coming you don't need no baggage you just get on board"
@jonathan gorman it's hard to follow your logic across your numerous posts. on one hand you're claiming that apple has a treasure trove of 24/96 which they will launch in itunes soon (which we certainly hope is true as it helps the cause and the movement!).  then you quote an article stating that there isn't much content beyond 16/44. if so then where is apple getting theirs?  upsampled music? then you claim that $200 is a price you'll pay for pono but not $400. if a $400 player sounds as good as a $10k audiophile system, which pono does, then in our book that's a bargain especially if it lowers the barrier to entry and brings hifi music to the masses.  as far as the artists having chosen to partake in the loudness wars willingly, perhaps some have. but when 99% of the music sold is as mp3s thanks to apple, even though steve jobs himself didn't listened to vinyl, then the artists adapt to make the most of a bad situation.  if you took the time to check out our artist testimonials you'd see that many of the artists you accuse of reveling in the loudness wars are in fact supporters of pono and a victim of circumstances.  so if you are a true supporter of the cause then help the cause instead of tugging in the opposite direction. if you are not, please release your $200 player and allow someone who is a true supporter to enjoy it. with supporters like you, who needs detractors.
@pono i'm so glad to hear you are taking a proactive and firm stance on upsampled music. i hope this extends to dynamically compressed mastering as well. this ensures that me and many others will be buying music from your store so that we get the best quality tracks - even for those who don't have a pono player. yet.
@ creator thank you for that excellent piece of news - (forgive the pun) that will be music to people's ears. i thought that you would have more traction with the record companies than other sites. (does imitation of tigger bouncing up and down)
@creator @erast fandorin thank you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@erast fandorin: erast we are indeed putting in safeguards against upsampled music in our content ingestion process. we know well about the complaints about other hi-res stores and have learned from their mistakes. we may not be able to dictate the labels but we will be able to filter out garbage. also there are two sides to labels:  the business side and the technical side. we know them both and know that the technical side especially are unhappy with some of the decisions made by the business side (such as upsampling) and will be our allies in correcting this trend. they in fact need a movement like ours to give them ammunition to win the internal battle with the business side of labels.
@ jonathan gorman you're starting to sound like a naysayer. there is a certain amount of naiveté on display from some backers but pono is an attempt at vastly improving the choices available. neil young is right about mp3 quality though, isn't he? he's trying to open some people's eyes to that fact - leading the horse to water.
jeremie  the music is here right now! start ripping your music lossless to your computer and buy a good dac/amp and phones.  hit the used record store and buy some high res recordings and listen. pono is a flac player.  it's not the first and it's not the last.  there are $200 dac/amps that you can plug into your computers usb that will play everything from itunes to flac and dsd. you all have until october / december to get your portable players, i don't know why you would wait that long to hear the music at home or your office.
@ creator / jonathan gorman i also feel it will be vital that the ponomusic store is upfront about the provenance of its recordings, giving year of mastering & mastering engineers, etc., as well as the bit depth / sampling rate. it appears from previous creator comments that the team are thinking along those lines. hd tracks and other sites provide files 'as supplied to them by the record companies'. comments on other forums appear to suggest that some of the files that the record companies supply are upsampled and the company have not been clear about their original specifications. some customers of these sites do their own spectral analysis/dynamic range checks and are not satisfied with the sound of certain albums because of what can appear to be an attempt at pulling the wool over customers' eyes. no point paying premium prices for 24/96 files if all you're getting is actually 16/44.1 upsampled. pono has to work with the record companies and cannot dictate to them. i hope ponomusic will be able to offer sufficient persuasion to the record companies to ensure that files true to the source are what is offered for sale.
@jonathan gorman you're killing my vibe.
dennis you are missing my point. if you are going from iphone to pono player, you will get a better dac and amp, and better sound regardless of where you bought the music.  it's not a good comparison because one is a dedicated music player and the other is a phone, minicomputer and video player. but you will also need to improve your earphones (spending more than the player) and pay attention to the ponos output impedance as it will not match with quite a few phones. and even then the whole pono store is a big tbd.  many of us hate hdtracks because the "hd" recordings are hit and miss, many cases worse than cds we own.  it's all about the master in the audiophile world.  thriller is a great album until you can hear all the distortion that album was mastered at.  it sounds best on radio. i've got a $200 player.  i will take a 200 ayre player every day of the week.  i wouldn't be up for the $400 shiny plastic player that will be prone to warp and scratch.   it's a small gamble for me to spend 200 on a product i will get in october, but 400 is another ball game. for most of you folks (reading the comments) you don't have a home rig and recordings to appreciate audiophile sound.  you should look at  maybe getting a geek-out from lh labs.  that sticks into your computer and plays every imaginable file.  it's shipping now and you can start enjoying music now and not wait until christmas. by biggest issue is that the loudness wars were started by the artists.  arcade fire, red hot chili peppers and metallica want highly compressed songs. highly compressed music isn't bit count, it's about the dynamism from loud to quiet.  the classical and jazz recordings benefit the most from higher resolution. neil attacking mp3 quality is like scorsese bitching about watching transformers on vhs.
@every pagan, pono has begun hra recording outreach here on this forum! recording studios, etc., now have a promoter of the production of hra recordings in the form of the ponoplayer & the ponomusic store! recording artists love the esthetics of a true sound of their work. that hra sound will populate the ponomusic store with new artists & new recordings from every reach of our planet - this pono thing is big !!! worldwide :)
@ jonathan gorman as you observed, steve guttenberg makes some good points in the article some of which you quoted. should apple join the high-res band-wagon as per macrumor's recent postulations, things should very well improve: the more companies, particularly companies with the clout of apple, which see the value of selling high-res music the better. while the big guys are catering for the general market, there will be room for the smaller-guys to look after the more niche aspects of the market. just as linn have been doing very well for the past number of years. they have built up a nice coterie of artists from classical, jazz, folk, rock, electronica etc. etc. those artists stay loyal to linn, i assume because they are well treated by a company that appreciates and values their music, and sees the benefits in distributing that music from cd quality to the highest quality levels possible.
i know it represents different times to neil, but assuming we'll be able to add all ny's albums once we receive the players; does it matter the pre-load?...
same to you solrac! sun god is good!
time to go worship the sun god :)  everybody, have a fantastic hi def, hi res hi feel day!
@smellthehorse  to me they represent different times, with different dynamics, different manifestations of creativity.
@ jonathan gorman i think the reason that neil young has talked about pono providing music in 'the best resolution it can be' is due to those facts mentioned in the article - different bit depths and sampling rates. the early years of digital recording were not hi-res but i believe the pono player will make that stuff sound the best it can - that's part of the pono promise.
@jonathan gorman preferences change from exposure to something better. if subway riders want mp3 no problem, if audiophile want the max resolution it's there. choice is what the pono stands for.
after seeing the csn&y pono, wow!, it's beautiful!!! what is the benefit or draw to the neil young (solo) pono over the csny pono? since both have neil's signature... having stills, crosby, and nash on there would be welcome! i mean; all those guys are amazing musicians! plus crosby is known to be a very tough sig to get.  just seems to me; 4 sigs better than 1. what are y'all thinkin?
@erast wow, i was not aware that it was in blueray!!!  it's sunday i go by solrac on sunday's  it a religious thing...i might be a pagan.
@jonathan you bring great points to consider.  as for me i trust in one hand and verify in the other!  all the specs and articles in the world won't mean pooky poo if pono sounds better and makes people feel better...especially me, lol!  i can hope, and dream...which is a high within itself by the way!  but i won't know until i reach down and touch the ground of reality in oct!  besides, i don't need every song to be in hi res...just the ones i am listening to :)
@ carlos / solrac i did manage to omit the vital fact that driftin' back is about pono, didn't i? doh! i have the blu-ray, know it well.
@jonathan < ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- > point even cd quality sounds a lot better than the quick burn mp3, and everything is supposed to sound better on pono. the source material on the store is aiming to get as close to what the artist wanted from their studio board, even if that sound is a compressed wall of sound.
and that you brought it up...i have to post it!  its a great sunday morning song.  if you watch the kaleidoscope closely you will notice some of neil's equipment...like a 50's fender deluxe!  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@creator @everyone thanks for the great replies. @creator have you decided yet about screen-printing?
a great must-read article for many of you budding audiophiles who are expecting great epiphanies from your new player and the pono store. http://www.cnet.com/news/neil-youngs-reality-distortion-field/ "as for the ponomusic download store, that's more of a mystery. i wonder where all of their high-resolution music will come from. the vast majority of the digital recordings from the '80s, '90s, '00s, and '10s have no higher than 48-khz/24-bit resolution, and that's not all that much better resolution than what we have on cds. there's not a lot of bona fide 88.2-khz/24-bit or higher resolution music to release; in the early 2000s most high-resolution rock and jazz sacd and dvd-audio discs were sourced from analog masters. some sounded fantastic, nearly as good as a well-mastered analog-sourced lp. most high-resolution music downloads currently on the market are also sourced from old analog masters. as for new hi-res music, there's some, but not that much." you cannot go back in history and re-record at a higher resolution.  the well mastered cds and sacds that you pick up and rip at a used store or ebay will sound as good as (maybe better depending on which master pono can license) the pono store. as far as new music, the technology for more dynamic recordings have been around for decades.  but pono supporters like the red hot chili peppers wanted the compression as part of their "sound".  people that listen to music on subways don't want quiet to loud transitions, if they did the music would be produced that way.  it doesn't cost less or more, and most of the recording engineers would love to work their magic. "if the band has enough clout they can make great-sounding recordings and release them on all formats -- mp3, itunes, cds, lps, blu-rays -- they don't need ponomusic to liberate their sound. ponomusic can't dictate sound quality or mastering standards, it can only release what the label or artist delivers. my point is, the record labels and artists could have been making better, less compressed and processed recordings all along; why haven't they done so? the reason that so rarely happens is that the vast majority of bands, record labels, and listeners prefer music the way it is. notice that i left engineers and producers off that list -- i'm sure they would love to make better sounding recordings, but they do as they're told by the labels. the label cuts the check and if it wants loud-all-the-time recordings, that's what it'll get. most people don't like music that maintains its original soft-to loud dynamics; they want a whisper to be as loud as a scream. they want consistent sound volume, which is why music is so heavily compressed. factor in the demands of the multitasking listener, where music is played as background to other activities, and consistent volume is essential. sadly, ponomusic won't change that." i don't want to discourage anyone from joining the ranks of the audiophile community.   we have been frustrated consumers for many years, but the misinformation in this campaign is equally frustrating.   the majority of les were of bands whose best masters will never be higher definition than already produced.  and another hand held player for listening in sub optimal situations isn't going to drive for more dynamics, just better sounding compression.
@solrac: at the current pace we should hit $6m some time on monday. what a huge milestone thanks to all of you.
@solrac: good idea. we'll consider it.
@erast @rich and driftin back is the story of pono.  actually @creator  maybe it should be on every pono player produced.
@nicolas welcome aboard!  i too align with that vibe!
@ richheart maybe one of the songs on the clear music sampler will be neil's 'driftin' back' - at around 27 minutes, that 1 song is longer than the entire 'everybody's rockin' ' album! :) or you might get down by the river, or cortez the killer, or like a hurricane........
@ben  iv'e been practicing my math, lol!  and i see that we now need $1055.58 per hour a drop of 14.4% needed to hit 6m
i am not what we call an audiophile but i love music and i've always respected the fights of neil young through the years to raise the music quality standards. everybody  can just be positivly impacted.  i really like the pono team philosophy. now i m proud to be part of this and i really hope your next years will be as succesfull as this kickstarter campaign.
@richheart: rich. i'm not sure where you got the 10 tracks number from. but we will include as many tracks as are cost-wise equal to two albums. as you individual tracks from different albums are more expensive than a whole album. but you'll be guaranteed a fantastic sampling of songs from various genres.
i remember when we were kids and we dressed up our bicycles to make them our own, to express what we were becoming.  we created back then, and it was pono.  but then someone told us that it was good enough and we were silly and stupid...and many of us listened and became just that.
@rich  that's cool!  you can also add your own flare of creativity to it if you choose as it is a blank/transparent slate and you are indeed a member of the pono people that make this a reality!  old black wasn't born black and as far as we now may not stay black, but what it has become is an entity, a manifestation of consciousness...neil's consciousness!  i personally hope that pono helps to open the doors of joy, creativity & imagination for many in the world.  incidentally, and god rest his soul, that is what sj brought to the table with his creations.
i have a csn&y i'm willing to trade for an early bird if anyone is interested.
@phlanger 1) who said, i am not silly? 2) 1) certainly is the most significant... the others are factors nevertheless
@richheart i hope your reason #1 is enough one because the rest are silly assumptions
oh, and i like so many of the s.e. that i can't decide which one i would really want, so this way i leave that set of choices behind :)
this will sound incredible on pono!  great pup split.  i  have it on blu ray!  and boy can i tell the dif from my icetunes.  but hey, it is as it is...and i am grateful for all that is and me being here to experience it.  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
i am a tad disappointed that the clear, is not a l.e. and it will only come with 10 songs pre-installed, not 2 albums or 20+ tracks, like the others at this price point. i take comfort that the creator is looking into the possibility of screen-printing onto it. i have nonetheless decided to select a clear for a number of reasons: 1) it will be so cool to see the innards (like those watch movements); 2) being see-thru means that they will be visually checked before despatch, although i rely on quality control, even a cursory glance improves the statistical chance of reliablility; 3) being see-thru may mean that connections between components are neater than in a closed unit, reducing risk of micriphony; 4) any december delivery items, have the advantage of any teething troubles having been ironed out during the manufacture of the october series. i will shortly be releasing my csn+y (sole remaining pono) and selecting a clear one. have a clear-pono day :)
let go of a foo's in favor of a pj. happy!
just missed an early bird. to the person who beat me by 1 second, well played... :(
@creator one thing that would be cool, to include with every le a letter from the artist, explaining why they chose the two albums loaded, and which is their all time favorite song.
nice one, solrac-i got one a few days back
one oct yellow up!
right now: listening in hi-rez to foo fighters - (1995) foo fighters (original us pressing) vinyl rip > transferred to 24bit/96 flac. ritalin is easy, ritalin is good...even all the ones that watered down the daughter. epic!
@tyler try this.  there's a firefox extension called check4change that may be useful for those constantly refreshing the page for sold out signature editions. install it, go to manage your pledge, select the text that says "limited (0 of 500 remaining)" on your edition of choice, right click and tell check4change to monitor the text for changes at whatever interval you desire. when a player becomes available it will alert you.
@richheart, looks like alex and peter are different names for the same person.
anyone wanna trade a pj le for a ny & ch le? email me @ duncanjt@telus.net
@jdc thanks for the encouragement. just feel i'm always just a bit late.  heard of a few going up but never on time for me. anyone wanna trade a pj le for a ny & ch le?
@ tyler - there has been a few up today. with 55 hours left just keep refreshing and be ready, there will be more.
@tijn man you're killing me.  serious?  just now?
just successfully changed my pj to the csny pledge i was hoping for... :-d wow, things move fast here (the pj was gone in the blink of an eye)!
two tom pettys up. wow. now if only i could see a pj one.  :(
tom petty le up
when you get weak, and you need to test your will when life's complete, but there's something missing still distracting you from this must be the one you love must be the one whose pono's touch can change your mind don't let another day go by without the magic touch
any guesses on neil's players?  (two favorite albums)?
axel isn't spamming. stop it.
@richheart, pono has become a wonderfully informed forum - yea it was a bit of a ruff ride to get here but i will add that ponopeople has turned into a very cool destination for all things pono - no reason to hash over how we all got here - just amazing the numbers are approaching 6m - @peace :)
@wanda the firefox plugin is great, for all sorts of things, wow!
@axel oh axel i was just thinking how nice it was that you'd stopped spamming.... oh well
which is a the best headphone for pono? discuss with us @ http://ponopeople.org/viewforum.php…
pj up for grabs
@richheart yeah thanks for checking my new website. 8] anyway i've been listening to hirez audio for several years now and it's awesome how pono is getting the word out...for all of us. i wonder when the international news media will report on how good this has worked out. i saw several news stories on the "veronica mars move" taking third place. now we own 3rd place. come on diane sawyer, get with it! hehe
1 foo fighters le available
@christmachine ponopeople get a deserved great mention too :)
the ponomusic team still hard at work. to paraphrase gordon gekko, "sleep is for wimps!" :)
@jw yell: thank you very much for your support.
a couple of good articles on pono and pono music at "audio reference server website" http:www.christmachine.com
what an exciting prospect this is all things considered! i mean the campaign and the entire project. for those of us who took notice of neil's first thought bubble on this a few years ago it's fantastic to see how true it has stayed. i've followed every announcement and i think you guys are spot on in everything you have done player/app/media-wise. go pono!! wishing you every success from here on.
@eugene vivino: yes.  honestly ponoplayer makes everything sound great. the higher the audio resolution the more amazing the sound. 24/192 is the most optimal sound.  but 24/96 is also great. so is 16/44.
it seems in the videos people only seem to like the 192. will the pono also sound as awe-inspiring (of course not to the same degree) with 24/96 material?
@creator, will ponomusic be back on kickstarter with new products ? is ponomusic being groomed for resale ?
@creator those fine words are why the numbers are looking so great.
@creator - and that's why i for one have confidence in what you guys are creating, both from a hardware perspective and from an information (i.e., music as data) perspective. this is going to be a truly fun ride.
@james h. coburn iv we certainly hope that the rumors about apple selling 24/96 content are true.  that would be a win for hi-res music and for pono's movement.  remember our cause is to revive the soul of music which was lost to lossy formats such as mp3. having said that, we don't believe any device that is designed to be a jack-of-all-trades (such as a smartphone) will ever be a master of all.  there are too many conflicting design criteria for a smartphone:  phone, camera, music player, game player, email access, internet access, compact, portable, ...  the electronics packed into a typical smartphone produce too much distortion and cross-feed to produce superior hi-fidelity audio from an hi-resolution file.  going from mp3 to 24/96 will be a huge improvement and a great validation that what we've been claiming about hi-res is true.  it should make the naysayer quiet down and let the movement grow. but pono's goal is to raise the bar all the way to 24/192.  it takes a fine piece of audio technology to playback 24/192 flawlessly.  we believe such a device cannot be a jack-of-all-trades.  it must simply be a music player with one primary design goal:  hi-fidelity audio reproduction.
@ dennis - yeah, anyone who grew up with vinyl is already on board and everyone else (old youth and young youth) will get on board soon. go pono go!
good night all.
88 mmj pono music players! we're moving up! making a last minute surge! come on jacket fans!
@rick gagnon  both old and young can wrap their arms around pono.
@creator thanks.
@dennis lane dennis.  the artwork is not ready yet.  we'll post it as soon as we have it.
@denis - i meant to say - i don't believe for a minute...
@ dennis - i truly believe that this endeavour will make a huge change in the music industry that will catch on as more and more people come to realize what they've been missing all along. i don't for a minute, that 'today's youth' will say, 'thanks but no thanks.' like neil said in so many words, 'they're in their prime - their ears yearn for the quality and when they hear it there will be no going back.' it'll be a renaissance for music, no doubt about it!
we can do 1.2k! an hour :)
@ben ty, you are correct!  i was off by only 900k lol
@rick gagnon power to the music!
@ben, dennis - and just before we hit 6m we'll hit 15,000 pono players sold.
@creator, @ponoteam, will any of the pono's parts be made from recyclable materials? or @kyle french, since you're a liaison, can you ask them if any of the pono parts are made from recyclable materials.  thanks in advance.
very excited to get my hands on my csny pono. i've just seen the photo on twitter, and it is beautiful. well chuffed!
@carlos $15k per hour would be $975k, more like around $1.2k per hour to hit 6 mil.
i could not find the ch le on twitter.
@creator sorry if this has been asked before. is the finish on the le players 'brushed chrome' as the concept artwork implies or a mirror chrome finish?
@bill omand a fascinating quote for the cnn article.  this is in fact true and tells you a lot about mp3s: "steve jobs was a pioneer of digital music," young said. "but when he went home, he listened to vinyl."
@heikki ponoplayer doesn't come with headphones. we're not doing stretch goals.  we're only focused on our main goal of delivery the players and the store by october.  thanks for your support.
@creator, @ponoteam, will any of the pono's parts be made from recyclable materials?
we need a little over $15k per hr to hit the big 6m!!!  fire it up neil!  you know the deal...better to burn out...
mucho gracias senor..o senora @creator ;)
@creator @ carlos. thanks so much!!
@carlos: we'll put pix of the csny and crazy horse les on twitter later today.
86 my morning jacket pono players pledged for now! only 65 hours to go!
@dane i was incorrect on the csny on twitter, there is not one.
@daniel congrats!
@dane i have not seen a nych one here or on twitter but there is a csny on twitter.
just got a csny!
@jdc it's all good man, and from a place of good intention!  the pono team knows where i am coming from.  "@carlos: carlos that's exactly why we limiting les to kickstarter. it's our way of saying thanks to our supporters for helping us launch this company. we're hoping that these will become collector's items and a cherished possession for all our wonderful backers. it also helps make some of the les with lower number of backers to become even more special."
is there a sample picture of the neil young with crazy horse le and the csny le released??
@tjc. thank you. a few people already answered.
@heikki no headphones with this
@kinch and @ed. thanks for the help. i'm not concerned about the headphones just curious as i didn't see it specified.  @peter beck. if your comment is directed at me, i wasn't complaining about not getting free stuff...was just curious as many kick starter campaigns offer additional stuff when they have raised a substantial amount.
@ carlos : a next time so... for the life surprises, that's so true!
@ carlos - that's sad man
@patoche not now, but hey you never know what surprises are waiting for us in this life!
@jdc and were do you see a contradiction with it being about the muse and the signed players becoming valuable, actually i see it as a correlation.
@neil  sj is smiling down and dancing with us...saying those f-ers at the store still don't get it!
@ carlos - i thought you said this was about the music
@manoko intuition!  it's a funny thing when you are right you are a genius, and when you are wrong you are paranoid, lol.  it's not about reason & logic at first.  these great things never are, they are about intuition, the presto..stuff that no one can't see till it makes itself manifest.  it comes out of nothing...no-thing, lol!
@ed i feel you bro :)  it is fun and for the best cause ever.  wow wow wow, who would have ever thunk we were ever going to actually help neil young save the soul of music!  i now  am experiencing one of my callings in life...seriously & joyfully :)  i'm one drop, but one drop i am!  be the rain...be the rain!   https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@carlos what makes you think the le will be "worth a small fortune" ? nowhere can i find on the internet right now people already planning to sell them (with actual prices).
@ carlos : you are not looking for a job?  i'm looking for a good business man... ;-)
come on @patoche show some love to the pono people and buy an le!  folks here would respect and take you more seriously...and you will be jamming out in oct, even as you promote your gadget that will be a keep sake to boot!
@patoche ok :/
@patoche you should buy one of the artist le's anyway, they will be worth a small fortune, not to mention the enjoyment of the muse!
@ jérémie blais : the dac is a little part of dsd system...  ponoteam is clear on this point: their choice is pcm: http://www.realhd-audio.com/…
it feels like the last hours of a telethon :). i circled back to add a pono founders club membership. looking forward to being asked my t-shirt size and june 2014. ed pono music technologist & evangelist  http://www.musicofourheart.me
@patoche with a firmware update, maybe.
@patoche the dac in the ponoplayer can support dsd and it probably will.
@carlos : i would have liked (for the great artists) but pono says no to dsd...
@jacobo read that wrong, thought you had an early bird
@jacobo i've got a pearl jam edition, if interested, send me an email: manoko@hotmail.fr
@patoche  i hope you are pledging for a pono too!
@patoche oh
@ed : sorry for the spam, i am in france and i cannot doing a campaign on ks... @carlos : it is not in competition with pono: it is not a portable player, it is an 'at home' player...
@jacobo i am sure there is a few!!!
right brain...presto idea!  left brain....measure, cut, paste
is there anyone who have an early bird pono who could want to swap for my neil young limited editon?
http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@bill, great find!  as i said the suits at apple have no clue about creating.  at least that is what i am seeing now that sj is gone.  you don't create from the left brain, you create from the right brain and employ the left brain to build it!  the reasoning mind is a faithful servant the intuitive mind is a sacred gift ~a.e.
@heikki with dap's of this or higher calibre, it is not normal to include headphones. the idea is that the kind of people who are interested in listening to high quality music will want all parts of the music playing chain from source to dac to amplifier to head-phones/speakers to be of excellent quality. so those people will tend to invest in better quality headphones than they will get with their phones.
oh my, i think i will sideline my pono for the @patoche lego model...not!
@patoche : hey man, start your own ks project, do not spam here please!
hi music lovers, if you really like the good sound and want a real change, take a look here:  http://www.audio-feel.com soon, we'll make a fundraising campaign (indiegogo) for the first dsd player standalone : the d-play ... stay in tune! musically pat
@heikki : http://ponopeople.org/viewforum.php… is where you questions are answered.
the ultimate easy to do stretch goal... add an extra $5 to any existing pledge and get a ponomusic sticker (or a second one if you originally pledged $50 or $100). come on ponomusic. that's an easy one for everyone! i love stickers!
@bruce tennant @treatise that only makes it worse...  but yeah, rumors, whatever right ? @don storage wasn't a problem at all, also people can listen to music at home... i mean, really there was no good reason for not doing it, other than, " hey we want you instead to keep storing thousands of songs that sound like utter shit because it is in a format that is designed to store enough information for a lullaby or radio ad to sound " . @bill omand "steve jobs was a pioneer of digital music," young said. "but when he went home, he listened to vinyl." no doubt.
yeah! no free stuff! i'll be mad about that! for no extra cost, pono should give me stuff i didn't ask for or expected! damn you, pono.
sorry folks - didn't see the date on this
more on the apple high def project on hold below
http://www.cnn.com/2012/01/31/tech/web/neil-young-apple-high-def-music/index.html
ok, we need $14,247.70 dollars an hour to get to 6 mill
i don't know if i can wait tip october to take a hot steamy shower of ponomusic.  @ creator can i borrow one of your existing pono players until october.  that's what i thought ;(  burrr back to the icetunes  burrr.
@heikki  yes they are giving away a free t shirt for a very very doable pledge of $50.00 to become a founder and get a sneak peak and an exclusive ponomusic sticker!
strict = stretch
no headphones, no strict goals.
i picked up a tom petty today luckily! glad i waited. does anyone know if..... 1-any headphone will be included? 2-any additional stretch goals?  can we all at least get a t-shirt? free advertising!
900k  git er done!
i got my mojo it's called a pono
bigger cut, less volume?
if you didn't git a pono, then you just did a no no.
low-rez didn't happen because people wanted muddy music, it happened because storage was so expensive. an mp3 player with 2gb was pricey. today, storage is getting pretty cheap, but there are now bandwidth constraints on streaming music. as storage gets dirt cheap and bandwidth increases, so will the quality of music (and video). apple will move to hi-res because it's cheap and profitable to do so, especially since pono is doing a lot of the leg-work in educating the market and building demand. it also doesn't hurt that everone will have to buy the same music again in a different format.
i with you. can you tell, i'm too defending pono.
bigger cut per song.
@siltech because there are higher margins on high-res music. because they can get a bigger per song even if they keep their cut at 30%. because they might want to avoid hdtracks, amazon or someone else dominating the high-end market. because those who buy a player like pono have demonstrated that they have more disposable income than your average mp3 downloader, and/or more willingness to spend on music. because they are not the ones who have to pay for re-mastering the songs, so the cost to them for offering high-res music is pretty low (mainly higher bandwidth costs and marketing) - unless they come with their own high-res player, that is. in one word: money. and to be clear, that's one of the big reasons why pono is here. nothing wrong with that.
let us no when it's here. facts
why bother lawrence  with rumours?
@jeremie that was before pono.  apple will do whatever they want to, the saving money bit is bs.  sj passed away and they have been reeling from that.  understandably so.  i personally do not see someone over there that is the hole within the flute that steve was.  they are rare, and do not come often.  neil is that.  it is all about creativity and intention is the lock to that door.  but one has to understand creativity...well not really, but one has to get that creativity is not about you but rather what flows throw you, what animates you.  neil knows this, he says what the f, i want you to feel it, and i want you to hear what i hear.  it's like seeing e.b's or spirits, you don't want to be the only one experiencing it, lol.  apple will git, or they will die on the vine...as far as the muse goes.
recent story on itunes and some hi-rez available in june: http://www.macrumors.com/2014/04/10/high-definition-itunes-music-downloads/
apple will go hi-rez in 10 years, maybe. they make billions on mp3, why change. now neil young has a passion for good music, and wants to share with the world. yes, he has a heart of gold.
lol bruce, good catch
i loved reading
that "apple pauses high def music" link is over two years old.
apples full of it
re: apple pauses high definition. not good for the whole industry but certainly good for the pono music launch.
@don yeah i figured... don't have much hope to get one of those 100 spots. though, if anyone of them is willing to trade his spot for a pearl jam limited edition, i would be more than happy to do so.
is it too soon to call them backstabber ?
http://www.applerepo.com/apple-pauses-high-def-music-project/ wow... what the fuck ?
with my pledge of 300 for a yellow pono and all my contributions to lhlabs for a wave and pulse i will have spent much more this month on audio equipment to call it a early bird christmas to myself.
@manoko: i saw one of those come up during the first week. i think the only way you'll get one now is if somebody with an early bird gets a shot at a ny solopono.
yes, 3, one for road, on for the music-room and one for a birthday-present for my brother, big neil young fan but unaware of this project, so i sponsored one for him, hope i get it in time for his birthday in october
@me thanks, but i meant the 200$ ones ;-) i plan on giving up my pearl jam edition if i can have a spot on the 200$ black ones.
@ed - got pono?
i-pono
all we are saying is give pono a chance!
so is a black!!!
@manoko a yellow oct is up!
alrighty pono's lets have some giggles on this board.  lets come up with some pono mantras!!!  who wants to go first???
come on noe pono people we have got to shake this 895k and git er done into 900k  lets push on twitter, face book and strangers you never met!  go over to your neighbors and ask if they ever considered pono!
@smellthehorse  try this:  there's a firefox extension called check4change that may be useful for those constantly refreshing the page for sold out signature editions. install it, go to manage your pledge, select the text that says "limited (0 of 500 remaining)" on your edition of choice, right click and tell check4change to monitor the text for changes at whatever interval you desire. when a player becomes available it will alert you.
@wanda - i hear you got your csny... good for you.
just got a tom petty le. didn't think it was going to happen. can't wait to hear the pono in action. i think it's going to be as good as advertised.
@manoko good on you!
@james it is not crazy at alli believe that when sj was alive he and neil discussed.
@manoko: i'm so very glad! excellent news.
if u drop it @manoko, give me a heads up please! been refreshing awhile with no luck.  gizow76@hotmail.com a million thanka!
on the fence on jumping for the early backer black pono player if the opportunity shows up... i currently don't have 415$ so even though i want the pearl jam, i might change that. i'll see, thank you again to both of you. :)
i just got a pearl jam limited edition ! :d thank you wanda, thank you me ! :)
james, it's quite clear!
james, there is a clear pono.
will the pono player play nice with the new apple itunes refresh which rumor has it will start selling high resolution 24/96  music files? even if apple starts selling high res files i doubt the iphone or ipod has the guts to play these files at full 96k sample rates. maybe apple is planning on improving the playback hardware too? anyway i was wondering if as crazy as it may sound.  is apple responding to pono? could we see a time when 24 bit 96 (or even 192k) is the standard the norm? http://appleinsider.com/articles/14/04/10/rumor-apple-to-offer-hi-res-24-bit-tracks-on-itunes-in-coming-months. one can hope that pono will have a sweeping influence on the entire industry. btw will you guys please make a translucent and or clear pono? i want to see the guts!!! ymf
anyone else get what they wanted?
@mobius  you got it!
i soooo much want to see 6 million.  i want to hear neil young in media say the words...."the good people of the pono community raised over 6 million dollars!  they posted, they set up support sites, they debated, they tweeted, facebooked, talked about it at work, told random strangers...they did it and we are going to deliver like never before!"
pretty sure if the blue version was released it would sell quite a few units likewise orange or lime green should have done a limited amount of different colours say 200 of each as everyone has a fave colour missed opportunity methinks
so now there are a thousand refreshers looking for neil young and (0 of 500) to change. still comes down to time, place and fastest click.
come on 900k!!!! whoot  whoot!
i am certain if they had posted a led zep le or taylor swift the firefox system would not hold a candle to the human log jam, lol!
it's only a notification system any way, whoever executes first is first!
@don clearly ks servers can handle it since i haven't seen an outage. the few tens or maybe hundreds of people auto-refreshing every minute or so won't make any difference in the grand scheme of things for a rather popular site like ks.
@manoko thank you..they are not my words tho...just passing the bread that someone passed to me :)
@don that may well be, however the use wanda suggests is exactly what firefox want to be able to have capacity for. so they may end up hoping more busy kickstarter campaigns use this :)
@me thank you so much for your kind words. :)
@don: i've been doing this nonstop since yesterday, and i know i am not the only one (i found out about it here yesterday.). it'll be fine.
@don  don't be afraid, its not a good place to be.
@wanda, @me, @etc.: it's great that you're sharing information and tips, but i'm afraid the end result will be an unintentional denial-of-service (dos) attack on kickstarter.
@manoko  try the 3 p's  patience...presence...prepare :)
just let my petty go
@manoko never loss hope, cause life says...your wish is my command!
i let go a pearl jam earlier
yeah thanks, trying to get either a pearl jam edition or an early backer here. i'd love the later but i don't have much hope for it to be available... :(
54001 :)
happy to help. someone here gave me the tip, and it does work. i first got a csn, but i was hoping for a csny. and now i have it! good luck getting the one you want.
have a donut!  how about the one in the upper right corner ;)
@wanda thanks for the tip!
@manoko here you go buddy!  good luck!   there's a firefox extension called check4change that may be useful for those constantly refreshing the page for sold out signature editions. install it, go to manage your pledge, select the text that says "limited (0 of 500 remaining)" on your edition of choice, right click and tell check4change to monitor the text for changes at whatever interval you desire. when a player becomes available it will alert you.
woof woof
ha ha @wanda please don't, it will just jam the network! :)
@jerry it can be done!  you have to have the 4 of them and one of another le. at the last hour have two devices loaded and ready to go. release ny for say a portugal, and immediately pick up the ny with the drone account, repeat the process till all of them are the last pledge of their batch!  if well planned & executed you can wind up with the last of each!!!
@manoko: it's a firefox add-on called check4changes. david bowie's "changes" plays when something changes in the highlighted text. very handy for such an occasion. :-)
@wanda can you please tell us the name of the program ? thanks :)
@wanda enjoy :)
@me let's hope so!
@richheart, i have a program set up that alerts me to changes to the pages (i had one set up for neil young and csn&y.). i jumped on it immediately. i am happy now. i have the one i ultimately wanted. :-)
@brian there maybe those with no intentions of buying in.  hopefully they will see the truth, wake up and buy in!
@wanda you must be fast on the trigger. i was also looking for csn+y ;)
@me  that would be nice if all would have same number would be spectacular couple million to one odds of that happening
i have no problem with real backers who don't want to buy a pono at this stage.  my issue is with posters who seem to live on here with no intention of truly backing the project. before committing, i did my own research into high resolution players compared to pono - there is a solid foundation for my backing of the pono team.  blind faith is not required.
@wanda...watch what you ask for....!
@tjc true that.  how about the ones that wind up with a box set!!!  ny, nych, csny, buffalo springfield & ny!
woot! i just scored my csn&y! to the person who left: thank you.
@wanda some of us who are leaving (for now) have reasons which pono can address during the campaign or after it. therefore it is valuable information for them to make the player and later iterations an even bigger success than it already is. i've said it before: blind support doesn't help pono other than financially, helpful comments on how to make the player and store better do. both have their place and value.
its been my first kickstarter.i've seen lots of bands live over the years...dylan neil..zappa..patti smith.you get the idea.i know the sound quality of music is something mr young has been um...bitching about for years.this takes me back to the old sneaking upstairs to listen to tull after grandma went to sleep.i just want to thank everyone involved with this project.i'm thrilled to be involved myself.thank you pono.
@me @richheart watch portugal and kenny rodgers on apr 15 those will be the prizes of the pono world last backer will make a bundle number 4 of 4 to something like that
2 tom pettys came up...
@me i like portugal and elton john, jackson browne, eagles, buffalo springfield... so spoiled for choice :)
@rich i know portugal!  it's like the stock that the sheeple overlooked and turned into apple or tesla!
@wanda life's not black and white, it's what makes it so colourful :)
@wanda i don't mind, let them stay, maybe the love will change their minds :)
@tjc i have a nych and am watching for a ny too. if clear goes l.e. i will switch to that.  i am tempted by the portugal :)
i also want to be passionately furious at the pono team, but i don't have anything to be mad about! they've done too much to accommodate my pondering spirit! also, the product is too awesome and the offering very affordable. i compliment those of you who are able to continuously find details to be mad about. especially the numerous questions about the numbering of le players, and the thunderous anger that came with it! you're a lot better at finding things to be furious about, i will give you that. i have to leave you now, as i'm going to a chat show to complain about contemporary music and how loud it is - thanks for the notes on that, everyone! i'm mad at you all!
i used to dig picasso!  hey now now, hey now now...now i dig pono!
i'd love it if people who have decided to back out would just leave. we don't really need to know why. it seems like you just want to bring others down. it isn't very pleasant. some of us want to be here, and we are excited about pono. if you aren't, that's ok. just go on your merry way. :-)
@richheart  about 1500 of those likely have two accounts as that is only way to get pono and shirts or posters of the 1003 backers many like me have several accounts waiting to jump on a special limited edition ny pop up
i have had friends that let their kids pledge a buck to ks projects just to experience the process.  we never really know what or why people do what they do, "but if i were you, i would do exactly as you do!" ~e.t.  hey now now, hey now now!
@brian i mulled over that, and decided to put in such a comment in the hopes that my decision and reasons for it will help pono make the player better - like all my comments in this thread. you might disagree with my views, but that does not make them any less valid. some people seem to have this notion that ks is for people with blind belief in a product or a company. that's not the case, and it doesn't help pono at all to make v1 better. i've been reading the nerd rage on head-fi forums regarding another recently released high-res player and its ui shortcomings, and i don't wish that to any company. they are easy to fix (i imagine), but unless you really know what you are doing and listen to your customers and ensure they feel they are listened to, you're in for a world of hurt.
@brian this project is backed by at least 2,500 who have not ordered a pono.  i had 3 and decided to stay with one for the time being.
@brian only backers can post comments
hey now now...hey now now!
i am amazed by the number of people who have made many comments that are not buying a pono.  why waste everyone's time if you're not interested?
@jeremie it is murky and terminology confusing. many people actually mean "dynamic range compression" as mentioned in the wiki article when they talk about normalization - and thus think that mp3gain or replagain is bad, and that it destroys dynamic range and audio quality - it doesn't. but it sounds like you don't make that mistake, and understand what it does, my bad :) here summary: "mp3gain does not just do peak normalization, as many normalizers do. instead, it does some statistical analysis to determine how loud the file actually sounds to the human ear. also, the changes mp3gain makes are completely lossless. there is no quality lost in the change because the program adjusts the mp3 file directly, without decoding and re-encoding." from: http://mp3gain.sourceforge.net/ mp3gain is actually reversible without quality loss, as it merely applies a +/- db tag to the file. this must be honored by the player, though. and if it's not, people with varied music collections listening on shuffle will have to reach for the volume knob after every single track.
@pono thanks for the passionate and detailed reply. on the clear pono, you were looking into signing/numbering/screen-printing. is that still something that might happen?  the compilation of tracks could perhaps offer added value (instead of just 10). how about a track from each l.e. album in addition to the favourite track of each of the pono team?
@ poncelet sébastien go to the home page & down to the faq near the bottom of the page. the section 'what are the specifications of the pono player?' shows what you will get - a 120/240v ac adapter/charger is included. :)
mick m go check pono people org lots of chatting about pono
@jerry: bless your heart. you need help. seek it.
wanda you remind me of a puppy why are you so bitter
this ks campaign has been a great success and ~$6,000,000 will be a fantastic result. i am certain that my pono player will delight me and have every faith in the pono team. the pono team has fielded a huge number of questions, some of which amazed me, with great courtesy.  long live pono!
two tom petty up. (saw pj & nych this morning.)
@treatise https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mp3gain https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/audio_normalization what is it then ? i'm pretty sure i understand what it is...
@jerry pono has said there won't be any more colors during the ks campaign.
@jerry btw it's @creator
@jeremie no, replaygain and mp3gain are most emphatically not audio normalization as understood by most people. they do get understandably confused, though.
i wish they would create a google+ community for pono, perfect place for discussions.
@jerry i'll keep my eye on the project. i'm pretty sure i'll be buying a pono some day. i need to first convince myself that high-res audio is worth the money by proper a/b blind testing, though.
pounce let sebastein  ac adapter it's a usb cable dime a dozen you likely already have one that fits
@treatise you mean replaygain ? it's called 'audio normalization', the ponoplayer could easily support it, i have an option in my ipod that automatically does this to every song.
@pono as far as the blue pono might that happen in next three days or would it make sense for me to cancel current pono can't afford both
some tips for pono from a layman and after reading head-fi forums: the ui is critical to get right. you can have the greatest sound quality out there, but few will buy it (outside ks) - or be able to detect it - if the ui is a pita. you can't have arbitrary limitations on the # of tracks the player can utilize, gapless play must work smoothly, browsing even a large library must be snappy, mp3gain or replaygain support is required by many, battery life must be reasonable, and the player should drive most portable headphones with ease. these are all which should be built in from the beginning - the modern consumer is a fickle beast, and will quickly go to the competition if their pet feature is missing.
what about the ac adapter? will it be a us one? can we use pono wil a eu converter?
@treatise sorry to see you go maybe another project down the road
in the end i decided that i won't be buying a pono v1 for various reasons. main being that there's no guarantee the player supports mp3gain (a must for those listening on shuffle like i do), that i don't know if the expense is justified, and lack of access to the store for me due to my location. there's quite a bit of competition in the hi-res dap space, but most of them suffer from debilitating ui and other issues or outrageous pricing, so there is definitely room for another player. i bought another reasonably priced highres player with a mature ui which i'm very happy with (sony f886). but this is a great project, and has brought interest in high res audio. i'm hoping the main result from this project is that it has renewed interest in better quality audio, and that pono and others will pressure producers to master music so that it has its natural dynamic range intact. 2min intro on what i'm talking about: http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@jerry http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php… " jane (hater): if he is doing so well why does he drive that '89 taurus? " well... there is a concept we call 'economize', it allows to spend your money wisely, check it out ! http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/economize
@jerry: wow, you sound like a fun guy. how about your cancel your pledge and go away? yuck. thanks in advance!
@jerry @jérémie blais @richhert jerry and rich are passionate supporters and are simply expressing their opinions.  we know that all three of you want pono to succeed and are providing us your feedback in different ways.  each and every opinion is valid and means something to us.  we have been very responsive to the trends we see in this forum.  we have adjusted our messaging, our rewards, our product features, ... based on the voices on this forum.  for example, the clear pono was based on a suggestion on this forum.  the fact that it's not limited edition is because haven't we haven't decided yet whether it will be sold in the future.  the blue player we have some special plans for.  so have faith that we're listening to every opinion at the table. just because we thank 17 people on our project page means they're all still actively involved.  pono was founded in 2011 and many people have come and gone who got it to this stage.  we just wanted to thank everyone who had anything to do with us getting here.  the "core team" is the team that is actively at the table now and there are less than a handful of us.  the reason we're not constantly responding to comments on this forum is because during daytime we're building the business and preparing for the end of kickstarter.  at night we read posts and respond to comments.  what our supporters at ponopeople.org have done is to provide a lending hand which we love.  for pono to succeed, it has to be a grassroots movement with support from passionate people like them and you three.  there are a lot of powerful external forces who would love to see us fizzle out.  but with a strong community support we can weather the storms and come out stronger. we've already explained our position on stretch goals.  even kickstarter itself doesn't recommend them.  we have had a tremendously successful campaign but we can't be greedy.  we have enough support to get this company off the ground and our community engagement doesn't end with this campaign.  please hang in there with us and you'll see great things to come.   as always, thank you all for your support.
@jeremie blais  no they did not offer any hats that would have been a nice stretch goal
@peter hope you win the lottery :)
with 3 days to go, my only chance to go to the vip dinner and listening party is if i win the lottery tonight.
almost had a pj pono but someone beat me to it.
@jerry <--- hater
overwhelmed  ha ha ha they have like 17 people on the team and only 5332 comments they only made 304 comments replies that's like 20 replies per team member they totally missed the boat on stretch goals and what it could have been the concept and the design takes a certain amount of time the difference in 800000 vs 5888285 is a capacity to build issue and has nothing to do with being able to produce the product not pushing for more is beyond any logical reason anyone can come up with i am looking forward to getting my grateful dead pono but would have easily put up for a numbered clear or the mysterious blue pono as well this could easily have been a 20 to 30 million project and had more backers 17000 backers is not much for apple to worry about
@redwood in spirit, i'm definitely with you. more for seeing this successful. i disagree with you on specifics but prefer not to nit-pick.
@ richheart i think you're being slightly unfair to the pono team here. i've said it before – i think the team has been overwhelmed by the response (with the low initial target indicating they thought it would take much longer to get sufficient backer numbers to raise the funding). they've suddenly got a fantastic response but can't just increase the team numbers to match – getting quality personnel takes time. they've ended up in the eye of a cyber-hurricane. instead of having limited comments/queries to deal with, they have vast numbers and there is quite a clamour! i would think this is why they go via kyle and the forum, because it's easier to deal with one person collating questions than dealing with thousands wanting or expecting individual replies. personally, i also think they've brought up too many les and diluted the offering a little - distracting some people who have gotten like kids in a sweet shop. too much choice can sometimes be a bad thing. just my personal opinion. i don't think the team need to offer stretch goals – they have a large amount to achieve and have sufficient supporters to get there. let them get on with it & produce the players and store to meet the deadline. that is the goal to achieve. there will be rewards down the road for supporters i'm sure – unexpected gifts are surely the best kind. stay righteous.
it has been said before. this campaign is so successful that it is difficult to see how much support the pono team has dropped through lack of/slow interaction/stretch goals.  over 15,000 units might sound like a lot, and this is only the start. somewhere in there is a sense that pono don't really care that much what we have to say. we are less backers and more punters. there have been updates when pono have stayed off-line for nearly 24 hours and questions just get swallowed by the newer comments. kyle and ponopeople have managed to tweak pono's interest in what we have to say, good for you kyle :) i still can't help wondering why it didn't come from pono? i am staying in for my pono, i would have liked a clear l.e. but just a clear? i think i'll take a more valued pj (what i am holding at present) unless i can switch it for a ny. in the words of blur: "i'm a professional cynic but my heart's not in it."
it is sat morning!  please have a donut :)
come on six million!
too bad sd's are not in the shape of a guitar pick, that would be cool lookin!
@dennis @creator that sorta crossed my mind but in the backer kits.  have all of neil's albums to date one sd non ereasable and the sd label would look like a tiny album cover...they might even become collectables.
another idea would be for the pono store to sell custom preloaded micro-sd cards. purchasers could select their music have it downloaded at the store and only have to insert it into their pono player when it arrives. the store could buy the blank cards in bulk, lowering cost, and very cheap to post. it would be a win win for all.
@darren @creator  you have an excellent idea!!!  they can do it with what is called the kickstarter backer kit.  they can do add ons after the campaign ends and you just update the amounts on your credit card at the time of backer kit purchasing of items (albums)  while pono might not have the full store surely they can get the artist albums from the ones who support.  i can tell you that there are many of us...if not most of us that would buy albums at this point (pre-purchase point.)  it would be great for pono as it would give them additional cash flow earlier.  neil & the management should move on this idea very quickly, to capitalize on the last hours, i believe it would boost the remaining player sales too. great idea!
poor old kenny rogers only 3 backers , they will be wort something one if thats all thats gone. i was lucky was trying to get the last metallaca le and got it . i hade a idea for the backers that wont have the store open where they live , could we buy pre loaded albums on the pono , before it ships as we could be left whit no store for a wile ,
having read @matthew clarke's comment, i agree that sending back a pono player to get new batteries would be against neil's ideals in which we need to be earth conscious and environmentally aware.  @creator, @neil young,@ pono team, are any of the pono's components made of recyclable materials, i.e. case housing, presentation box, plastics, etc.?  if not now, perhaps future generations of pono players can have replaceable batteries where we can replace them ourselves.  i believe in pono and of course, i believe in neil!
@ponoteam, @bryn griffith, agree !!! @mathew clarke = most intelligent tech post to date !
@matthew clarke (posted 9hrs ago). i completely agree with your comments on the battery and environment. hopefully the team will taker this on board.
@wc - outstanding post!
neil young - all gone neil young and crazy horse - all gone csny - all gone csn - all gone pearl jam - all gone tom petty - all gone foo fighters - all gone metallica - all gone patti smith - 451 backers james taylor - 440 backers herbie hancock - 380 backers norah jones - 358 backers red hot chili peppers - 347 backers beck - 344 backers willie nelson - 343 backers dave matthews band - 314 backers arcade fire - 302 backers the grateful dead - 270 the eagles - 223 backers buffalo springfield - 198 backers jackson browne - 183 backers lenny kravitz - 120 backers my morning jacket - 84 backers elton john - 82 backers zz top - 57 lyle lovett - 53 backers tegan & sara - 51 backers emmylou harris - 35 backers kings of leon - 28 backers portugal.  the man - 5 backers kenny rogers - 4 backers
whoops, ignore my last post.  the 16 ohms was the input impedance of the bundled earbuds with my player. looks like ipods have an output impedance of 5 ohms as well.  i'm not sure what to think now!  i'll probably keep my pono though.
@dan scott, if? neil got his hands on a tiny glass prism [ refracting white light onto a wall = rainbow spectrum of the eight colors projected on & off the wall ] cemented the tiny glass prism on top of an electret microphone with some silicone flexible sealant & reverse wire it to the audio out [ without degrading the output ] inside the pono clear the result should make the tiny prism move in consort to the rhythm of the music playing on the pono clear. placing the pono clear to accept a white light source [ sunshine flowing through some summer window ] into the tiny prism now vibrating to the audio output ... and thats a dancing eight color spectrum hippy moment !!! pono clear dancing color would be sooo neil young & of course listening to pf is the max :)
elton john is catching up with my morning jacket.
so kenny rogers and portugal the man are neck and neck.
the british are coming. the british are coming. nite all.
wow - 1,000 $5 backers. now there's a milestone!
all quiet on the northern front...
most regular headphones come in that range impedance. once you jump from some higher end impedance models you will really see some difference in your music. not sure if 96khz will show a impact but i use a geek out for my higher impedance headphones.
@ benjamin - yes i know, it is completely odd.
after doing some reading, it seems most mp3 players (and phones) have output impedances from 16-32 ohms.  the one i currently use has a 16 ohm output impedance, and everything sounds great. i still don't fully understand the science of it all, but i'm a bit less worried.
i wonder why the artists who have le players haven't advertised them on their websites/facebook pages...
@siltech - re; 0.26 ohms. sure seems that way from what we've been reading here but not if your amplifier is designed to work at that impedance with whatever headphone is plugged into it. go look at the reviews for the xv. you won't see anybody saying, "it was great - it just didn't work with my (high/low impedance) headphones." trust the ayre design team to be experienced/smart/savvy enough to build a portable music player that will work with your headphones whatever those headphones may be.
likewise!
i'm sure ayre electronic engineers, no what there doing. there company sells ultra hi end audio. i'm personally comfortable with their final design, and decisions. take care all, and good night.
like i said a while back, i don't care if it has a banana in it!  if it sounds better then my icetunes, then i will be filled with joy :)
@siltech i understood.  well, it's hard to unscramble an egg and the spec talk has become a diversion away from what neil is trying to do.  i know neil is a control freak...and he better put his freak on and keep this baby on track.  to the hell with a bunch of specs.  i want to hear it!  if it sounds better than what i have, then great!  if not then not great.  but the majority of the people that neil needs to hear music on pono don't care about the specs.  if it sounds good then the specs are good.  we are not going to build them, we just want to hear them.  the only spec i care about is the spec i hear on that old black guitar when i hear it on pono.
0.26 ohms seem to low
here comes rick
i mean should have waited. long day man.
re: output impedance - remember that fiio xv discussed by jonathan gorman yesterday about the same time? basically, a fantastic player was the gist of what he said with well documented specs. well, that unit has an output impedance of 0.26 ohms! hmmmm... i sure hope tomorrow's discussion isn't about how much lower pono's impedance should be!
@me i agree with you 100%. in my opinion, they shouldn't have  waited, until product was released.  this one spec, has given concerns to many, including myself. i want pono to succeed, and not lose any supporters.
i like @rumbleforge's idea for the random album/playlist mode, too. i think they're worried about making it more complicated, so they'll keep the same number of buttons, jacks and options that they have planned now.
@rumbleforge - i prefer to listen to whole albums as well. good call.
unlike other portable music players out there, i really hope the pono will have the ability to play full albums sequentially, in random order.  as in, randomly picks album, plays it entirely, randomly picks another album, plays it, so on and so forth.   at the very least, allow the creation of a "random playlist of playlists" so we can create a playlist for each album, and then have the pono player randomly pick playlists to play.
@siltech i agree they shouldn't have said any of it.  they were towing the line well enough as it was.  bottom line, they are not even close to final specs & test.  i know that they are working to address concerns from backers.  sometimes you have to do as sj did and say "the customer doesn't know what they want until we give them what they want."  but let's be clear, sj also did not know what the customer wanted.....until he received it.
@pono i own one of the le, and have to buy headphones. what is the ideal impedance range for headphones, to match 5 ohms of headphones amp out? thanks.
pono shouldn't have mentioned the 5 ohm spec. alot of people seemed concerned, anyway, is the output thru micro mini jack, true balanced? also, what is the fixed milli-volt output, of micro mini out? thanks.
@dmn - you probably want to be over 40 ohm
my iem's impedance are at 100 ohm's, so i hope to be ok.
follow the sound, not the light, this is not a horror story but an awakening. have headphones will listen! good night all.
hmm, so i'm a little concerned.  i use westone 3s, which are earbuds with a 30 ohm impedance.  realistically, am i going to notice distortion / inferior sound quality?
neil young is the lion tamer of feedback
@geoffrey alderson you're more than fine, general rule is 1/8, so with 5 ohms theoretically 40 ohms minimum for headphones is ideal. however headphones are less effected than iems that uses multi balanced armature driver types. so even if your headphones is 16 ohms there is less concern unless you mainly use those iems. don't have to follow to strictly, i think 1/5 is also fine. if pono is at 3 ohms i wouldn't mind as much as my iems are at 15-16 ohms.
neil is my best friend when it comes to music.  so yes indeed pono will be in oct!
listening is sometimes more important than debating. pono will be your best friend when it comes to music.
i'm just glad neil is heading this up.  actually if he wasn't i might not be so inclined to participate, but i trust him with the muse.
how many times do the pono creators have to say that all headphones will sound better?
listen and you will hear...argue and you will lose the most important elements. go pono!
ok, i understand next to nothing about ohm impedance.  with the pono player being "roughly 5 ohms output impedance" if i own a pair of 600 ohm headphones (the beyer dynamic dt 990 premium 600 ohm headphones to be exact) am i good on just using the pono player and these headphones as an on the go portable unit? or would i need an external headphone amp to "drive" these headphones with the pono player to play it in a portable fashion.  thanks!
the negative feedback discussion in update #24 was not encouraging, as it indicates 1) that the output impedance of the ponoplayer will be rather high, and 2) that a nuanced understanding of feedback on the part of the pono staff is absent. see the below link for some feedback pot-stirring from bruno putzeys. cheers. http://www.linearaudio.nl/linearaudio.nl/images/pdf/volume_1_bp.pdf
watching neil young journeys in blueray!  great sound :)
csn available
i love this song!  neil, crazy horse & old black are totally singing about the situation!  yes, old black is an entity!  one to be reckoned with :) https://www.youtube.com/watch…
tom petty available
@me thanks! thrilled to bits.
@wanda  good on you!
guess who just swooped in and grabbed a crosby, stills & nash when it became available. this girl. so thrilled! :-d
@matthew clarke yes please.
@don design-by-committee usually produces the least common denominator of all opinions at the table and not the best product.  but with a brilliant chief architect such as charlie hansen, you can create a masterpiece.  trust us when we say you won't be disappointed with your ponoplayer.
@johnw yes, i understand. headphone choice is going to be important; i believe ponoplayer will compliment many different headphone types. i have been doing a lot of research and have decided to go with ponoplayer as my choice of hi res digital music player. i have pledged for two players, one for myself and one, a gift for my husband. he is one with quite a few gigs of music and we have been watching and listening to neil young for years. i believe he will bring us the best player for our music. so i do have faith in his choices for the ponoplayer. headphones are just one of the many aspects of this new journey. did you see the picture of the ponoplayer in this article... http://www.audiostream.com/content/sound-pono check out the amp and the speakers in the picture of the ponoplayer on the desk! i love that picture, it is so simple and it says so much. and then too, there is the sound of the ponoplayer from the stereo speakers in our cars! so, i can't wait to go on this musical journey. why don't you come along and go with all of us! ps i don't work for ponomusic...i wish! :*
@deny please see update #22.  the le artist series are exclusively for kickstarter.
my electrical engineering was only "current" back in the days of tubes (sorry for the horrible pun), but when we had to match impedance, we would build a simple l-pad (i think that's what we called it). it was even possible to build one with a switch for multiple impedances (so we could hear what the music would sound like on car speakers, for example). why couldn't pono have a switchable output impedance, and make everybody happy?
@matthew clarke we'll take your feedback into consideration.  thanks.
further to my recent comments - the team has addressed the issue further in update 24, just posted.  it's a little over my head (as i mentioned, i'm no engineer), but i think i'm staying in. if the worst comes to the worst, i can hook up my portable amp (bought a couple of years ago to bypass the horrible ipod amp) to the line-out, and still be about as portable as my current set-up.
@jussi myllyluoma the limited edition series are mostly american artists because they are all in neil's circles of artist friends.  we needed to obtain permissions from each artist and it's a lot easier to do when you know the artists.  but make no mistake.  we plan to expand our music store internationally, in europe, japan, southeast asia, ....
johnw ,,thx for the info it's about time i caught up with the physics side of sound i want to make sure i get to hear the best that pono has to offer
everyone please check out update 24 for a more detailed explanation of our position regarding the output impedance.
anthony - under the "8x" rule of thumb, 34 ohms is marginal, but i suspect you'd be ok.  the problem is worst with balanced-armature earphones (most of the "stick 'em inside your ears" variety), because the impedance is not constant across frequencies.
i have a pair of bowers and wilkins p3 headphones which are 34 ohms impedence will these be good enough or do i need to upgrade for pono you guys will know better than me !
@john - sensitivity is as important at input impedance. see link. http://www.head-fi.org/t/587289/head-fi-psa-the-impedance-of-a-headphone-is-not-how-hard-it-is-to-drive
i love myself.
sounds to me like the great majority of headphones will work great! besides, there's plenty of fantastic sounding  (and inexpensive) headphones out there. maybe john could pick up a spare pair for his pono and save the iem's for what he's using now-the more the merrier! get your pono on, dude!
@john w output impedance – it should be less than 2 ohms to provide the correct bass damping even with 16 ohm headphones and avoid frequency response problems. output impedance differences account for most of the variations in sound quality people hear between different headphone amps and sources.
the team has promised clarification on the output impedance: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1003614822/ponomusic-where-your-soul-rediscovers-music/posts/807924#comments - so i'll wait and see.
@john you are correct, ideal input impedance should be 1/8th.  yours should be 2 ohms. take care
the best power transfer occurs when driver and load impedances match. if headphones where better standardized, you'd want that. but since they're not, you want your driver impedance lower than than the headphones you intend to use. when you try to drive a higher impedance headphone from a lower impedance driver, there's a chance you driver may be voltage limited. the power in anything is current x voltage, p = ie. the e there in a voltage-driven
@johnw, then cancel your pledge and move on. to each their own.
lisa, i'm not an engineer, but my understanding is that 5 ohm output into 18 ohm earphones is going to prodoce distortion.  (see here: http://nwavguy.blogspot.com/2011/02/headphone-amp-impedance.html)  i'm sure it will sound fine on a lot of full-size headphones, but not with what i'd be using.
neil really does feel the music. that is one thing i have always noticed about him when he sings and plays. i'm sorry, i've got to go listen to some music now!
@johnw don't bail, you will regret it if you do! 5 ohms is going to be perfect! 5 mil, 850 thousand 3 days to go ;-) http://radio.com/2014/04/11/neil-young-interview-pono/ go pono or go home!!!
how about if after the kickstarter campaign is finished all the remaining les not claimed are built (without laser engraving) then they can be sold as a normal player in chrome through the pono store until sold out? marked in some way so that it can be identified to stop fraud and keep the value of the original le.  maybe with the pono logo.
next to sell out?  patti smith? james taylor? pono clear?
dear pono team, your most recent update mentions that the design of the pono player isn't finalized yet so i'd like to respectfully request a couple of features. 1. please make the battery replaceable by the user and not require it to be sent to you. in an already cavalier country as regards climate change, please don't add even the relatively small amount of carbon into a taxed ecosystem shipping the player to you for battery replacement would cost. 2. further on batteries: if possible please design the power supply so when it's plugged in it will bypass the battery to power the player instead of redundantly cycling the battery and using up it's limited charging cycles needlessly. lithium mining is an under-reported area of environmental impact, why be a part of the willfully wasteful tech companies that don't care about the hidden costs to everyone's bottom line? i don't know that this feature is even possible as i've never seen it in any product but it seems a reasonable and wise idea to me, maybe a manual switch that would direct the electricity to charging and then could be switched to direct the electricity to powering when the battery is fully charged (requiring a minimal amount of attention from the conscientious user.) take my suggestions for whatever you find them worth but in my mind anyway i'd like to keep the love of music embraced in the larger love for this fragile dream we have found ourselves in and over which we have crowned ourselves king or caretaker, either is our choice. i apologize if i've misunderstood any aspect of how batteries work. thanks for listening, and for the music.
ff up
thank you!
anoushka shankar
anushka
ok i'm not leaving the office till i see an 850k  i'll just sit here and listen to my icetunes.
come on 850k
@claudia back at ya!  hey we are going over 6 million, i can feel it in my bones!!!  hey neil how about a live 10 min live video blog near the end…pick a couple questions and give us,  your pono team a word up!
@kyle, i would still prefer bob and phil's signatures. but to each their own.
re: band logos.  the grateful dead pono is gorgeous... do you all realize they'd try to stack upwards of 10+ signatures on that thing?  no thanks.  the steal your face logo is classic and is the absolute best option for a dead le, jerry and pigpen's absence via death notwithstanding.
@jussi myllyluoma so far, pono seems to be going for inclusion, not exclusion.
in one of the update threads, an interesting question came up: among the signature editions, there is a heavy preponderance of american artists. same among the artists who endorse the ponoplayer in the video. is this a premonition of what the reality will be in the ponomusic store, as well? for music fans who have four european and seven japanese artists in their record collection for every one american … will ponomusic have anything to offer?
@william - sorry, my mistake. was thinking of buffalo springfield. only 3 sigs on that pono when they had 5 members.
lawrence, there are pictures on the pono twitter feed
question on the eagles... are all the band member signatures on there? or is it just the 3 that are visible in the picture?
@creator - request if a group has a special logo, e.g., grateful dead, zz top, go ahead and place that on one of the sides of thde pono. but, please, put the signatures on all of the artist le ponos. that's what everybody really wants! they are called artist signature series, and those who purchased them purchased them with that in mind.
there's a firefox extension called check4change that may be useful for those constantly refreshing the page for sold out signature editions. install it, go to manage your pledge, select the text that says "limited (0 of 500 remaining)" on your edition of choice, right click and tell check4change to monitor the text for changes at whatever interval you desire. when a player becomes available it will alert you.
@lawrence, right, but two main ones aren't!
@wanda - agreed about about the gd. but about half of their members passed away by now... so the logo use makes sense. plus, they couldn't put all their sigs on there anyway... not enough room!
sorry, but i am so happy, i have to share it! *hugs everyone around*
@lawrence, i thought about the grateful dead until i saw it was just a logo. why  no signature from bob weir or phil lesh? bah.
i would buy the zz top if it had the signatures instead of the logo. me thinks that's kinda lame.
if portugal the man puts out killer music in the next year or so, those five will be worth a small fortune.  he does have some very interesting dynamics in his muse.
i bet you when they come out and folks hear how good it sounds they will go for double…especially the le's
@lawrence, all jokes aside, i'd definitely be up for a swap. i like the eagles, but it doesn't appeal to me the way the csn and csny do.
just set it up with another email.
joe walsh rode it hard and put it up wet back in the day…and lives to talk about it…what he can remember,lol.
@carlos - i was thinking about opening another ks acct and pledging for another pono at $400. then i could use that acct to try and secure the ny. if successful, i could make an arrangement with wanda to get her my csny.
to me the eagles one is way cool!  loaded with talent!  rock & roll hall of famers.  love joe walsh, hell of an artist!
@lawrence, i'm not sure i'd give up a ny if i got it. hahaha! but i'll certainly go for it if i see it, and we can discuss later.
i believe so down at the bottom right of the manage your pledge page there is a small link…i have never done so.  but that is what it looks like.  but why would you want to do that?  these things are going to be incredible and any of these offered at ks will be worth more after this closes.  also neil is also on buffalo springfield.  good luck :)
@wanda - what do you think about trying to grab the ny, too? i could switch with you csny for the ny after we get them in oct. or did you also want the ny?
@carlos - technically, i can delete my pledge entirely before this thing closes, right?
it's only money…they print more of it daily :)
a box set of ny, buffalo springfield, csn&y & ny & crazyhorse would be cool!
practice a couple times and cut out unnecessary steps.  that way you don't go into shock (few seconds) about one actually popped up and the brain is ready for action because it's been there before!
@carlos, right, and i'm perfectly happy with that. but to have a csn or csny would be pretty great, too.
the cool ting about the lovett one is that the total will be in the 50's  that is pretty limited!!!
do it while your in the manage pledge screen and keep refreshing...that how i got  ny.
csn, not csy. i'm too busy refreshing to write properly ...
5 ohms output impedance?  that's disappointing to put it mildly, as it's unlikely to play well with ny 18-ohm iems.  i could connect to a portable amp via the ine-out, but tha's going to affect portability.  i'm considering bailing.
who needs sleep..you can do that when you die!
@carlos, i already have a lyle lovett (whom i love), but i'm aiming for that csy or csny.
the 3 p's!  patience…presence…prepared :)
the deal is to have one already pledged at $400.00  if possible one close to the one you want and refresh from the manage your pledge screen.  2 clicks and you are in!
@wanda - yeah... i was peeved, and now have a touch of the ocd about it!
@lawrence! oh, man! that would make me a little crazy.
i expect that even a couple of ny's will be released…maybe not though.
@wanda - i saw a ny pop up a few days ago, but wasn't prepared for the second "confirmation" screen you get after switching. i stopped for 10 seconds to read it and then got "choice unavailable." d-oh!
@carlos, i'm already on it. that's exactly what i've been doing. thank you!
@wanda if you align the csn&y and the csn blocks and refresh from there you will see them when they come up, from there jump to manage your pledge and get it.  one will surely pop up in the next days as folks adjust their pledges.  good luck!
@lawrence, i hope you land it, then i can land your csny. :-)
@wanda - i have the csny, but looking to land the immortal ny
i keep hitting refresh! feel free to let me know if you have a csn or csn&y, and you are going to change your selection.
@mizuho nakayama  well done!
one oct black is up!
@mizuho  congratulations!
5 z out. not good enough. portables should play well with all iems.
great summary william
mel, i agree with markus' post below, i think this was mentioned quite early in the campaign on the comments board.   probably a fair few pages down by now i should think, you can search through the comment shade by the creator but think they included this as one of the reasons that the reaction video clips were chosen on the ponomusic site i.e. as they show the player being used with a wide variety of headphones and this is also touched on in the faq on the homepage........ - i'm an audiophile. explain what is so special about the ponoplayer technology? the output buffer used to drive the headphones is fully discrete so that all individual parameters and circuit values and parts quality can be fully optimized for the absolute finest sound quality. the output impedance is very low so that the ponoplayer delivers perfectly flat frequency response and wide volume range using virtually any set of headphones.
we have to keep in mind that ayre is not going to screw up their reputation by having anything less than excellent for this product.  they will not set themselves up to be a reason it "failed" i am sure.  but the articles are great reads if for nothing else than learning more and enjoying the hobby!
@markus brenner output impedance doesn't affect headphones as much as multi balance armature drivers type which are mainly found in iems. a good example would be ak100 which has 22ohms impedance. the effect on these type of iems is well known in the head-fi world. i used to own one, so i know as well how high output impedance can affect these iems.
@kyle, oh. disappointing. i wish i'd been watching then. :-(
interesting article about headphone impedance.  if i understand it correctly, my bose qc15 have an impedance of 73 ohms, so i divide that by 8 and get around 9 ohms.  so the recommended headphone source should be less than that. the pono at 5 ohms should be good with those headphones right?
@wanda you just have to go grab it, unless somebody else hasn't already.  'manage your pledge' option. i'm no longer  reserving these to coordinate with other pledgers.
thanks god！ after 7 days&nights watch since i mistakenly changed my pledge, i finally found nych open up. and successfully changed back from csn to nych now. thanks for those who advised me not to give up. thanks!
@kyle french, i'm very interested in the csn. how does it work? please let me know!
@markus brenner: good article. very clearly written. http://nwavguy.blogspot.com/2011/02/headphone-amp-impedance.html
@david liew: i am not an expert, but it seems to me that you have to be very careful when comparing output impedance (at the pono player) with input impedance (at your headphones). sometimes "less" can be better. i found the following article quite enlightening: http://nwavguy.blogspot.com/2011/02/headphone-amp-impedance.html without being an electrical engineer, i believe i trust charlie hansen of ayre on this. misconceptions of electrical specs is probably one of the reasons pono music didn't release too many specs so far.
1 csn available
@andrew just have to keep checking.  the december/october shipments, from what i understand (could be wrong) will not be any different.  they just need to makes sure production can handle the commitments for october.
question:  will the players in december be the same as the players released in october or will there be changes to the specs? i have a csn coming buy would prefer ny & ch.  what's best way to see if any are released, just keep checking?
to find answers to some of the questions that have been asked reguarly, regarding the clear pono (casing materials and the sampler included), head over to the forum. http://ponopeople.org/viewtopic.php…
5 ohms!!!?? that's the output impedance?  have you guys thought about the people who uses iems which are usually at around 15-16 ohms? looks like i'll be dropping my backing soon..
@gary craig  'number 5's alive'  :)
@elizabeth 'number 5' s alive...;
@elizabeth 'they don't call it a ;campaign' for nothing'...like the sense of humour. onwards and upwards. 'over the top ,lads(....and lassies).
@kyle that's understandable.thanks!
you can always post your request for other backers to perhaps perform a swap or trade on the forum dedicated to these things too.
@c. yee the pjs are hard to come by, no doubt.  as well as the nys.  i haven't seen any of those available in quite some time.   i'd love to help but at this point i'm backing off of such endeavors, so to keep the spirit of the campagin alive and well. i'll keep my eye out an dif i do see one pop up i'll announce it like a lot of the backers are doing here.
@kyle can you help me with swapping for a pj le?  i have a tom petty (which is my 2nd choice and i will keep if no pj comes available) but i'd be happy to release that one if i can switch to a pj instead.  i also have an october release black pono which i'll be happy to give up to anyone you know who is waiting (it was for my boyfriend's dad but he changed his mind).  otherwise i'll release that one into the wild by tonight.
@gary craig i really thought the donations would be close to 8 mil by now? i'm very excited for my ponos and won't be dropping any in the end but...i don't think the creator has much ks experience and they don't call it a "campaign" for nothing. to push for donations and positive energy, you really have to keep everyone excited and invested with updates, and anecdotes etc.  maybe a cool bio about portugal the man and i would have one of them reserved too. i don't know... very silly reference but i feel like the robot number 5 in the movie short circuit, "more input!"
6.5 mill is my guess.
anyone have a premonition as to the end total? hard to know when so many will be dropped and hopefully picked up by others at end. think neil will be chuffed, with a 'told you so..' for the naysayers. i had hoped he would see it get to $8million, to give a tenfold return on his goal.
3 days and counting.
@frank not yet as far as i know.
are there pictures of the neil young with crazy horse le pono? thx
if you're gonna do it; do it right! i think uncle neil would agree. best t-shirts for the $$$. american apparel tri-blend's tr401 all sub-pop's t-shirts are this brand. perfect fit! soft! durable! i know i'd buy several different styles on this brand t-shirt! anyone else? i know it's not concerning the player, but hey, who doesn't love a good t'shirt. not those cheap promo tshirts. after, one wash, it completely changes. not the aa t's! long lastly, quality throughout the merchandise line!!! start up! stay up! i love you pono for all your doing for music and the hope it gives me! i've always wanted this!!!
@kyle wonder why no signatures on the zz top? could understand it as respect on the g. dead, due to deceased members. maybe i am missing something??
check out the sneak peek of the zz top le with the band's logo.  posted by ponomusic's official twitter account. you can also see it here:  http://ponopeople.org/viewtopic.php…
@zasse no prob
i finally got a foo fighters edition! big thanks to you @kyle! you're the man!
@dan yeah i'm surprised those are still available at this point, especially with the picture posted on the main page.
if you want a pono with neil's signature on it there are still lots of buffalo springfield le's left
hi all, i read all the comments so far and i must say that pono supported by such amazing people! thank you pono for a great opportunity to rock our world of music!
i would still love to support this project, since i believe pono dac is too far better than those gadgets.
@amos kidron now you are hooked! keep watching.  i went from a csn to a csny.  the ny are one of the hardest to get, good luck.
metallica all gone
there's a rumor that apple will start itune high definition music download service in a couple of month. but the point to me is dac. http://www.macrumors.com/2014/04/10/high-definition-itunes-music-downloads/
will the 2 pre loaded albums all be masters
moved up from yellow to csn le. who knows, maybe i will end up with a ny le. any out there?
come on metallica just there
1 csn available
here's hoping they carry mr. zappa's fine work at the pono store......
yes metallica is just there i hope to get the 500th all going well
@travisstyle... "pono clear when placed properly will refract the music into eight distinct dancing colors..." i guess it would have to come pre-loaded with a certain pf album then. :)
only 3 metallica les left.  its been fun watching that unit's slow climb to pledge fulfillment!  go metallica fans go!
@amos kidron: welcome aboard and thank you for your support.
a few random thoughts as we count down to the end of the campaign ... i have owned component decks capable of recording an audio signal in various formats; 8 track, cassette, minidisc and cdr.  it provided an enjoyable experience and allowed me to record various programming such as radio shows (remember the king biscuit flower hour?). the minidisc was a favorite.  you could edit very easily and the media surface was protected in a sleeve unlike cd which can get scratched.  digital files while not prone to that kind of physical damage are more challenging, for me, to use for that type of application.  recording vinyl is tedious and splitting tracks etc is not that easy for myself.  transferring audio from dvd makes my head hurt. my hope is that maybe pono will someday come out with a component style deck capable of recording a signal - whatever is hooked up to the audio in jacks.  perhaps a future generation pono portable could do this.  imagine hookup the patch cords and press record and edit, divide, combine erase with ease.
just joined the community with a yellow october release player. i hope that this with all the rest of the backers will help changing things at the source rather than just at the receiving end. i am excited to be a part of this.
@aldis : i certainly hope so, pink floyd, peter gabriel, jean michel jarre to name but a few do sound great in hi-res and i can not wait to listen to them on the pono. will have to listen to all the oldies all over again! porcupine tree!
@aldis : i certainly hope so, pink floyd, peter gabriel, jean michel jarre to name but a few do sound great in hi-res and i can not wait to listen to them on the pono. will have to listen to all the oldies all over again! porcupine tree!
with elton john being the only artist out of north america on signature series, made me think that also on pono store would be maily us and canadian artists. i hope that's not the case as there's some fine and must have albums from europe(i mean continent not the band in this case).  not to forget australia of course.
kyle well done again
@erast on that note, this morning i've contacted the team about materials-used for production of yellow/black players vs. the clear players.  i've also inquired about the sampler that comes with it. when/if i hear from them i will let you all know and post to the forum.
@siltech my guess is that it's like it was with the posters. when the text doesn't state that it is a limited edition than it isn't a limited edition even if it it says limited to 500 backers.
for those people worried about 'certificates of authenticity', differentiation of the clear edition & suchlike, i've been searching through the comments to try and find an answer i thought i remembered from @ creator - then realised it was answered by the ponomusic team directly to kyle on the ponopeople.org forum. i quote:   "...each kickstarter reward will include a special thank you card from neil. this would indicate that the reward was indeed from kickstarter." head over there and sign up, folks!
@noisebot to put into context what a relative bargain the pono will be - another digital audio player that uses the same dac as the pono is the ibasso dx100 which costs $829.  the ibasso dx50 uses a wolfson 8740 dac and costs $239.
pono team, have you thought about giving vouchers to your music store as a stretch goal?  it's a simple thing to do and doesn't impact your timeline.
@richheart if the clear on pledge says of 500, how isn't it a le? thanks buddy.
@manoko keep your eye on the board regularly and be ready to execute.  i would get in and grab one of the later dates (dec) and when the oct comes up you will be ready to grab it minus a few steps at the mange your pledge screen.  they come up every day!  at least 1 or 2.  even if you have to get a yellow oct. first, at least that gets you to oct.  then if a black one pops up you go to it!  good luck
subtlely*
@noisebot it's not blind trust... i mean, have you ever tried to record audio digitally ? you probably start at 44,1khz and you're fine with it until you experiment with higher frequencies. then you realize as you get used to the sound of your instruments that anything under is deteriorating the sound by a lot, and yet you only recorded a couple notes of a guitar (what!!!???). you also find that 192 and anything over is infinite times better for rhythm. for example, you cant hear a musicians subtlety accelerating at anything under 192, which can render a solo pointless. so with that said, imagine recording/mastering for a band of 6 or more ! believe me, the videos are not communicating bullshit.
@wc this is what pono wrote me: "he ponomusic team says:  the clear will not be numbered and may be issued as a regular model. but it will come with a case and ca designation noting that it was part of the kickstarter offering."
based on the clear pono limited edition numbered out of five hundred , will there be any certificate of authenticity since the pono team refuses to add any engraving on the player itself?
@kyle respect for your response to the saving l.e.s on here.  i agree and have released the csn+y and an early yellow, for whoever got them :)
just read to apple rumour, let's stay focused on this great project, itunes et all is what this project is trying to get away from.
any chance of making more early bird black pono player available ? it would be so good, since is is the only price i can barely afford: still a student... :(
@richheart, pono clear when placed properly will refract the music into eight distinct dancing colors... i would imagine pono clear should have some "easter egg" moments like this scattered throughout the neil young design process :) he is a very very clever dude !
so i was mistaken when i thought that the clear was a special limited edition. of course, if only 500 (or less) are ever made, it will be a special edition. :)
he ponomusic team says: the clear will not be numbered and may be issued as a regular model. but it will come with a case and ca designation noting that it was part of the kickstarter offering.
@richheart 5112 :)
and a speedy reply from the pono team, which does help things... "one of the ponoplayer's strength is the audio design from ayre acoustics, a company known for its best in class hardware. we have not published all of our specs due to competitive reasons as well as some of the specs are not final. i can say based on where we are today and the listening tests we have done, the audio performance beats any product in its class. the founder of ayre compares the audio performance to his $4000 products. -what dac chip is used in the pono? seems most audiophile flac players use a wm8740, does the pono as well? we are using a new model from ess. -how big (mah) is the battery? i know it says "around 8 hours", but do you have actual specs for it yet? battery capacity for a given volume is constantly improving. if we were shipping today it would be 3000mah. -is the battery (user) replaceable?  no. it is factory serviceable. -does pono use usb 3.0? if not, why not? transferring up to 128gb over usb 2 takes way more time in comparison, usb3 has been around long enough to be fairly common now. usb 3.0 is only about 30% faster than 2.0 based on actual testing, in spite of its claims, and requires a larger non standard connector. it provides little benefit for the added cost and has still not become widely adopted. -can you actually write to the removable sd while its in the player, or can you only load 64gb to the internal storage and are expected to load the card separately? yes you can write to the sd card while in the player -i see that it has a file manager like itunes. can you use drag & drop through windows/osx or are you forced to use pono's software? you can do either -can it use playlists? can files be sorted into folders? or are all files just dumped in one directory and sorted by filename? yes to playlists. other aspects in development. -does it show album art? not a single picture i've seen shows more than text & the pono logo on the screen. yes -can you play/pause/skip tracks via physical buttons, even if its buttons on your headphones? touchscreen control only isn't great if you don't want to pull a player out of your pocket every time you skip a track. currently in development"
it's a kickstarter site so you have to have faith. that's kind of what it's about. they tell you as much as they can and you have to make a choice given the information at hand.
@noisebot, originally posted by ponoteam on march 28 2014 read 2)... "@ivan charodei you are certainly entitled to your opinion and are very much free not to pledge to this campaign. you are just as free as the dozens of artists on our video were to say anything they wanted after hearing our music. if you truly believe that we could manage to coerce a positive reaction from all these world-renowned musicians, whose word is their reputation, and that they are all academy award winning actors able to fake their emotions on camera, then you will find yourself standing on the wrong side of history when the players finally hit the market. as far as specs go, remember that you are not purchasing a product from an well-established manufacturer here ... on kickstarter. kickstarter is not a storefront. it's a donation-based crowd funding platform. if you require specs to put your money down then by all means please wait until the specs are available once the product hits the market. the main reasons we are not providing specs on kickstarter are the following: 1) because we are continuing to improve the product design and the design is not final. as you can see in "risks and challenges", we have stated very clearly that: "we now need to complete the final iteration of the design, conduct extensive testing of the player, develop and test our online ponomusic.com store, and move into production." 2) unlike many other kickstarter campaigns, ours is under heavy scrutiny by everyone including our competitors. we are not under their radars like most of the ks campaigns. we are very much right in the middle of their radars. so putting out specs here takes away our competitive edge before the product even hits the market. 3) we don't believe that people like you who require specs to back our campaign would in fact do so even if we were to provide the most detailed specs. it's just a red herring. so by all means exercise your right not to back the campaign but please do not belittle others for backing the campaign based on faith in neil, faith in the dozens of artists who support us, faith in charlie hansen and ayre accoustics, faith in the ponomusic team. it is not blind faith our supporters have. it's faith in the honor and passion of the people involved in the project who collectively want to help revive the soul of music. anyone who remotely knows neil knows that he would never put his name and impeccable reputation at risk just to raise money on kickstarter."
@noisebot did you miss the hot ayre?
@jonathan gorman, i agree with much of what you say, it surprises and disappoints me that  the primary focus in the comments here (from what i've seen, kickstarter doesn't have the most readable comments system) is concern of serial#s and engravings rather than what really matters: function and performance. i've directly messaged the pono team looking for some more details on basic things like battery size, file systems and the interface, the things that actually impact how you'll used the player, hopefully i'll get an answer to at least some of my questions. i know that some aspects are bound to change as production gets started, but simple things like usb type and if you can be playlists probably aren't a last minute decision. there are a handful of other players that do 24/192 flac, most of them use the wm8740 dac chip and are around the same price as pono or cheaper. the only thing that really stands out so far is the touchscreen (if it is utilized well) and the storage space, which is why i'm paying attention. blind trust in a celebrity's word that something is amazing and preaching it like gospel without questioning the actual details seems like a mistake. sure, pono may be amazing, but a little more than hype could help convince people that care about details more than limited edition bragging rights.
record companies have clearly been trying to react and adapt to the enormity of the mp3 and apple market but this is the first time the mainstream will have an alternative that isn't a small niche that nobody cares about. with the heads of record companies and huge people like rick rubin being awakened to this by neil, it will make a difference. pono nation will make a difference.
@jonathan gorman et all had to get my thoughts out on the apple thread. apple is a giant and they look at big figures, big numbers and mind blowing scale. the fact that they're waking up to high res is a good sign for pono but lets get real here folks. hi res will not make mp3s go away and i think all of us that love high res and what pono has to offer will never be as large an audience. so having said that, when it doesnt get a billion followers apple will ignore it and spend their time making great phones and tablets. itunes is great for convenience and it will always be there for folks that want to have 2000 songs that sound just ok. apple will continue to support it and it'll make a tonne of money for them but they won't make pono go away either. this is here to stay and it is special. when studios have been telling their artists to not bother adding to their mixes because it won't matter with the mp3 that's a crime and they will all have a large enough alternative that they don't have to do that anymore. sorry i'm ranting now....lots to say about this.
@dan i have to agree on this. i think its important to see overall ponos vision. spotify as far i understand and read in some forum post is that they also require artist to submit in 24/96. the 24/96 and 24/192 is just one step in a long chain where it starts not just from the master itself but also the mastering itself. neil oulined this very well in his recent mail to the artists(resolution is also a tool for creation). we as a community should rally around the whole vision around pono and educate those around us. its this very fact of inconsistent process with bottle necks in quality that fuels the naysayers. im really concerned for those who first time listen to a 24/192 track when in fact the source master was tailored for basic cd dynamics, or worse just for mp3 or radio distribution. these people will get the wrong impression. im very concerned many of itunes tracks are of this type. pono will ensure the quality the whole way setting the standard others will follow(incl itunes) i dont see a big problem for pono if also itunes releases hq tracks as well. as i mentioned who knows the future may be a standard quality level, say industry standard, that pono has now defined. another online record store wont hurt(we already got hdtracks). im also very sure neil thinks bigger than just single success for pono but the whole movement for better sound. a future where pono sets the standard, we can get that standard content from many stores, played on the ponoplayer or other equivalent quality players together with exploring and finding music on radion/streaming services then getting the hqtrack is what i see.
@dan & jérémie  - right on guys, right on.
@jonathan gorman " apple singlehandedly saved the recorded music industry by forcing ala carte song purchases and sells more music " they saved it ? oh yeah, they saved it with mp3s, are you freaking kidding me ? we went backward. did you take the time to listen to what neil young or anyone had to say about it ? you must really think i am an idiot, great ! and how is it no more different than itunes ? i don't want to install a proprietary software just to download music, i'd rather use a browser, and use a much better software. also flac is an open format. if apple just wants to keep everything for themselves, no thanks. for the specs, check out the ayre acoustics website, guess for yourself, they said it would use the same technology as some of their products. apple is no better at this, i had to do a research to guess that the ipod classic could play 24bit/48khz with alac, and i didn't get the answer from apple... @dan scott " if apple has been sitting on all these 24/96 files for "years" why haven't they made them available already? " yeah thanks. also, 24/192 is much better.
a couple of thoughts cross my mind: if apple has been sitting on all these 24/96 files for "years" why haven't they made them available already? if apple has been "requiring" 24/96 versions all this time with no sign of revenue for the labels how much effort do you think they (the labels) have made in creating those versions? i am willing to bet they just delivered the songs in 24/96 in order to fill the requirement. just because it is 24/96 doesn't mean it was mastered to take advantage of the resolution. for all we know the source may not even be cd quality. it is like watching a b&w tv show on a colour tv and expecting it to be in colour. at least we know the pono store will make an effort to have the best quality content.
this it getting detailed to death! pono is a simple-on-the-outside with ultra-refined-circuitry-inside, high quality, to connect the best available source audio files to mainstream buyers. by saying that people won't have good speakers, headphones, etc is so unintelligent. mediocre equipment, with mediocre audio files, through mediocre speakers is--mediocre. but, a top drawer quality player(pono), with top drawer audio files on mediocre speakers will sound ten fold. the desire for people to seek better speakers,etc will happen if the player and files have the ability to bring the music that far, right now it is a mediocre string. no need to have great speakers of the sound can't come through. no need to make it complicated. neil young has his art on the line, as well as many other fine artists. have trust.
just ignore mr negative jg. he the competition.
@brian, 2nd it!
@jonathan, "apple singlehandedly saved the recorded music industry".  that is just nonsense!
@jonathan gorman, ok jonah ... here's 5m :) heavy ain't it :) not too heavy to tell us what you portend of the pono future from a "bad bottle of scotch just stole from the bodega on the corner gloom and doom hugh"? apple is a closed system remember ? pono is open system where do you fit in here sir ? no faith in this team & who was your photographer ? very jurassic orthographic style projection dude :) i'll wait over here on the copier machine for my answer ...hummmmmm
specs aren't everything. i have a pretty good stereo. i've listened to components of lesser specs, only to sound better than ones with better specs. symmetry is one of most important things, in a audio system. lets give neil young alot of credit.
jeremie pono is no more a movement than apple.  it is a for profit company that has to negotiate with the same labels as apple.  the music available at pono will be the same file from the same master. there will be no more of a connection to any particular artist. second, i'm glad that pono was successful.  i've been hoping and waiting for apple to make higher res files available for years.  they've been archiving 24/96 files for years. if this initiative proved there is a vibrant market for high res at itunes, god bless. but nobody here should kid themselves that pono is any more artist friendly than apple.  apple singlehandedly saved the recorded music industry by forcing ala carte song purchases and sells more music (more royalties) than any other market (more than almost all others combined). what is lost in this entire pono mania is that the specs of the player are still tbd.   what is the amp going to be, why no digital output, what's the specs, etc. right now the fiio x5 is a killer player that does everything pono does and it's internals and specs are well documented.  it's priced at the same point as pono, and given that it already is out, i hope pono has better specs upon release. i got my pono for 200, and that's a screaming good deal. but there is a bit of undeserved hero worship going on here about pono.   they are launching a flac site that so far is no different than any other sites and will definitely have less content than apple.  they are launching a player that so far doesn't seem any better than existing high res players in 6 months.  and the artist les are (imo) just another licensing gimmick. i hope that this succeeds because the high tide of high res will lift all boats, but music has always been a content driven model.  if pono cannot launch with a huge library at a reasonable cost, it will die.  the music will live on, just at another ip address.
here's a recent response ive received from the pono team. thanks for the congratulations. as to the clear, it's quite possible that it will be available after kickstarter, but no decision has been made.
@jonathan thanks for sharing the article, i agree, it is news worthy to the subject of hi res music.  apple is...well apple, they can pretty much do what they want.  5mil is nothing to them.  as i say glad the giant is waking up!
@jérémie, rick, love it :) https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@jérémie blais - exactly!
@jonathan gorman news ? pono is first and foremost a movement. it's pushing apple to move their asses. knowing apple, if they are going for it, they are probably getting ready for a shallow and arrogant speech that will brainwash the whole audience, ignoring what has been happening here, acting like they are the first to care about the musicians and you above all, then corruption happens. that's what 99% of tech journalists on the internet do anyway, marketing, it's fashion, rarely sincere. trust me.
@denis lane - que???
time to hit the pillow and count ponos.
@rick gagnon que?
re: applesonthetree - let's see, 5,000,000 pono's in the first year, conservatively speaking; word of mouth is a powerful thing. pono music has just raised $5,000,000 more than they asked for! that's a lot of extra money for promoting both the pono player and the store. and i'll be the store opens within three months of apple going hi-res - not five. so let's see 5,000,000 x $400 = $2 billion - looks like a money stream to me!
for some it may be a new experience, for a company to actually listen and provide good value, at the expense of profits.
an apple a day will not keep pono away.
@mark howard 36 minutes ago pono seem to be hesitant to say too much about the clear. maybe there will be a surprise after the campaign...  it is unusual for them to be elusive :) mark please i have been on this since day one they have been very elusive on many things
we came here for the music, not apple seeds.
if anyone has a pj le and wants to trade for a ny & ch. please let me know.  i could try and make it worth your efforts. email me duncanjt@telus.net
or appono
corporate music can't deal with pono, cause pono tries to do the right thing, not the most profitable.
apple may buy pono out and combine the two...they can call it ponapple!
@jonathan gorman did you miss the part where a pono owner could rip their cd, dvd, and all other manner to the pono, and also have artist updates when higher res recording become available, free?
pono is not selling something, they are sharing something.
a win win if more sources of hi-res files are going to be made available by apple! rather than hurt pono, and specifically pono player sales,  this should help those on the fence about purchasing a pono or who doubt the future of such an investment.... i don't see apple rolling out a hi-res music player that will take advantage of those files any time soon!
pono is first and foremost launching a music site.  the player is not going to be a money stream.  apple launching its high res files (many including the beatles and zepplin unavailable to pono) ahead of ponomusic is going to be a big deal. and for people whining about apple, itunes match allows you to store your cd ripped music in the cloud and will be ultimately available in high res for subscribers.  pono, on the other hand will require you to repurchase your entire library at 15-25 per album (per the faq). i'm an early adopter here (one of the first 100 players), but this is critical news.
jump in apple...the babptismal waters of high res!!!i are righteous...they are pono and feel like a fresh hot bath or steamy shower, not like the freakin icetunes that you blast across our faces!  repent apple repent!  sj is watching you!
@rick gagnon very well said.
re: applesonthetree - pono already has an edge. if you buy any song from pono, the quality of your purchase is protected forever because if that song is ever released in a higher resolution, it's yours for free. do you think apple will try to match that? they've sold millions of songs and albums over the years. do you really think they'll give that guarantee to their clients even if theie clients are willing to buy one-final-upgrade? i don't. plus they do not necessarily have the best resolution available for a given artist's songs or albums. they only demanded 24 bit resolution. i believe that the sampling rate is more significant and they did not place demands on artists for this, only suggestions. pono music guarantees their clients that they will always provide the best resolution possible. that's something that will draw clientele and keep them. plus their main  emphasis is quality not money - of course, they're not going to give music away for free but i'll bet they're going to be really competitive and be a client centric rather that profit centric business. don't write pono music off so easily. these guy's are pros and they're deeply rooted in the music business. apple is not.
@me but they will release a new ipod obviously.
@jeff  i'm with you.  it is a win win if they do or if they don't.  pono can play most every format!
a bruised apple= rotten to the core.
i love apple products, converted over years ago.  even neil talked to sj about all this.  maybe sj knew he didn't have the time.  don't know, but i don't see a problem, i see an opportunity, an opportunity to ingrate my libraries into hi res, an opportunity for the music industry to get off of the low res rice bowl and start creating again.  not just slapped together cheese sandwiches like we have been getting.  they can get rid of all those wireless mics too, sheesh!
@jdc i do not agree...apple has been bruised by pono...would you purchase a bruised apple?
cool. i hope apple makes everything available in high resolution. if they're selling the same quality at a cheaper price, i'll buy music from them and listen on my pono. as long as the quality is there, i'll support whomever has the better price. competition is a great thing.
this is great
@ dennis - if apple brings out a high res music service especially before pono does it will kill the pono music store before it even begins. apple will just bully the competition like they always do.
@siltech and the next generation iphone will have a bulge in it.  they can call it the ipone!
i have never bought any music from apple and never will,  the attitude of apple towards music quality, competition and a host of other things makes the company a real bad apple.
apple=>or< american...pono=+1 great music.
@me i agree with you, and they'll sound great on a dedicated audio pono player.
i have never been a fan of apple/mac stuff. "i'm a pc." the only things i have ever given them money for were two itunes only released ep's from my morning jacket. being a huge mmj fan, and one who doesn't usually obtain their stuff illegally, i bowed down to the itunes/apple/mac conglomerate and purchased those two albums only. unless mmj does that itunes only thing again, i'll never ever make their empire richer.
time to make apple pie and serve it ala pono.
@ wc - maybe because there are only 500 of them.
upsetting the apple cart is what pono is all about, oh, and great reproduction of music the way it was meant to be heard.
@creator, why does the column on the right state that the phono clear is limited to x/500 in which 202 are already taken?
@jerry thanks for your help?
pono seem to be hesitant to say too much about the clear. maybe there will be a surprise after the campaign... it is unusual for them to be elusive :)
if apple does start selling high res then great!  it will sound great on my pono!  a lot better than on my iphone.
@jg this site is promoting pono. i think your trying to promote some other site. pono=quality. apple=am radio sound.
@ jonathon - and with that i think apple has just sunk the pono.
@jonathan so how long before apple tells everyone (again) that the wonderful device they just bought sucks and they are losers if they don't buy the new one?
@jonathan gorman pono will need a very large differentiator with their music to compete, not looking good.
apples is is high volume, low hard drive usage. there's is money over quality.
i don't think so
and the hi def war has begun.  apple is about to make pono into a betamax.  worlds largest collection of high res files, including an exclusive on the beatles, zepplin (basically the bands neil called out in his last update) are all going to be available at itunes and playable (and streamable) on future phones and ipods.  pono needs to make its money on content, not hardware - and apple will be live months before pono is released. for several years, apple have been insisting that labels provide files for itunes in 24 bit format - preferably 96k or 192k sampling rate. so they have undeniably the biggest catalog of hi-res audio in the world. and the led zeppelin remasters in high resolution will be the kick off event - to coincide with led zep in hi-res, apple will flip the switch and launch their hi-res store via itunes - and apparently, it will be priced a buck above the typical current file prices. that's right - apple will launch hi-res itunes in two months. source http://www.macrumors.com/2014/04/10/high-definition-itunes-music-downloads/
pledge $400 or more 299 of 500 remaining pono clear: ponoplayer with transparent casing to fully view its inner details. comes pre-loaded with a ponomusic sampler specially curated by our founding team. handmade leather case with presentation box. plus: website thanks more est. delivery dec 2014 add $15 usd to ship outside the us
@jerry you might have something there!!!  the kiddy pono...well maybe not.
wait better its easter time soon so save some egg dye and dunk it  you use the little wax crayons first and put a smiley face on it like on forest forest gump
blue paint!  now that is a different story, it is everywhere.  get a can and dip it good!
hey dennis try some windex and make it crystal clear
woops well thanks anyhow i was hoping for the blue pono clear would be cool if it had lights in side or numbers  so ill maybe dump the ny and get one of those rare ones.  let me see porkgugal man or kenny rogers
how about a donut with your pono...anyone?
@creator can we clear up the clear pono mess, no pun intended.
blue crayons are hard to find
@jerry it doesn't look good for the blue pono but we may an even better surprise for you tomorrow.
@jerry it doesn't look good for the blue pono but we may an even better surprise for you tomorrow.
eureeka!  now i know why they are shaped that way!  cause you can stack a whole shoe box full of them in them lionel train cars!!!
i wonder if i could hook up one of them tiny lionel train smokers to it.  when i'm sportin it around i could tell folks, the hotter it gets the better it sounds!
since, neil and pj are already doing le ponos, why not do this with 24 hours left! it will sell out in an hour! the "mirrorball" edition, with a mirrorball engraved with signatures of neil and pearl jam surrounding it! plus jack irons on it instead of matt!  make only 100. this would be beautiful!!!!
hic
@me io would recomend something dufferent than a crayon like heat up a grab a nail with a pliers heat it up with a blow torch than use it like a pen should carve what ever numbers you want just get it real hot. dont touch it with your finger as that would hurt. seriously it should be numbered
it will be cool to turn off the lights and watch the tubes light up in it like a old amp!  and if it starts smokin i can see that too :)
@wc this is "clearly", a problem
pono clear needs to be straightened out....the only difference is it does not say le but does limit it to what all the other le are limited too and includes music.
i just wonder if it erasable just incase i get the number wrong, or they change their minds later!
if they don't number them then i will number it myself, #7 of whatever.  i've got a crayon somewhere around here, i might as well sign it too!  i am officially a member of the pono team,  i am member number 3333!
@wc those who purchased it need a better explanation.
i don't know if this question has been asked, but are there any plans of re-releasing "singles" on ponomusic? i was sitting around earlier today listening to chuck mangione's "feel so good", when it occurred to me that quite a lot of my existing music collection are composed of alternate, extended, remixed, and live versions, usually released on singles . . . you know, back in the day when they used to release singles.  mind you in this case, the version of "feel so good" i was enjoying, was the original from the lp; but i think you get what i am saying.  then there is the matter of b-sides.  who doesn't miss those? from all the talk i am hearing about what is making it into the ponomusic store, there seems to be an emphasis on complete albums - something i am definitely very cool with.  sadly, there is quite a lot of good music out there, that never got album releases - or the album release may not be as sought after/favored by some collectors, as one of it's single versions.  so i thought i would ask if any of the artist/labels currently involved with the pono project, looking at the possibility of re-releasing singles?
@dennis lane - that's my take on it but the 298/500 is confusing....
@wc @creator you cannot have a 500 series... and then say it's unlimited....i did not purchase one but would be pissed if i did.
@creator, then why does it state that there are a limited number up to 500?
@wc sorry but the clear pono says of a 500 series...that to me is limited.
@josh weltman screw the taxes cause they'll just waste the money.
so on april 15 should i pay my taxes or buy a pono? hmmmm.....
@creator, thanks for , "clear-ing", that up.  :)
@wc: the clear pono is not a limited edition.  so there are no plans for having serial numbers on them.
@creator- besides being able to view the innards of the clear pono, will it have x/500 somewhere on the player?
@smell the horse yes, a couple of ponos,  but there are a lot of people looking for those hard to get ponos tho.
@gary oh no worries, didn't take it as such.
i have no problem with it french. all those people can come here and be a part of the conversation. heck, maybe u help them. a monopoly? cause one guy is dropping a couple ponos cause somebody here wanted them.... thats a little much.
we all have a part in the pono birth...@@kyle just delivers more.
@kyle wasn't meant to be an attack on you, just fair play to all.
@creator if that's for the clear pono then a simple 50% reduction on mine would have sufficed....
@gary yeah. i'm beginning to realize it's pretty unethical. meant no harm by it. i'll make my drops tomorrow and be done with it. no more 'le brokering'. sorry if it came across in a bad light. but the many of you are right, it defeats the purpose of an open campaign and withholds pledging opportunities. please excuse my last few days of this, my intentions were not to draw attention away from the overall vision that pono an kickstarter are working together to attain.
@dennis yeah, a 1 to1 matchmaker, kickstarter is 1 to 17,002 so far....
@gary craig: gary. be careful what you ask for. you may actually get it. thanks for your great suggestion.
@gary craig kyle is a matchmaker...let him do his magic.
metallica about to pledge out
5,001 :)
17,002 backers, $5,802,903, 4days to go.  wow!
@siltech....or maybe @kyle can hook you up????
@siltech bang on. money talks....
thanks gary. maybe when people have to pay at deadline, they'll bail.
i think this pono will sing with below. vitus audio sia-25 integrated amp, sonus faber guarneri memento, and all cables by siltech signature. what so you think?
@siltech i could have given you a nyle when i got my nych. pretty sure you will get your chance on one at closing.
@kyle while i think its commendable that you are snatching ponos for all and sundry, very charitable i am sure. have you thought this thru? you are depriving everyone else of a fair chance, at your whim. the ponos are available in a fair 'marketplace', while you are trying to operate a monopoly. i have no vested interest, i have what i want, but grabbing everything to feed the chosen few isn't in the spirit of kickstarter. leave things as they are and give a level playing field. make sense?
@creator can you fit this in the pono ? http://antelopeaudio.com/en/products/audiophile-10m-atomic-clock i may be sarcastic, i don't know.
to nyle pono owners i'll give $500.00 plus my ny&ch le for a nyle. therefore, if any owners  live in toronto, canada, or within a two hour car drive of toronto. i'm  100% serious.
@smell the horse: ok, thanks. i'll hang onto my neil young :)
@peter i would coordinate giving up my pledges to both pj and csny to someone willing to part with one solo neil young pono. i understand it's a popular player; that's why i'm offering my rights to both my players.
seems like it will be chaos oh here on the final day with people attempting to swap players like cigarette cards im sure the number of pledges will fall dramatically as people drop their pledges be interesting to see what the final pledged total ends up as though.
@ smell the horse: do you mean you will give up the right to buy both a nych and pj pono player, or the actual players themselves?
@ smell the horse - i really don't think anyone will give up their ny for a pj and a csny. the nys pledged out so quickly. pjs were up for a couple of days.
@lisacooper--i am so in on the pono.  i hope macrumors is right though, and that apple starts paying attention to quality instead simply convenience.  that will help us too.  if apple and pono can cause better masters to be used/made, we all win!
at $37,000 a pair for just the cr1,s this set up better do the laundry as well!
i will give up a pearl jam and csn&y pono for a single neil young (solo) pono player. lmk
@peterrustin ummm, mac rumors. apple needs some good competition to set everything right. steve shouda listened to neil. i go in the apple store, they don't wanna talk about pono. they talk about itunes match. a phone is a phone. pono is a  portable hi res digital music player. love this...a lovely simple system consisting of a ponoplayer and an ayre ax-5 integrated amp driving a pair of tad compact reference cr1 loudspeakers http://www.audiostream.com/content/sound-pono everything's good. :-)
@creator is there any way you could print the metallica logo like the zztop or grateful dead?
@rooster if all of them sell there is no inflation.
reading these comments it seems that the total funding amount could be artficially inflated by people who "reserved" multiple signature editions they didn't intend to keep. maybe it's only a small amount but it's still damaging, especially when you consider there will be people who didn't pledge because the edition they wanted was being held onto by someone else. not very righteous behaviour regardless.
i am now a happy man got a csn&y really looking forward to what pono will have to offer
@kyle french can yo swing a nyle for myny&ch you the man.
@richhart- thanks for the clarification.  nice phrase too!
@wc pono have said that if there is a way, they will number and sign them. we all know that: where there's a will, there's a way :) i count on them to do their best....
hi kyle email sent to you thanks
the yellow and black ponos are $300.00.  the clear pono is $400.00.  what is the difference? is it the "handmade leather case with presentation box"?
and the ripples on the pond caused by the pono begin: http://www.macrumors.com/2014/04/10/high-definition-itunes-music-downloads/… this could be a rising tide that floats all boats.  it could cause competition for hi-res music, with concomitantly lower prices. and, neil seems to have caught the labels' attention.  this will be very interesting indeed to see how it plays out, but i'm still in big time for pono!
@paul i have a csn available.  email me.  ponopeople@gmail.com
hi richheart if lisa backs out on the csn&y please let me know if you decide to let it go thanks
rich and kyle. the pono pimps  :d
i currently have a clear, which i think i prefer (awaiting pono comments on screen-printing, numbering and signatures, ks, special edition etc) i have: 1 csn+y, which lisa has first dibs on, and 1 yellow october, which i will let somebody have, if they let me know they want it.
hi all pledged a while ago for a metallica le pono but would love to get hold of a csn or csn&y if anyone would give me a heads up if one comes available. thanks in advance.
@zasse  yes, just let me know. i'll be here for a few more hours. @rob email ponopeople@gmail.com and if a pj pops up i'll grab it for you and let you know.
@kyle i'm in london for the 3 days; can you send me an email? i have a foo fighters to trade ;)
it is a shame that the feedback from pono today has been scarce.  i hope the answer about screenprinting a limited number and a signature on the clear pono, comes before the end of the campaign (i.e. when we can still choose)
@kyle should i mail you when you can release it? so i notify i'm ready to grab it?
give the people what they want!
@kyle thanks man, you are a real community guy :)
@rob  i'll try.  this has basically been my pet project as a member of the pono community with the kickstarter campaign coming to a close. grab the available les so people that might want them can coordinate with me.  if i grab a pj i'll announce it on the forum.
if pono is as good as they say it is, then once folks hear their music through pono, they will have difficulties digesting the mp3, cd's itunes, etc.  that will be cause for a lot of questions, as to why?  why is my itunes library weak?  i expect that the cost of hi res music will be higher…at first.  but then comes the demand, and then the competition.  it would be in itunes interest to have choices!  low, med & high res.  they already have the platform, and as we continue to develop greater storage caps, there will be little excuse to deliver.  now, that being said, i am certain that there are those that like their rice bowls & gravy train just the way it is and were content to let the world eat mp3 cake.
@kyle french can you 'swing' me a pj le?
don't worry i'll swing one for you.
have to press refresh.
nope seems to just missed it :( when you manage your pledge is it updated in real time or do i need to press refresh?
@zasse you get your foo le?
@rich no prob.
@lisa send your phone no. to kyle at ponopeople@gmail.com, he'll forward it to me and i'll call you to arrange the drop.  @kyle, i hope that is cool? can you please forward to the email registered to ponopeople or as a pm on ponopeople.
@jonathan i never lie, said nobody, ever, in all honesty :)
looking for a pearl jam or neil young le.  trade for a foo fighters le?
looking for a pearl jam le.  i have a tom petty and an october black i could trade.  anyone interested?
while i can't wait to get my hands on my pono, there's one thing i am skeptical about. i'm not visionary so don't take my word for it but here's what i think about buying content online. cds are way too expensive today at around ~$20 a pop. it was also much faster and convenient (and cheap) to download songs off torrent. what apple did with itunes was magic. they introduced a new way to buy affordable, fast and simple-to-use way to buy music at $1 a song with decent quality. now the fact that we're doubling up on quality seems to come at a price. those digital flac albums you are putting on sale are probably gonna hover around $20 for an album too. i for sure know that i will almost never buy albums at this price except for the very few bands i profoundly love. the rest will probably come from library rentals, etc. my 2cents
@zasse i've got one.  looking to drop it.  email me.  ponopeople@gmail.com
i currently looking for a foo fighters le, anyone thinking about shifting these last days?
@peter: music is the interpretation of a feeling by a musician that listeners can relate (i.e. enjoy) to
@redwood yw
@ carlos thanks for that information, carlos
@redwood the comments pages continue after the campaign and many of the campaigns install a "buy it here" button that allow for pre orders to continue.  i suspect that pono will follow suit.
@ creator when this kickstarter campaign finishes in 4 days, i presume this page disappears (i've never been involved before, i don't know). will you then start taking pre-orders for full-price players on the main ponomusic.com website, or will you wait till nearer the pre-launch marketing blitz in september/october before adding that function?
maybe not as it is 3:30 am in japan
@yoshinari  i hope you saw that!  nych was up!
@peter beck something that is played by a pono.
sorry guys, this question has probably been asked before. what is music? please answer, as i am a very serious business man!
1 nych up
@aaron i'd love to have the number 1 gd! if he doesn't want it; i'm your man! gizow76@hotmail.com
@rich your statement may or may not be true because even if all lawyers are liars it doesn't mean that they always lie.  being a liar is like a single drop of ink into a clear glass of water.
i got the pearl jam and neil young with crazy horse for myself...then i opened a third account to try and get one for friend. got em the #1 grateful dead pono but still trying to talk em into it....down to the wire...ahhh!!!
metallica fans making a late round push.  only 19 metallica les remain.
can you?
@gary craig cool!
example:  i set up a new screen name/email on my aol account and use it to start a new ks account and make a pledge.  but unless i go into my devices and add that new email account, i won't see it, unless i go into my aol account.  even so the only thing that amazon does when a pledge, is it asks who is pledging?  when you log in to your amazon account then you are connected to your pledge/ks.  what you can do to ease the mind is to go to the account/email that amazon notifies you at and check it.  and if you choose, set up your temp/ks emails on your device. so you can get double verification.  that is usually in device set-up.
@dennis i don't think there will be any problems. if it is highlighted its on record. neil will keep us right.
@gary craig @carlos what may have to be done if it does not go smoothly for the second account is to change your amazon account email after the first pledge gets taken to the email account used for the second one. just a thought.
after suggesting a clear pono a few days ago, and pono coming good, i cant decide whether to keep what i have or go for the clear....suppose a 3rd account would be considered excessive. seem to remember at the beginning of this campaign i said 2 ponos are excessive, 3 is divorce......
fingers crossed!
@dennis i don't get emails to 2nd account either. like @carlos said as long as you are highlighted you should be ok....if you have a problem re this, then so do i.........now i am paranoid!
@carlos thanks. it is shaded on the second account...but got nervous.
@dennis  when you log into pono with your new account/email and you scroll the rewards, does it show that you have one shaded/selected?  if so, then you are good, and may just need to go to whatever device you are using in the setup and establish your new email.  amazon will not send to that account, it will notify you to your original account with them.  the link to amazon is when whatever account you pledge from from ks to amazon, and then by you logging in to a that links you across the board.
for those of you that had questions about the sampler and the clear pono's.  they were addressed to some extent on the update 22 comments board.  https://www.kickstarter.com/profile/1003614822/comments
i'm not getting email notifications from my second pledge at a different account.???
...i meant "knowledgeable" (sorry for the spelling)
i'm wondering about the battery life. i've read a lot of the earlier posts about pono stating they will probably be able to install a new one when the original one dies, but that might cost a bit more than is reasonable (for my budget) to ship it off and get it shipped back. also, some have asked if it could be replaced by us (the user) with a little guidance from knowledgable people here, or on the pono people forum, or on youtube later on. i'm also wondering if when the battery eventually dies, can we just keep it plugged into the electrical outlet (using the usb adapter) and have it as a permanent part of your stereo setup with no plan to ever ship it off. (i might have to get a second non-le signature series one for the car and for portability.) ...just wondering...
@dennis  pono sends you to amazon at the pledge and you log in to amazon like you normally do.  you can have up to a few opportunities that way to get several rewards!
@jdc - yes, 64gb. you are right. i am not organising by individual track.
how are people linking their second email addy to amazon?
@kyle french hey kyle, no need to apologize. it is good to work out the kinks in the board hosting site now before ks ends i guess! i will try to message rich again after awhile. thanks!
@tw go to this link, www.ponopeople.org where you will find a discussion about which headphones are popular amongst sponsors
finally gave in and sponsored a clear one, will decide if i keep my black oct or not in the next couple of days, i am sure someone will want it. only 95 more to go to get to 17000!!!
@ thomas cozzolino you will need to create a separate kickstarter account to get another reward (the pono player). register again using a different e-mail address & then you will be able to link through to the same amazon account for payment. that way you don't wipe out your original reward.
apologies if this has been answered previously, but i would like to increase my pledge amount and sign up for a pono player (i do, however, want to keep the award for my original pledge, too). do i have to spin up another account/id, or is there a simple way to up my backing amount and claim both awards under the same account?  thanks!  rock on, pono!
@jim, thank you
what brand of ultra high res headphones (not ear plugs) would someone suggest to be the best fit for the pono?
@tw as far as headphones: https://www.ttvjaudio.com/mobile/category.aspx…
@kyle: thank you for the link! :*
@kyle  really glad to see that the forum seems to have legitimacy now. nice one mate.
@jdc “the ponoplayer has 128gb of memory and can store 1000 to 2000 high-resolution. then you remove portable 64g for another. unlimited
questions answered, from the ponomusic team directly, about le numbering, pono clear, and looking past the kickstarter campaign. find the answers to many of your questions here:  http://ponopeople.org/viewtopic.php…
what brand of ultra high res headphones (not ear plugs) would someone suggest to be the best fit for the pono?
@mobius - you mean 64gb right? won't fit much on a 64mb card.
@ rich - depends which area you practise and which side of the trees you are on. now i know why you have posted so often as you must be constantly on your crackberry.
is there any preference, known product type, for the best 64mb memory card? there must be some kind of caveat surely? i want to stock up, sort and arrange.
i am off now for a few hours.... all lawyers are liars, say i, a lawyer. does that mean that my last statement is untrue? :) chew it over, 'til i get back.
@jdc if you care to go back about 3000 comments he is! but what the hell we'll probably need him later! ain't that right rich : )
i'm hoping to hear from the ponomusic team soon regarding some questions i sent directly about numbering (not that i find that to matter all that much, imho) and the new clear unit. i'll post any response i get from them on the site and notify any backers here so @creator doesn't have to backread all of the concerns and answer them here.
@ kyle. the forum is awesome and will be completely essential come october.
the good news is, if that forum somehow gets integrated into whatever ponomusic is dreaming up for an official online community, they'll pick their own moderators.... perhaps they can right any wrongs i've created lol
@ hey rich big supporter here too bud. @ douglas a lawyer who? rich nooo
ohhhh!!! noooooo! they made a lawyer a moderator! that's it i'm off :)
@jdc i am in this for the support of this great swell of change in the music world. @ian put it better, i believe.
"power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely. great men are almost always bad men." lord acton that just leaves the women, whom lord acton obviously didn't mention because they, as queen victoria claimed:  “women do not do such things.”
i remember your nexus argument rich which is valid.
yeah rich.  'with great power comes great responsibility' lol
@jdc  it was you who threatened me :) i will behave..... scouts honour
hey rich you are a moderator now behave yourself lol
@creator: when will we know witch 2 albums the artist of the le series selsct to came on the pono?
@jdc  oh oh, no more stripes, i'll be a good boy :)
@ kyle - agree, those shoes have somehow become synonymous with these boards. thanks kyle for the forum and richard for the constant comments, you have definitely earned your stripes.
@erast  i love old black.  i am in the process of researching the rig!  i am going to build one!  not gonna relic or paint her the same as neil's, thats his story and experiences but i want to get the tone and then add a few of my own creative surprises that tribute what neil has brought to the muse!!!
sorry jdc... but for as many white shoes as i've seen on this comment section, i think rich has earned his say on the forum's operation.
i was thinking about the festival i suggested in an earlier post.  it would be cool if they had a festival, that the festival was conducted before the release of oct. ponos.  they could even have tens of booths with panel displays that have the ponos imbedded in them so that folks can try them out...even with their own buds, cans etc.  a festival would be an incredible marketing event!
@ carlos that's a great idea, carlos. old black special edition sounds good
so i didn't get the job kyle?
i would love to have one with an engraved pic of old black!!!!  do you hear me neil :)  i might have to do it myself, lol!  and i might:)
for the clear, it just says music sampler, there is no indication if it will be equivalent (2 albums) to the le's in this regard.  as there is no indication that they will not offer them as some suggest without the case and presentation box after ks.  i suspect tho that in the spirit of pono and what they are accomplishing here, that they will at least be numbered, cut off at last pledge and maybe even have the current pono team sigs or like some of the others the pono logo.  numbering them in the limited series will allow them to fulfill kickstarter and if they choose to sell them i out of regular business would qualify the new ones to be different.  it would be cool if in regular production they produced tinted ones...blue, yellow, red, smoke!  mix it up.  or even have it where customers can build their own with colors, tints and even artist logos and sigs.
yesterday was the biggest earning day since 21-march.  track the pono kickstarter stats here... http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/1003614822/ponomusic-where-your-soul-rediscovers-music/#chart-daily
@kyle thanks for the promotion :) i have no experience moderating, so i will just use it so that new members can contact me, unless you teach me otherwise.
@lisa @rich i've made rich a moderator, so you can message him now.  i can't control that 'minimum of 3 posts' setting, its part of the board hosting site for some reason.  sorry.
@lisa cooper, check out pono's twitter page.  they have some pics of the display on there.
@erast, no need to apologize.  i was hoping for a clear model but am curious if the clear ponos are numbered on the player or on the box somewhere.
@erast that is true. i would like to see a picture of the touchscreen on the le's. i do not believe one has been published. only photos of the sig's on chrome.
@ wc i think the clear is limited in this configuration, ie, with $100 worth of added leather case, box and music sampler. looking at update #22 leads me to believe it will be available after the campaign without those goodies but i may well have misread it. the ponomusic team can clarify it when they get in later, and if i've misled you then i will apologise but that's my interpretation of the description.
@erast, then why does it say x/500 limited edition on your right hand column of this page?  i'm just wondering if this will be numbered or not?  why the $100.00 usd extra?
@ lisa c you can always do it later on a computer - still 4 and a half days to go before everything gets tied down. plenty of time for decisions to be made.
erast i thought of that, tried but did not see how to post comment from iphone! thanks though! sorry to cause such a problem guys!
lisa why
don't you
just do this
ok lisa,  i leave it to you. i may just end up keeping the csn+y, especially if erast is right.
@erast you may be right, even probably :( i hope not though. i would like to think that they can engrave it with either a signature or the pono logo, and then gold-line the indentation :)
hey rich i messaged you back with long message, then got this ...info we're sorry, until you have made 3 postings to the forum you can only send private messages to administrators or moderators. when i hit submit! of course i had not saved my message, how funny! anyway, i am going to stay with what i've got for now!
@ richheart i think the distinction would be that you don't get the leather case, swish box, or 2 albums worth of music sampler.
@ lisa cooper why don't you just log in to ponopeople and leave 3 short posts? you could go to the section concerning swaps and say what you want to swap, etc.,  then make 2 short comments on other postings - say "looks good" re 2 different pictures of the les shown. just a suggestion to make life easier for you, then you should be able to send a private message after those 3 posts.
@erast says: limited 320 left of 500 so only 500 available on ks, if the clear is also available afterwards, i wonder if there will be any distinction?
@ wc the pono clear is not a limited edition, so will not be numbered (& given that it is not tied to any artist, will not be signed). it is more expensive than other coloured versions because it comes with the leather case, presentation box and pre-loaded music - that accounts for the extra $100. i believe it will be available after the kickstarter campaign but won't come with case, box, or music - and it will be at the list price of $399 (i might be wrong in my belief but as it's not a le..........)
?
will message you there
my handle is lisa. are you in the uk?
lisa, what is your handle at ponopeople. i will message you my phone no. and you can call me.
@creator - what makes the pono clear so special as far as the price?  is it harder to make in the production process, ( the other colored ones are 100.00usd cheaper)?  will it have a laser engraved 1/500, etc.?  thanks again for making music a priority!
hey rich i am having a little trouble w/ ponopeople. i did manage to register but when i try to message you i get this...info we're sorry, until you have made 3 postings to the forum you can only send private messages to administrators or moderators. i messaged the admin. i don't have 3 comments. no reply. i am not seeing how to post comment, i may just stay put for now. thanks though for being such a great backer! ;-) happy pono day!
hi lisa, can you message me. i am happy to let go my csn+y. basically, i hope i will stay with my clear, so long as pono clear up my questions :) else, i'll slip back for a buffalo springfield :)
@creator please, can we see a picture of the touchscreen on a le ponoplayer? has anyone seen a photo of the touchscreen on the chrome player?
@noisebot many of the questions and answers from this comments section have been captured at http://ponopeople.org/index.php best i
@ noisebot - you are making a pledge not a purchase at this point. a lot of the suggestions you make are valid though and have been asked repeatedly over the course of the campaign. if you are unsure go with a player that's out there and has full specs/reviews. reading this comment section lately a lot of people seem to be just concerned with the numbering of their player, which is bizarre. essentially it works/is like an ipod classic in terms of how you get your music on it except the pono is triangular, has much better sound quality (apparently), removable storage and a touch screen. i agree with you too that touch screen control is terrible, especially if the only use of the object is to play music. the ipod classic control in that respect would be much better/practical. i guess we just have to wait and see. anyway, as csn sang "have some faith in me".
i have one question. does pono require burn-in process? usually dac requires long time burn-in process before it sounds clearly and in full spec as expected. even ic amplifier takes at least months to perform its full spec. also ic devices needs to be kept in stand-by mode instead of turn-off. (i am using mcintosh ma6900 and always leave it on stand-by, while my another tube amplifier warm-up in 10 minutes or so..)  i would like to ask to those who have dac, and hear their opinions... thanks,
forgive me if any of the following has been answered, but i can't find anything in the updates or the pono website. i've been in the market for a new audio player for a while now and pono seems to be fairly priced given the storage size and pretty much in-line with other flac players, but i'm looking for some real specs. -what dac chip is used in the pono? how does it stack up against other players (which generally use the same chips)? -how big (mah) is the battery? "around 8 hours" doesn't say a lot.  -is the battery replaceable? -is it usb 3.0? if not, why not? transferring up to 128gb over usb 2 takes way more time in comparison. -can you actually write to the removable sd while its in the player, or can you only load 64gb to the internal storage and are expected to load the card separately? -i see that it has a file manager like itunes. can you use drag & drop through windows/osx or are you forced to use pono's software? -can it use playlists? can files be sorted into folders?  -does it show album art? not a single picture i've seen shows more than text & their logo on the screen. having a full colour touchscreen for text only seems like a waste. -can you play/pause/skip tracks via physical buttons, even if its buttons on your headphones? touchscreen control only is terrible if you don't want to start at a player every time you skip a track. i see potential, but with almost no real details i'm still skeptical and hesitant to go all-in.
@ dennis lane i have tom petty..     thanks for heads-up > @carlos
those were the days! https://www.youtube.com/watch…
this is great stuff!  maybe the dinner parties will hear some great stories!   https://www.youtube.com/watch…
found this!  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
go to any stereo store that sell hi-end audio. you won't see any, this is the way it is. low to maybe mid, definitely no hi-end. i been and audiophile a long time. trust me?
decades ago eq's were used to compensate for room acoustics.  is that not the case today?
99.9% of hi-end preamps or integrated amps, don't have  any tone control. ( eq )
flat is best, no eq on good equipment. it also depends  on quality or recording. eq adds distortions.
my hope for "pono player" "loading of an overly highly precise equalizer function" (equalizer of the quality which is equal to "onkyo hf player" in ios) the best sound tuning at the time of our listening to music changes with genres of the music to listen to. for example, when listening to the music of an acoustic genre and i listen to club music by the sound tuning thought to be a natural sound, i will surely feel the absolute shortage of forces.  moreover, the sound reproduced changes also with the audio instruments to be used. by headphone, the earphone, or a speaker, sound tuning differs greatly for every product especially. therefore -- though a however high-class audio system is used, without we use an equalizer "the music of all the genre" "the best sound balance" it is impossible to hear it. if it sees from a viewpoint of an audio file which pursues ultimate signal purity, it may be equal to keeping away from the ideal of an audio to use an equalizer. however, if we cannot listen to music in the best sound balance as the result even if it pursues ultimate signal purity, i think that it is putting the cart before the horse. first of all, the music of genres, such as a lock and club music, is an aggregate of an artificial sound made mechanically.  in order for us to listen to such music happily, it is a major premise to secure forcibleness and dynamic force.  in several of these years, two or more high-end portable audio players have appeared. (such as astell&kern"ak240", hifiman"hm-901", and ibassoaudio"dx100 (hdp-r10)") these have a wonderful sound quality. however, in the field of the functionality of an equalizer, it is greatly inferior as compared with "onkyo hf player" in ios. i feel dissatisfaction for this. on the other hand, chord which is a high-end audio brand has sent the portable headphone amplifier with built-in overly highly efficient dac of the name of "hugo" into the market. "hugo" corresponds to the digital connection with an ios device. therefore, we can enjoy the sound quality of the summit level by "hugo" in the world, using the highly precise equalizer of "onkyo hf player". however, since the ios device cannot use external storage, it cannot store a huge library. this can be said to be a fatal defect when a high-resolution sound source is stored. that is, the very ideal player having an ultimate sound quality and ultimate pliability does not yet exist.  "pono player" may get used to the existence of "a very ideal player". for that purpose, it is indispensable to adopt a highly precise equalizer. i want you strongly to introduce a highly efficient equalizer into "pono player". well!
last night pono team commented that they were working on one more le, but stated that it didn't look promising.  i wonder which artist it was?
@any nyle owners. i have a ny&ch le and want to trade for ny le. what do we have to do, to make this happen? catbeam@rogers.com
@any nyle owners. i have a ny&ch le and want to trade for ny le. what do we have to do, to make this happen? catbeam@rogers.com
i was hoping jimmy page & bob dylan.  would love to be the fly on the wall on the calls that didn't turn out.
i am hoping they are mobilizing their team to get media on the accomplishment of becoming the 3rd most funded campaign in the history of thousands of kickstarter campaigns.  i bet you they are busier than a one arm paper hanger!  but i bet it's a hoot!
@any nyle owners. i have a ny&ch le and want to trade for ny le. what do we have to do, to make this happen?
150 clear at 400
@dennis lane about 3 hours ago anyone noticed an uptick in pledges? usually jumps as it gets near the end but close to 350 clear ponos at 400 each helped to bad they dint land dylan, springsteen or the beetles or put up the blue pono but all is well should easily hit 6.5 million and all with no stretch goals
this is my first ks too.
@peter rustin you were right about the clear pono being offered to backers.
foo fighters available.
this was my 1st ks.
@yoshinari you may have missed @dennis mentioning he had a nych for a possible trade! under my statement.
http://tapeop.com/blog/2012/04/11/problem-bing-and-why-neil-young-right-about-sound-/
pono
oh, i posted with my wife's account. i hope i will not make mistakes anymore.. (by yoshinari)
@carlos  thank you very much. i would do that 3p's till i re-gain nych. (i mistakenly switched my pledge when i was driving to office and made mis-touch on my iphone lol.)  i would keep my eyes and browser opened. thanks.
@yoshinari i have a nych what do you have to trade?
@yoshinari don't give up, if someone doesn't trade you, keep an eye on the nych, and be ready to pull the trigger.  there has been movement and it will continue through the last days....especially towards the end.  do the  3 p's  patience...presence...preparedness! good luck.
i'd like to know, of all the thousands of pono backers, how many are first time backers.  i think that would be an interesting statistic.
@creator ps i have some killer in-ear headphones on the way! waiting for pono......
@creator wow 5 days! just a note to say thank you!!! for running this fabulous campaign! you have done a wonderful job of managing it, my first kickstarter. kudos to neil for dreamin it up. it has been very interesting, fun, and informative! someone should write a book about the pono kickstarter! i'm sure there are some good stories there...the guy who slept with his computer to get ny...the girl who tried but could not get logged on to ponopeople to post a message! why do we have to post 3 comments before we can message someone? i don't have 3 comments right now! looking forward to sticking with you guys through the up and down of it. if neil is anything, he is persistent! love the pono! thanks for everything you guys are doing for the listeners! ;-)
i hope its not a junk tshirt, but one we can wear proudly! american apparel tri-blend tshirts are the best! nothing better. a couple dollars more but people will wear them and scramble to buy more!! quality pono player = quality everything pono
does anyone want to swap my tom petty with nych ?
@k.w. when the campaign ends they will send out a survey that will ask for your shirt size as well as shipping information and such.
does anyone know how you choose the t-shirt size?
@ian yes, memento----krell
anyone noticed an uptick in pledges?
anyone hear about a justin bieber pono?  sure to be a hot seller, may be gone in like 15 minutes.  just kidding folks, i'm sure his name has never come up.
@siltech sonus faber?
@ omar - i kind of had that impression of the yellow pono too. but yeah i am sure it's not.
1 tom petty up
maybe the pono clear is not a numbered limited edition because they have no way of laser engraving the clear plastic finish.  in fact, the finish is one thing which has me concerned about clear. clear plastic may not bounce as well as the grey plastic or yellow plastic. i actually see the yellow in my mind as "rubberized". probably dead wrong.
@ian  thanks- signature
thanks, will try to make another kickstarter account!
@kyle, thanks. is late here in the uk. i am still working but need to focus on stuff here. hope you find your way in siltech. nice stuff, siltech btw...
@siltech there should be a register option upon trying to log in, or up at the top menu.
sorry, @kay beat me to it. :-)
@joanne if you make a second kickstarter account, you can link it to the same amazon account and get another pono unit. this is the only way to get more than one.
@joanne petersen create a second account with a different email linked to your credit card
yes kyle how can you register to log in?
@creator will you sell the clear "sampler" preload at the ponostore for the rest of us to download?
just wondering, it said in one of the updates that you'll be shipping to eu countries with ups but will you be using them with canada too? i'd prefer usps if possible just cause ups has terrible customs and brokerage fees up here.
@siltech only if you want to post comments or pm other members. all forums can be accessed as a guest though.
now that we're getting down to the wire, can we ease the restriction to one pono so i can buy a second one for my husband?  :-)
@mark thanks for the kind words! we mean to continue the site well after the kickstarter campaign and on into pono's success.
@creator how about a pono t shirt for the backer who guesses closest to the actual final total pledged?
playing musical ponos. i love it!
@ian kendrick that link you sent for pono people says log-in. how do you register?
thanks, jim!
@don not at all! jim dropped that one for his nych, glad you were also able to come out on top
@creator maybe you guys can design a case that can withstand a hard drop.
@kyle, i grabbed the csn&y. did i screw up a trade? (didn't mean to)
pono-people are awesome people! @pono you should hire these guys. great customer service team and quick
@ian and @kyle, well done guys! you move like slippery whippets chasing a greased bunny :)
if a payment for a kickstarter doesn't go through you get an email from amazon. they are the ones collecting the money. you have to update your card info or make sure there are funds available. they will then try charging you again. don't know how long you have before they 'give up' on you and disqualify you from the kickstarter project. it took me a couple of days once to get it right and i still got my reward.
your csny got snagged up pretty quickly thereafter.  happy backers all around.  good to see.
@jim nicely done.  congrats.
just picked up the ny&ch.  if that was you kyle, thank you, thank you, thank you.
only you @jim...ya perv...
anyone else sign up for this cause you thought it was for porno?
new forum added, called "trades, swaps, and drops" please find other means, privately, of trading cash for le units.  ponopeople will not be a part of monetary transactions for these limited edition releases.  therefore, this forum will only be active until the kickstarter campaign ends.
@mark. like this one? http://ponopeople.org/viewtopic.php…
tomorrow
you join as a member. i am the same handle there, just message me.
rich how do i message you on pono people ?
its like a poker game in this comment section :d lol @pono-people crew could you set up a thread for all the swappers here? may help people find what they want easier and thin out the comments section for anyone who has questions. with over 16750 backers now (wow!), its getting busy here!
@richheart please no, i probably left a #1 pono clear behind.
ah i've gone back to a black first , just to be safe as have the cash for that one
can't believe nobody's jumping on the black oct release available? i couldn't wait until december knowing i could have it in october.
@david that is fine we need to bring some light to the hi-res world of music. get people out of their crappy mp3 44.1khz files. you said it provides an "entire ecosystem" but i already have all of that. i just don't want to purchase music that i have already paid for in high quality (higher than 96/24) from a store again.  that is why i am backing the geek wave.
g'nite peoples :)
lisa, message me on pono-people tomorrow and we will set up a way of me transferring the csn-y to you. (i'm presuming it will be ok on the clear).
despite the issue of the clear, pono have not been around to answer questions about it, l.e. / signature / distinction from the post-ks clears that will be available.  when they clear that up (as it were :) ), i'll decide what i am going to keep.
hi lisa i must have got your nych tanks a lot
@nyle pono people i'll trade my ny&ch for ny plus cash.
your bank card has to be connected to your kickstarter account directly.
@darren you will have to use a bank card.  either credit or debit.
jim i gave up my nych! rich thanks for your encouragement! i'm going to keep trying! this is so much fun! i can't wait for pono to get here!
hi robert tanks for leting me know that so it if dose not come out of me bank , i could pay amazon full amount on the 17th , i hope so as short of $100 till the 17th , and i just got the last crazy horse
@jim email me... ponopeople@gmail.com
@darren see robert's better answer than mine :)
i'm happy to back this project not only promising me a digital audio player for a small pledge (i am a u. s. citizen), but one that has already gained notoriety for all manner of reasons. i just now found a huge wikipedia entry for neil young and gee, what an accomplished and thoughtful man! pono's offer to always make available the finest audio files as they become available and for no additional cost makes me want to buy from them. no one who offers to "garantee" (spelling...) skepticism can dissuade me from supporting this project--i'm not a cynic.
hi guys. any words on "black rhodium" cables? i was thinking to get the "prelude". does any one use it or know if it is worth the money?  thnaks @ richheart for your answer earlier :)
hey lisa and kyle.  i have a csny i'd love to trade for a ny & ch.
@richard. the most recent ny&ch didn't last much more than 2 seconds just now.
@darren they will attempt to charge whatever payment method you supplied before the 17th. probably on the 15th since it closes in the afternoon? how did you set up to pay? is it a bank card and you have overdraft protection or something? what does your payment method usually do if you don't have funds? kickstarter should contact you if your payment doesn't go thru although i don't know exactly how many days they give you.
@darren no it will not go through.  you will be contacted by amazon and allowed 7 days from april 15th to resolve your payment issue.
get it lisa
csn&y up.  let mine go for a ny & ch.
@don right. i am talking about a change over in less than 2 seconds
congrats, richard. no sooner did i hit the post comment button ... another ny&ch. lasted 4 minutes.
hi just a quick one , i am getting a black first as cash in low , if i try for a le and don't have the full payment till the 17th , would it still go trough
whhatt...
i have managed to, don
@ jeremie blais, moonbase read the description - it does not say pono clear is limited edition. it does come with a leather case, presentation box & music selection (which accounts for the extra $100). there isn't the manufacturing capacity to release it in october - read update #8
i don't think anybody could trade any of the sold out le ponos by canceling theirs at the same time, with the hope to grab the other's pono before somebody else notices it and grabs it. did you see how quickly the last crazy horse went?
@lisa.  if i decide to let go of my csn+y (i am awaiting clarification on the status of the l.e. clear, signature/marked as ks l.e.? then i will decide which to keep. if i keep the clear (60% chance) you are welcome to the csn-y
@creator, pono clear is or is not le ? unclear ???
@creator is the pono clear a numbered limited edition? and why is it not being released in october 2014?
@jeremie apparently they are not numbered.
two ways to do the switch. if you 100% don't want the risk of losing out to someone who lies in wait for you to switch: keep the one you chose, agree with the person you are planning to swap with to give the other person's address. (this requires trust to work). the, immediate but not safe way: arrange a time, be on the phone with the guy. one let's go the other one catches. if you want to keep times to a minimum, use a second account, set it up for a $400 pledge, so that when you switch, it doesn't delay you by asking you to confirm with amazon. then switch one at a time (not both at the same time).
@robert mais it's not?
i want to know why the clear pono is not an le for kickstarter.
@jérémie lol i want to know more about the sampler songs too. about many tracks? a mix of the ks artists maybe?
jérémie blais apr 9, 2014 and what is the ponomusic sampler? the ponomusic team apr 9, 2014 an assortment of several songs chosen by by several of us.
@david ding…ding…ding!!!  you said it my man!  "it provides the entire ecosystem!"  it will change the way music is heard…and that will change the way music is produced, that is saving the soul of the muse :)
i have a nych. i want a ny, a csny, or a pj. anyone? :-) @rich heart how do i trade without someone taking what i am trading for? i would have to get mine first before i would give up my nych!
hopin someone with two would enjoy a pj while makin' someone else happy!
@benjamin - all of these things are cool, and i give props to anyone who is trying to do their part in saving music quality. alot of others have pointed out several other devices that are already on the market. the difference with pono is: it provides the entire "ecosystem" (files, storefront, equipment, community), it has star power and momentum behind it. the general public has no idea what an astell & kern is, and wouldn't know where to find one (unfortunately). pono has the best chance of any attempt at high-res so far of being the rock-star, must have product. it has enough "cool" and publicity to it to be put on display at a best buy or wherever. and once people get listening it really has the potential to take off. every technology has its growing pains - for high-res fans, it was sacd, dvd-audio, very limited online stores, etc. - all wonderful formats in their own right but for different reasons never made huge traction. pono has the best chance of anything so far, and that's why our support and enthusiasm is so important.
@kyle no thanks. neil young alone is the only le, i would consider
i think the ny les are pretty well locked in...
@shane i have a nych le i'm trying to dump
anyone interested in trading their ny le for my pj le pono? it's the only le i would trade for.
people who sell other devices are starting to sweat.
looks like lh labs has a device called the geek wave that turns your phone into a hi-res music player and external battery charge with separate internal storage check it out. https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/geek-wave-your-mobile-life-amplified/x/6706796
@elizabeth vanpelt thanks.
@dennis lane your account is charged right at the campaign end, so april 15th. if a charge doesn't go thru, they notify you and you can provide alternate payment. i never got the impression that there are many donors that drop the ball... fyi, the first campaign that i donated to was veronica mars even though i never saw the show at the time of the kickstarter campaign. i like the idea of crowdfunding something that i wanted to see; even if this wasn't my show, people seemed really passionate about it so why not?  the vm campaign was run very well with tons of updates. i finally started watching the show just this jan and loved it so i was glad that i donated!
still 1 black october available.
i hear the sun is brighter at 6 mil!
now  wolf blitzer…cnn…fallon and others, you got to talk about it!  pono team call the media, don't wait for them to ring your bell…ring your own bell!
@rick  yes i did, i had to pull up there for a sec, but mars is history :)
@carlos yep.
@carlos - did you notice how it really just roared through that milestone...
congratulations indeed. am not sure how the campaign will end up in 5 days time, but a great result alright.
@creator congratulations. question, as with any venture there will be a certain percentage that will not be able to make good on their pledge, so how will it work? will a ny le that was sold out since time began be reduced from 500 to the number who paid up? just wondering.
@carlos - absolutely!
next stop 6 million dollars :)
pono has arrived!
yes. congratulations pono music team!!! making it to the third highest funded kickstarter project says a lot about the effort you guys put into this project over the past three years.
full throttle forward and we are off this bad boy!!!  3rd  3rd 3rd most funded :)
woooooohoooooooo!!!!!  go pono go!!!!
for those of you that are all about high resolution audio, but don't want to carry around a separate device - lh audio is introducing the "geek wave" at indiegogo.  this would plug into your smart phone and provide resolutions up to 6.1mhz and full dsd. i'm hoping that ponomusic will have an app available on the iphone/android so that you can hear that sweet sound on your phone. i'm not affiliated with the company, other than a backer of a project - but i'm getting a pono for my car and the wave for my phone. https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/geek-wave-your-mobile-life-amplified/x/5975160
we have just landed on mars!!!!  veronica mars!!!!!  congratulations  the entire pono team  all 16750+ of us!!!!!  we are the 3rd most funded campaign in kickstarter history!!!!!
black pono (oct) available.
just traded in a black pono (october) for a neil young and crazy horse (yes i had to spell it out)! i'm so happy! it's what i wanted all along!
$464.00 easy does it!
up..up..$879.00
portugal. the man now have more backers than kenny rogers (5 against 4) !
one more... stay on target
$479.00 flaps down, power back nose up!!!
to pono, or not to pono, that is the question. hell ya!
bingo! almost at $5,700,000.00
$2,239.00  flaps 1 click!
i saw one come up early on in the campaign, but i couldn't pull the trigger on another pono. it didn't last long.
not me, i've been keeping an eye out for one but i don't think anyone's letting go
just curious.  anyone pick up an early bird $200 pono in the shuffle? :)
$3,774.00 wheels down!!!
one cs&n le has been floating out there for someone to grab for a while now.....
@db i too will answer and then stop. if it is all about the player for you, then choose purely on that basis. please. just get on with it. if you don't have enough information, then wait until you do. please just do one thing or the other. for me and many others it isn't just about the player. what i am pledging for is to support this project. for which i get a reward/return. part of that is a player. a much more important factor, for me, is to do with being part of what pono is about in a much bigger sense. i bought an a&k because it is a player. i bought into pono because i believe it to be a very important movement. i understand that you don't get that, i am not going to try to persuade you, i have made my case already, many times. as for specs, i rarely read them these days. i read reviews and then decide. if someone tells me this things sounds amazing and enough people agree, then it probably sounds amazing. if it walks like a duck...  and enough people, musicians, seem to be behind this thing. it is not just about the player. if it was, then why on earth would i buy one? - i already have my a&k. so either i am an idiot or i have a point. i have explained all of this - just look me up and you can see my comment trail. and on the forum too. you seem to want everything to be ready now. this is a ks campaign, not a manufacturer's on line shop. it will be that later, once pono is on the road. i will stay true to my understanding of what pono is about, which is bringing the connections back between artist and listener and doing it in a true way with as little degradation in quality of music and relationship. if you aren't into that, that is your right. i think it unfair of you to focus on the player and to try to convince everyone here that that is all that pono is about. it has been said repeatedly that it isn't. your stance in saying otherwise is something i frankly find rather hurtful. and now i am repeating myself. i have expressed this many times. enough now. as richheart says please just choose.
$5104.00  promise, it'll be a touch and go!
been reading this all, yes really and i think one obvious point about specs that i have seen on other hw related ks is that with that much time they open the door to other competitors to come out with something similar and so they lose some of the momentum/etc.  once it is announced (i would guess around sept/oct) then others will dig in to see "what the magic is" but until then they are telling us who is making it only. is it ideal?  no, but i weighed the idea of waiting for the specs or simply giving it a shot.  granted i buy a lot of these types of things (an addiction....) and so i am as curious as anything.  but i do trust the parties enough to make the pledge.  if i didn't i would wait for reviews. in the world of these sorts of things (dac's, portable amps, music players, headphones...etc) this is a never ending battle and hopefully it benefits us as the consumer.  pushing ibasso, fiio, and others including all price levels will make our end results better. as far as the music hd discussion, there are two things.  first, music geeks (like most of us and on sites like head-fi) love to discuss the merits of resolutions, bits and on into cables, headphones mods and the like.  passion plays a big part of this and if we believe it then we will be happy and there is nothing wrong with that. second, if the pono goal is (and i think so) to make what is recorded and intended by musician to be what is available, regardless of bits, compression arguments, etc then we all benefit.  much like beats headphones may not be great to all they did, without question, raise awareness that there was more out there than white earbuds! sorry, long post but saved it all up for one, lol!
6719 and counting!
@db i will answer this and then stop. please just choose. we are told by someone who i choose to believe is telling the truth, that they can produce something i will like, at a price i accept. it makes sense to me, i'm in. yes i'd like to see the end product. but did drake offer any guarantees when he set off in the golden hind?
@erast, i know specs are not everything, but they are an indicator, and we have nothing else to go on!
coming in on final!  9179 to mars :)
@erast you say that like you don't think neil is going to make a lot of money from it.  i garantee you if he wasn't he wouldn't be doing it.  and so he should! i'm not saying you shouldn't trust him, just that i don't trust the dragons on dragonsden just because they put their own money into a project, that just means they are confident of making a profit.
@ db you never will know, until you hear them side by side. that's the gamble you take on being a backer. specs aren't everything.
alright backers... i gotta get out of here, try to get some work done.  the news of the day has been announced and we're approaching the 'mars' mark. no more new announcements coming in the way of pledge rewards.  its all about getting the word out at this point, so lets help out the ponomusic team as much as we can. catch you all over at the forum.  cheers and congrats once again for the successful campagin.
@ian, it's all about the player, thats what you are pledging for.  the reason i have questions is that i could pick up a number of players and download the music from the pono store on to them.  how do i know if the same music file is going to sound better on a pono to a fiio or ibasso when we are not even being told what the specs are.
@ db that previous comment related to being able to hear differences between 24/192 & cd, with the aid of a 'revealing' system. while we'd all like to hear a pono, but there's no way it's going to happen so we have to have some trust. neil young has put a huge amount of his effort & time into this - along with an awful lot of his own money, and that makes me believe it to be worthwhile.
@dg et al. i am not going to get into trading insults with anyone. i use my real name and i do not consider myself to be any more important than anyone else, either here or anywhere else. on the forum i use a different name, but if you look there you will find that i link it also to my real name. i have said repeatedly that for me this ks campaign is about far more than 'just' the pono player. i still hold that view. i believe i have expressed myself clearly and calmly and feel no need to do so again. i am a backer, have been since the opening hours of the campaign, with a nyle. i also use an a&k120. and, dg, i didn't call you a worm, you did.
while most of the marketing campaign focuses on high resolution tracks, that itself is a very small fraction of the picture. when it comes to enjoying the quality of what you are listening to, you need good hardware, decent headphones, well mastered audio and the resolution. what i love about pono is the fact that it tries to deliver on all fronts. if you are paying 400$ for nothing but an increase in resolution, it indeed is questionable whether or not that investment is hearable and if you couldn't invest that into headphones instead. pono is not purely about music resolution. it promises to deliver decent hardware within the box from a company that has quite a bit of experience with audio playback devices. the fact that neil managed to get so many artists into the promotional video shows you that he is also dedicated to increasing the studio recording quality and the quality of the mastering process. they are setting up a fairly independent online store, so you are getting a distribution platform. and yes, you also are getting higher resolution tracks. but pono is not about music resolution, it is about music quality. that is what appeals to me and that is why i feel like my pledge will make me happy. if we are making a step away from artificiality to quality, then i'm in the right place. :)
@erast if i were buying a different amp i would!  i'm not trying to say that all hardware is the same, of course it isn't!  but with the lack of any way to listen to a pono to see if it's hardware is any better or worse than the other players making the same claim, it would be much easier if we had some specs, or even response curves or something to go on.
10-4
showing my age (and awful sense of humour) here: to adapt a line from a terrible '70s record "let them truckers roll, 24/192" :)
@kyle whilst engaged, she asked me what i liked about the french. i thought for longer than she expected me to, and replied: "to hate them." we had a good giggle, a few happy years and got divorced (but not because she was from across the channel) :)
@rich my nickname in college was 'eurotrash' their words not mine lol
16,720 backers who believe in music and those who can bring it back to us.
@ richheart the pun, of course! my 'handle' is that of a fictional russian detective that i love to read :)
and i thought french was a nationality :) or as the english might say: a disadvantaged european :) just kidding i married someone from paris
@ db indeed - and there is some trust involved. you may have doubts but really you have to investigate sound rather than tech specs. is there a dealer you can go to and listen to some different amps, speakers, etc.? see if you can borrow a neil young album on blu-ray and the same mastering on cd to compare them?
i got my name from my parents......... so.......... yeah.
@erast that we overlapped our comments on 24/192  or @ my terrible pun? :) if it's the latter, sorry. btw i got my name from a friend who said i had a big, warm heart so she distorted richard into richheart. i adopted it as a handle.
i will say this... i find that, from my perspective (a dude that just loves music for music, and is just now cracking the barrier of the quality of said music as an unknowing consumer) this whole process has been way more exciting. all i care about is getting the music i love as close to untainted as possible (with convenience in both wallet and platform).  so... pono is rocking it.
hopefully trolls will become silent when they hear the music.
perhaps explains the feel with higher resolution music. ultrasonice "hearing" http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ultrasonic_hearing and infrasound "hearing' http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/infrasound
@erast "this is a site for backers" - er yes, thats why i'm here!
@ richheart aaargh!
@db this is a site for backers. the pono team have already said they will not be releasing full tech specs, so just accept that; if you need to have them, wait till they are released in october & make your mind up then whether to purchase (but you'll need to pay more - your choice). you sound like a marketeer for basso. if you like the sound of them, go & get one. re the merits of 24/192, again rather pointless discussing that here - go to the ponopeople forum (or computeraudiophile.com) for discussions. up to 24/192 is what is offered by pono, whether you believe in any merits for it is irrelevant (in my opinion). i might like eating meat but i don't go into vegetarian restaurants to try and persuade them to eat it. live and let live is what i say. as ringo would say: peace and love (with a v sign).
@kyle i too have doubts about hi-res and how much i will actually hear the difference between one version and another. however, when i hear dynamically compressed music, my stomach clenches up and i feel an urgent need to turn it off. so better sound, is neil's goal, he's got an extremely well respected hi-fi firm doing the physical side. i'm more likely to be buying the bargain of the decade than wasting $400. i love good music. i'm in. simple :)
@kyle i don't consider the 24/192 to be a deal breaker, if i did i wouldn't be a backer!  but i worry when pono are making fallacious claims about hd music and not being open about what we are buying.
@richheart dragonbait has been my gaming nickname for 20 years, and is based on a character from an ad&d book.  i have backed over 60 other kickstarter campaigns. it's not some name i picked because i want to annoy other pono backers.   i just desperately want specs unlike you i don't have alot of money (unless your name is also just a name and not picked to show off your wealth).  less than 6 months from being sent out pono know the exact specs for the player and i worry that there is a reason they are not willing to tell us what we are buying!
@erast my case m'lord :)
@ richheart good punning!
@db in my opinion, asking the questions is most certainly allowed, and all opinions are welcome on the forum site as well.  how are we expected to form our own opinions without asking questions? however, i do feel that there's a difference between asking questions and expecting the 'right' answers.  at some point you would have to garner a bit of faith in a company to provide a quality product. balancing the two is in the eye of the beholder.  i find your argument over 24/192 to be fascinating, as this is all very new to me.  its still not a dealbreaker for me either way, when regarding pono.
thank you kyle
@db 'course you can ask.... just you sometimes give the impression that it's more about being contrary than you really wanting to know the answer..... i was wondering if you were trying to be a drag, or where just keen on baiting
@michelle yes, they said there will be accessories involved in the store.
fm! a laser expert. i didn't know that it was impossible to engrave colourless plastic and then ink colour the engraving.
@richheart so as a backer i should sit down, shut up, and pay the money?  asking for specs of what i am buying is not allowed? discussing other players is not allowed?  discussing the cons of 24/192 is not allowed?
i wondered if a case would be available for all players, rather than just for the clear player? it wouldn't have to be included from kickstarter, maybe available from the shop?
@percy i think it unlikely that the clears will be numbered or signed.  the chromes are laser engraved which wouldn't be possible on clears.
@db you're far more important than @ian and i and kyle and neil and ayre and pono,  to you.  and to you, that's all that matters.
@ian kendrick  why am i a 'worm' (thanks by the way) just for asking questions and wanting to be sure i'm not wasting my money?  why do you consider yourself more important than other backers??
@rick it's about stock. if they make 3 colours then, when a v2 comes out they will have 3x the old stock. if the third colour only sells 10% then it will be a waste of space and stock, especially as the 10% who would have bought that third colour, will usually, happily choose one of the other two.
@richheart - i doubt they'll stop making yellow. the more colours the better. yellow will always be a seller. it's the sunshine colour.
@percy - they just came up with the idea for clear. more than likely, you won't get a peek at it until well after the campaign ends...
as the plan is to market the clear after the ks launch ends, and since the yellow is only half as popular as the black, the yellow might be exclusive to this project. if so, at less than 2,000 ever, a yellow might be more of a bargain than a laser engraved signature series :)
i thought that about chelsea too :)
@creator we need more information on the clear pono. will it be numbered and signed? what's in the ponomusic sampler? please post a picture! thanks.
@richheart i can't see it and, to be honest, with the football they play i'd rather see bayern go through
@creator -  suggest you change [pono clear: ponoplayer] to [pono clear - ponoplayer] it's kind of looking a little weak right now  {:<)
so will manchester united join chelsea and real madrid in the semis? can't see it to be honest, but then neither did i expect the comebacks we saw last night.
@richheart and @siltech responded to rich's clear le comment on the forum.  http://ponopeople.org/viewtopic.php…
@ian he bought a ticket.... hmmm that's a thought. i could feed the worms through the backdoor :) a watermelon might make more of an impression ha-ha
i'm saying 12 minutes and 30 seconds to mars
18429 to mars
i like the look of the gd pono with the logo instead of autographs. would like to see the same with the metallica le. just my .02 : ) lots of supporters and naysayers. ears will be the deciding factor come october. i hope that it is an even bigger success after they come out.
@jim - i'm betting the integrity of the pono music team members is significantly above that of the common politician or lawyer.
@richheart you feeding the worms again?
21024 veromica nars ;)
@rick nice thought process... but don't forget about the people that snuck into the movie through the back door cause an employee let them in.  they may even get a better seat number than those in line.
@rick i suspect that it is automated and reflect your explanation.  so if you are number 1 and that number means something to you, then you are safe ;)
2 csns available
wow.... 100+ clears gone already.
@db please drop it. either buy it or don't a watermelon and a cucumber have much the same components, which would you rather eat and which would you rather ... ?
@dragobait @doug - re: the number you get assigned for your le pono. i believe that it really works like this. backers are switching all the time throughout the campaign. even the total number of ponos sold for each pono le changes over time. if you bought #30 of a particular le and at the end of the campaign, only 25 of that le had actually been sold, you would certainly not end up getting an le with the number 30 of 25! so what they're going to do first is look to the date and time that each backer (finally) selected their le pono (thank you, kickstarter). then they will simply assign the numbers sequentially and your number will be based on the date and time you selected your le relative to everyone else. so, for example, if you're pretty sure the artist le you purchased was #11, and over the campaign #7 and #4 both dropped out, you will get #9 after the campaign loses. and that, of course, is the way it should be - just like being in a line up for a movie!
@jim you'll know more once the campaign ends, they'll be sending everyone information and request shipping addresses.  your #/500 might be included in that email. otherwise.  no, leave them to their priorities.
@richheart i understand ayre make good stuff.  just seems that the dx90 is using much the same components, with some other great advantages,
@carl i meant how they will be assigned to pledgers... not limited
@db james beat me to it :) do you believe neil young is committed to hi quality sound? he tried meridian and then ayre to get that sound. ayre don't manufacture anything for less than 10x the price of the pono.  it is like buying a mini and getting a bmw, only better :)
@ dragon bait.  the pono will have ayre acoustics implementation and more room on chassis for better components / capacitors. as to if that makes it found better, no one knows but ayre is one of the best high end audio companies around....
@james the dx90 and pono have the same dac (albeit the dx90 has 2 of them), the dx50 was a 'lesser' dac.
@ jim.   they just explained how the  numbering works. .... if there are 500 pledged.  that is how the numbering works.   if say 49 sell.  it will be 1/48, 2/49 etc.
@richheart i am listening, please tell me!
@dragonbait i have a dx50 which, while good, has left me a little underwhelmed. i'm hoping the pono is a step up and assume it'll be a good deal considering we're essentially getting a budget ayre. on paper the dx90 does sound good though
@db 16,690 people can tell you...  but you do have to listen :)
do we have any word from pono on how the numbering will be?  i seriously doubt the last person to actually get the last le pledge of 500 will get 500/500...
i'm still struggling a bit with pono vs the ibasso dx90, can anyone tell me what advantages the pono has?
after last night's comment from the pono team about a surprise to be announced today, i'm very happy it is the clear pono!  thank you
very tempted to give up oct black for a clear. that being said, if anyone fancies giving up an early bird... didn't think so, thanks anyway
clear going 1@minute. will slow down a bit too. this time tomorrow they should all be gone.
october delivery for the clear would probably make me add this to my december delivery le.
excited about the pono clear music samples. any more info on that?
@kyle community created. community served. well done
@ian kendrick what do you think of clear le
i honestly wouldn't care if they took what we've already started and integrated it into their own version of a similar forum.  it's just nice to know they support the idea. honestly i started the thing out of a lack of knowledge for the hi-res audio scene... i figured i'd learn more from the people that know it best... the industry's consumers.  its done well for me in that regard.  so thanks to all participants over there.
@ian and that you were.  nonetheless, good cop, bad cop/moses n' aaron... no 'arm in it, innit? :)
@richheart - i was trying to be subtle.... ;o)
on the battery issue.. from the photos, they seem to be using a cylindrical lithium battery, not some custom case-shaped molded li-poly cell. that certainly suggests that, even if pono didn't offer a replacement (or apple-style replacement service), it wouldn't be difficult to track down an off-the-shelf replacement. most secondary lithium cells have a slow aging factor, so they're going to be good for about 300-500 full charge/discharge cycles, or about three years, depending on storage, temperatures, etc. of course, many smartphone users have noted that their batteries actually last over  a standard 2-year contract... because they trickle change their cells. if you don't fully discharge a battery before charging, it lasts longer (as long as it's not a nicad). that's how hybrid cars can constantly charge/discharge their cells and still last a long time (my prius is 11 years old and had 215k miles, no battery problems). better still if they didn't allow it to be charged to 100%; hybrids cycle over 40-70% of the full capacity of the battery.
thanks :)
@carl the logic of the clear sounding clearer,  is the logic of logistics applied to  the status of statistics.
clear is kinda cool but i'm sticking with petty. there is not a chance that one will be able to "hear" the difference and anyone who thinks that is the case is just plain wrong... but i do like that concept...
@ian i think they intend to start from scratch (a post a couple of thou' ago said something like that, look it up on the weekend :) ). whatever, the forum will give them a data-base to start with. i hope they 'buy' the site off the founder, he has helped the project out of his own pocket. it would be good (and pono) to see the good, rewarded.
@kyle @rich  as i understand it, the word from the pono team is that once the ks campaign is done they will set up a forum for use by us folk. maybe they use the one already there, maybe a new one.  good to see the spam come down a bot here.
welcome db :)
@kyle i got that, the balance is right. the in depth stuff is over there, the leads over here.
lol as the bait becomes our newest member.  welcome dragonbait.
@rich no thanks deserved, but much appreciated all the same.  i've been trying to keep the spamming to a minimum over here.  i just assume that once this ks campaign is over, people will end up finding us over there if they really need an outlet for pono discussion.
@richheart i will be content with it just numbered, and unique to this campaign, and if they want to put the campaign pono team on it, that will be great too!
@kyle thanks, and thanks for all you've done for this campaign.
@carlos  the ayre designer? ny? the ceo? all 3? :) or maybe a pono-logo
@richheart signed by who?
@rich you make a good point over there... hadn't thought of that.
@dragonbait i read it differently then.  i understood you get the pono the person left behind and the reason for that is they can tell you what number you have and it will not change even if people pull out or buy in.
@creator and @carlos and signed too? please? :)
@creator, will the clear pono players be numbered and also limited to our campaign?
i commented over at ponopeople on why i recommend the clear, on sound quality grounds :)
@richheart @doug thankfully it occurs to me they have already indirectly answered this question, and you will move up the line.
all kinds of black and yellow octobers are opening up for those interested!
@dragonbait everybody would move 1 then! so if that were the case you would look for all gone 500/500 wait till it drops to 499 then pounce and you wowould have 500 of 500 which in some people eye's is as good as 1 of 500 as its the last one.
these things might be moving faster than the ny+ch les a few weeks ago....  they're flying off the shelves!  our sleeping brothers and sisters outside of america aren't going to be happy.
life's just not always fair :)
i think if #1 drops out it is only fair that the second longest backer moves gets it.
@dragonbait in the round, the exact number is not that important to me. i am about #12 on the clear, if i get boosted to 9 or not, i know that i was among the 5 people who got one between when i changed my pledge as it showed 490 left, until i refreshed with 485 left... what does it matter? it will sit on my cabinet at home, i'll probably tell a few people the story of this ks project.... blah blah....
you don't get the choice! so it irrelevant. number 1 drops out you had better have another account to pick it up but that's if you knew number 1 dropped out which you don't.
@richheart if you are at #2 and #1 drops out which would your prefer #1 or #2?
you drop a number 100 of 500 pono and someone comes along a picks it up of course.
keep a look out a lot of openings happening :)
drag-on-bait, hmmmm if #17 drops out and you get boosted from #500 to #499, then again and again, so you end up #493, which would you prefer?
@creator why not release the ponoclear in october 2014 ?
@pono, thanks for the great, clear, update #22 question: will the clear be numbered? will clear be available after this ks campaign? any chance of it being signed by pono team members?
@soham i would sincerely hope everyone moves up a number.  would be unfair if someone buys one last minute and ends up with a much better number than an early backer, @creator?
in double blind tests, it looks like this one will sound best of all :)
hmmm ponoclear dec 2014?
clear, limited edition :) probably numbered? pehaps signed by the team? the designer? ny and ayre ceo? the wiring will be immaculate as it will be on show! it is also the only non-chrome one, so this will be the rarest of them all.... mirror, mirror? :)
shame the clear is priced with the le's and not with the other plastic models :(
bagged my self a clear! gonna be beautiful, thanks pono. epic stretch goal :)
i know the whole number thing has been asked to death but there is one thing i was wondering. if i drop my player, say it was number 300 of 500, does the person who picks it up become number 300 or does everyone get shifted along?
@ilan i saw black rhodium on ebay. i knocked them off my short-list after reading reviews. not such a solid method of testing cables, but i don't have access to a better one. ian on here reviewed the ichord favourably. i am debating between that and the d-fi (more expensive) or golden gate (audioquest - cheaper). there is of course the sydney which will cost you nearly as much as the pono if you want a long cable :)
pono "clear" player now available!
closing in on mars!  50,214 dollar miles close!!!
1 black october up.
t@rob : go to this link, there may be some people able to help you in a minder drukke omgeving http://ponopeople.org/viewtopic.php…
good idea! @andreas
1 cs&n  up
hi guys. any words on "black rhodium" cables? i was thinking to get the "prelude". does any one use it or know if it is worth the money? thanks
@ dennis lane... i was afraid for that answer. thanxs. i'm still happy with my foofighters le... but there are 2 or 3 le's i like too.
@rob van dijk that's the only way. check in as often as you can...i picked up a ny le that way.
@dennis lane whats the best way to keep an eye on available le's? scrolling and searching ;)
pono le ny w. ch :-) and at home to play fiio x3 to play with since dez. 2014 it´s a goog day :-d
@tyler there will be a lot of shuffling towards the end of this kickstarter, lots of different les will be turned back into the pool as some realize they will have to pony up. just keep an eye out for it.
.net
looking for a pj le. i know it's a long shot but i gotta try. have a csn&y currently. wanna trade?  email me duncanjt@telus.
@siltech: i mean a pono le player from a heavy metal band, preferable in black chrome finish. *.*
?
*still waits for a heavy metal le one*
1 tom petty up
@tom good point about the credit card check!
woop.  able to snatch 500th foo fighter le.
make sure your credit card info is up to date!
also, check this out, http://www.songlyrics.com/neil-young/transformer-man-lyrics/ transformer man = the pono team
today we fly by mars!!!, we are only 53,125 dollar miles away, woohoo :)
for the remaining le's, maybe they will change the total amount ahead of closing to create momentum. let's say 100 elton john pono's means 22 left for the last 5 days. 300 grateful dead total, with 66 left. one way to do it.
hopefully the pono team will have a big pono festival somewhere with various vendor booths and live bands!!!  that would be sooo much fun!!!  and would be a great way to market world wide.  pono kickstarters come for free!!! a big big big party, outdoors somewhere with many, many artist that support the integrity of the muse! different stages set up for various musicians, food vendors, all things pono related merchandise vendors and open to the public as well. aired live and recorded on the internet free for pono kickstartes that could not attend with the muse compiled on an album to hear on pono. maybe even a blu-ray dvd of the events! free or at discount for pono kickstarters, but to be pre sold at the pono store. i'm ready to go! :)
@thomas  sound isolation: best from an iem with custom moulds. there is absolutely no sound leakage from the 'phones to the outside world and they achieve better isolation than things like the bose noise cancellation phones - which are very good. this also means that you can listen to things quieter because it isn't competing with the external environment. great for train journeys. :o)
@eduard that's fine my pono will ship in december so i'm cool with that! look forward to it.
@robert, thx for your suggestion.
@nick ; like us here in europe, you will have to wait for the store to open for us due to rights. pono is working on it to get us our music asap but do not expect it to be this year.
@creator @pono music team - can we request what music could be added to the catalogue? probably kraftwerk's entire remastered album ('the catalogue'), lcd soundsystem's catalogue and daft punk's catalogue? and as an australian, i have a small amount of hires audio but i'd love to know if aussies will get access to the ponomusic store?
thomas: i suggest you try the shure se535. not only they sound great, they are sturdy and their cable can be replaced if need be. when it comes to sound isolation the se series from shure is second to none. they are quite expensive though. also some people prefer iems with heavier base.
@ian, thank you for the info and link!
woohooi! i can see mars from here.....veronica mars!
correction, magic=pono
if you have any doubts about neil and the pono team, check this out http://www.lyricsmode.com/lyrics/n/neil_young/change_your_mind.html just substitute the magic touch with the word pono!
@thomas  there is some stuff here http://ponopeople.org/viewforum.php… everyone seems to like what they use, which is fair enough. after trying lots and lots over the years, i have settled on etymotic er4p/s. on my third pair and have got custom moulds for them. if this pair get stolen or damaged (fate of previous pairs), i would just replace them. they do everything i want and i am fussy, already into hires. check out the forum...
would like to hear from someone on suggesting a nice set of hi res playback headphones for the pono? if you could attach a link that would be appreciated.
i can't wait to hear marvin gaye on my pono player! mercy mercy me will sound incredible!
@phalanger i've change the battery in my nokia n9 that have a non replaceable battery. if you just can get the battery, i surely think, that you can find how to do it on youtube.
dear pono, please un-vlado meller any albums he's mastered. thanks.
thank you neil, john hamm, ayre acoustics and the entire pono music team for planting the seed for the renaissance of one of the most powerful and positive art forms on earth!! - since you've been so kind to review thousands of personal requests, i'll add two more :-) artists for pono music's music store: 1) allen toussaint (his vinyl lp, 'the bright mississippi' (great album and stellar recording) is fetching $100 per copy right now), 2) ray lamontagne (all of his albums are well recorded & packed w/ soul - imo as far as recording quality his first three (all produced by ethan johns) are particularly wonderful).  mahalo nui!!  get us all to the surf on time (before it's too late)!!! long may you run!!!!!!!!!
@richheart: that is exactly what i am thinking, having replaced parts that are not user-replacable before. as long as they last past the warranty i will be happy.
@phalanger and @eduard pono have said, after many such requests at the beginning of this campaign, that the design does not include a replaceable battery and for this campaign, that will not change. however, the warranty is for 1 year (2 if ec law applies), the battery should last longer than the warranty. by then, some techie will have posted a step by step on how to user replace (i hope) :)
@phalanger: is the non-user-replacable battery part of the design set in stone? this is my biggest problem with the pono offering right now# i agree, hopefully pono will change this because for us non us sponsors it means having to be without a pono for at least a week!
@jim  jeez that's dedication to the cause that's pretty much how i got my foo's le tho except not that time of the morning !!  roll on october
@jim hovarth congrats! actually felt bad for you while you were searching. everything comes to he who waits....and waits...and waits.
@anthony thanks... :) good things come to those who sleep with their computer and randomly wake up and reload the page a few times at 3:12am edt
is the non-user-replacable battery part of the design set in stone? this is my biggest problem with the pono offering right now. with regular use, a lithium battery lasts about 3 years before its capacity is seriously diminished. does this mean 15.000+ ponoplayers in the trash in 3 years from now (including toxic batteries in most cases)? not an idea that makes me very enthusiastic. i dislike this habit of some phone manufacturers aswell. it makes such devices seem designed to be disposable short term items, to be thrown away when the battery is getting worn. i feel like that's not what pono should be about. atleast that doesn't seem very 'righteous' to me. i realize that it may be possible to send it to the factory for a battery replacement but we all know that's not the practical reality in the vast majority of cases; they will go in the trash instead. im still backing the project but this does bother me a bit.
@jim horvath  nice on jim just woke up logged on and that"s the first comment i see....at last !
@creator, since hip-hop is missing, hopefully the one that you mentioned will hopefully be a grandmaster flash, public enemy, the roots, etc., l.e. but i'm not holding my breath.  as a neil young fan first and foremost, i'm just happy to support pono and neil with their vision.
there's a tp going too
i got a pj!!!
@moonbase 16,606 backers 4,501 (now 4502 :) ) comments one comment per 4 backers...  very low resolution :)  especially as some backers may have commented more than once  ... ahem :)
4,501 :)
@don "there actually is a form of compression plaguing contemporary cds, but it is the compression of the audio, not the digital compression of the data file. it's the kind of compression that's being used as a weapon in the "loudness wars."" very true, and unfortunately it can also be done to high-def audio, as well.  there is an interesting comparison of the 6 (!) downloadable versions of beck's most recent album "morning phase" (including an hd flac download) here:  http://www.computeraudiophile.com/content/569-and-winner-%85/ "the vinyl experience" version was the reviewer'a preferred, followed by the hd version, so the mastering has a lot to do with the current problems, as you would expect. that webpage is a very interesting read that i would recommend to anyone here. so, hopefully pono will stick to their plans and their versions will be "full dynamic range high fidelity".  (i think i remember reading that tag line on a lot of my lp labels in my youth, but i can't recall which label it was exactly.)
@creator 'an even better surprise....' we are all getting dinner with neil??? god loves a trier.....
@ brandon lieu because the response was much larger than anticipated. the manufacturing line doesn't have the capacity to produce so many & there probably isn't enough availability of all the components. if all les were promised for october delivery, pono wouldn't be able to produce the standard black & yellow models which were pledged for before a lot of the les were announced. first come, first served. please go to the 'updates' section and see # 8 from ceo john hamm (dated march 19th) - currently on page 3.
robert mais--i was thinking the exact same thing. but, i still got to keep my neil  young le
i am hoping the surprise is a transparent enclosure to show off the architecture within!
curious as to why some le's are planned for the october release with the early birds while others are out due in december for the 2nd batch?
@creator "an even better surprise" a hint pretty please? thx for the responses!
@creator "an even better surprise"
everyone.  we apologize for the late responses today.  we've been in meetings all day planning for how to hit the ground running after kickstarter.
@wade mclaurin yes.  the touchscreen supports unicode and so asian characters in track metadata will appear.  but the menus, etc. will be in english.
@elizabeth toncic sorry guys.  we were planning on closing out the les today.  but we're waiting for new from one last artist but it's not looking very likely.  we'll close out the les tomorrow for sure.
@jérémie blais @rick gagnon thanks for pointing this out.  just fixed it.  elton john is now listed on the home page.
@carlos we appreciate each and every backer and each and every donation.  we are continuously thinking about ways to make all your contributions very unique to kickstarter.  we'll definitely discuss with the team whether there is a way to make every contribution even more special.  the primary means of memorializing all your contributions is by recognizing all our kickstarter backers on our website and keep the honor roll there forevermore.
hi all it would be great if you gave us a week or 2 more no the closing of the kickstart , as some of us might buy more then one if we hade  a bit more time , thanks for keeping music alive and well , i am downloading lots of flac for oct .
@jerry it doesn't look good for the blue pono but we may an even better surprise for you tomorrow.
we will be posting a update about the stretch run of our campaign tomorrow.
@all i believe what @c. c. shen is asking is about the display language for pono. is it possible include chinese as 1 of the language available in the pono.
looking for a pj le. i know it's a long shot but i gotta try. have a csn&y currently. wanna trade?  email me duncanjt@telus.net
who needs electricity for an electric guitar...not neill!  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
i believe @c.c. shen is hoping for the pono touchscreen to be able to display asian languages per the settings...seems like a reasonable request if this is going to be a world-wide device...
@c.c. shen - i don't know how easy this would be to support, but you need to ask the question of kickstarter not pono music. 我不知道如何容易，這將是支持的，但你要問kickstarter的不pono音樂的問題。
@c.c. shen: try google translate
any chance you will be bringing on any other artists for the signed editions? personal favourites would be james blake or no doubt! :d
@creator is it possible to do what @c.c. is requesting?
i am from taiwan, we usually not only listen the western music, but always listen the own music and near regions, please be let the screen can display the asian languages, tradition chinese language, simplified chinese, japanese, korean etc...
@jérémie blais  - noooo!  but just why are they so quiet today?
@elizabeth t yes, i can see it meaning that :( i was hoping for an amazing le to close the campaign i guess. @carlos  lol :)
a slice of history.  really looking forward to my grateful dead pono player arriving.  i am a long time collector of grateful dead music, this will be an amazing edition to my collection.  i really don't know why dead.net is not marketing this.  i have spread the word to the deadhead pages i'm on.  i'm sure the le players will be sought after items on down the road.  grateful dead limited stuff always is.  keep jamming.
@rick gagnon really ?
@everybody - they were watching the voice on cable... yeah, that the ticket!
@elizabeth toncic probbuhbleh
evp, looking at those 2 posts,maybe the announcement was to officially announce the les were strictly for those of us who supported pono on kickstarter. so maybe there is no other les. could be easily cleared up if @creator is monitoring board & could give us a definitive answer!
if you guys nod, maybe you can set your emails to sound off...in case they do something and notify with an email, just a thot.  or give the board your phone numbers and we will will all call you and wake you up if they release!  just kidding :)
sorry second and 14th posts. i can't count so late at night :) https://www.kickstarter.com/profile/1003614822/comments
@nathan a yep.
the second and 13th (i think) recent posts gave me the impression something was going to be announced today too. https://www.kickstarter.com/profile/1003614822/comments
i think your right, and maybe that's it. i hope when i wake up in the morning, there isn't a surprise.
evp, i think i may have 1 more hour in me tops! lol
ron,i thought today was the last day for anything new. at least that's what i got from @creator's message yesterday...maybe i'm wrong but that seemed to be the general consensus on this board today!
same here. if not today, is there a chance they'll do one tomorrow? or is that it?
@elizabeth t i'm in nj too. near six flags and falling asleep as well.
thanks ron all is forgiven just hoping they tell us what the new le is before i nod out here on the couch! lol
@et sorry about the other day, and i apologize.   ron
and it's only 5:40 in san francisco  @creator are you out there?
while elton john is not on the "why should you support our kickstarter", he has by proxy being a part of it from the beginning.
more - more - more - more - more - more - more - more
yes, still waiting in the uk and it's 1.34am
i know @creator said today they were closing down new les but are we sure they are releasing a new one today? 8:30 here in nj & i assumed if they were going to release one, it would have done by now. @creator,can you clear this up one way or another?
@rick gagnon @creator yup, elton john, isn't on the 'why should you support our kickstarter?' home page.
@creator thank you for your response.  i wish all that love music knew about this campaign, and everything to sell out!  that being said, as a backer, i appreciate the gratitude over the dollars.  in my life, it seems to work out better that way.  imo, life really is all about intention.  if i were running this show, i would extend that gratitude to every soul that made a pledge.  i would make every item on this campaign unique to this campaign...including the signed posters, the black and yellow players, t-shirts, stickers, all of it.  just change something on all that stuff for the business products and promotionals to come.  slight color variations or logos or something different.  i know you guys are still reeling from the enormity of this incredible success!  i know that when neil said it changed his life he meant it.  i feel the love, just like i do in the muse :)  many supporters here would love to buy an le player, but for now maybe only a shirt or a reduced price/color pono.  and some just want to support with a buck because they believe in what we are doing, and to those folks.  i would mail letters of gratitude from the pono team.  i would celebrate the success of this campaign by doing just that, letting every pledge of every dollar know that this was a once in a lifetime deal and they made it happen and all of it is unique to and for everyone involved.  at any rate, that is just me, and i believe that you guys are doing all that you can to make the pono dream a reality and most importantly from a place of good intentions. keep-on-driftin-back!  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@creator since you changed your decision on the number of limited editions to kickstarter only any chance of changing the decision on the blue pono
@anthony broadstock nope...i missed it. i am a complete loser with virtually no scrotum.
more - more - more - more - more - more - more - more
the allman brothers would be a great le ,
@elizabeth - what's the equivalent of stomping your feet and yelling more on a comments page? ok everybody, let's wake them up.... more - more - more - more - more - more - more - more
beastie boys pono would be sweet.
didn't think they'd make us wait this long for the last le(s) this has been an all day/night affair! :)
i guess that given a deceased band member, it would be too much to hope for a clash le.  if they did it (and if "london calling", the greatest rock record ever were on it), i would be in for 2 les. (keeping my neil young!)!!
@david stecklair re zep at theo2, we were lucky enough to get tickets on the second ballot for that show. if you had tried to sell your tickets on, the promoter took them off you and put them up for 2nd ballot. you even get your name printed on the ticket. have the next days london evening news poster signed by john paul jones. says something like 'led zep storm london'
cd's have to be compressed other wise they would sound as good as vinyl right
there actually is a form of compression plaguing contemporary cds, but it is the compression of the audio, not the digital compression of the data file. it's the kind of compression that's being used as a weapon in the "loudness wars."
@frank - sorry to hear that you're troubled. while it's true that cds are technically "raw data" and do not employ lossy algorithms to store information, the material in question starts off in the studio at bit-depths of 24 (or even 32 in rare cases, as i understand it), at varying bitrates ranging from 48-192. from there it has to be "downsampled" to get on a cd. so while the files contained on a cd do not necessarily employ any lossy compression, they are a far cry from what was being played at the mixing desk in the studio, and truly a "compressed" version of the original source material, squeezed down to fit the format. pono will be giving us studio-quality masters, not what had to be altered to fit on the geriatric cd format.
bedtime for me in the uk. i'm going to guess the le will be........ paul mccartney - and they'll all be gone when i get up in the morning! good luck, fellow backers.
grabbed a ny&ch...that makes my tuesday. it will be a nice christmas present.
@elizabeth - yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees!
so is everyone waiting like i have been for @creator to announce the last le(s)?
@ frank soooo, the beatles love cd has 26 songs on it. no doubt that there is compression there!
it is troubling that @creator, the spokesperson for pono, is so misinformed, thinking that cds are a compressed format.
@carlos: carlos that's exactly why we limiting les to kickstarter. it's our way of saying thanks to our supporters for helping us launch this company. we're hoping that these will become collector's items and a cherished possession for all our wonderful backers. it also helps make some of the les with lower number of backers to become even more special.
@jim horvath  looks like they both released their le's jim hope you were on the ball when it happened !
pj was just up too
foo fighters available.
@david, no, missed that one. this was all in the late 60s and early 70s. led zeppelin i & ii days. they were new and they were great! i can remember them even now... jimmy page pointing up into the stands and then double echoing his guitar right where he was pointing. i guess that's why live is always the best!
ramones would be cool, but i don't have that much desire to hear ramones in lossless... i guess i never really listened to them in detail.
six more days ran into this forum lots of talking about pono tell everyone you know http://www.computeraudiophile.com/search.php…
@rick - wow, you are lucky! i'm on the younger side (26) so i never got a chance. you didn't happen to get to see them at the '07 reunion show?
@david yeah, you're right about neil demoing zep... i was fortunate enough to see zep live four times, or maybe it was five. what's important is that they never disappointed in anything they did. being able to hear them again in a concert sound equivalent environment will be amazing.
cd audio is uncompressed and uses a 44,100 hz sample rate and 16 bit samples. what this means is that audio on a cd is represented by 44,100 separate measurements, or samples, taken per second. each sample is stored as a 16-bit number. audio recorded in studios often use a bit depth of 24 bits and sometimes a higher sample rate.
@frank i believe your correct. cds are pcm, uncompressed.
@ carlos more importantly, i'll never listen to it the same way again!!!
remember this!  you will never look at music the same way again!  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@rick - the first round of remasters are coming out in june (first three albums), and the rest will follow periodically. the only way to get the 24/96 tracks at this phase is in the super deluxe editions, but they cost a pretty penny. i think there's a very good chance we'll see the high-res zeppelin remasters on the pono store, especially since neil can be heard demoing "kashmir" inside his car during some of the videos. http://www.ledzeppelin.com/buy/
@david thanks for telling me that. certainly worth waiting for.
@rick indeed. but regardless, the fact that the zeppelin remasters are coming in 24/96 around the same time as the pono player launches couldn't be more perfect.
@creator has misspoken.  cds are not compressed.
@anthony broadstock hey, no problem. thanks for the heads-up regardless!
@david stecklair but you'd trade it for zep in a heartbeat!
@wayner pono has unfortunately stated that there will be no metal band les.
ultra-limited "gary glitter" pono player with special glitter case now available! jk, jk
6 days left, i'd love to see a tool special edition
@creator just a note... elton joh's name n is missing from the list of artists backing pono music in the 'why should you support our kickstarter?' block on the home page. just thought you would like to know.
@peter rustin respect to you, i was only 6 in 74. sadly, never saw them with keith on drums. my grandmother used to live next door to keith moon's parents. we never saw him around. i met roger daltry after a gig in canada in 95 and he told me he used to drop in on the moons whenever he was back in london with the guys (pete & john). saw zak starkey support on drums 3 times, great drummer...better than his dad.
please offer a ramones pono!!! 1st three albums on it with that eagle logo!!!
'@jim horvath  sorry to say im on holiday the rest of this week now jim and he is a workmate who im not in contact with out of working hours last time we spoke was when i posted earlier.
@kevin hill i too was lucky enough to see them do quadrophenia last year in los angeles, and we perhaps even luckier to see it live in 1974 with all the lads.  i really hope that a good  master of q is used and i will pony up and buy it yet again. i too wonder what a lot of teenagers will think about what they listen to now in 40 years.  it's easy for adults to say that teen age music is rubbish, but i swear that most of it is. my kids and their friends only listen to their stuff on laptops/earbuds. i'm hoping to show them how music can sound.
@anthony broadstock sorry again anthony, but have you heard from your friend about what he might be doing with his le that i was interested in? i'd really love to set something up with him if possible! i've pledged for a black october already but they're my favorite band and i missed out earlier. would be great to upgrade. thanks in advance, jim
hey neil, my bass boost don’t work no more my treble is just incomplete it all sounds so flat! i got the high fidelity, anticipation anxiety blues. do i have to wait? or can i get it now and blow these blues way. love you man. keep on rockin’ q
@peter rustin  thanks for the heads up. i think albums like qaudrophenia were designed for pono. i have listened to it in 5.1 but no longer have a 5.1 system. can't wait to hear music how it was meant to be heard again! now i need to decide how best to support my player speaker wise. saw the who, quadrophenia live last year. very emotional gig, pete and rog won't be doing this again probably. the artist today need to pick up on this revolution and start making quality recordings which can exploit the depth of resolution pono will provide. too much rubbish is churned out to the kids of today.
the amount of noise related to the le numbering is so bizarre.  here's hoping we all get a piece of paper stating "your le is one out of a limited run of 500".  sheesh! galup.
@kevin the kickstarter rules don't limit you except in numbers over 10.  many campaigns allow you to purchase multiples just ny increasing your pledge. i'm guessing the only reason pono are not doing that is because of the various le's. @creator perhaps you should allow people to pledge for additional 'standard' models by increasing their pledge (ie they can pledge $400 for an le, or $700 for the le and a standard model.
and when i look at my le it would be nice if the numbers represented us, the backers, the ones that made this (the ks campaign.) happen.  they can inscribe the total number of backers on it as far as i'm concerned, at least that represents ks-pono. should pono have the empty chairs ready at the dinners in case promoters want to join in?  just depends on what the intention is!  respectfully...jmo
@ kevin callaghan you can purchase a second le pono player right now. just set up a second ks account using a different email address than the one you used to buy your current player. plus, you use the same amazon account to reserve your purchase. no need to wait. no need to pay more. do it now!
to be fair i don't give a damn as long as i get my le ....could not care less if it's numbered or not !
....... the day the music took a back seat to the argument over numbers.  oy.
a suggestion. at the end of the ks campaign, why not give us backers an opportunity to purchase another le pono. some of us would have picked up more than one but the ks would not allow for that. you could limit the time period for this to one week or so. it would act as a reward to us backers, benefit the pono start up and support the artists. i think you had proposed this at one time although you would be increasing the cost since the bargain rate only applied to the ks. anyway, think about it and congratulations on your success so far.
@ anthony broadstock, et al the proposal is for ponomusic to make 240, or 160, or 85 les. if only 237, or 159, or 81 les respectively are sold during the campaign, the remaining les are used for promotional purposes after the campaign. consequently your xx/240 etc. is always base on the actual number of les made for that artist. not fictional numbers, actual numbers that reflect the number made. as for numbers lower than 500, there a lot's of reasons why a specific le is not sold out. anyone who has followed kenny rogers' career, for example, will understand this musician's popularity - he's sold millions of albums! the final number doesn't reflect on the artist's reputation; it reflects on any number of issues not related to the artist at all. the real point is, when i look at my pono le, i want to see an number like 101/230. it's just about aesthetics, nothing else.
cool
@ron cool
i'm not arguing with anyone, or trying to create drama.
@ron you seem to be trying to argue. let's support the campaign. (respectful and considerate)
@anthony your 100% correct. there just stirring the pot, as usual.
imho 212/250 sounds like they made a limited run of 250 and i got 212. 212/246 sounds like they could only manage to get 246 buyers because it wasn't a popular band.
@ ron... yep.
@ron , @d-bait @anthony et al i just said, leave it up to pono, provided they don't leave it at 500 (when the actual figure is less), what does it matter if they make 73 or 75 (the 2 left over can be given to the pono team or at the special dinners or whatever)
why would you want to have 212 of 250 if 250 were never produced ?? think it should be numbered by the amount that were made not a fictional amount ...surely if there were less made it would make them more collectable and valuable ?
your the ............
@ron dont be a twat, just because i think @richheart's idea was a good one. why would you want 212/247 instead of 212/250, the fist just seems silly.
bait? hmmm? bait?   :o)
@richheart have a great day
don't take the bait.
@ron you have that info from pono? if so, cool :)
@don so 200+ people have crap numbers (227/242 etc), but the one guy who got 242 is happy??
don, your correct 100%. this is the correct and actual way it happened.
@pono creator, @don and @rick as long it is not left as x/500 i think it is fine. if kenny rogers issues 5 and is left as 5/500 that would be strange (and grossly inaccurate). if you round up and distribute the rounded up odd ones, or cut-off exactly at x/y (y<500), is up to the creator.
@creator, re: rick gagnon suggestion about rounding up le numbers ... please don't! i'm sure many backers would rather have #242 of 242 than #242 of 250. there is more value in #3 of 3 than #3 of 10. would you be more inclined to see a movie that was rated as "4 out of 4 stars," or one rated "4 out of 10 stars?" when pono hits the streets, i hope the various audiophile/consumer reports rate it as a 4-out-of-4, not 4-out-of-a-rounded-up-10.
hi will it also give accessories like the bag/ case separately? the player must always be removed from the case for operating/ using? at the limited editon version. best regards from berlin germany i hope my question are understandable :)
@creator will you be selling individual tracks or only full albums?
@marc cheong - you said: "@eduard nuijen chill.. normally the stocks will product in china. upon completion, they will ship back to the developer , which in this case, usa. pono will help to inspect & arrange the necessary arrangement to ship to others which are not in usa (hence extra shipping required). @pono please help to clarify if this is correct. thanks." i don't think your theory is correct because the creator has stated they can't ship usps because they will be shipped from another country.  if they ship them all from china to the usa and then distribute them from there as you have surmised, they could ship by usps. the question remains if all stock ships from a non usa country (probably china) why is shipping to the usa free, and shipping to all other countries (presumably including the country of origin) is $15.00. not a big deal in the scheme of things i suppose.
@creator. my response about flac vs cd vs mp3 was a specific answer about mp3 vs flac/alac as a ripped cd format file. was a reply to a question about just about that. i use hi res up to 24/192 already and have a dap and several streamers that handle them. am already a convert to hi res and have a fair selection of music in that format. looking forward to a lot more from pono though!
@ron thomas: yes. we'll have an announcement about les later today.
@rick gagnon: we'll consider your suggestion.
@ian kendrick: ultra-high res flac is significantly better than cd quality. cds are a compressed format but ten times better than mp3. most players aren't designed to play back very hi-res lossless audio as not much has been available thus far.
@robert ryan: to hear the hi-res difference you need to play the music on a device designed for hi-res playback. it's like looking at your hi-res photos on a low-res monitor.
@richheart you agreeing to someone else's post, not mine.
@ron pono have not said how they will number. i agree 7/150 sounds better than 7/143
i will not be trading my pono, but it will be nice to know it has a theoretical high value.
at first i was for the idea of them selling the rest of the 500 after the ks campaign and even adding more artist after.  i now like what pono is doing and cutting it off with the campaign end.  it is unique!  and speaks to the gratitude of those that were here during this event.  the other speaks to making a few more bucks.  keep it quality pono, and stay away from the "make more money" attitude.  that is what got us in here in the first place.  imo, i see pono being a leader…and their product being one thing and one thing only…quality.  there in lies the definition of the word pono.
@rick creator said le pono only sold till  campaign end. ( 7 days )
@eduard, don't know much about them other then looking them up on youtube when they were listed here.  they have several million hits on youtube, so they must, but hey, certainly kenny rogers does and he only has 5 pledges.  i just think that the bulk of their fans don't know, or get what pono is about.  i called a friend and asked him if he had heard about pono, and he said i "i thought i heard something about that somewhere."  he knew enough to bypass it.  that means the bulk of music loving people won't be aware till oct…dec (christmas/holidays.)  by then they will look back and say, dang, i wished i knew when they started!  imo, i believe that the ones that have the fewest pledges can wind up having the most monetary value down the road.  especially new and up coming artist.  maybe portugal the man!
re: numbering les sold. from an aesthetics perspective, i would like to see pono music  round up the 'of' number to the next 10 for les that sell over 100, and to the next 5 for les that sell under 100. so, if the pono project was now closed, your kenny rogers le would be xx/10, and your willie nelson le would be xx/350. they could use any unsold les for promotional purposes (an average of five and  maximum of nine for each le that didn't sell out completely) during the next phase of the campaign and let the 'promotional winners' select from what's available until they're all gone. i for one would rather not have an le (e.g., grateful dead) that is numbered 15/227! yuck!
@carlos : don't they have a fanclub, 3 sponsors is not very much
portugal the man.  it will sound killer on pono!  and the fact that there are so few pledged!  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
what is their music like, never heard of them
how about portugal the man le 1/3
@richheart if a le isn't sold out, by end of campaign? how do they number them? is it # of 500, or # of total sold? the # of total sold, make the most sence. do you no, or does anyone no?
@there are already too many that i really like. now that l.e.s close out on here, even 1/5 kenny rogers is tempting :)
just read in ghosts on the road that buffalo springfield were supported oct 14 & 15 ,at the third i , 1966 by the knack. surely not the same knack as my sharona fame? anyone know of this?
@richheart watching like a hawk, for any new le pono players. such as yourself, and everyone else.
@peter beck, thnx for the link! for all the dutch le-pledgers: we will be looking at a modest eur. 382,= all in. just 120,= more than a 160gb ipod classic. sounds like a no-brainer to me (even if you have to start wth a clean on the hi-res front)!
thanks @ron
@richheart have a good day sir.
so, you've got well and truly got the flac bug now that pono has enticed you, and you want something to do besides twiddling your thumbs between now and october. what do you do? one possible solution would be to get yourself a raspberry pi and one of the new wolfson dacs (wolfson audio card) which has been produced for it. there's even a new case available for the pair of them. then download squeezeplug v 7.07 from www.squeezeplug.de hours of endless fun guaranteed and a backup player for your flac files. the raspberry pi is a wonderful and very adaptable little thing and for less than €100.00 you can have a music player which gives great sound while awaiting the pono dream machine;-)
peter beck - thx for that calculator.  :)
regarding vat and import duties: remember that each country in the eu has their own rules and rates of import duties. for example, the vat and import duties of denmark are lower than those of great britain. therefore you cannot trust the swooping statements on this comment board regarding the exact rate that you might have to pay in october. i recommend using the following site to find out what your country might charge you in import duties: http://www.dutycalculator.com/new-import-duty-and-tax-calculation/
@ christopher currie - you get your pono store as quickly as they can get the legals sorted out in your respective country.  of course you can put your own music on if you have the means in hi res audio mode. :)
how will it work for people who are in the eu but not in the uk? can we still purchase music?
and if you want to figure it out yourself feel free http://www.dutycalculator.com/new-import-duty-and-tax-calculation/  works on just about any country in or out,
@douglas thanks for the calculations. for ireland the duty chargeable is 3.7% and vat rate is 23%.  this is a listing of duty and vat (sales tax) rates by country; http://www.dutycalculator.com/hs-lookup/99341/hs-tariff-code-for-electronics/
sevenfold with seven days to go.  phenomenal!
thanks, douglas! let's hope the £ gets stronger against the $ between now and the end of the year :) it's over 20 years since i left shipping behind me, interesting to see terms still the same. for those who don't know, cif is a shipping acronym that means (if i remember correctly) cost, insurance, freight.
one tom petty up
a wee reminder for us non us backers! cost to your hand. total customs value (cif): 	£250.32 	this is the amount that customs values your import at - duty: 	£11.26 - vat: 	£52.32 total import duty & taxes due: 	£63.58 	this is the amount that needs to be paid to customs total landed cost: 	£313.90 	this is the total cost of importing, including product, shipping, insurance and import duty & taxes 		at exchange rate of 1 gbp = 1.66 usd calculation notes notes on duty & taxes rates pono has an import duty rate of 4.5% and vat rate of 20%. notes on import taxes due please note that your shipping provider may add an additional handling fee handling fee can be anything from £8.00 to £20 depending on the ultimate courier collecting on behalf of your tax authority.
dedicated audio, from pono.
ian, great answer.   a+
@robert forgot to say that pono should make the difference clear. very. because of the dac being used and the care that has gone into the headphone amplifier.
@robert if i rip a cd to mp3, even at the best quality it can at 320kbps and then listen to the cd, the difference is obvious. if i then rip the cd to flac and compare them, sometimes the cd will sound better, other times the flac will, depending on the cd player and device used to play the track. but generally speaking flac and the cd original are indistinguishable, as they should be, one is a bit perfect copy of the other when expanded. flac and mp3 are different. it may depend on what you are using for replay - it isn't just the headphones, but the dac, the headphone amplifier and so on.
@creator, yesterday you said this: " if you have 50 bob dylan cds then just rip them to flac and play them on your ponoplayer. remember that cds, even though they're compressed, will sound ten times better than an mp3." i recently did an experiment with my ipod. i downloaded my blood on the tracks remastered cd to itunes in the apple lossless format and then compared it to the same songs in the standard lower-res format. with my $80 headphones i couldn't hear any difference. to be honest they all sounded very good. am i going to be impressed with the same songs in flac on my pono? thanks
@anthony broadstock i hate to be a pain here but erast makes a great suggestion. if your friend would be willing to schedule a drop with me i would be incredibly grateful!
@ peter beck that's been my assumption too - wanting to co-ordinate release with the launch of the pono music store (which is another reason why i've been keeping a close eye on the pono project for the past 3 years).
@ gary craig don't i know it - i'm surprised they weren't smaller on environmental grounds! maybe just buy the files from the pono store? :)
@erast - good wish! i've wanted volume 2 for a while now, too. maybe they are working on completing it for release on the pono music store? that would be a special event in any case! $5.6 million with a week to go. what an accomplishment! turns out people do care about quality, and are willing to pay for it. i'm very happy.
@ anthony broadstock, jim horvath why don't you get your pals to join the ponopeople.org forum & co-ordinate the drop from there, with fewer eyes watching?
@erast...just wondering where i am gonna put all these archives bluray boxes then.? they aint petite....
@ gary craig i realise there may be a delay due to circumstances, it was clearly outlined in ' risks and challenges' on the home page here. i am used to delayed gratification & could cope with it but i'm sure the ponomusic team will be moving heaven and earth to meet their target - that's all we can ask for. apart from anything else, i hope they are able to meet the target so that we can get mr. young's archives vol. 2 released (and the special release series featuring homegrown, chrome dreams, oceanside/countryside and the odeon/budokan live album). the archives team is in 'production mode' for vol. 2 at the moment but (in selfish mode here) i hope there are no more 'holds' placed on them.
@jim horvath sorry can't give you an exact time on that jim that's down to them but the guy with the pearl jam le did say he would look at doing it when he got home tonight so that won't be for at least another 6 hours yet ...that's the best i can tell you.
@anthony broadstock hey, there! could you be a little more specific about when your friends might release those pearl jam les? thanks! :)
@gary craig  @erast  £315 - £330 is around the sum i'm looking at after checking with ups and parcelforce which is still great value for money in my eyes i will certainly be sticking with my pledge but as i posted earlier i know of 2 people releasing le's today due to this so if anyone is desperate to get their hands on a foo fighters or pearl jam le today could be your lucky day ;)
@erast though i hope not i wouldn't be surprised if the ponos are later than oct or dec. its a new start up, its technical and 'negative opportunities' ie problems in manufacture and development could occur. i am willing to wait anyway, but we have to be realistic. i have oct and dec ponos but am not hung up on before xmas delivery. am still waiting for very limited edition virgil and accelerators book through kickstarter almost 4 months late.....
we are going over 6 million, and becoming the 3rd most funded ks project ever!
pono is going to upset the apple cart, with great music reproduction and flexibility. the listener will finally be in the driver seat instead of a just another music passenger.
@  gary craig thanks for the calculations, i was trying to look back through the comments to find where you had posted this before. douglas had also calculated the final cost for le to be £320-330 (approximately). @ anthony broadstock: the rate of duty varies, depending on the commodity that is being imported. vat is then levied on the combined value of goods, shipping charges & insurance. it will depend on the exchange rate in october (or december). all this is inescapable - you pay 20% vat on most things bought in the shops in the uk whether manufactured in the uk or abroad (newspapers, books, children's clothes & some other things are zero-rated) - we just don't see the before-tax rate unless we look for it. pono players are not going to get any cheaper (they will cost $99 more after the kickstarter campaign has ended) & looks to be extremely good value. think long and hard before being put off it - you have a week before any final decision needs to be made.
@erast we are all doing a good job of ignoring the trolls. keep your eyes on the prize guys. something about lying in the gutter looking at the stars....and what neil said about letting it bring you down.
@andreas @anthony sorry that should have been £313, not £330. hand works faster than mind...
trolls don't like change, even when it's a good thing, like pono.
@ creator thanks for your kind words. i had realised the dollar pledge method the trolls were using & wanted to help counter it. i have done the keyboard equivalent of 'biting my tongue' a few times but cracked eventually. onwards, and upwards - may pono fly high (despite the people who wish to drag it to earth) !
@anthony @anreas the total to uk will be around £330. i buy from the us reasonably often. wont be £400 all in. last thing i bought of comparable value,$365, incurred total charges of £53.80.
7 x goal achieved = $5.6m excellent! chew on that, naysayers.
@mark : thanks for the explanation and do not worry, i am very chilled but also very excited to get the pono delivered in october, no matter the extra charges because it is not about the money here, it is the whole concept.
@andreas not my calculations andreas but a friend who regularly imports guitars and guitar parts from the states who said an import that costs him around four to five hundred dollars would normally incur a charge of £40-£50 depending of the parcel size/weight etc im currently checking with ups to try and get to try and clarify this.
@creator thanks for your reply! i am going to get pono, at least two. will pono come with cables? i am behind neil all the way, he is the one with the years & years of experience. i know he will chose the best team!
hey @neil young, any chance of a first nations le player?  that would be righteous!  northern cree and haystack singers would be fantastic!
@anthony how did you calculate an extra £150? thought we worked out the total should be around £313, including uk vat and shipping charges?
@eduard nuijen chill.. normally the stocks will product in china. upon completion, they will ship back to the developer , which in this case, usa. pono will help to inspect & arrange the necessary arrangement to ship to others which are not in usa (hence extra shipping required). @pono please help to clarify if this is correct. thanks.
i think you will see a lot of people dropping their pledges at the last minute and a lot of le's becoming available due to the unknown hidden charges involved here i have 2 friends who have a pearl jam le and a foo fighters le who are about to release them so keep an eye open for those.. problem is they did not realise how much extra hidden cost would be involved to get them shipped to the uk..seems there will be added charges of up to £150 on top of the £250 already pledged due to tax..vat ..customs charges etc so what looked like great value for money turns out not to be the gift horse you thought it was....i btw will not be releasing mine for anything.
so excited for this... saved up some cash and gave what i could! can't wait!
@creator : yes, the extra $15 that is automatically added if you select international shipping is for just that. if you pledge for a $300 reward and ended up pledging $315 then you're covered. we cannot use usps because the units are not shipped from the united states. if this is the case, why do we, outside of the us have toi pay for shipping and the rest not?
awe jeez just snagged up an october pono earlier today, but now that the le's will be ks exclusive i might have to go back and pledge for one of the le's... i'm really hoping one of the last one(s) announced will be tool or journey, fingers crossed.
i'm so in- but if they had rush... i'd be in for every penny i could find :)
@ jdc thanks, its tough. he was a huge neil fan. i took em to his acoustic tour right before he passed away. neil means a lot to me cuz he brings em back moreso than any band...well him and floyd. he used to play everybody knows this is nowhere over and over when i was a kid.
@robert thanks!
@aaron  actually on the project page it states mdt time.
@aaron your card will more than likely be charged on tue. april 15th just after 11:30am mst.
@
@ aaron - as soon as this is over you will be charged, so on the 16th of april. sorry about your dad too bud and well done on getting a pj pono.
@pono when should we have our credit cards & choices of ponos finalized. cuz i pay lotta bills with my credit card and need to make sure its ready to go.
please check out the extended artist testimonials on our website:  http://www.ponomusic.com/#testimonials
@richheart: see rich. we do listen to feedback :). we needed to keep the kickstarter experience very unique.
@pono thanks for listening and ending the sale of the ks l.e.s at the end of this campaign
i used to copy vinyl to reel-to-reel at 15 ips (a few years ago!)  to get more tunes on a reel, i would do the occasional at 3.5 ips, an "mp3" equivalent in those years. very noticeable drop in sound stage from 15 ips. this is where pono will shine, quality and that lost sound stage brought back to life after years of compression during the infant years of digital.
@richard moore, yes!!!
@lisa cooper: lisa please go look up ayre acoustics and charlie hanson's reputation in audio. they build some of the finest and most natural sounding home audio systems in the world ranging in price from $3k-$50k.  charlie believes that the ayre powered ponoplayer will sound as good as his $10k systems. the sound quality you'll get from pono cannot be beat, especially for the price you're paying.  you may find more bells and whistles with other products but you will not get pono.
thank you pono admin for your replies back :)  i'm now more excited.
@lisa cooper: the expansion slot has a cover over it. that's why it's not visible in photos.
@richard moore: yes. ponoplayer will have unicode support.
let's all tell five people about pono tomorrow , and end this with a bang !!!!
@jeremia blais i just googled pictures of ponoplayer! that was fun, there was the black guitar! i see the slot on the bottom of the blue. yes, pono is going to be revolutionary. it won't be long now, go pono!!!
@lisa cooper the fiio x5 looks good, no doubt, but the extended team behind ponomusic is just amazing. i trust them to deliver.
@lisa cooper oops, here is a picture : https://s3.amazonaws.com/ksr/assets/001/792/857/7f4448978af792f34a0eee6ac1cac8a4_large.jpg…
@lisa cooper i think it's that thing on the bottom right. i agree, it's hard to see, but look at the usb end view.
@jeremie blais thanks for your reply! i have not been able to see the expansion slot on any of the pictures of the ponoplayer or read anything about it. where is it on the ponoplayer? what do you think of the a fiio x5?
@lisa cooper how much storage does the ponoplayer have? is it expandable? how many songs can it hold? the ponoplayer ships with a total of 128gb. 64gb of memory is built into the player and another 64gb of memory on a removable microsd card. the expansion slot can accept microsd cards of up to 64gb each. unlike many other portable music players, the microsd cards are designed to be easily swappable. for example, you can build a library of various playlists or genres on different cards and simply swap them in and out, much like you'd swap game cards on a portable gaming console. so in reality you have infinite capacity on the ponoplayer. how many songs can it hold? that depends on the quality of your music files: • cd lossless quality recordings (44.1 khz/16 bit): about 5000 tracks. • high-resolution recordings (48 khz/24 bit): about 3200 tracks. • higher-resolution recordings (96 khz/24 bit): about 1600 tracks. • ultra-high resolution recordings (192 khz/24 bit): about 800 tracks. this is a lot of high-resolution music, and we say, “the more the better”. you’ll get hooked on how good this music sounds.
hey pono peeps! is anyone familiar with the fiio x5? if so, what do you think of it? also, does anyone know if the ponoplayer has a slot for a memory card? how many gb's can pono hold?
@creator for the eagles le player will you be using the latest 24/192 hi-rez masters i.e the ones available on hdtracks? if so hope you are aware they are actually only 18bits rather than 24bits due to the converters used (jcf audio latte a/d converter). the 24/96 files have the full 24bits.
congratulations neil, you just sold 14,000 pono players as of 22:20 est!
sony
@chris it depends on your dacs and your equipment. the reviews on my krell and my ears, differ from you. if you could hear with your own ears, it's not even close. bottom line, you need proper source, and obviously the equipment. pono forever.
hey pono people, lets get this 7 day party started!!!  let's walk like a giant with neil, his musical pals & the new  pono music movement! lot's to celebrate here :) https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@jeremie the freeze is coming...the freeze is coming!  sooo, the heat is on :)  get ready for the mad dash to 6 million+!  fact is all of these will in affect be sold out le's!!!  if only 2 or 500!  wait till that bomb drops, and if it gets any media, they will all sell.  it will sound like old black at the end of wailk like a giant, lol.
@brian i never said that i plug a sansa into my main system - even though that the result would be excellent. we are talking about portable devices here, so the reference would be headphones. i did a test with a friend. he has a sony sacd player which is catching dust for almost a decade. we used the dark side of the moon 2003 remaster. recorded the output with an rme babyface 24bit/192khz. then we normalized it, saved it as wav and converted it to 16bit/44,1khz flac. we tried a pair of beyerdynamic dt 990 and sennheiser hd-25 on my friend's sacd player, on the rme's output with flac and wav and on the sansa with flac. there was no difference. a blind test with one of us facing the wall and the other using a random reproduction method had the same result. this confirms what many pragmatic tests say as well about such "audiophile" formats. the difference is merely psychological. if you absolutely don't know on what to spend your money, the pono might be for you. please be aware though that anybody could make you look like an idiot when that person lets you blind guess between an "audiophile" player like the pono and a solid flac player like the sansa. you won't be able to tell which is which.
@juan what... is that ? mr. heat !?
it's really getting interesting. a freeze on new le's and the pending announcement about numbers being limited to the kick starter campaign. i expected a scramble at the end as folks have to buck up and make their final choices but this is going to be insane. i switched once already and am satisfied with my choice, although at times i second guess it because the two albums that come with it are unknown. one of my sons into portugal the man and i'd love to get that for him but another $400 is stretching it.  besides i have another son whose tastes run more toward rap and hip hop and that genre really isn't represented here. plus that would be $1200 ...
i know this will sound way better in pono!  we will find out this christmas!  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
ccr or bto?
also, the boss.  bruce spingsteen.
i'm guessing, last artist will be sting ??
lol
@david stecklair yes. thank you.
in preparation for the kickstarter freeze, please watch this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
the freeze is coming!  the freeze is coming!  had to do that, lol  4th comment down  https://www.kickstarter.com/profile/1003614822/comments
@creator will the neil young posters also be discontinued after ks if they do not sell out?
@pono...so at the freeze are we committed to the ponos we've pledged for...or when do we have til to finalize our decisions.
about 30 comments below...
le's not pledged for during kickstarter will not be available in the regular outlets after the campaign is over is what i meant to say .....
oh i have to find those comments, thanks!
they also said any le's not pledged for in the campaign will *not* be available. so apparently the portugal the man's will be quite rare....
pono said a few comments before that in about 1 day - there will be no more le's - they called it the freeze...
@carl what is a freeze?
damn - 1 day from the freeze... doubt we'll see a zep model... oh well..
petty number 500 is up!
1 petty!
2 petty's available... grab em while you can...
@aaron wensel-congrats! got one saturday after many days of f5ing!
finally got a pearl jam pono :-) my dad died 3 years ago today...so it meant a lot to me today.  whoever wants a csny its there for the taking.
@hector mendoza smith https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/21st_century
why using a leather case? come on! in what century are we?
i have to admit i had never heard of portugal, the man prior to this kickstarter, and after listening to some of there songs i was contemplating pledging for there signature series, i still might, but i am currently pledged for a different artist and am debating just buying the albums from the pono store afterwards...
@chris to put into context what a relative bargain the pono will be - another digital audio player that uses the same dac as the pono is the ibasso dx100 which costs $829.  if you are happy plugging your sansa clip into your main audio system, that's great for you.  i already own a high end digital streamer and enjoy that as much as my vinyl via a great turntable.  ripping to flac and playing those files via a high end dac has given my digital music collection a new and welcome lease of life.  making that enjoyment portable is partly why i'm buying a pono player.
imagine owning one of only two portugal the man artist signature series pono le's in the world!
@redwood - was just about to say that we may all be wearing out the f5 (refresh) button on our keyboards over the next 24 hours as i would bet that pono may have one or more last minute le's to drop on us before the "freeze"...
@ elizabeth toncic creator said "we're only a day away from freezing any new rewards". my guess would be that a final le will be announced tomorrow.
@creator really smart move limiting le's to those who backed the kickstarter....brilliant actually. now i wish i had pledged for more than two. you at pono are without a doubt doing not only the right thing by music lovers, but collectors as well. thanks.
@nathan a good point.
@ creator although you've said that don't see the need for any stretch goals... have you consider, as a stretch goal, a discount voucher for a whole year for your music store ? this ceretainly will increase your ecosystem and is mutually beneficial. also, it would be nice if this voucher is only available for us that live in europe (or any other country) after you open your music store in our country. just a thought. hope it helps.
an honest opinion: i first backed this project, but after doing some research and testing i decided to back out. sacd and dvd-audio were released in 1999/2000 and have similar specs as the mentioned ultra-high resolution recordings. both formats have already failed and there is no hearable difference to a well recorded and mastered common cd - even under lab conditions. instead of offering an overpriced and overhyped piece of technology, record labels should rather focus on end-to-end quality for their recordings again and fully utilize the potential of technology that is already available today. you can buy a sandisk sansa clip+ with flac support and excellent dacs for less than 50 bucks. thats 12,5% of the suggested retail price of the pono and i guarantee you that there will be no hearable difference. just my 2 cents...
quote "btw, we'll shortly announce that any les that not pledge for will not be available after ks. so the les will be an exclusive ks offering." will the engravings change based on the number that are actually pledged for? for example would a portugal. the man pono be engraved 1 of 2, because only 2 people will receive them, or would it still say out of 500, even though only 2 were released?
@creator so is it safe to assume that no more new les are being released?
@blaine gillander blaine we'll definitely consider it.  but you should know that each player will ship with one or two hi-res tracks so that you can experience pono it right out of the box.
@blaine gillander i think there will be a song preloaded on each regular ponoplayers, but that is a good idea.
@creator "this campaign has been successful enough that we don't need to risk the success of the venture by adding additional complexity to our october delivery. therefore, we do not see the need for any stretch goals. our success is not measured by how much money we can raise on kickstarter. it's measured by delivering the high quality players and launching the ponomusic store on time and with high quality. that is where we are 100% focused." while i fully agree with your focus (and have been in a kickstarter or two that has been delayed due to too many promises) you could offer a stretch goal as simple as an additional single song download credit for pono player backers for every extra $500,000 or $1,000,000 past the $5,000,000 mark.  it shouldn't be a huge expense and should give those with the non-le players a chance to sample the actual high-res downloads which might lead to more actual music sales for you in the long run.  just a thought.
@michael mcconnell ponoplayer will support dsd playback if not right away, via a firmware upgrade shortly after launch.  as far as dsd being the super audio format, some in the hi-res audio world may disagree.  our store will only sell flac however, even though we'll support dsd playback.
kenny rogers, tegan and sarah anyone? ultra rare possibilities now.
@kevin hill we're working on having as broad a music store as possible at launch.  we certainly hope to have albums from the who at launch.
@pono no les after kickstarter. so the rare just got rarer then....
@gregory de tennis there will not be a bob dylan le unfortunately.  we're only a day away from freezing any new rewards.  btw, we'll shortly announce that any les that not pledge for will not be available after ks.  so the les will be an exclusive ks offering.
@jdc one thing to remember about ripping cds, you need to rip them losslessly to flac.  often ripping software is pre-configured for size optimized and results in compression.  the ponomusic desktop app will include rip functionality but there are many other rip technologies already available for those would like to prepare.
@david stecklair david we will get a pre-order store up and running shortly after kickstarter.  not sure how many accessories will be available initially but we should have some key ones.
kevin-- a huge +1 on quadrophenia.  if you haven't done so, you really should get the big box set.  it has a breathtaking disc with a 5.1 mix for about half of the record.  inexplicably, they never did the rest.  but if your system is 5.1 you feel like you're with jimmy on the beach
@elizabeth - glad it gave you a laugh. so many audio formats left in the dust. remember the short-lived "minidisc"? long live pono!
@michael mcconnell it could be supported in a future firmware update if a lot of people ask for it. as far as selling dsd masters, i don't know.
about 6 months ago i ended up picking an ibasso dx50, which i do love.  not sure how the pono compares really, but decided to become a backer as i support the movement for higher quality audio products and stores.  :) however, i am curious.  if the pono music store offers the highest quality masters the studios can provide, is dsd also included if the music was originally recorded in native dsd?  after all, dsd is essentially the super audio format, the one that rules them all so to speak.  it doesn't appear the pono player will play dsd natively, nor does it make mention of it will handle a .dsf/.dff file to down-convert it to pcm.  there are other sites devoted to music that was originally recorded at the studio in dsd, though curious as to if pono will attempt to become the one stop shop.  i could see myself becoming a customer of the store later.
neil young, you're a legend. one album i can't wait to hear on my pono player is quadrophenia. will we be able to get these iconic albums at the highest resolution straight away?
community of ponopeople.. visit us @ www.ponopeople.org
oh my goodness @david stecklair!!! i just choked on a cracker. haha, too funny :)
the question that has had me tossing and turning in my sleep is, how will i get my n'sync/britney spears "hitclips" transferred to my pono player? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hitclips
i still want to know when/if bob dylan is going to have a pono le player???
i am glad i kept my cd collection now.
@redwood/robert ryan - also, it looks like bob dylan's catalogue is getting a slew of releases from mobile fidelity sound labs in april. i imagine these are top notch treatments, not sure how they relate to the recent releases or those found on hdtracks, but perhaps we will see these versions on pono: http://www.musicdirect.com/c-794-bob-dylan-mofi-releases.aspx
@ robert ryan – re availability of hi-res music a difficulty question to answer from outside the record industry, but we can try to make an educated guess. this announcement was on the 'neil young times' section of the official neil young website in 2011: may 17, 2011 2012 will be the year that record companies release high resolution audio. this is huge for our industry. since the advent of the cd, listeners have been deprived of the full experience of listening. with the introduction of mp3s via online music services, listeners were further deprived.        the spirituality and soul of music is truly found when the sound engulfs you and that is just what 2012 will bring. it is a physical thing, a relief that you feel when you finally hear music the way artists and producers did when they created it in the studio. the sound engulfs you and your senses open up allowing you to truly feel the deep emotion in the music of some of our finest artists. from frank sinatra to the black keys, the feeling is there. this is what recording companies were born to give you and in 2012 they will deliver.        -- neil young so it appears this project has been in development for quite a period (confirmed by ny in the kickstarter update #13 - “... banging my head against the walls …. for almost 3 years”), and i believe the record companies have been getting geared up to provide music in higher resolution since that time. hd tracks, qobuz, linn records and other sites are selling limited quantities of these downloads at present. my guess is that the release of the pono player will open the floodgates for a concerted effort by the record industry to gain sales & regain the initiative from the 'fruity tech giant'. a few of bob dylan's studio albums were released in the higher resolution sacd format in 2003 but as far as i know, they didn't generate large sales. his studio albums were released in a cd box set last november (bob dylan collection vol. 1) with the majority of them remastered. i assume that high resolution versions would have been prepared at the same time in preparation for the forthcoming pono launch – some are already available at hd tracks. as sales of physical product are falling, i believe the record industry will get behind the pono project in a big way (it is confirmed that the big three of the warner music group, sony & universal are on board) & it could become a 'virtuous circle' for all concerned if player sales gain traction in the wider world. we should all try and spread the word – with pono, these notes are for you!
music has finally found  its soul in pono
@creator - will there be an opportunity to pre-order pono player accessories (like cases) via the ponomusic.com store when the retail pre-orders go live? or do you think we will see those options closer to october?
@robert ryan robert.  if you have 50 bob dylan cds then just rip them to flac and play them on your ponoplayer.  remember that cds, even though they're compressed, will sound ten times better than an mp3. if you have an album that very dear to your heart, perhaps you want to purchase it in higher resolution.
awesome new message from neil to artists and record companies just posted to the updates section!
@james boudra yeah i know, the sound on this album is just ridiculously good.
@jeremie haha too true! p.s. if you get the chance to listen to ram on vinyl, check out lose yourself to dance. the bass at the start is so clear! not muddied up amongst the drums like on mp3 or, to a lesser extent, cd
@james boudra give life back to music ? get it :d ?
so other than headphones, i'm curious if anyone else has plans to upgrade their home stereos, car stereos or other equipment in anticipation of the pono player and high-res music files?
@robert - that's a really good question. i would think the pono store could easily display the bitrate (such as 24/96) and the year of the master/remaster (such as "2012 remasters"). i think the difficulty would come in with previewing the track. i imagine the preview clips that would be used on the store would need to be of streaming-level quality, in order to play quickly over web connections - not to mention the fact that the previewing would be done on the computer, and not on the pono player. i could see approaches to this: allow actual downloads of full-resolution 30-second track previews, which i imagine studios wouldn't be a fan of - or, somehow route the preview clips through the usb-connected pono player, and just accept that the buffering times would be longer. but if neither of those things happen, your best bet will just be to download a couple of your favorite albums in high res and do a comparison, and see if it's worth the upgrade. then you could get a better idea of whether you want to start re-buying your cd collection, or just be content with rips.
@jeremie you read my mind! daft punk would be great. their vinyl all sounds fantastic
david, thanks for responding. my concern is that i won't know exactly whether something is an upgrade or not. if i purchased a remastered blood on the tracks cd (this music for the 3rd time) i don't want to buy it again unless i am told that what i am buying is in fact noticeably better than the cd which i will now download to the pono. i wonder whether the pono store will tell us exactly what level or recording we are purchasing.
@mobiusengine ...oooohhhh, oops.
just realised that it is @creator and not @ pono. if i just mailed a mr pono by accident, my apologies.
i'm loving the "quality over quantity" approach!  that's how you build a loyal fan base! cheers!! @creator
@pono - thanks for responding. i just wanted to add that the £62 or so extra was acceptable to me and i am sure many others. i just wanted to see if i had it right. i was more than prepared to pay £400 for a le pono with case, so i consider it the deal of the century at the moment. i do have a us address but then i would have to wait, so i am most likely going to absorb the vat and get it sooner.
you know what would be cool ? a daft punk le ! am i wrong ?
sixto rodriguez would be a great one/le for south africa!  it would sound great too!  and would be justice too!
@robert - this should come more to light as we get closer to the launch of the store, but neil did mention in an interview that when you purchase music from pono, you get the best quality available. but if at any point in the future better quality becomes available, you'll get it because you've already purchased the music. obviously we're still in the early stages, and i'm sure so much depends on the studios - so nothing i'm saying here has been written in stone yet. but if pono can manage to garuantee this: "if i buy x artist's entire catalog now, and 2 years from now they re-issue the entire catalog remastered and in 24/192, i can automatically download/update my files to the latest and greatest." it would remove all hesitation of discerning listeners to "wait it out", and definitely add more value to purchasing music (as opposed to just using streaming services, radio, youtube, and other sources). if the average price of a pono song is 1.99 usd, vs itunes .99, i will be more than happy to fork over double the money for a guarantee of the highest quality available, both now and in the future. hopefully the studios can back neil on this approach. it would be better for everyone.
@pono. you said "we cannot use usps because the units are not shipped from the united states."  given this statement, is it just a policy decision to not add a $15 shipping charge for the units shipped to the states, and to charge for shipping to all other countries.  or am i missing something?
i'm curious about actual estimates of high resolution music that might be available. if i own every cd by bob dylan - let's say 50 cd's for arguments sake - how many of those 50 albums will be available in a quality high enough that it will make it worth my while to buy this music again. since we've bought this music 3 times already i would be curious what kind of percentages of an artist's back catalog would be now released in better than existing quality. everything i have read so far doesn't seem to answer these questions.
an idea for a bumper sticker or window decal, for those who will be rocking pono in their cars: "pono music inside" i doubt i'll have the cash, but i'm guessing that once i hear how sweet pono sounds on headphones or a nice home stereo, i'll need to upgrade those stock speakers in my car.
one october yellow ponoplayer left
dusty in memphis would be interesting indeed. there are so many versions of it and not all sound as great as you would wish, even in hi res or vinyl, so the masters would have yo be chosen very carefully. great album though.
@creator : good for you, us real supporters will stick by you and know you won't let us down, we have been waiting for this revolution for too long to let it be spoiled by naysayers, give pono a chance!!
@creator thanks for you response about where you are up to. i can imagine where you are all at right now. a good stretch goal, given the demand that you have now, will be to deliver on time, which will need recruitment and network building. and that will give you a platform for whatever it is that will come next. rest assured that, for whatever it's worth, you have my full support and no amount of naysaying and mud slinging, from those who have never built anything to compare with what you are doing, will make me back away or back down. cheers i
@ peter - "dusty in memphis" would be like eavesdropping on heaven, i think. @ pono. thank you. as far as the naysayers - i read on a thread on another site where someone said that mp3 sound was better than the live experience.... (take a minute to let that sink in!) ... when, of course, the opposite is true. as the song goes, "live music is better/bumper stickers should be issued..."
@james boudra 1.  we are considering something along these lines for our roadmap.  we're also considering having an app that allows you to control your ponoplayer from your smart phone.  but these will be both longer term initiatives. 2.  we will attempt to as inclusive as possible with our music store.
@liz vanpelt it's only for one to attend the listening party.  you are welcome to bring a spouse along to enjoy the hotel.  but there is only one seat per pledge at the party.
@jeff gemmill our goal is to minimally include all the hi-res content from all the major labels.  we hope to have some indies out of the gate but we will launch a campaign to bring all the indies under the ponomusic tent.  we also plan on an aggressive international expansion campaign after launch.
hi @pono a couple of things i just thought of: 1. a lot of headphones come with a remote on the cable that is capable of skipping track, pausing, etc when using an iphone. it would be great if the pono player could support these headphones. 2. if you're not already doing so, could you please get some movie soundtracks/scores in the pono music store. i'd love to hear some hans zimmer on the player when i receive it. looking forward to october. keep up the good work!
@creator - thanks for all of your comments. we know the whole team is working day and night to bring us the best product possible. i've always loved music - it's one of the few things that many of us are guaranteed to digest on a daily basis. now being able to access an end-to-end high quality music experience - the player (and its ability to hook into anything), the high-res files, the store, and the quality assurance of the files being sold on the store - is a dream come true at this price point. it's also great to know that the material will truly be "future-proof" in regards to quality - i'll be enjoying pono music for many years. anyhow, many thanks for all of your hard work and effort from all of your fans!
@kevin dobson yes, the extra $15 that is automatically added if you select international shipping is for just that.  if you pledge for a $300 reward and ended up pledging $315 then you're covered. we cannot use usps because the units are not shipped from the united states.
@ian kendrick you are 100% accurate with your assessment of why we were slow out of the gate and where we are now.  we truly appreciate everyone's support here. our "stretch goal" is to make sure we succeed by october.  we do not see a slip in the schedule as acceptable as we know there are so many naysayers waiting in the wings.  we only have one shot at a great first impression. we're partnering up with a number of companies who are the best at what they do.  they will help us build our complete ecosystem.  we will focus on building our differentiation and core competencies.  the partnership announcements will come in due time. this campaign has been successful enough that we don't need to risk the success of the venture by adding additional complexity to our october delivery.  therefore, we do not see the need for any stretch goals.  our success is not measured by how much money we can raise on kickstarter.  it's measured by delivering the high quality players and launching the ponomusic store on time and with high quality.  that is where we are 100% focused.
@jeff - "dusty in memphis" would be an incredible title to have on day one! great suggestion! other classic titles that i would love would be otis redding's "blue", paul simon's "hearts and bones" and buckingham nicks self-titled only album. i'm sure that even if they're not available at first they will be with time :-) so excited! words of wisdom directly from pono right here --> "you should be aware that there are a number of "backers" who have pledged only $1 so that they can post negative comments on our kickstarter page. by now you've all figured out who they are. we encourage our true backers to simply ignore these comments and not engage them."
@pono question about the vip listening parties... does this reward include an invitation for 1 or 2 to dinner? i assume it's 1 invite from the language but i have seen similar campaigns offer a plus 1 so you can bring a spouse, friend etc so i figured i would check. thanks for your time and good luck with the rest of the campaign. i'm going to be in trouble if you keep adding such great artists. my family is up to 3 ponos. :)
@mobiusengine we tried to really hard to figure out a way of easing the pain of the vat tax on our european backers.  i personally spend long hours researching this.  but at the end we decided to follow suit with other kickstarter campaigns.  we simply cannot afford to risk this whole venture and we hope our supporters will understand. we will send a survey to everyone at the end of the campaign.  our european backers will be able to provide a us shipping address.  if so then they will not be subject to either the international delivery charge nor the vat tax. btw, we have seen feedback from other ks campaigns where many people received their package in the mail without getting charged any vat.  hopefully that will be the case for most of our european supporters.
can we get an idea of the depth of the pono music store at the outset? obviously, neil and the other le artists will (one hopes) have their catalogs available? but what of classic albums like, say, dusty springfield's "dusty in memphis"?
@c l notes sometimes there is cynicism, but sometimes there is a hidden agenda.  we are truly blessed to have supporters like you who help defend us.  pledging only a $1 so that you can post negative comments on a campaign site is extremely suspicious, don't you think? thank you for your support and long live pono!
@peter beck due to the high exposure nature of our campaign, we draw more trolls than most other kickstarter campaigns.  you're absolutely correct that we simply need to ignore their comments.  up to this point we have been very tolerant, perhaps overly so.  but from this point forward if we see any abusive language towards our other supporters we will flag the source and ask kickstarter to deal with them appropriately. thanks for your support.
@ian kendrick ian you are 100% correct.  there are always naysayers and if a project fails they'll go around with a bullhorn saying i told you so.  but if the project succeeds you will not hear a peep out of them. make no mistake.  ponomusic will succeed and it will be huge because it is supported by a community of fantastic supporters who have faith.  we will not let you down.  we have a world-class team who knows how to build a successful business and have done many times over.  with this kind of community support and our seasoned leadership, we will reach the promise land. long live pono!
http://www.computeraudiophile.com/content/572-pono-or-oh-no-interview-neil-young/
@erast fandorin thanks for your supportive comments. you should be aware that there are a number of "backers" who have pledged only $1 so that they can post negative comments on our kickstarter page.  by now you've all figured out who they are.  we encourage our true backers to simply ignore these comments and not engage them. we welcome all comments and constructive feedback from our real backers who truly want this project to succeed.  unfortunately, the noise of these fake backers comes with the territory of doing a cloud funding campaign. we simply need to keep our eye on the ball and keep plowing forward until we reach the promise land. long live pono!
@creator  thanks for your comments. i will look forward to your own forum that we can join and contribute to. until then, i will keep contributing at ponopeople.org as it is more focused than the facilities here allow. i was objecting to accusations of it being spam. in the meantime i refer you back to john hamm's comments about what is happening on ponopeople.org.
@andreas haugland  the first batch of ponoplayers will arrive in october.  the second batch will arrive in time for christmas.  we are working very hard to ensure that.  just to be safe you may want to pledge for one of the limited edition players with october estimated delivery.  that way you're guaranteed to get in on the first batch.  the regular players for october are sold out but from time to time someone upgrades theirs and a few become available.
@ian kendrick we at ponomusic really appreciate what our supporters at ponopeople.org are trying to do.  we believe they have the best of intentions and are trying to provide a service our fans to help us get the ponomusic movement on the right track. having said that, we do not moderate the activity on ponopeople.org.  when the moderators do send us questions we do answer them as best we can.  but we are not currently actively involved on the site. we do plan to make ponomusic a social experience and this is certainly a good start.  once we have our own community site up and running we certainly look forward to the active ponopeople.org members to come join our community and depending on their level of participation we'll look into providing them higher level stature on our community site.
@steve hugill the ponomusic store will have a permanent record of your music purchases and will allow you to re-download them from your cloud locker.
@treatise yes. we are working on shuffle functionality for the player.
ur welcome edward!  i already had a crazy horse but had a second account to try for pearl jam. was waiting for the right time to pass that to ya. glad i could help.
add my name to the list of peeps that didn't find this latest video offensive, scripted, contrived or annoying.  i think back to when i heard frankenstein by edgar winter in a listening room at the tv station my dad worked at equipped with baffles and stuff and a really good stereo system.  yes it was vinyl.  after the 10th listen, i walked out of that garage and had you interviewed me i would have sounded like these young'uns.
@kevin if you pledge and have the pono shipped outside of the us, you have to add an extra  $15 for shipping making the total either 315 or 415 depending on the model.
@anthony: thanks anyway.
i'm uncertain of this $15 fee. i pledged $300 for my pono and the amount that showed up in my "manage my pledge section" came up $315. i assumed this was for the shipping? was i right? and yes i do agree with those protesting the use of ups over usps due to the ridiculous extra costs @ the border with ups brokers.
@ian you say: "it may sound odd, but this is s big step towards democracy." i agree, this is, i like it and value your saying it.
yaaay well done eduard...i can stop looking out for you now !
got it!!! thank you aaron, i love you
@ian kendrick yup, time will tell and the music will sing for itself.
edward crazy horse!
@ian ; like your piece! you must be my brother i did not know i had! it shows me all the energy that has been around can be bundled and sharedans used the right way by a project like this.
@edward go get it
@bill yeatts :d
@richheart. at the moment power light and sound company have 379 backers, with 89 comments, including their own, on a project with a $30k goal. this after maybe 15 days or so of the project. is not quite in the same league as this ks project. good luck to them, i have backed projects smaller that that. yes, the pono team were a bit slow out of the gate. i guess they were not ready to meet their target in 24 hours or to be approaching 700% of their target with 8 days to go. or to have over 16,000 backers or 4,000+ comments. is up to the pono team if they want to have stretch goals i think. my guess would be that they are looking at supply chain matters right now and ramping up for that. and what to have in the second generation. and sorting licensing. and more artists. and relationship with record companies. and.... they are stirring things up in the world.  it looks like they are going to have to achieve scale quicker than they imagined. a nice problem to have of course, except if you don't rise to it well enough you can be in trouble. i checked out the team before i pledged to see if i felt they had an appropriate level of experience and background. i realise that sounds arrogant of me, but this ks is really important imho and it needs to succeed. far more than things like pebble. this is about a major shift in many things - the chain between artist and audience, the quality of the music coming first rather than the distribution channels and markups, lowering the barriers to entry for everyone. the grateful dead business model. a device like pono wasn't really possible 10 years ago, was expensive a year ago and is now affordable to many more people. it is the big changes that pono brings including a potential reversal of the value chain that really interests me. it may sound odd, but this is s big step towards democracy. what is being trialled here has major repercussions across many industries - both content and product centred. and much further afield, way from product centred stuff. we (some colleagues and i) did a future thinking piece 15 years ago to look at the underlying technology trends and what they would lead to. we predicted ebay and kickstarter - the former by name, the latter in concept, and the changes that such communities would bring to the world. it ain't small. it is rubicon time. this ks campaign is a beacon for much bigger changes imho. i won't bore anyone with any more of this stuff here as it probably isn't appropriate, but the lessons of pono will resonate into the future, i am confident of that.
"much like light in in the infra red/radio/microwave/x-ray frequencies, and much like sounds the extra sound captured in hi resolution music" yes you can't see infra red but your skin feels it ie heat
i would say that the negativism that has been visible on here is, at least in part, a result of lack of timely response by the pono team. especially at the beginning, 'a stitch in time....' could have nipped a fair bit of cynicism in the bud.  i am for this campaign. i want to see the pono high quality sound and the pono store up and running. i believe that dialogue on here can really contribute. i quote from another project i am currently backing, that creator's post: "creator power light and sound company, inc. about 15 hours ago @sarah folkerts @marc: personally, i think sarah's idea is a good one, and i'm encouraging anyone who has an idea for a way to improve our offering to post it here so we can get a discussion going. that is the spirit in which we will be conducting the beta program once backers get their rewards (and fyi - we are running on schedule!), so this is a good forum for us to start hearing from you. as a general rule, we won't consider any requests/ideas that could even possibly threaten to delay our production timeline (so no, glowdeck will not be able to make you a cup of coffee in the morning). that said, this campaign is closing in on "stretch goal" territory, which means there may be room to provide some added value to your rewards in the near future. if we do add stretch goals, they will be based on the best ideas we've heard from the backer community."
@mobiusengine : yes, u r right, an american address will do according to pono
@ian thanks for the great cable review. looks like reasonable value for money, despite it perhaps not being very long-lasting?
@tjc @ponomusic team scrobbling has nothing to do with piracy and doesn't really require to have a connection to the internet, unless it's real-time, which isn't necessary. all that is really required is for the device to keep track of which songs have been (fully/mostly) played and when. then a dedicated scrobbler like qtscrobbler (http://qtscrob.sourceforge.net/) can retrieve the data once the device plugged to a computer and submit it to last.fm. keeping a play log should be well within the capacity for pono to do (and maybe already does). it only needs to be user-retrievable in a sensible format. all i am asking is whether this is the case, which shouldn't be too much to expect.
flipping autocorrect!!! i do know it is pono not poni. no, really i do...
people interested in cables to connect poni to hifi - have just posted a mini review of my ichord that just arrived.  http://ponopeople.org/viewtopic.php…
this is an awesome project, i'm so glad to see it being so successful in gaining backer support. it's a shame there is some negativity in comments, but kickstarter always generates discussion. pono backers, i'd love to hear your thoughts for my kickstarter research study at www.thekickstartereffect.com - also have a prize draw for amazon vouchers :)
just going over the tax issue for european residents looking here: http://www.dutycalculator.com it seems to me that a $415 le player will ultimately cost £313.15 including the £11.24 duty and £52.19 vat. ups may add a little on top for the process. does that seem right to my fellow pono folk? just getting a sense check. plus the update 19 states that shipping to a us address is ok. can i take it from this that when the pono team contact me to confirm my shipping i could have it sent to a us address and pick it up there instead, even though i am paying and living in a uk address? sorry if it's going over the same old ground.
@erast..... glad you understand the fast & bulbous handle..  :o)
yes - we have been there before with this negativity. i support this project because it's a hole ecosystem based on open standards like flac and can help give the control back to the musician.
these naysayers are cynics. the world needs cynics, i guess. but the thing is - cynics invariably offer nothing but negativity. their philosophy is: "stop trying to do what you're trying to do. it's going to fail so just give up now". they bring nothing to the table but hopelessness. there would be absolutely zero progress in this world if cynics had the final say.
we are on our way to 6 million!!!
@ ian kendrick well said, captain. you are truly pono (as well as fast & bulbous)  :)
@ian/ peter : i think so too, there are enough of us to make this a success!
@ian - beautifully said, i absolutely agree. you really can't win with these people. debate them and you're dragged down to their level of discussion - leave them alone and you stop the entire conversation. it's a real shame. the worst part about it is that i think they drive away new backers from contributing because they create such hostile,  aggressive and elitist environments. for now i'll just refer people to www.ponopeople.org. we make nothing from the site and are only there to help each other. that's all.
i have worked with a lot of organisations trying to bring their innovations to market, over many years. there are always two energies at play. those who do everything they can to make a success of it and devote their time and focus to that. they take on board constructive criticism and at the same time hold their line strongly enough that they don't get diverted away from the major goal they are working towards. and there are those who see their value as telling everyone why something won't work, or why everyone else is wrong. they seem to take delight in 'proving' that it will never make it, is a waste of time, someone else's is better and so on and that they know more about the subject than others. they rarely have anything positive to contribute. and they very very rarely actually contribute by starting their own organisations or ventures. they just like to stand and criticise. sometimes they succeed and they manage to make the project fail and then puff out their chest and say 'told you so', with great pride and self satisfaction and walk away to find something else they can prove won't work. it is never their fault. i have seen such people and attitudes take down major initiatives. on the other hand i have seen more people be positive, strive to make good things happen and win out over the negativity. me? i am on the side of the positive energy and the can do mentality at the core of this ks campaign. i am on the side of those who are trying their best to build a community here. others may want to do otherwise, that is up to them. there is more at stake here than whether other products are available. this is also about a major shift in how customers relate to organisations, how fans relate to musicians. all of the individual elements have been done before, but not in the whole combination. anyhow. enough. everyone here can back this or not. is a personal choice. let it be.
@ivan @erast there's a few other players (such as the dx90 and the fiio x5) already at market (no need to wait 6 months) with known specs and frequency responses and some already obvious advantages to the pono (coax out, user replaceable battery, more supported formats, expandable up to 2tb, arguably more 'user friendly' form factor etc).
@ ivan charodei please read your own post.... "dx90.....hits the market". that is the vital difference. pono is in kickstarter mode, trying to raise funding. the item you mention is on the market. i'm sure when pono hits the market in october, there will be tech specs published and players available for review. please feel free to withdraw your pledge and wait till then to decide whether you want to purchase a player.
@ richheart i believe axel mueller is just trying to be helpful by posting the link to ponopeople.org regularly, as a lot of posters obviously do not go back and read previous comments.  one might understand it from new backers but there are others who have been here a long time who obviously don't read/retain much from a little earlier.
dx90 for just a couple of bucks hits the market and - attention! - everyone is welcome to view and discuss tech specs. this will be interesting: marketing power and blind faith versus tech perfomance. :) http://www.ibasso.com/en/products/show.asp…
@richheart - a lot of cynical comments have been about what many of us have tried to do with ponopeople.org. and i agree that it has served this community well. it will still be around after this ks campaign has concluded.
@ian + @redwood i appreciate the spirit of your comments. i think that the spam referred to is: https://www.kickstarter.com/profile/782267614/comments ponopeople itself has so far served this community well
for those people who keep insisting that posts trying to draw backers attention to the ponopeople.org forum is spam, please let me quote the ceo of ponomusic, john hamm: "  @peter beck. i think it is really cool that @ kyle french put up a ponopeople message board. we want to support all of this directly, but it is a huge help if you guys can share information, much like it all happens on the forum at computeraudiophile.com. thanks, john hamm mar 20 2014 "
@ steve hugill "as with itunes if you lose you music on your pc chances are you won't get it back..." steve, i'm reading that as you stating that you are not able to re-download your purchases from itunes.  you should be able to re-download in most countries... apple added that feature a couple of years ago (and it was much needed!)
back in 1964. christmas time, i was about 6 years old - my youngest uncle olav gave our family a turntable and some records. jim reeves, country classics, and the norwegian child artist lille grete. we hooked it up to our radionette stereo cabinet with tubes. good and warm analog music came out of the speakers and filled my heart, and is still there 40 years later. i'm an uncle too. i concider giving pono players to my nieces and nephews. i just wonder if they are scheduled to arrive in time for christmas?
@ian, 100% my feeling!
@ steve hugill here's a quote for you from an earlier @ creator comment "you will have a cloud locker with your music and you will be able to download your music multiple times, any time you need it. mar 20 2014 on update #7 " as it is past midnight in san francisco (i think), it may be a while before the ponomusic team has a chance to answer you. hope this helps.
@creator, keep up the good work. you're dooing fine, we are thousands supporting you. love and only love!
@creator thank you for your comments about some of the behaviour here. i fully agree. as an example, the idea of calling ponopeople.org spam is something that i strongly object to. people, me included, have put time and effort into trying to help out, answering questions, collating and providing information. we don't need insults or our integrity being called into question. and we certainly don't need splits in this community right now. what pono is trying to do isn't just about 24/192 but about better quality music reproduction in general. and hi res is not just 24/192 either. i realise that you fully understand this. my experience with high quality music reproduction is that it gets you closer to the music, closer to the artist. pono will bring that experience to many more people and pave the way for a step change - a discontinuity if you will - in how we hear music that we thought we knew when we had only heard lower quality versions on lower quality devices. pono is a threshold that we are about to cross. yes there are other hi res players out there (i am very fortunate in that i have one) but they are very expensive and beyond the reach of many. that is why i am backing this project and will not back down or back away.
for the download service... will it keep a permanent record of what you've purchased? as with itunes if you lose you music on your pc chances are you won't get it back...
will there be shuffle/random play or playlist support? this is where your competition is really falling short.
@richheart actually your nose can only detect about 400 different molecules, as discovered in the 1920's.  it's the combination of the molecules that leads to different smells.  the possible combinations of those 400 means you can smell over a trillion different fragrances, but smells that don't contain any of those molecules are completely 'invisible' to us. much like light in in the infra red/radio/microwave/x-ray frequencies, and much like sounds the extra sound captured in hi resolution music.
@richard moore: we plan on having a very metadata rich experience on ponomusic.com. this is very likely to include lyrics over time.
will it have the option to show lyrics?
it will have unicode support, yes?  i want to make sure my international music plays with the correct characters from their respective languages.
@richheart: rich. we're having some of the best people in music licensing working out how to most efficiently expand our store internationally. we are also working on an outreach program to allow all indies to sell their music on our store.
@pono perhaps you can have different sections in the online store? until you are licensed by the big companies you are restricted to us, canada and the uk. however, you could sign up indie artists or labels on worldwide marketing rights (as do linn) and open those sections straight away, while you continue negotiations for the big labels worldwide
@steve hugill we plan to set a standard for everyone who includes their in our store.  we're seeking to obtain as close to master quality digital content as is available and will strive towards this goal as a mantra for our store.  the applies to international labels and indies as well.
@ron i just liked the comparison of the two senses. experts said for years that we can smell only 10,000 scents, and hear only 16/44.1. then someone says: there are over 10,000 different wines, each smells different. different vintages of the same wine will smell different again. the same bottle will smell different depending on when it is opened, again on how long it has been open, how it is poured, how long in the glass, the temperature of the wine, of the room, what other smells are around you, the humidity....  hi res for smells is thus acknowledged
i forgot to ask before... is it just us labels you're approaching for the digital masters? are you planning to contact major labels world wide as there's a lot of japanese music i'd be very interested in getting
zz top le now available.....is there really only one unit surely not ???
@creator....thanks for clearing that up i was just confused because i did not add the $15 shipping it automatically added it when i pledged same with my second pledge on a different account...i can sleep easy now.
@the ponomusic team you like rodeo ? how is it ?
all has been said on the home page and on the videos, everything is good, i dont even know why we're arguing...
@gregory de tennis for the grateful dead, we've been asked by the minders to use the lose your face image instead of the signatures.
@anthony broadstock there is only one $15 charge for international shipping.  for whatever reason, many international backers didn't include it in their pledge.  we just wanted to reiterate that it must be included in addition to the pledge amount.  say if you have a $300 ponoplayer reward then your total pledge needs to be $315 to include the shipping.
just listening to the new blue rodeo record, and it sounds great!
absolutely richheart, my friend.
absolutely richheart, my friend.
@peter beck thank you for the positive thoughts.  thank god for supporters like you who encourage us to keep going and don't expect us to be infallible. we at the ponomusic team can understand that not all comments can be positive here and that there will be criticisms of us and how we are operating, some constructive and some not.  we're big boys and we can handle it all. this is not our first rodeo. but we must draw the line when some on this forum consistently insult fellow backers.  this is not acceptable in our books as we value and respect each and every backer and expect all discussion on this forum to be civil.  if anyone is incapable of civil discourse, we respectfully ask you to cancel your pledge and leave the discussion to those who are really in this to build positive momentum for this movement.
you tell me.
@ron thomas i was reading an article last week on how neuro physiologists had been convinced (based on the number of sensors in our nostrils), that the human can detect approximately 10,000 different smells. psychology today, reported last week that this is a gross underestimation and thy estimate the number of different smells a human can detect is over  a million.... can you smell a similarity with audio? :)
i haven't been this excited about music in a long time. can't wait for this to ship at the end of the year.
@ron thomas ron what's also often overlooked is that not all digital sound reproduction devices are created equal.  if you play multiple resolutions of the same music on a device designed to reproduce lower resolution audio then they all get down sampled and sound the same.  but if you play them all on high end audio systems such as the ponoplayer then you can hear the difference clearly.  many of these supposed a/b tests are analogous to taking high-resolution digital photos and watching them on a low-resolution monitor.  all the extra resolution is wasted because the monitor can't display more. the other thing that most of these hi-res discussions miss is that when analog sound is encoded into a digital format, regardless of resolution, converting it back to analog is clearly the key to the quality of the output sound.  there are many ways to skin the cat here.  not all dacs and filters are created equal.  the technology, algorithms, and filters used to reproduce the original analog sound vary broadly with varying degrees of success.  there's no single silver bullet that everyone uses uniformly. we have partnered with ayre accoustics who are world-renowned masters of fully-balanced, all-discrete, zero-feedback analog circuitry.   ayre has custom designed and implemented a pono digital filter. it is minimum phase, with no unnatural (digital sounding) pre-ringing. all sounds made always have reflections and/or echoes after the initial sound. there is no sound in nature that has any echo or reflection before the sound, which is what conventional linear-phase digital filters do. this is one reason that digital sound has a reputation for sounding "unnatural".  if you were to record a dog's bark and play it back through most digital playback devices, other dogs would not recognize the playback as a dog bark because of the unnatural pre-ringing commonly found in digital music playback.  with the ponoplayer, the original sound is reproduced flawless with no unnatural effects such as pre-ringing.
@daniel meek: daniel. we have some of the world's best audio engineers working on the design. rest assured that we'll deliver quality.
just signed up, buffalo springfield edition. oh hello mr. soul, i dropped by to pick up a pono!
@creator great that's what i wanted i'm sold any chance you will ship early
@tyson a supina: all 50 states in the united states, including alaska and hawaii are considered in the united states and do not require international shipping.
@wilson: yes
does this get music from cloud server?
so many nay sayers.....if it were a sunny day....they would swear it cloudy.
pono is new....it's not about the money...but the music.
@creator regarding the new shipping announcement. i was told before by pono that shipping to alaska didn't require the extra $15. now this new announcement contradicts this by stating outside of continental us requires the extra $15. please, creator or however, give me a final answer. thank you for clearing this up for me.
i'd think bob marley would bring in a few. would love to here the wailers on pono!
@ron thomas thanks man, that's exactly what i am thinking right now.
the last days have seen a lot of media coverage for the pono sound system presented by neil young. as you know, basically it’s an audiophile portable device aimed at providing much higher sound quality for the listener by using 24bit/192khz master files. pono is not new, it has been in the news since at least two years. as usual, there are of lot of skeptical people and nay-sayers. the arguments the skeptics/naysayers make basically boil down to this: 1) there are already other idevices that can play 24bit flac files up to 192khz 2) nobody can hear the difference between 24 bit and 16 bit – in fact 16bit/44khz covers all that we can hear… forever. here’s my response to them. the fact other devices can also play 24bit is irrelevant. it’s like saying pioneer, denon, krell and all the other manufacturers should have never made a cd player, because inventors philips and sony had already made one. this argument is, of course, hogwash. furthermore, young states that the pone has better circuitry and electronics. in fact, that’s why it has this odd triangular shape – that’s needed to house all the components. it remains to be heard whether or not the pono can live up to this promise, but surely nobody can protest the reasoning. can you hear the difference between 24 bit and 16 bit? i remember reading an article with very impressive mathematical graphics far beyond my capability of understanding them, stating that 16bit simply isn't enough and that you really need at least 24bit to capture the sound quality of the original analog master recording. the thing is, this article was from… 1982! so right after the introduction of the cd format, 24bit was already debated. on the other hand, there are equally impressive calculations that seem to prove 16bit/44khz is more than enough to handle everything we can possibly hear. on article that i often see referrals to is one by xiph: http://people.xiph.org/~xiphmont/demo/neil-young.html there is also a youtube video by xiph where a 1khz tone get’s put through an 16bit encoder and oscilloscope and gets compared with the original – no difference can be seen. therefore, original and 16bit encode sound the same and 16bit is enough… forever. it’s easy to dismiss this by stating that in the real world, nobody listens to test tones, but to music. and music, with all different kinds of instruments and singing going on at the same time is more complex so it may need a higher resolution. this idea however, can be tested easily: just take a good sounding 24bit album, and convert it to 16 bit. play them side by side. do you hear a difference? don’t be surprised if you find out they sound identical. however, even if 16bit may indeed be enough to cover everything, naysayers who point out to this are still missing the forest for the trees. the thing is, the pono is not about numbers. its about sound quality. what’s the best sound quality you can obtain? that would be the artist-approved studio master recording. if you have spotify, please do the following. open spotify, and search for the following track: born to be wild by steppenwolf. you know that one, right? now listen to the different versions on various albums of this song. do they sound the same? hell no! even with simple pc speakers, you can hear some version being louder, brighter, duller, shorter (!) etc. how can this be? it’s not spotify’s oggvorbis coding that’s the fault here. the differences are in the original albums themselves. what you hear, is record companies and sound engineers going crazy. you can do this with lot's of well-known tracks that have been released on many (compilation) albums. when you hear 2 completely different sounding versions of the same song, at least one of them is wrong. the only one that is correct, is the artist-approved studio master. this is where the neil young and his pono comes in. what the pono is really about, is to give the music listener the best possible sound format: the artist approved studio master. since nowadays most studio recording are made in 24bit/192khz, it makes perfect sense to release them in that format. unaltered by record company stakeholders who don’t care about music, only about profits. unaltered by recording engineers who should know better, but overuse loudness and compression anyway. it about making people (especially young people) aware that real music does not sound flat and thin, but lush, dynamic, emotional and rich. it’s about giving them the opportunity to listen to music as it was meant in the first place. for that, neil young should be applauded. if 24 bit is technically a waste of space, but in the real world gives us access to studio master quality, i’m all for it. the result is more important than the process. and one last thing: if you provide the consumer with the 24/192 studio master recording, everyone can have their cake and eat it too. the audiophile uses the original studio master file. the skeptic can convert it to 16 bit, save a lot of space on his pono and keep the sound quality anyway. if you want an mp3 for convenience, that’s possible too. and you can also put them all three on your pono and then compare them. start with the mp3, then up to the 16 bit and then the high resolution 24bit. you may be pleasantly surprised.
minus the bear sig series
if i see a white caddy driving around i am so getting in.
based on the picture it doesn't have signatures for grateful dead, but the band logo. not sure if this link works, but you can see it on the main ks page: https://s3.amazonaws.com/ksr/assets/001/836/283/22cdf2b7d4d78ae4cc242b136a967572_large.jpg…
amazing, i could pledge zz top 1 of 1!!! what a luck!!!
they said current band members it will be interesting what they do with the grateful dead since the band did not perform with that name after jerry garcia died hope it has jerry and the rests signatures on the pono guess that would be righteous as they say
i have a question about the le versions. in the case of bands like the grateful dead does the pono come with the band logo or the printed autographs of all the band members like the solo artist models?
@andreas j meier @gary craig what fantastic ideas different colors or clear cost no more to make fabulous i'm in
@jdc  @eduard  cheers guys was starting to sweat that it could all go pear shaped and i could lose my pledge  @eduard hope you get the nych you were after...someone let another one go earlier !!
i'm into dubstep and dnb. also locked in a pono le.
i'm trying to get her crowd into pono, but she says the young are really into crap recordings, which pono is leagues above. hopefully they will mature into pono.
@anthony : no, you are ok, 15 pays for the shipping. for us europeans, vat and import-duties also apply.
@ anthony - i am pretty sure the $15 covers the international charge. there were some people pledging the $415 and adding another kickstarter account, pledging again and not adding the $15 to the 2nd pledged item. like pono was going to combine the post. so pono team is just making sure people add $15 to every extra pledge they make.
sorry my daughter posted my last one, and she is a manager for dubstep and beyond.
im kinda confused about the international shipping announcement,,,,when i pledged my $400 for my le from the uk it automatically added a $15 shipping charge which i thought was the $15 shipping charge that was continually mentioned ? does this mean i have to add another $15 making the total shipping up to $30 ?? if so why was the $30 not automatically added when i backed ?? need to ge a definitive answer quickly or im doomed :(
what's with the one off zz top?
stephen! http://youtu.be/meg9ecjdgka ;-)
@peter beck my bad, i'm just mad. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_proof
“ 8 days till a pono triumph pee
“ 8 days till a pono triumph pee
@whistling joe....double negative there buddy. its a forfeit.
dennis 8 days till a pono triumph pee
@peter beck i know what you mean....and to think i gave up on santa and xmas all those years ago. have read every comment on this kickstarter , positive and negative, and am as excited by pono as i was at the beginning. keep positive, don't let it bring you down....
in the bad fog of negativity, to quote neil, i just wanted to say something positive: attaboy, pono team! you guys are doing a great job, and because it seems like all you get are absurd suggestions/demands and criticisms, you deserve some positive feedback.  so, keep up the good work and thanks!
@gary craig - that would be awesome!!! see-thru pono, jesus that would rock! i hope that the pono team knows that most people are very satisfied with how they are doing and what they are offering. compared to what it does and the quality that i believe it delivers it in, these are ultra bargain prices. i feel lucky to have even been a part of this kickstarter. i get an incredibly sexy music player in a chrome finish with the signatures of the members of arcade fire on it for only $415 bucks?!!! i can't wait to play with it for an indecent amount of time :-) let's spread positivity and good vibrations from now on. questions are fine, but the monologues about why we're all stupid are turning people off. the atmosphere is way off at the moment. it's not very inviting to new backers, is all i'm saying. i love you all, and i think that you're all beautiful, smart and capable of everything that you want. no, i'm not high.
whistling joe, what the hell is your problem? grow up! again,if you want to make the investment fine,if not,that's fine too. i don't need you to tell me to go back to the rock i crawled out of..... it's impossible to even grace that with an intelligent answer. i want pono to be as good as it can be as well but as kinch just suggested,try to be constructive not destructive!
8 days till a pono triumph pee
no color changes on ponos not allowed
@andreas.......or how about a clear pono. you can see the workings, how cool would that be? battery not accessible of course, but cool looking.
@gary @kinch agree! let's be positive! everybody chill, be patient, keep the faith. it's been a long time comin
i'd like to see a blue player as an extended target ... and a green and purple ponoplayer too. please, give us colours!
@whistling joe you obviously are in the business of attempting to generate discontent with your continued childish accusations and recent nastiness please stop it. there is surely something more constructive you can offer.
simon http://m.youtube.com/watch…
@gary *like
can people please refrain from personal insults to fellow pledgers. becoming tedious. you can disagree with someones point of view without degeneration.
@elisabeth toncic no i do not accept they have a skeleton crew that is they say they yet they have 17 people listed on the team hardly a skeleton crew more like way over staffed they have not gotten the money yet so they can't make anything so what are they all doing not my concern as long as the pono comes to light they are hardy over worked 4000 comments and they have only made 240 of them most companies would staff up the pr department to handle the customer load a few ten dollar per hour clerks but this is kickstarter and it is understood they will have issues they have done a good job but recently have made a few mistakes just trying to help them not sure what rock you crawled out from under but go back
the only item i would drop my csny le for would be a ny le. even then i have no idea why i would do that, i mean the player is the thing right? yet i keep refreshing the page in hope.
@bastian it's a $300 early black!
@lisa is it a $200 dollar early black?
@juan ok thanks!
@ rich heart how about ny?
@lisa cooper if you already have a pledge, just keep a watch for the new artist pono players to come out within the next days, and keep checking csny also.  do it from your manage your pledge page, and when you see one pop up....and you will then pick it.  just make sure that you have a $400.00 pledge already in, that way you can skip entering that amount when it comes up.  good luck!
i can trade a early black, you can put all of the artists on it when it arrives!
re: update #19 ….this is the only place i have seen “continental” us mentioned. do backers in hawaii and alaska need to add the $15 shipping to each pledge? aloha from the big i !!
you can message me on ponopeople. as it stands i want to keep that.
@rich heart may i please have your csny?!
love me some zztop! https://www.youtube.com/watch…  pono team you guys rock!  walk like a giant pono!
rt, whatever problem you have with me,i'm not going anywhere so,mind your manners!
@et, go home, and for good
so,whistling joe,you accept the fact they've told you they're running with a skeleton crew & have corrected their mistakes and move on. you don't continue to point out the same things over & over!
thanks @whistling joe
@michael pflaff they have made several as have other members you may also find some at the spam site people pono.org
@elizabeth toncic  been on since first day and have three accounts buying ponos kickstarter is pretty much like a store but it has risks when the creator starts making mistakes three in past three days yes people get nervous so far they have explained them but they also say how busy they are busy people sometimes make mistakes
any headphone recommendations from the pono team?
just like to say thanks to my daughter for buying me live at the cellar door vinyl. nice update on the eu tax/import possible hits for those in the eu, maybe should have pointed to the import duty & tax calc website which is very accurate so people can see the amount they may have to pay in the uk and most of eu if customs pick your package. £320 give or take £10.00 to own a sig le at today's rates.
see, we can all make mistakes. no biggie.
@richheart: rich. that was a mistake and he needs to switch to the other zz reward before we can remove the erroneous reward.
@whistling joe "too" is not spelt with only one "t". sad to hear you're nervous.
whistling joe, no one on here is nervous,especially those of us who have been aboard since the beginning. me thinks you're the one whistling in the wind! this is a kickstarter program not a store. either you believe in it or you don't. you get to make the choice!
@pono go get some more sleep to many mistakes is getting folks very nervous
@thank you simon. are you familiar with any ass that play that?
i've got a suggestion rh.  why not choose an artist who plays the hokey cokey because you don't half like to do it.
so somebody grabbed a 1/1 zztop series. wow! :) they paid an extra $40 but that is going to be special. now with all these ass l.e.s around, i am losing sight of what to choose; i want csn+y (i am down for one), tom petty (down for one of those too), ny, bs, eagles, cs+n, jackson browne, elton john, james taylor, norah jones, grateful dead, emmylou harris, rhcp and an october bright yellow (extra rare) one (i am down for one of those too). so, how do i choose? i am going to get just one. that will be special enough, will have the pono sound and anyway how many can i possibly listen to? so, i just have no idea. i will release the tom petty one as it is lower on my list than elton john, jackson browne or the eagles. so anyone who has a good suggestion, may just end up enticing me to let go of the tp for them ....
spam
so there's still a #1/1 zz top available. that's rare
one black first  edition october delivery pono player up :)
@aaron wensel: the $440 zz was a typo. we just added a new zz at $400. please select that instead.
i tried getting an answer about what the specs will be for example output power by asking pono a question but no luck. the campaign will end soon and this basic info is still unavailable. it would also be nice to know if the mp3 decoder uses floating point. not all my music is in flac.
zz top pono available... $440 tho???
one crazy horse available
@aldis petersons buy a good adc (analog-to-digital converter).
@bernado ochoa also sccrobling is pretty much piracy so likely it would not be on the list to include in the software either
@bernardo ochoa don't count on it this is a hardware playback device for playing hi res music it's not connected to internet and i don't think it has any communication abilities people have asked but it's been rejected or rather said no to at this time
any word on my earlier question: "will the pono include some sort of register of played tracks in such a way that it would be possible to scrobble tracks to last.fm? i really like the pono project, but scrobbling ability would be important for me to finally move on from my ipod classic to it." otherwise, i'll assume a negative and probably will pass on a full pledge on this...
$5.5 million! i'm completely blown away by that number. mostly i'm proud that audiophiles can get behind a fresh idea and a promise to blow life back into music! :-) @aldis - i have been accused for spamming so apologies in advance to those of you affronted by that. for information that you think might have been answered before and additional questions, check out our indexed and friendly forum community over at www.ponopeople.org. there you can search for any phrase or check out one of our many sub-forums to learn more about pono and the player :-) hope to see you there!
@jdc i'm moved on. but his music is moving with me.
$200,000 to go to be 3rd most funded kickstarter project! also a pretty busy comments field, now over 4000 comments. go go!
question to pono team or other backers. any suggestions what the best way would be to transfer my vinyl records to pono?
@whistling joe i see. well, that would mean dealing with courtney love. no one want's to do that. i understand there's link between mr. neil young and cobain. ny thanked him in his rock'n'roll hall of fame induction speech.
@jdc not until i have had one in my hand video uneasy or scripted
@demitri you should send the band an email
@ whistling joe - would you like to be shown around the world? tell everyone how good the pono is. the new video has made me uneasy.
@aldis difficult to get permission when band members die. send a note to his estate if their is one or maybe fan club
@treatise college kids can afford better headphones that grade school teens
@ aldis - no probably not, time to move on.
@jdc maybe that is what was on the teleprompter
hi all dose anyone know whats the best flac player for mac , i use vox player and it sounds great . looks like they have a good chance of getting to the $6,000,000 mark . i was getting a le but cash is low ,so i got the last black oct one
any chance for nirvana pono. 20 years now since kurt left us.
pj up for grabs
@shane thank you for those kind words. it was truly my pleasure
good morning friends, to me, the pono player is like the apollo 11.  it's the vehicle that gets you were you want to go....the moon!  where i want to go is to the intention of the artist...i want to hear what the artist intended for me to hear in the first place.  the lyrics of driftin back peel all the crap away and brings it to the intention...neil young's intention...the artist that joined him and their intentions, which is what pono is really really all about.   have a cup of coffee and check it out! http://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/neilyoung/driftinback.html https://www.youtube.com/watch…
in true neil young tradition, i bet he will include everybody's rockin' and tonight's the night in the ny le player.
i have a pair of seinhauser hd2 headphones. will they be ok for pono? also if i was to get some earplugs what should i go for?
@mobiusengine. great post!
it seems to me there is some future refinement for pono and its message. not to denigrate the good work the team are doing, both in front and behind the scenes, but the main messages seem to flip flip about and lead to some secondary messages. this is just my opinion of course but so many articles and threads that discuss this seem too eager to move into subjects that derail the main intentions. the main thrust of what pono can offer is in a 'portable' music device that is capable of playing the highest quality digital file. it is cheaper than the competition and it will offer a unique and specialist set of electronics to do that, you won't find it anywhere else. the second aspect is that it will supply that high quality music straight from the mixing desk, as the artist intended, via the pono music store. the fact that they are able to supply up to 24b 192k is, for me, a little off the point. the fact that they are as close to the original masters as possible is much more of a draw. as soon as the bit depth and sample rate is mentioned it is held up as the primary selling point but high quality music files are not new here, neither are the means to play the files either on a pc or high end music system. having an end to end system to bring a portable, high quality listening experience straight from the mastering of the source material is a whole new ball game. just my opinion of course and probably not needed in the scheme of things. very excited. carry on.
so how do we convince the millions of kings of leon fans that they need a ponoplayer?
noone keen on that ny&ch le pono?
@jdc, i think pono looks so retro that the guy didn't expect it to be touch screen.
just wanted to publicly thank @richheart for trading me his pearl jam! can't thank you enough rich! what a kind soul! i feel blessed to have crossed paths with this person and it fortified my faith in humanity. a complete stranger from the other side of the world! there is hope, yet!!
the new video is odd. touch screen with excitement? this is 2014
@ whistling joe, good point as i'm sure said feature was probably a prototype that will be in a prominent museum down the road.
@dennis lane lol
@whistling joe yeah, that would be silly. especially if you have your thingy out at the time :) (sorry, i couldn't resist ... all in good humour)
@pono for those people that want to maybe neil can sing a song in crappie mp3 and then try to sing it in hi def and include those two versions of the same songs on the pono for everyone. then those people who want a revelor will have an actual song they can play when they are plugging it to their friends. but definitely don't waste your time putting that in as a feature that would be silly
@pono go get some sleep and take your time answering questions please mistakes about gap less and about the video are just firing up concerns. you have a good product but these will hurt you. can't wait till this thingy comes out
@gary thanks for the tip on the viideo that worked
oh it's touch screen what the bleep!!! lol!
@eduard nuijen...it was only there for about a minute eduard......i have seen about 4 nych released in the past few days just keep refreshing the page until one appears that's how i managed to get my foo fighters le
@ivan although i have my reservations about the video expressed earlier, your critique is unfair. not many people can afford cans in the hundreds or even thousands of euros, let alone students. a big draw for pono is that the player can/should/will make music sound better even if you listen to your existing mp3s on your cheap headphones. and that is the whole point of the video to me. all 46 seconds i could stomach, at least.
@anthony i checked right away but it must have already been gone
one nych le available ;)
@ivan ; so happy you can still laugh because it looks like you are quite miserable posting the way you do
never lol'd so hard at the promo videos like at the new one. teens listening to pono on bose noise cancelling headphones (surely they offer much quality, yeah :ddd), sennheiser 212, and out-of-date sony 7506 - this is really a very representative listening experience with "unbiased and consistent estimates" of sound quality. :) this is quite absurd - don't the people of the art and musicians have enough nuts to offer the younglings their very headphones, their private ones? don't they listen to any stax, audeze, hifiman, abyss headgear? if yes - why don't they throw one at the young folks to simply smitten them with the praised "unmatched sound perfomance of pono"? if no - why do they even dare to judge about the sound quality on other videos? :) marketing. that's the driver of the masses, like the religion in the middle ages. :)
any chance of any hip hop artist le's? pharell or the roots for example.
@benjamin you can downsample flacs yourself and test out the difference. you can either us a foobar2000 abx plugin to do it on your computer, or load two different sets of tracks to your player and use that. you can even randomize the filenames it is a proper blind listening test. i've done that with music bought from hdtracks, abx testing with my computer system wasn't successful, but i suspect/hope it is due to reasons pono said just below (poor computer audio quality, on-the-fly downsampling), and that i can hear the difference with a good player like pono. i guarantee i will be testing it if i decide to get a pono.
@jeremie most movies already have high-res audio, and you don't need pono or have to go to the theater to hear it. dts-hd master audio is quite common format on blurays, and supports up to 192/24 for up to 5.1 channels. perhaps more importantly, movie soundtracks contain full dynamic range, where speaking parts sound like you're in the room, and explosions will move the earth if you have the stereo system for it. i wish pono will bring that level of fidelity back to audio mastering as well.
community of ponopeople.. visit us @ www.ponopeople.org
just compare thru hi end stereo. it will be obvious.
@creator what a shame, that really undermines all of the comments from the artists if the revealor feature wasn't "very accurate"... i would think the "true" comparison would be an mp3 of a song with the same song in hi-res (same mastering) on the pono player in real-time, which is what i thought the "revealor" feature would do. otherwise you aren't doing a true comparison between low-res and hi-res as you are introducing an additional variable i.e. the hardware...
jean - no, this player has no wireless capabilities.
no
will pono be able to connect to my bose wireless headsets? please let me know!
@the ponomusic team true. but i know some of the integrated soundcard can playback 24bit/192khz just fine, and avoid any downsampling made by the operating system's sound server if necessary, but that isn't convenient. and emi do suck, but it's not the end of the world. i understand what you're saying, and agree with the choices that have been made about the design of the ponoplayer, i never complained, but i disagree with the article, to me it's all about the store, i cant afford a ponoplayer anyway and already have a nice dac waiting to playback some "ponomusic". my point is, i'm really happy about all this, and people should think twice about ponomusic, even if they are not going to or cant purchase a ponoplayer, because like you and a lot of people said, there are cheaper, non-portable alternative. overall, what i want as a worst case scenario is people buying 24bit/48khz instead of mp3s. know what i mean?
i would like to know on average how long will the typical pono high res format album take to download, saying that i have moderately fast internet connection? thanks larry novey
dear supporters.  if you'd like to review all the comments the pono team has posted here during the campaign without having to comb through 4000 comments, here's a place where you can find them all: https://www.kickstarter.com/profile/1003614822/comments
@benjamin day the primary reason is because the original design of the revealer was to downsample a hi-res audio to simulate low-res audio.  but that's just a simulation and not very accurate.  the true comparison is when you listen to an mp3 on your mp3 player and to a hi-res version of the same son on ponoplayer.  the difference is vast.
@jérémie blais jérémie what we often find is that when people say they can't hear the difference between hi-res and mp3s is because they typically are listening to hi-res on their laptop sound card.  computers and most smartphone operating systems are designed to downsample all audio to the lowest common denominator.  so when you listen to hi-res music, what you actually hear on your computer is a downsampled version unless you're using a special usb dac that avoids your computer's cheap internal sound card.  also, computers and smartphones are designed to be computers and smartphones.  they're not designed specifically to reproduce high quality sound.  the amount of distortion that exists inside a computer or smartphone with all the jam packed circuitry makes it impossible to reproduce sound flawlessly even if you have a high end dac in there.  ponoplayer's design was not for convenience, it was for distortion free sound reproduction.  this is why we ended up with the toberlone design which has enough space internally to isolate all circuitry.  we've gone out of our way to make sure none of the internal circuitry produces any distortion. many people's experience with hi-res music is tantamount to their experience with hi-res cameras.  if you take a photo with an slr camera at 30-plus megapixel resolution and then look at your photo on a low-res monitor then all you see is what your monitor can display.  all the extra resolution is lost.  same thing is true with hi-res music.  the player you use is as important as the resolution of the source material.  check out great article:  http://bit.ly/1mik2ht
@steve hugill 1)  latest the ponomusic store will be available is october, hopefully sooner for browsing purposes. 2)  hopefully shortly after kickstarter we'll find out each artist's album choices for the le.  we'll inform you when we know. 3)  we'll make recommendations after kickstarter. 4)  as for trent reznor, check this out:  http://t.co/zkieqvvz3g
@creator why won't the ponoplayer have the revealor feature?
hey! @whistling joe! got it...just begin playing the video in its normal configuration, then pinch open to resize it. do not tap on the full screen arrows at any time. when done, pinch it back to normal size.
i'm having a hard time reading posts about people that cant hear the difference between lesser formats and 24bit/192khz, you're obviously not trying hard enough to focus on the music you're listening to. to me, the difference between 96 and 192 is hhhuuugggeee. can you hear the difference between not being able to hear a thousands notes and then hearing them without any problem ? it's an insult to writers, not just musicians. i found that there is a lot more 'body language' being communicated with higher resolution, more emotions, pitch perfect. also, forget misheard lyrics (hehe). in my opinion, you should and will, one day, hear the difference, even with the integrated sound card you already have in your computer. i do. ponomusic is an important movement because it will change how people see sound technology. one day, it won't only be ponomusic, but movies, tv and videos with better sound quality, that matters too. oh, i hope there is no sampling rate any lower than 24bit/192khz configured into the sound gear of a venue/festival/arena, because the sound engineer believes some stupid scientist (you're not really a scientist if you ended up with the conclusion that people cant hear the difference above 16bit/44khz, they obviously do). also, you know what's awesome about higher resolution formats ? reading them with a spectrogram. with a small to medium sized band, you could, imo, easily analyse and transcribe the content to a music sheet and play it (watch out for special effects though), here's one more reason to pay for 24bit/192khz and calling ponomusic a revolution. the most important aspect of this kickstarter is ponomusic, not the ponoplayer.  the hd tracks catalog is just boring. also what the hell !? sd cards = unlimited music, and they dont take as much space as 16bit cds or 8bit cartridge, people used to cary these around back then, remember ? 1. dont mind my english. 2. this is just my opinion. 3. can i start buying "ponomusic" soon !? respect, joey
hey peeps... noticed a couple of "gapless not lossless" comments... i'm sure that @ponoteam means lossless. lossless means that the soundwave is as complete as possible. mp3s are a lossy format as compression squishes the sound waves to take up less space... hence why mp3s are 5mb compared to flacs 40+mb. also don't forget that most modern music is butchered before being mastered to cds (after the initial master recording) to make everything louder and bassier (mainly dance stuff but a lot of pop stuff too) by removing the high and low peaks to make it easier to increase volume levels and compression... @ponoteam i have a couple of quick questions to ask... 1) when will the music store be open to look at what is available? 2) when would we find out what tracks we would be receiving on the artist signature models? 3) what would you reccomend to convert my vinyl collection for the pono? 4) have you contacted trent reznor for this as i think he would flip his s**t for this! plus i recon his signature series would sell quick!
@aaron cohen  welcome aboard.  glad to you have you and thanks for your support.  you don't have to repurchase anything.  use everything you have.  all we're trying to do with the ponomusic store is to give music fans a trusted store where they can obtain the highest resolution version of each piece of music directly from the original masters, with the pono seal of approval.  we're trying to push the studio and labels to once again pay attention to audio quality and to produce fantastic sounding products.  we're also trying to provide a place where indie artists can get their music sold and recognized.  we're trying to raise the quality bar for everyone if you will.
@treatise we're also coming around to the point of view of putting more emphasis on the quality of our player.  it really is something to behold.  to quote the great charlie hansen of ayre accoustics, "this thing is going to sound insanely great!". hopefully, after the campaign we can hire some good marketing people to improve on our messaging.  thanks for your input.
@kinch yes.  i meant gapless playback.  just testing to see if people are reading these!  sorry about the typo.
just pledged, glad i found this! i am glad i will be able to use all my existing flac files on this! i have hundreds purchased from hdtracks and use shure se846 ear buds. i would have hated the prospect of having to re-purchase these through the pono store!
@treatise yes.  i meant gapless playback.  sorry.  i've been at this all day and can't see straight any more.  thanks for catching the mistake.
@pono good points all around. i wasn't looking it from glass full/empty side at all. the part i quoted was essentially saying that the author thinks your marketing efforts should concentrate on the hardware instead of the pono format and 192/whocares. i agree with this notion. and i'd also add that having your current mp3s and cd flac rips sound better on pono should be the other main emphasis in your marketing, not a passing mention like it is now. this resonates much stronger with people with large music collections, than hearing they have the opportunity to re-buy all their cds and itunes tracks, and at 15-25 usd per album. i'm not a marketing pro by any stretch, so take the above with that in mind!
@tomáš engelthaler ponoplayer makes most headphone sound dramatically better than you thought was possible.  our recommendation is to wait for your player, try it with your current headphones and see how it goes.  if you want to upgrade, take your ponoplayer to best buy and try it with various headphones.  when it comes to audio equipment, you can never trust what read on paper.  you need to hear it for yourself.  i personally have listened to pono on my bose noise-canceling headphones, on my iphone earbuds, and on my $500 home audio system.  it makes them all sound great.  my bose sounds much better than the other two but i've been impressed with all of them.  then i got to hear pono on a $10k ayre home audio system.  it knocked my sox off.
@bastian, what a joke!
@treatise the very same article ( http://bit.ly/1mik2ht  ) that we ourselves have spread the word about here and on social media, is a pro-pono article.  here's another quote from it: "but when it comes to making the leap from using a smartphone as a music player to using something built to play music well, like the pono, the chasm in quality between the two is deep and wide." i guess the part of the article you quote depends on whether you want to see the glass half empty or half full. none of us here at pono are marketing experts, at least not yet.  all we're trying to do is to the tell the truth about how digital music doesn't have to sound bad.  for good audio to come out of your speakers, it needs to be passed down losslessly along a long chain - from the recording studio, through the remixing and mastering processes, through the coding to the audio file format, through the music store, through your desktop, through your dac and audio filters, through your amplifier, and to your ear.  obviously the weakest link in this chain determines the fidelity of the music you hear. but trying to get this complex message out to the general public is no trivial task.  it's like trying to push jello, if you will.  the good news is that we've gotten people talking about hi-fidelity music.  now people know there are alternatives to mp3s.  now articles such as this one are being written and paid attention to.
@creator pono player has a one-year warranty, but eu requires a minimum of two years. will the eu requirement be honored? and a longer warranty is another idea for a stretch goal ;)
@pono thanks but i guess my ipad is bad or i can't find the setting the video is 1 inch by 2 inches when i hit the full screen button but thanks for the feedback
@pono in your post copied here, i assume in point 1) you are referring to gapless playback, not lossless playback? creator the ponomusic team 3 minutes ago @shawn bianchi @barry jinks  barry thanks for the good questions. shawn thanks for the thoughtful answers. we may have to hire you to do our outbound marketing! shawn is correct about his answers. let me amend a couple of them: 1) we're working on lossless playback. we believe we'll be able to support it for hi-res music but not necessarily for mp3s and lo-res formats. if we don't have this working perfectly on first release, we plan to improve it with firmware upgrades.  3) you should rip your cd collection to flacs and enjoy them on ponoplayer. they'll sound fantastic. our desktop software will support this type of ripping. but you can use third party software as well. just make sure you rip them losslessly. many rip software have default configurations for smaller size optimization which result in loss in audio fidelity.
@kurt egyiawan welcome to our campaign.  thanks for your support. we love audiophiles, many of us are audiophiles.  however, the barrier to entry for non-audiophiles for listening to great sounding digital music has been too high thus far - both from a technical knowledge perspective and from a financial perspective.  many audiophiles spend tens of thousands of dollars to setup their home audio systems. what pono is all about is to cut through all the complexity and cost and to create a seamless end-to-end experience for the large majority of music lovers to be able enjoy high fidelity music. by the way, that is one fantastic article.
@bastian: only thing to say: +1
guys you do realize that this is just a glorified mp3 player right? (you know what i mean) why do people fight so much over this? i understand why the people who work for pono cares as much as they do about the ponoplayer (it's their job). what i don't understand is why people argue to the point of the extreme over this project. this is kickstarter, you paid some money to a new startup company (and got a gift!!!) of all the things happening in the world right now (the beginning of ww3?) you argue over an mp3 player!? of course they can't tell you that much about the setup, they haven't made it yet... so maybe we should all relax and wait for the player to arrive at our front door, and keep in mind that it is just a glorified mp3 player, not the end of the world... it's becoming quite tiresome to read about people's frustrations every time i visit the comment section. (and no they are not just suggestions. some are, but other comments are spam...)
@pono i'm sure you mean "gapless" in your reply: "we're working on _lossless_ playback." :)
@marty tache yes.  ponoplayer has two output lines.  one specialized for headphone listening.  the other for you home audio system.  you'll be amazed at the sound you'll he coming out of your current home audio system.
@whistling joe all our videos are high resolution.  if you want them to fill your ipad screen, you need to use the maximize video option on your ipad!
please be respectful and considerate! i understand that is difficult when some,"backers" seem to be doing anything but backing pono but just don't take the bait. the doubters should read neil's book - it is a real joy to read about neil's life.  neil's  humour and grit shine through.  he really cares about this project - many of us have wanted a sea change in music for many years, neil is helping make that happen for us.
@shawn bianchi  @barry jinks barry thanks for the good questions.  shawn thanks for the thoughtful answers.  we may have to hire you to do our outbound marketing! shawn is correct about his answers.  let me amend a couple of them: 1)  we're working on lossless playback.  we believe we'll be able to support it for hi-res music but not necessarily for mp3s and lo-res formats.  if we don't have this working perfectly on first release, we plan to improve it with firmware upgrades. 3)  you should rip your cd collection to flacs and enjoy them on ponoplayer.  they'll sound fantastic.  our desktop software will support this type of ripping.  but you can use third party software as well.  just make sure you rip them losslessly.  many rip software have default configurations for smaller size optimization which result in loss in audio fidelity.
me and my friend have been watching portable high-quality playback devices for over a year and pono has always felt like one of the best solutions. i'm still learning when it comes to music quality, so i would love more feedback on my earphone choice. i understand that a quality playback device is only part of the story, so it is important to match pono with great earphones. at the moment, i'm using the shure se315 earphones and am more than happy. shure also offers three more expensive solutions in the in-ear monitor catalog. could someone tell me exactly what the advantage is in having two, three or four earphone microdrivers instead of one? how much of a difference in sound quality can i expect? will it be a "hearable" difference?
with nine days left in this kickstarter, i for one, trust that this team behind the pono, will do the best they can to make sure that those who listen to music will be delighted. most of the groups have more money then god already....this is something they want....and i will listen.
@whistling joe i have pledged for two also and it really gets tiring when some want answers to things not written in to stone yet. this is a kickstarter....not sony. even sony would not give you the time that the pono group has..
@dennis lane  you sure are fun i have pledged for two ponos not sure how many you did but don't really care. what is wrong with asking for more and making suggestions for improvement that is what kickstarter is about
so the kids were staged, the player does not do what it intends, the selection of groups will be limited, the battery should be replaceable, the memory should be 128gb, who is controlling the masters to see if they are up to snuff, blue pono should be the color of the day,....audiophiles or audioassh.... if you don't have the stomach to pay some money over to what may be the best deal you will ever have....keep your hands in your pockets...and sthu. whining is not a good trait. man up or get out.
@tadpole the reason for the video of young people listening to pono is that many people criticized us for just asking professional musicians only about their reaction to listening to pono.  this video was meant to address that concern.  but if it's too cute for your taste, you may enjoy reading these two thoughtful articles: http://bit.ly/1mik2ht http://bit.ly/1hrit7q
@treatise the spam site would not be so bad if it was organized and up to date they have an update section that is on 16 yet updates are actually 18 topics contain multiple threads instead of single topics questions go unanswered and are hard to find now in their defense running a forum is a very difficult activity and requires a lot of work. in time they likely will get this down and provide a very useful forum as come apr 15th this project page will be funded and useless from then on i would encourage the spam forum to be a source of very useful information especially once people get them in their hands and start hacking them. like battery mods, memory chip swaps, output jack changes, two way communication on usb ports etc etc etc. time would be better spent on organizing the structure. visiting other forums etc. will help them going forward to what could be a great resource i like you can only hope the plugs stop a simple announcement would be better
@whistling dixie and @tjc i'm here to stay. you paid your entrance and so have i. take a chill pill and if it last for more than four hours, don't call me.
there are those who will pick apart everything only to complain there is nothing left...then there are those who understand there are things we can not know yet and are willing to try.
this place has become venomous...not good for pono.
hi @pono (and everybody else). does the le pono's include a certificate of autenticity? i can imagine a lot of fakes showing up on ebay if the project becomes a major success (which i hope, and expect, it to be).
@treatise let's not hold your breath for the comparison tests as their is no reason for pono to do that they are pushing better sounding music and i know you understand it is in how it's recorded and mastered that will make the difference. they want people to bite the apple by listening and then they believe everyone will want more. well let's hope they are right and the bands that allow inferior music out threw either lacking knowledge or greed are forced to put out better music. it will require convincing a lot of people to make that happen player technology will become what it will become will pono be the best who knows everyone will have an opinion and like you lots of people will not like our opinion. rather lets just push for the blue pono i know the metal one is pretty much been permanently vetoed. i know a machine shop and may have a metal case made on my own
@whistling joe millennials are even more skeptical about marketing than previous generations, so i highly doubt such infomercial straight from the 80s work on them. i wonder if the shamwow guy showed up later in the video...
@ian yes that's the forum i was referring to. it is spam. topical, but spam, plain and simple. there's a ks member whose only comments are spamming this thread with the link. it is so off-putting that i refuse to go there, and i'm not the only one who has expressed disdain for their spam.
@kurt thanks for the link to the article, very good. this sums it up nicely: "but pick nearly any recent online article covering neil young’s pono project ... browse the comment section, and you quickly learn that few if any of them are talking about hardware. instead, what you’ll find is enthusiastic, polarized debate over whether high-resolution audio files are the next big thing, or a total scam. that’s a shame, because a very important point is going un-discussed: high-resolution source material doesn’t mean jack if the hardware you play it on sucks. ... the marketing teams behind the pono deserve some of the blame for misdirected conversations in public forums. they’re the ones feverishly waving the 24-bit/192-khz flag as the ponoplayer’s premeire attribute." here the full article again: http://www.digitaltrends.com/home-theater/hd-audio-naysayers-missing-point-hardware-audio-files/#!cs1dy
@treatise it's marketing aimed at kids yet they looked like some of the oldest teenagers i have seen. my granddaughter is in high school so i go to various events frequently maybe the kids at her school have not been held back several times as they looked quite younger
tried watching the listening test video. i didn't last a minute, it felt like a staged infomercial - is there any other kind? -, and felt too embarrassed for the poor kids. subjective listening tests are pointless no matter how experienced the listener is, especially when you know the player is supposed to sound better, and the only way you get your face and soundbite on tv (internet) is by waxing lyrical praises. i just wonder what demographic that kind of marketing is directed at. give me results from abx or double blind listening tests and i'll pay attention.
@dennis lane have a nice day
@dennis lane happy birthday when you grow up let us know
i apologize to this thread for both myself and  on behalf of@tjc for what just occurred.
@steven logsdon yes.  our desktop software will support ripping cds to flac (and other formats).  you'll be able to play your songs on your ponoplayer.  but if you look at the ponomusic quality diagram, you'll notice that cd lossless flacs that we'll have on our store are based on the original master.  what many don't realize is that the music on actual cds has been slightly compressed to allow an album to fit on a physical cd.  having said that, if you rip your songs they'll be amazing - ten times better than an mp3.
@tjc to many asses in the world with not enough chairs. you are really a high level low life. recently had my birthday party where many local musicians came to play on their time in my home, glad you did not show up.
@dennis lane  pono said it was hard to get groups with deceased artists many members contacted the remaining members of the grateful dead now we have grateful dead pono maybe is more people contacted other band management companies we would get some of the other artist as far as you and a party doubt that anyone would want to go to it.
i have faith in the team behind pono and the pono player itself....neil is not in it for the money....but the soul of music...which has been absent for way to long.
wow, remind me never to invite some of you to a party...dead artist...staged young people enjoying pono. give us a break.
that latest video seems to me to be very staged.  a bit like listing to a radio commercial where they are obviously reading off cue cards "i listen to kroq  because it plays the best mix of classic and new rock" type of thing
@did they announce the blue pono today?
@tjc that's really in bad taste.
now that grateful dead is a pone with several dead members will that open up other ponos with dead members beatles led zep jackson five patsy cline liberace bing crosby louis armstrong levon helm jimi hendrix
http://hub.audiogon.com/blog/2014/04/04/agon-sampler-re-released/… cheap sampler!
@gregory de tennis it won't control it threw the audio jack you should be able to control volume only threw the radio in your car
@mel thanks, that's very interesting, maybe something like this can be done.  i think this would be a great boost to this project.
i assume that when you plug the pono into your car audio jack you will only be able to control the music via the pono. right now i can control mi ipod via the cars audio controls which is nice and easy. just put the unit in the glove box plug it in and go. i hope/wish the pono will work the same way.
@shawn bianchi  thanks for those answers pretty much expected that with the bluetooth, and that's fair enough.  i'm happy enough plugging the pono player into my speakers via audio in. as regards upgrading from cds, there's probably nothing but trust and honesty to guarantee that a person owns a particular cd.  could probably design some software that could determine whether a cd is an original rather than a copy, but i doubt there is a way to stop people lending cds to people.  in my experience people who love music still buy cds (and vinyl if they can get it and have the equipment to play it) because they want the better quality sound, and they believe that the artists should actually get paid for the hard work they put into it - these are exactly the people that pono is aimed at.  when you think about it, if pirates do avail (illegally) of such an upgrade scheme, at least you are getting some money from them rather than none. i would love to see some testimonials of people listening to their own music with their own headphones and see what they think.
so where is the bob dylan le pono? that is the one i really want and will trade my current choice for one.
@mary tache you can not just hook up to speakers but you can hook up to a receiver or amplifier with right left rca input jacks the cable that plugs into the pono is a mini phone plug
hi guys, i'm new. i've been keeping a close eye the pono project, but only decided today to actually put my faith and money into the project. what finally made me take the leap was a combination of this well written article bellow; http://www.digitaltrends.com/home-theater/hd-audio-naysayers-missing-point-hardware-audio-files/#!cr7tc ...and the new clip posted today with music students listening to pono. i think it's ridiculous for music lover to have to invest all the time and money an audiophile does, just to appreciate and good music. i'm so glad there's going to be a product that does't require you to have a science diploma and fetish for expensive cabling just to get to soul of what's going on by marvin gaye.  don't get me wrong, i admire audiophiles. i'm a photographer and could wax lyrical all day about raw files and l lens and all the rest of it. but i applaud the endeavour of this project to bring a high end product to the masses. hats off to you. k.
great job.
@shawn bianchi @brian king regarding item number 3) itunes did something similar to matching what music their customers had in itunes with their imatch program.  it found what files/songs they had on their hard drive and put itunes versions out there for them. limited to what itunes had available and there was a max song count limit and a yearly fee charged by itunes.  so it is not outside the realm of possibility however unlikely.
can't wait to get my ponos.
thanks to the person who let their tom petty le go...i can't wait to get it! hoping for #500 of 500! now to shop for some headphones.
@mary tache yes you can play the pono through your home stereo system.
this might sound a little stupid.  but is there a way to be able to play this device through home speakers, or is this only through headphones? the cable looks like a headphone rca plug. if this is true would we have to purchase some kind of adapter to that it then feeds into positive/negative female inputs? regards marty
is thier any way to get the video to fill the screen on an ipad i can hardly see the tiny box can't tell if the reaction is real on not it is also a shame the language used by some and not sure why it had to be printed as a quote guess i'm old fashioned
@ brian king, luckily, most of these questions which pono has answered previously in this comment thread! to save you time digging through the comments or waiting for pono, i can answer these. 1) yes, the ponoplayer supports gapless playback. 2) anyone with any setup will notice a big improvement. the better your setup, the better you will notice the difference, but the improvements brought about by pono are not entirely bottlenecked by the quality of your audio setup. 3) pono has not mentioned anything with regard to such a program, but cd ownership would be difficult to prove, and so i think it's doubtful that something like this would come out. what would stop people from lending their cds to their friends so that their friends could also get a discount? how would pono limit each cd to being used once? it's a tricky problem. but who knows, this is something pono could maybe answer. 4) no bluetooth capability. bluetooth doesn't have the capacity to carry such a high quality file, and the wireless components have a high likelihood of interfering with music playback as well. 5) no, the app can be used, but is not at all necessary. you can load music onto the ponoplayer as it was any other external drive
is there even a small chance that you guys could convince donald fagen and walter becker to agree to a steely dan version. pretty please!
i have some questions - would pono be able to answer? 1) does the pono player support gapless playback? - portable music players are notoriously bad at this.  there is nothing worse than hearing that small gap between tracks that should flow into one another (pink floyd, live albums, needle -> words on neil young's harvest) 2) what sort of improvement to sound performance should i expect to get from my existing music files (mp3, or cds ripped to flac), along with my reasonable quality hardware (sennheiser hd219 headphones/ sony srs-btx300 bluetooth speakers (via line in))? a lot of the testimonials we see are on listening to high quality pono music files (for obvious reasons), and i would assume that the headphones/speakers are of high quality too. 3) i would love for all my music to pono quality - it would be a dream, however with around 170 (legally purchased over about 30 years, cd) albums on my current player, and with pono music albums priced at $15-$25 that would mean an outlay of $2,550 - $4,250 which is just not feasible.   would it be possible to offer some sort of an upgrade scheme where i could upgrade from cd quality (obviously i'd have to somehow prove i own the cd, maybe through the app on a pc) to pono quality for something like 2-6 dollars (depending on quality available)? 4) is bluetooth capability a possibility at all, or is bluetooth not sufficient to carry sound of this quality from the device to some speakers?  i find that i am using my bluetooth speakers more and more these days. 5) does the music have to be loaded onto the device via an app?  i have often found apps such as itunes, windows media player etc fairly pointless when you can just drag and drop files from one place to another.   such apps have also contributed to the downfall of some other devices - sonicstage by sony (for minidisk and walkman mp3 players) comes to mind.
hey guys. any chance you could talk to dream theater for another artist signature version? they are my favorite band and i am pretty sure they would be highly interested in your endeavor. i know i am just one person but if you could do that, i would gladly bump my pledge up to $400.
not cost effective
hey.. congratulations on being at many times your goal on this project. can you ease back on the marketing now? i like you guys, i really do, but having a bunch of 20-something "teens" telling me how great the music they just heard makes me just lesens the appeal for me. flac isn't new, you know that. the ability to play that music also isn't new. that maybe is new if you can get the original masters converted and into your store for a lot of bands. please don't ruin this by trying to seem hip and cool. everytime they said, "it sounds like vinyl" i just cringed.
great new video!!!  do you think those youngns are lying, i don't think so!  neither is neil!  share it friends and be a part of the movement :)  i could care less about upgrades and technical stuff at this point.  it is real simple to me.  does it let me hear the music the way the artist intended for me to hear it?  the answer is a resounding yes.  thats all i need to know!  i'm in like flynn...keep on keepin on!!!
@creator before @andreas callendal asked you about the sony vs the pono,he asked about the fiio x5 vs the pono. i'd be curious as to your comparison of those 2?
just managed to snatch a nych le. if anybody wants to trade for a $200 dollar le i am up for it.
@creator many thanks for your helpful and detailed comments tonight, in particular your response to andreas callendal question re the ponoplayer v the sony nwz-zx1. i know that you have said some of those things before, whether here or in the faq on the ponomusic.com website, but it is good to see the passion for the pono, together with the detail. sincere apologies if it appeared that way, but i was certainly not referring to the pono team or anything they have said when i made the "our road or the high road" comment. i also know that not everything suggested by us enthusiasts can be done in time for the first public delivery in october, that there will be improvements and elaborations for the second and subsequent versions. some of us get more than a little irrationally exuberant in our wishes to have perfection, or as close as we can get to it, "now", whether now is october or december or a little later. again thanks, and best wishes to all the pono team in their enterprise.
for the tech people - before you buy memory sd card: http://www.tomshardware.com/charts/microsd-cards-2014/benchmarks,169.html i hope it's ok to copy and paste the headlines: " microsd memory cards are available in capacities up to 64 gb and im various speed grades. high performance sd memory products are usually based on the uhs-i interface and currently deliver up to 533x speeds. this is based on single-speed cd rom throughput of 150 kb/s and means a maximum throughput of 80 mb/s to or from the microsd memory card. we use a core i5-2400 on a gigabyte z77 g1.sniper m3 and sandisk's usb 3.0 card reader image mate all-in-one to check these performance statements. sd memory cards below 32 gb are usually based on the sdhc specification, while larger capacities require sdxc. please check your sd card readers or devices if these can support sdxc.  " we have not been promised, that the pono player will support more than 64 gb (maybe a firmware update later) i don't care - i just buy a lot of cheaper 64 gb cards ;-)
@creator  thank you..  for everything! you created something that no one did before, a digital instrument that has a soul. perfect.
my mistake below. forgot to censor both. my apologies all
'it's touch screen!? what the f**k!?' - quote from one of the pono teens. teens these days are easily impressed! it's yellow!? what the fuck!?
i loved the video! i can't wait to listen to the pono player myself! :-)
can we rip cd's to the ponoplayer?   would it sound as good as the music at the pono store?
@creator thanks very much for the response and amen to this: "we see this as a movement to save the soul of music, not as another product on our portfolio." keep up the great work!
great video....the listeners were clearly impressed with the the pono sound.
@treatise how about the price comparison?  that's not premature is it?  the ponoplayer is over $500 cheaper than the sony product.  we could've easily charged that much and many have criticized us for not doing so, as we believe we have hands down the superior product.  but the reason we didn't set our price so high is because we want the player to be affordable for a large majority of music fans, not just a few. we can't lose money on it but we're not trying to make it all about profits. we see this as a movement to save the soul of music, not as another product on our portfolio.
@pono thanks. everyone here is on the same team. we want a big winner.
@richheart we care about every constructive comment on this site and will take it all into consideration.  but the expectation that we need to respond to every single request or otherwise that means we don't care is a little over the top.  both detractors and supporters are free to express their opinions.  in our responses, we have never stated that it's our way or the highway or anything along those lines. we do appreciate everyone's participation.  but we especially appreciate constructive feedback, as anyone in our shoes would. long live pono!
@treatise if the spam you are referring to is for ponopeople.org then i think you have missed the point. it was established by people from this community because this comments section makes it impossible to sift and filter all of the questions, comments, suggestions and dialogues going on. and to enable the pono team to be presented with a coherent presentation of all of the issues raised here, on behalf of this community. if this comments section would allow those things then there would be no need for the forum. spam it ain't.  if you are talking about something else, then i apologise.
@mel the two albums included on each le are two of each artist's choice of albums.  it could be any of their own albums.  we don't control which two.  they tell us which two.
@ponomusic good comparison. can't believe sony isn't supporting aac, that's a pretty bad oversight, and they really dropped the ball there - one of those harebrained decisions only sony can make. and it's not even a proprietary format! but comparing audio quality of an unreleased products is a bit... premature.
@jim it is perfectly fine to ask for more, especially when the project has raised more than 6x its initial goal. i haven't seen anyone demanding anything, merely suggestions on how to make pono better. some of these suggestions would work as stretch goals, which are great at raising more funds and awareness. and just because mr young et al have worked on this for years doesn't mean they have thought of everything, and that backers can't or won't have good ideas. i've seen several (replaceable battery, metal chassis, gold contacts, pre-loaded albums). whether these are feasible will have to be judged by pono in the end. i wish they did better at communicating their stance, though. for example, saying "metal chassis is not conducive to audio quality" doesn't even begin to address the suggestion. it is the armies of sycophants spewing barely literate stream of consciousness praises for the project who are not contributing anything to this discussion. not to mention the spam for a certain website which i refuse to visit just because of the bad taste it leaves in my mouth.
@andreas callendal an unofficial (my own) comparison of ponoplayer to sony nwz-zx1: - both ship with 128gb of memory, but only pono has swappable microsd cards which allow you limitless portable music capacity with pono a carrying case. - ponoplayer supports all audio formats that zx1 supports plus aac. - zx1 has a larger display than ponoplayer - ponoplayer comes with ayre accoustics technology which make sound as good as $10k home audio, zx1 doesn't. - ponoplayer is the only product we build and has full attention and focus, with stated design goal of flawless reproduction of the original studio sound.  our success and failure rests squarely on its quality. - pono is a grassroots community movement.  zx1 is yet another product on sony's large portfolio. >>>> ponoplayer costs over $500 less than sony nwz-zx1
@jim @lars @terence  i fully agree with what you say. this is a kickstarter campaign to support an idea that a team in the centre, led by neil, want to bring into the world. if you agree with that idea, back it, if not, you don't have to. positive suggestions are great, since day one there have been a few people here who seem to want to make demands and undermine the project - i know not why. what the pono team choose to do with the funds raised is up to them - as long as they fulfil their pledges then they will have honoured their commitments to the community here. and they will have pulled hi res music a long way forward - more than any other organisation as far as i can see - and i am aware of the players and hi res music providers out there already. i just want to see hi res music, and the best replay of existing music, brought to as many people as possible. that is what i am backing. that, i think, is the spirit of what is being done here. i just align with that.  pono.
i imagine that the limited edition players (the ones that are left..if any) will be available for sale even after the campaign is complete, as they should be imo.  hopefully after the campaign, pono will continue to draw support from various artist and add to the collection of signature series players.  in the mean time, and while we differ on various views, lets come together in the spirit of this adventure and tell friends, folks, fb, twitter, your local news stations, your dogs & cats and anyone you can think of.  when you listen to neil in the various interviews and even some of the music he has put out is is clear that his intentions are pono (righteous)  so lets have a little kumbaya for neil & his wonderful efforts to make this a reality.  lets make those calls, emails, tweets and fb messages.  the world is full of bs, and this is one thing that is counter to it.  i once asked a 90 something year old man, that if the world was silent and listening to him, and he only had one thing to say, what would he say?  without blinking an eye and as if he already thought of the question, he immediately said, stop fighting!  not that anyone here is really fighting, just thought i would share that.
some people on here seem to think that the only permissible comments are those they agree with. how boringly narrow minded. i hope pono address (at least to themselves) some of the questions raised.  as backers, we are not purchasing a product or even the right to one but we are supporters. as such, say what we feel might make a positive difference. the only ones who might damage pono, are those who frighten anyone with a question/suggestion into silence. that would belittle this great project.
my dream stretch goal would be for all of the (2) artist's favorite albums to be provided with each pono player.  what a great start to a hi res library that would be and a fairly broad spectrum of musical styles.  if this is cost prohibitive, perhaps a lottery could be conducted for a percentage of the pono player backers to have this delivered with their player.
any chance the list of backers could be sorted alphabetically?
you have more than enough money! no more pledges please and get on with the production of the ponos! come on, this was supposed to be a pure approach to music and not just another money grabber. disappointing! however, i still believe and support the project. i hope that stores are set up in other countries as we'll.
kinch, with respect,'...the point of becoming a backer is to be involved in the development process of the product concerned.'. ?????? ny has been working this idea for at least 10 years in his head and at least 3 or 4 with a team of folks with, let's just say more expansive heads than ours on this topic, up to and including the team at ayre acoustics who are not exactly neophytes in the audio business, and you and richheart and a bunch of the others on this site think that for the price of $300 or $400  (or maybe as little as $5) you are entitled or even have anything more than individual 'i wanna's' to add to the 'development process'?  please,  let the project develop along the trajectory the original engineers and dreamers set it on, (and, incidentally, the trajectory all of us apparently signed on for in march)   if all of you folks who keep asking for more, more, more can't give up your tired refrain then save us all the trouble of reading it day after day, send pono your cv and see if you can join the design team.    terence and lars, thank you for your sane comments.  it must be the sea air.  one of my favorite places on earth is galiano island.
@redwood even i, notoriously and callously dense though i am, find no difficulty understanding the statement  “we would love to double our onboard memory. but at this point it is not cost effective, as the top end memory chips are insanely overpriced”. i might even agree that that statement may very well be true but, contrarian that i am, i'd probably look up the details just to satisfy myself. however, it was not that statement i was querying. i was querying the good mr. fitzgerald's abrasiveness and aggressiveness. the notion of "our road or the high road" and all the echoes in that concept have never sat well with me.
one ny ch is up!!!
@ kinch what part of the pono team's earlier comment didn't you understand? i quote: “we would love to double our onboard memory. but at this point it is not cost effective, as the top end memory chips are insanely overpriced”. you know what they say – when all else fails, read......
@terence fitzgerald. with all due respect, a suggestion was made that pono who are going to provide 64gb internal memory plus a 64gb micro sd card, should consider instead providing 128gb internal memory. that might actually cost pono less overall, and it would leave the micro sdcard card slot free for owners to provide their own micro sdcard. how could such a suggestion be anything other than helpful? if pono have already considered the possibility and ruled it out for some perfectly good reason, then fair enough, let them say so. we backers have made an investment. part of the point of becoming a backer is to be involved in the development process of the product concerned. as you note, the pono team is still small. to me that indicates that they need all the help the can get. they have free and very willing help available here. they should use it.  they also have a lot of hot air here, but that is the price of raising funds via the kickstarter route. to quote a very eminent poet,  "a man needs a maid".
@creator can you provide any insight onto the (2) albums that will be included on the le's? are 'live' albums a possibility? thanks for your efforts, i'm sure you putting in many hours.
@leif rasmussen: we will support usb2. usb3 support is not cost effective at this point and requires design changes. just to be clear, our top priority at the point is investing in sound reproduction quality. so most of our investment is focused on that aspect of our player.
well put @lars. this site has gone to crap since people like @richheart and now @axel have decided to take it over by posting nothing but nonsensical comments and third party links. if you don't like the specs (68gb internal memory for one) that have been listed since moment one, leave. please leave us who are truly interested and invested in this campaign. inundating the small pono team with continual, stupid questions is annoying to all. it's been what, a couple weeks plus now and certain people want upgrades every day as try think of them. so tired of this.
i don't particularly care for the tone of some of the more recent posts. i believe the pono team has been as straight forward as they can at this stage of the game regarding the final specs of the product. most likely there is a lot of calculating going on behind the scenes regarding how the money raised can be spent as wisely as possible.  i believe it would be too early for pono to promise upgrades, like expanded memory for example, before a complete evaluation of the cost of developing/producing the product, its distribution, and the business overhead has been carefully examined. we as backers need be careful in demanding too much as this stage. i am confident pono will get back to us in due time, with info regarding the specs of the final product and how it will be rolled out. we are on kickstarter, after all, at a very early stage for a new product and a new company...
https://www.youtube.com/watch… hadn't seen this long interview with neil about pono yet!
veronica mars, smell the horse on this one!  $247,307.00 from being the 3rd mostest mulla gitter on kickerstarter planet!  that is $24,730.70 a day...otherwise known as a done deal!  flip the switch and bypass the knobs neil :)
@creator oh, and a comparison between the new sony zx1 and pono would be extremely interesting as well as fiio x5 vs pono.
@axel, anyone naive to believe this, shouldn't buy a pono, such as yourself. if your a supporter, why post that. also, there's definitely people out, wanting this to fail. ie : competition. i bought a pono le, and proud of it. this site is becoming a joke. i will wait for my pono player, and  sure to enjoy it. i not wasting my time reading these ridiculous posting anymore. some, not all.
@redwood i can see that, accept it and agree with it. you say things that the pono team don't. i am a backer and the only thing i may change is which l.e. ass i grab :)
@creator thank you!  that's exactly one of the things i was hoping for.
ladies and gentlemen: patience is a virtue - but there doesn't seem to be much on display here, except from the pono team. please, have some patience. it seemed to me from the comparatively small financial goal set for the project that pono weren't expecting such a positive response & that the huge response they did get has been almost overwhelming. @ creator's earlier comment states that they are working flat-out with 80-hour weeks for a small team. yet still the demand from backers is more, more, more. some people aren't even pledging for a player - they just appear to be pledging $1 or $5 so they can make comments here and demand upgraded versions that meet their mythical specifications (and some just troll). @ rich heart    you say the front end of the pono team is behaving like a spoiled child. on the contrary, i would say it's certain backers, demanding more of everything.    it is clearly set out on the main page what pono are offering. if you don't want it, don't pledge (or withdraw your pledge). for myself, i believe pono will try and improve specs if they can & happily await the finished product.please give them the time they need.
i'm going to watch some football (english, not the us version of rugby with crash helmets) :)
@koe wei loong just to save you the trouble of reading through nearly 4,000 comments on here, i can tell you that the issue of replaceable batteries has been exhausted on here. after hours/days of begging from numerous pledgers, the @creator stated that the pono unit could be sent back to be serviced if the battery needed replacing. yes, i know, if you live overseas, that is most burdensome. yes, i agree, that does not sound particularly cost effective. that is what pono decided.  take it or leave it.
@ron and @pono@pono  to make it clear. you are being asked to grant backers the same 128gb as you propose.  however, instead of dividing this between on board and a card, please supply all 128gb onboard and leave the card slot empty, for each user to add their own. if pricing allows (internal memory is cheaper than sd cards) you could even go higher than 128gb on the internal memory.
how about replacing internal battery options when they battery life gets really bad after while? any solutions to this? what are the charge cycles?
@axel thanks for the info supported ref to the forum :)
a critical article from theguardian ... get the link @ http://ponopeople.boardhost.com/viewtopic.php…
thanks pono for the rely. will the files play the same without the app? will it contain album artwork, track info etc. when loaded not using the app? can the app link to files on the computer that already exist or do they need to reside in a pono app folder?
@richheart, more details?
@ron.... haha a little flattery obviously gets you everywhere.  i am patently being ignored despite the more detailed points i raised to pono. even my answer to greg was reiterated by the @creator. i love it, the front of this beautiful campaign is behaving like a spoiled child!
@creator have you tried the fiio x5? right now it seems to be the closest competitor in terms of price and hi-res portable audio. how does it compare to ponoplayer in your opinion?
@gregory de tennis: we will support side-loading of the player. you don't have to use our app to load it. you can load it like an external drive on your computer.
@pono, thank you, and i appreciate your reply.
@rich. yes rich i understand that. i just want to be sure pono works that way. seems logical, but logical is not always the way things work so i just want to be sure. so far i haven't seen anything from the pono people on this process. i hope and will assume what you say rich us correct, seems logical to me.
@ron thomas: what happens if microsd cards become obsolete?  this question can apply to every piece of technology you buy today. we don't expect microsds to be obsolete for the foreseeable future.
i was thinking about the usb 3.0 idea - would it really make a difference? it looks like standard microsd card max out transfer speeds at about 30 mbps, while usb 2.0 can do up to 480 mbps. maybe usb 3.0 wouldn't actually yield any improvement in the pono player?
@greg since you can always drag and drop to an sd card, you already have a solution that obviates duplicating the files on your computer.
@ron thomas: we would love to double our onboard memory. but at this point it is not cost effective as the top end memory chips are insanely overpriced. we are constantly searching for opportunities to improve the quality and capacity of the final hardware we deliver to you. we have already improved several aspects of the player that we're not advertising here.  please trust us that we're working every day to build you the best hi-res player money can buy. if you do some research you'll see that the competitive products cost $800 and higher and we believe we blow them out of the water with pono. to quote the great charlie hansen, this player will sound as good as his $10k home audio systems. he is very proud of what is going into this device and strongly believes it'll be a game changer.
@ron how does that influence what i propose? the pono as is, has a micro sd socket and a micro-usb socket for file transfer.
@dana gibson, i completely agree with you! i had a very disappointing experience recently with the ponomusic team. i don't like their approach to clients. it feels like they're trying to hide something from us (e.g., the fact that we don't really need the hi-res music files they're trying to sell us; the player will make the difference) and provide information that is incomplete. also, if you read between the lines, their comments to people who try to challenge them with questions are cynical and not so respectful (if they respond at all to people who don't just rave the player and congratulate the team on a great product). i think they have a great product, but their approach really discourages me from supporting their campaign.
i don't know, if the usb connection is usb3 - but if it is usb2, i would rather have this updated to usb3 than have more internal memory.
@pono team we now know you're there and just to prove that dana gibson is wrong when he says: "my expectations for the team to answer questions or share what developments have occurred are very low", would you like to answer the multiple recent comments to you on the one topic of better allocation of memory resources? pretty please?
i agree that itunes is cumbersome. i just hope that the pono interface can link to files that already exist. or that we can just drag files directly to the player. if however the files must transfer thru a program interface ala itunes then you'd need a separate pono folder with all your music on your computer from which to transfer to the pono player.
@richheart, what happens if micro sd cards become obsolete in near future?
@dana gibson: dana. we're sorry you feel that we don't care.  we care tremendously. but we are still a small team and this is our first kickstarter. we have been working 80 hour a weeks since the campaign started to make sure we do right by our supporters. we have tried to address the majority of the issues people have raised and made adjustments on the fly. please keep in mind that we're also building a business at the same time as managing this campaign because we have to hit the ground running when the campaign is finished. since we do not get access to your contributions until the end of the campaign, we have to do everything with the original crew that launched this kickstarter. we ask for your continued support and patience.  we will do our best to repeat questions before answering them going forward.
didn't spot any conversation about the new video on the kickstarted homepage yet. it's a video of reactions from teens that were given a chance to listen to pono. check it out!
@greg well i can think of a number of reasons for finding i-tunes cumbersome :)
rich thanks. i wasn't sure if pono would work like itunes or not. with apple devices you need the itunes player, so i just can't drop and drag files onto the player per say. they need to run thru the itunes program.
@pono to make it clear. you are being asked to grant backers the same 128gb as you propose.  however, instead of dividing this between on board and a card, please supply all 128gb onboard and leave the card slot empty, for each user to add their own. if pricing allows (internal memory is cheaper than sd cards) you could even go higher than 128gb on the internal memory. that would be nice, and you shouldn't be out of pocket, but we'll have a bigger chunk in ours :)
@gregory playback on the pono, is from files on the pono. that means you have to transfer them from your computer to the internal pono memory or to the micro-sd card that you then insert in the pono. i doubt you will have to have an extra copy of the files that you transfer from your computer to the pono, sitting on your computer. at worst, you can always drag and drop to the sd card and then insert that into the pono.
i also agree that doubling the memory capacity would make pono a beast! i'd still like to know however if we can transfer files already on our computer using the pono program or if we will need to make duplicate files? i hope the program will allow us to link to files that we already have rather than having to create duplicate files to transfer.
@pono, i agree with richheart, and most probably do. please double memory.
some of the comments and the general approach taken by the ponomusic team seem naïve or in some cases just plain dumb. but they have an agenda and i think they know exactly what they're doing. ignoring simple protocol like repeating a question so that we know what it is they are answering is very frustrating....but it seems they really don't give a rat's ass. i have pledged and look forward to getting my player and seeing what is on the store. but my expectations for the team to answer questions or share what developments have occurred are very low. with that i'll just watch from the sidelines and hope this is worthwhile supporting.
i have a question about the pono program that will be uses to transfer the music to the player. i already have tons of music on my computer. will i be able to just link to those files to transfer to the pono or will new duplicate files need to be created? i'd hate to need space for duplicate copies if all the music files i already own.
the black pono is twice as popular as the yellow. perhaps it will be dropped after this campaign.  that would make it rarer by far than the black and chrome models :) oh pono, why do you answer only messages that obviously suit you, like how to get more artists onboard? do you like the idea of double the internal memory at no/little extra cost to you (as andreas suggested below)? the concept of stretch-goals does not appear to excite you pono, but it is one of the strategies that works on ks.
@cj: cj. we completely agree with you. if all you get the word out on social media particularly to the fans of the supporting artists, it would be a huge boost to pono.
thanks kinch! ron,i hope that's not for me i'm already committed to buying my pono but i've seen others sharing info about other players,etc. just looking for info as someone had told me to look into the x5. remember,next to post comment it says "be respectful and considerate"!
@elizabeth toncic there's a lot of discussion about the fiio x5 on the head-fi.org forums, in the portable source section.
@elizabeth toncic there's a lot of discussion about the fiio x5 on the head-fi.org forums, in the portable source section.
your on wrong site, next,
tyson--got some martin logan mikros and a fiio e-11 amp. 120.00 total and great sound
i've been doing some reading on the fiio x5 which seems like an outstanding unit & is price comparable to the pono. as i'm not an audiophile,could someone give me some insight in to this player? thanks!
@andreas: excellent idea. @creator 128gb internal memory with expansion card space
@creator: how about changing the memory design, doubling the built in memory to 128gb and leaving the expansion slot empty? this enables better upgrade options, in a year i could but a 128gb card cheaply, thus getting space for twice as much music. this design should be of equal cost as the original,  you might also make this a stretch goal.
thanks to whoever let the pearl jam pono go!
tyson no need for amp is what they said earlier
@tyson : on headphones: here is a link http://ponopeople.org/viewforum.php… where headphones are being discussed.
on headphones, getting some hd600 for the player. thinking maybe the woo wa3 amp to compliment. anyone with some ideas out there?
dylan's vinyl is getting the mfsl treatment right now.would be great to get those.  and i'm hoping for pink floyd albums in the store.  dark side of the moon,the wall,wish you were here,animals & meddle would be on my buy list for certain and would sound spectacular. and if rush or kiss will be in the store,i will be buying everything offered up by both of them,as well.  2 bands i've grown up with since their beginnings. 2112 being in my top 5 albums of all time.  and i really hope pearl jam's complete studio catalog is offered up right away and at least some of their official live bootlegs the sell on their own site.live pj is something to behold.cant wait for my pearl jam pono! i could go on & on about artists i would ❤️ to see in the store. and is there anyway we can see what's going to be offered up in the store before october pono players arrive? is there a set store opening day? or do we have to wait until they start shipping out? would be great to open it up to at least peruse what's going to be offered up first.september would be  a nice time.
@creator wondering if albums released by mobile fidelity sound lab (mfsl) will be offered up in the store someday? those would surely sound phenomenal on the pono player!!!
how about a series of neil ponos neil young neil diamond neil sedaka  neil mccoy fred o'neil neil clark just find any musician with neil in his name and put his songs on the same pono
@treatise it would be so simple to do stretch goals with this group of fans like hit 6 million= each pono will be loaded with one neil young album hit 7 million = each pono will be upgraded to 128 cards hit 8 million = each pono will get a set of headphones hit 9 million = each pono will be upgraded to metal cases hit 10 million = each pone will get a pair of neil's old socks hit 11 million = buy one pono get one free
i'm wondering if us backers of the le series ponos will get to find out which 2 albums the artists will add to the units before they are shipped or will that just be a surprise when they arrive ?? just hope they add their most popular albums and not their more obscure efforts.
@creator.  can you show us backers what the pono sounds like/looks in a video or something?  we've heard from the celebrity witnesses but please let us in on this as well.  it feels like a secret club that were not allowed to be a part of.  any new stretch goals would be nice since you've made over five million dollars.
@pierrick with all due respect to pono, they gave a completely non-committal answer, just like to the question on if/when is the pono store coming to outside us/ca/uk. in fairness to them, pono doesn't decide which music gets the pono treatment, it is the artist and their record company - although pono can and hopefully does vet the music so that the masters are high quality. same goes for expanding store access beyond the three launch countries. negotiating music distribution rights across tens of countries is a complex, time-consuming and costly affair, and they can't really commit to a release in netherlands of, say, 2015, when it could be 2015 plus x years.
@pono metallica hasn't been metal since black, and is considered a pariah sell-out in the metal scene. too bad about no (more) metal bands. here's hoping we'll get some blues; b. b. king, buddy guy or even rory block would certainly appeal to many. or better yet (for pono) some popular artists who have charted in the past ten years. i'd urge you to consider adding stretch goals. you've said several times a metal chassis doesn't help with audio quality, but it does help with durability and how the player feels - both important for a portable player which is supposed to last for years. if not a stretch goal for everyone, it could even be a different backer tier. @tjc's idea for a larger microsd card bundle might also make perfect sense, and not even cut into your bottom line much, if at all. if you take a look at the price history for a kingston 128gb card, it has gone down drastically in the past months. if it continues its current trajectory, it very might be just a bit more expensive than a 64gb card now by the time you need to buy them in september/october. http://camelcamelcamel.com/kingston-digital-secure-sdx10v-128gb/product/b0090j5xls… other ideas mooted for stretch goals include gold connects, native linux support, or an album or sampler of music pre-loaded on the player. global distribution rights issues are certainly a factor, but i'm sure some smaller artists would jump at the opportunity of getting their music in the players of 15k people with disposable income.
@creator thanks for the answer! can't wait to listen to all that stuff and rediscover the ones i think i know
@pierrick falmon: agreed. we plan to make the platform as inclusive as possible.
please try to get yusuf islam (cat stevens), he is the best!
i know i know, i already asked that twice, but, one more time: @creator, do you feel like the new pono platform could be the occasion to release old forgotten tunes by the artists? i'm thinking of beck who has millions of songs unreleased like the k records 2 or some songs like sorrow and untitled song n°2 (actual title). it could be great to sell that on the pono platform in pono quality
it seems momentum and new interest are slowly fading on here.  now would be a good time to introduce stretch goals. if the only interest left on here is from hard-core backers, some may start dropping their second ponos
it seems to me that an rem le would be a natural. i would perhaps even consider giving up my neil young le for that. a lot of their music was released on dvd-a, and i think that their demographic would skew towards the pono market
@claudia: metallica is not heavy metal enough for you?  we won't have any more metal bands added unfortunately.
why aren't you including the revealor feature on the ponoplayer?
wow, reached 16k backers! *happy dances*
@treatise some of the 2000 are not player buyers was due to that being the only way to get shirts and posters  but i also agree with you stretch goals have been a major miss on this project could of easily blown away that pebbles project titanium pono pono loaded with music not just a specific artist maybe all le artists pono with 128 cards instead of 64 cards at a certain level and of course the big one the mystery blue pono 5.5 million now stretch goals 20 million oh well how about a mother mccree's uptown jug champions pono oh i guess we have that covered
@henry hanna great analogy ponopeople =spam
the grateful dead steal your face pono is awesome.  very happy to know one will be coming to my house.  nothing is on dead.net about it.  nothing on the deads fb page either.  i think the lack of simple marketing is hurting the numbers.  i have been promoting it myself, feel like its my duty as a hardcore deadhead.  10 days to go.
cheers mobiusengine-- a sampler of 1 track from each pono le artist for all - yellow & black too!
@dana gibson....catch your point dana im all for freedom of choice and it's cool that these artists are supporting pono and are all for their music being heard in the best possible quality but as more bands and artists hear about pono where will the line be drawn on le versions being offered ? from a commercial point of view it's the big fish they want on board to sell units now surely ? this will explode if zeppelin get added !!
@anthony broadstock...i think that the idea behind offering le's such as portugal the man is that the musicians support the idea of pono....their fans may not be as interested as some other people...or may not be able to afford the 400 dollars. it certainly doesn't hurt...and ponomusic has far more pledged than it says it needs.
can't help but think that pono have panicked with a few of these le versions and added artists that will never sell 500 units such as portugal the man who has manged to shift 2 units in a week (surely he must have friends somewhere ?? ) kenny rogers 4 units in about the same time...strange choices in my view and a few others who are struggling to get near their 500 limit or maybe it's just not enough people in the world are aware of pono players yet ??
one nych is up!
nice work mates!
@cj     exactly. just signed up another two people today (for a willie and an elton). we all have to do our part.
@terence fitzgerald  i'm with you!  i have been doing that and talking to folks too.  spoke with a guy today at work that loves music and had not a clue that this is going on.  i want folks to have as much fun as i am having with it all :)
rough math equates to 13182 units pledged for. not bad, but let's email our friends, post on fb and twitter and get that closer to 15000 before the last minute les are introduced.
i would love to see/hear a sampler on the pono, featuring one track from all the featured le artists... oh yeah
@ rich heart, csny up
the increases have been pretty steady - now under $300,000 to become third-most-funded! https://www.kickstarter.com/discover/most-funded
1 black october pono up.
hey guys, just read an article about pono on digital trends. at the end the author remarked: "imagine if pono does for hd audio what beats did for headphones; we could be looking at the birth of a whole new era". have you approached dr. dre, or jay z for an le chrome? seems that hip-hop fans aren't being considered. given the success of beats, it's a big market with big wallets. read more: http://www.digitaltrends.com/music/neil-youngs-pono-hi-def-mp3-player/#ixzz2xwhuawer follow us: @digitaltrends on twitter | digitaltrendsftw on facebook
@kari @ jim h - i'm with you guys. there is not much point in questions here as they are getting lost in the noise and this ks campaign will be over in 10 days but the forum can continue. i am only contributing any opinions there, other than this one that i am only contributing opinions there. this could go one forever. you know what i mean. http://ponopeople.org/index.php
now ny ch available.
csny available.
in addition to what @kari said, there are over 2000 backers who haven't backed a player, yet - me one of them. it's not too late for stretch goals (aluminum/titanium chassis!) or more modern or different music styles as les.
kari,  thank you.   a breath of fresh air.
1 tom petty up
poor wording. by early, i meant oct.
looks like a tp, and early black and yellow versions available.
@aaron, went to the original wall concert in germany (essen i think it was) in the 70's. i bought a beer before the show and still had 2/3 of it after the show, the sound was amazing! that was the best concert have have ever seen
after joining the kickstarter project within the first 2 days it has been interesting to follow the updates and the early discussions in the comments section. it would still be interesting to hear about all new developments at pono music. as many have pointed out the comments section has turned into a chat room that provides less useful information to either existing or potential backers. now is the time to convince existing backers to stick to their pledges, and to help potential new backers to join the project. ponopeople.org is doing a good job by organizing a lot of the information that may be hard to find elsewhere.
if i had to choose...im more of a gilmour guy than waters...but i love em both tho.  just got a mobile fidelity sound lab of meddle on vinyl while back. tough one to find. love vinyl.  hoping this pono gives me closer to that sound.
and floyd is my favorite band. and i go see both guys every chance i get. waters doing the wall or animals is brilliant..  but wish you were here and dark side of the moon and meddle are better when gilmour plays em. i wanna hear who sang on the albums.
@aaron that's why i reckoned on a logo, not signatures, because of richard. all academical, unless........
@gary. i think the main problem is richard wright being dead...the whole no deceased people ponos...that and gilmour and waters aagreeing to sign on to this. 11 more days of this madness. itll be interesting to see what else they have up their sleeves.
no, i am a real floyd, so roger is the man, of course david gilmour is a great guitar-player and good singer but it is the lyrics that got me
@eduard @aaron floyd would sound awesome through pono. even better on their own le. i think it would be a logo though.....problem is do you go for roger waters, ie the real thing, or the diluted gilmour version, singing about someone else's life????
i certainly hope so, pink floyd on pono would be my dream! best english band ever! (except for the beatles)
same here gary. do you think they'll be able to get anything floyd related?
@aaron i am hoping for signatures on the crazy horse. think there is a reason that the dead le has band logo rather than signatures.....
i think it is going to be signatures, would be great to have their logo as well but sponsors can't be choosers
still waiting for a picture of the neil young with crazy horse pono...will it be band signatures or the logo? wondering if there will be a rolling stones tounge logo like how they did the dead skull???
@edward...if i can get a pearl jam ... my ny ch will be up for grabs.
@eduard would be surprised if they don't turn upon the last day. people will sort out their pledges then.
@aaron; and i was too late! i really would like to have a ny ch or ny le but i have missed them both, will keep looking!
saw a crazy horse available
hats off to neil and the pono staff on keeping this campaign exciting to the very end! the introduction of new artist signature le's throughout has kept things fresh and has allowed the funding to set "records"...exciting to see some of the early le's being tossed back into the pond by backers moving to newer releases....some tough decisions having to be made!
foo fighters available if anyone is looking for one.
@kinch accepted, but all these things are subjective. depends where your soul is, right now mine is with the ballyshannon man.
@gary craig. while i'd not dispute your assessment of the belfast date on the best live concert film ever made...have a look at "james taylor live at the beacon theatre" and "diana krall live in paris".  those are both brilliant. miles davis live at the isle of wight: off the planet! @richheart: i understood that thanks. i was lost on a rory roll.
@kinch i was commenting about the general issue of estates and deceased artists.
taste:  in november 1968, the band, along with yes, opened for cream at cream's farewell concerts. while with polydor, taste began touring the united states and canada with the british supergroup blind faith.  @richheart re the estates thing, rory gallagher's brother donal handles that. contact@rorygallagher.com
the point about bruce, is that he is very much alive but kicks against being 'stabled' :)
@kinch still alive....'band of friends' are touring.
i also recall a comment about the problems of getting the 'estate' of the deceased to release an l.e.. if i remember correctly, it was a comment from a pledger and not from the pono team. whilst it is logical that it would be more difficult, it does not necessarily mean that all deceased cannot be released as l.e, there was a comment from pono about bruce being unwilling, whilst on the other hand, i can imagine that one or two 'estates' might well be happy to have their benefactor market on pono, including l.e.
@bryn, rory's music is very much alive;-) taste is where it's at. same old story: https://www.youtube.com/watch… @gary craig nice one
its the belfast date on the best live concert film ever made....
@bryn yes. but not going to wade through all the comments to find it now!
@gary craig you get to belfast a bit:-) i was at the concert in limerick (savoy) in december 1972. unbelievable time. what was the story from 29/12/1973?
so far all the les have been for living artists. i seem to remember there being a post to say that there were not going to be any les from those no longer with us. does anyone else recall that?
@kinch oh, yeah, i love rory gallagher. i have a signed rory ticket from 29 dec 1973, ulster hall. if you know rory you will know the significance of that date.
*sniffs* still waiting for a black chrome version le from a heavy metal band. :(
who's be interested in a rory gallagher artists signature series limited edition? if you're not, you should:-) he was one of the greats. send an email asap to contact@rorygallagher.com that should get to rory's brother donal, or maybe rory's nephew daniel who manage, afaik, rory's estate.
@peter and @axel info=good  plug=bad thanks guys
just love...thats all.
it is in everyones interest that has invested in this to take a few moments today and fb & twitter the accounts of the artist that support this initiative.  we are fortunate that we know about it, but there are millions of people that do not know.  i challenge anybody & everybody to fb or tweet at least one time, or tell someone, or email some one.  don't do it for me.  do it for old black...do it for yourself.  have you seen old black, every scratch and scrape & nick!  what  thing of beauty, what a manifestation of spirit in existence.  old black is a reflection of you & i and everything that everyone has experienced.  don't know where that came from but it did.  so it's yours now!  http://www.fretboardjournal.com/photos/photo-outtakes-guitar-tech-larry-cragg
@rich @kinch & @elizabeth - thank you for your support :-) i agree with what you said about community and the fact that you can search for information. i have also found that this comment board has become more like a chat room. there's nothing wrong with that, but like you've said, a forum is more structured and a place for people who are new to pono to find answers to questions they might think have already been answered. with regards to forum updates, i think it's a great idea. however, i am a bit strapped for time and we are all volunteers at the forum. the creator and owner of the forum @kfrench pays all of the fees for the forum himself so far. the forum could get a lot better and is consistently changing and adapting. regarding the consistent mentioning of the site - like i said we are doing this on a volunteering basis. we love discussing pono and audiophile subjects, and the more people we get on the site, the better. it is not the intention to annoy at all, we just want people passing by to have a chance of spotting us in these nearly 4000 comments.
that grateful dead le looks amazing! i hope there's more les with band logos to come, though it could make choosing one even more difficult
@kinch +1
@richheart @elizabeth. agreed. repetitive plugging, unaccompanied by good information or links to good information is more irritating than productive. ideally, ponomusic.com should get their own forum up and running as soon as possible. to say that they don't have the people to do it is to let themselves down. they now have the money. just get on with it.
@elizabeth @ponopeople moderators perhaps a moderator could flash an update (say an interesting new reference to a post) 3 or 4 times a day? please
@rich  yeah, i didn't visit at first because it seemed like spam :) would be better to share a link with a relevant comment.
*axel
@elizabeth, i agree however i do wish we could have less of @alex' plugging
i found www.ponopeople.org organized and informative. i have enjoyed following the comments section here since joining...but with 3700+ comments, little organization, and a bit of spamming, it is really more of a chat room. i wouldn't hesitate to recommend that a new backer visit www.ponopeople.org. there just isn't much helpful info out there elsewhere...
community of ponopeople.. visit us @ www.ponopeople.org
one of the biggest challanges now is to spread the word and get a younger crowd interested in pono. kings of leon (the world's biggest rock band(?) and with millions of likes on facebook) have 24 pledged vs. 127 for grateful dead although that one was just released. many kol fans have probably never even heard of grateful dead. and this is still within the credible rock bands category! the biggest market has not yet been penetrated but we are still in the early early days...
@henry hanna i think you are being a little unfair to the guys on ponopeople.org there is no one on the planet who could say that this comment board here is a good way of finding out about the ponoplayer or ponomusic.com. the structure is just too unwieldy, and it is pretty well impossible to find good information here. a moderated forum works much better as regards allowing people to discuss the range of matters that the pono evolution brings up. for instance, you might like to look at forums.slimdevices.com, http://www.head-fi.org/f/, http://www.avforums.com/forums/ or http://www.ybw.com/forums/index.php. on any one of those you can search for information, and there is lots of it, with regard to the topic in which you are interested. should anyone start spamming or posting ludicrous comments those are quickly disposed of or moderated. do you honestly think that this comment board would attract any person unaware of, or a devotee to the neil young story to the pono phenomenon? i think that it would be more likely to put people off. straightforward description of the ponoplayer (ok, as straightforward as possible while allowing for marketing hyperbole), and detailed description of what we may expect of the quality of music to be distributed by ponomusic.com can only be good for all interested in participating in the growth of hopefully what will become the pre-eminent distributor best quality music possible, the setup of the ponopeople.org forum is not yet close to optimal, but at the moment it is the best method of getting a half-clear understanding of what many of us here believe to be the promise of pono. i'm looking forward to my csny ponoplayer so i can see how good it is, and how it much it invites more listening to the music i already have, and to the new music i will find in ponomusic.com
@aaron ok. there should be a swap site :)
@rich i'd do that but first i gotta get a csny. ill be trying all day. hopefully i can.
veronica mars we are coming to get you girl!  we are $321,703.00 away from you.  30k a day baby, its a done deal and we are in the top 3!  3 is such a lovely number...4 is too...especially when there is 3 of them ;)
@henry - ok, i give up. i tried. enjoy your friday.
@peter beck, you just had to push it... & you made my point very nicely - ponopeople = spam https://www.kickstarter.com/profile/782267614/comments
@henry - so you do dislike the site? i would still like to know what turned you off to www.ponopeople.org. okay i get where you're coming from, consider this angle: the team is minuscule and has a lot on its plate. having to answer the same questions over and over are bad for us as the consumers, because it takes away their time to build and provide the services for us that we want them to build. questions that arrived at my mind after reading your latest post: how is a free pono community board "filter"? why is www.ponopeople.org filter, but reddit and other sites not? how are we disrespecting neil young and his teams efforts? as a matter of fact, pono ceo john hamm has endorsed the forum in this very comment section.
@peter beck, the guys who are gonna use this data haven't even been hired to date ! this pono music company is that new & will be growing very fast ! interaction once removed is "filter" your site is now a filter of this forum. nobody is coming here looking for ponopeople! please respect the hard work and years of effort from neil to launch this! after the campaign has successfully completed there will be tons of sights asking questions / reditt is active and yet stays off this page with constant hits linking to reditt - [ http://www.reddit.com/r/audioengineering/comments/209abr/eli5_the_pono_music_player/ ] just respect the effort of a great artist neil young be on his team ! standing on his shoulders just looks kinda ... well - wait until the pono kickstarted campaign has ended ok
earth wind and fire le extra credit that was four
the fifth dimension le
alan parsons project
well now it's going to be harder have to increase from two words to three word pono requests three dog night ..le
@henry - i'll be honest with you, i never thought about it like that. that makes complete and utter sense. i almost completely agree with what you're saying ;-) i'll clarify: the way i see it, the forum (www.ponopeople.org) is meant specifically for people either wondering about the future of audio/pono, connecting with other music fans or people who have questions that they think might have already been answered. we're doing this to help each other. if you think about how many questions are asked all of the time in this comment section, and how few of them are answered each day, it's not many. for good reasons i can imagine, they are probably working with a bare-bones crew. on the forum we are many more souls that can probably answer or help with your specific question. for example, there's many cool users on the site (like "hazydave") that know a lot about the technical aspects and are there to help with the more advanced questions that i am out of my depth at. there is communication between the forum and the ponomusic team when we see questions that haven't been answered and are relevant for people to know. the questions don't just die a lonesome death on the forum if there's no obvious answer for them. besides, there's no reason as to why you shouldn't be able to use both the forum and the comment section. some days i'm almost exclusively found on the forum, other days i'm reading and sometimes commenting on the comment section :-) so i don't believe that you are taking away from the comment section feedback that you provide to pono by participating on the forum. reading this back just now i feel like it came across as a campaign for you to join the forum - please don't see it like that, it was just an explanation of what i perceive our purpose to be. congratulations on 27 years, man! you're a hero for sticking to your resolve and commitment like that.
@peter beck, looking at a 17 year chip here [ that was over 10 years ago ] ok, you've been decent - the ponoteam & this kickstarter campaign are "reliant" on our "feedback" here on this site - this is home base - pono has only [1] public face at this time "kickstarter". my concern is r&d as well as marketing of the pono in the future. this forum represents the original content database - when questions or discussions are siphoned off to any other site prior to the close of the pono kickstarter - than "some" however small of the r&d data is lost ... so peter beck - think like a designer who is working for pono :) should pp show anything different over there [new content or questions] that data "should" get logged in or asked of @creator here [this is important] ... we are all fans of neil [ we all want this to succeeded beyond anyones wildest dreams ] so until this campaign closes ... everyone should be centric to the kickstarter effort :) yea... rich germans!
i would like to swap a pearl jam for a ny l.e. or csn+y l.e.
@henry - haha! didn't mean for what i wrote to sound hostile, i was just a little shocked! i haven't heard anyone describe the forum as scary and i was curious / i still am! :-) ... even though i don't drink alcohol, i wish that i had a hand or two in the beck's beer money pool ;-) rich germans!
or b. b. king. ohhh boy, that would be amazing.
@graeme while the le is clearly a marketing effort, there's nothing wrong with asking extra money for it - if people are willing to pay, that's their decision. in fact, i feel the les are a pretty good deal. you get two albums, at 15-25 usd in-store value each, and a leather pouch, which would probably retail from 10-50 usd depending on the leather and quality. and there's a presentation box. so for 100 usd you get 25-75 usd of usable value out of it, plus an intangible signature which does have real value when you sell it. i'd go for an le myself, but none of the artists are even close to being attractive to me. and i'm afraid that's also the case for most people born after 1980 (i'm not), as most of the les are for artists well past their prime charting years. if they'd get lady gaga it would sell out faster than you can say gaga. i'm still hoping for a metal band - manowar, lamb of god, arch enemy, even opeth or meshuggah.
@peter beck, i like your beer :) lets just keep it friendly ok guy :) @peace
@ian, all good:) like i say sometimes i paint the wrong house ! or feed the wrong fish: shark !!!  or naaa "i never-love the wrong woman! ;) so this could [see video attached] have been my answer on pp :)  glad you nailed the nyle & t shirt !!! so this won't happen now http://m.youtube.com/watch…  [ good link if it ever goes to far ] @peace
@henry - scary? how?
@henry - yep, i was v early with a nyle and latterly a t shirt. it is just that there are new folk who come here looking for answers to questions and the forum is the best place for that i think - they don't know that there are answers available over there. don't think it's scary though? me? scary? with my reputation? :o)
@ian, hey i said "my bad" please don't send me over to ponopeople - they scare the heck out of me & have reserved my opinion "still free to have:)" till the "going to pp" all i can say here on this forum and with all honesty - mind the gap - i just want my pono - bought the ny - first day -got both nych & grateful dead today - so far @peace
@henry i am with marc on this. wading through hundreds of spam comments isn't my idea of fun or a good way to spend my time. i watch the forum for questions and if there is anything i can do there to help, i will - and do. valid questions on this comments section just get lost in the spam. http://ponopeople.org/index.php
@jdc, sometimes i get it wrong - my bad - team 1st ! i'll go sit in the corner now :(
@ henry- i agree with marc, dennis is spamming, two word posts are not entertaining and it is taking away from the importance of this comment section.
@marc, dennis & tjc are just very very excited as we all are over the release of the ponoplayers ! your frustration is honest and deserves respect however there are thousands of us who also wade through it and some of us really do enjoy dennis & tjc comments [ which are also enjoyed by the pono team ] so just skip over anything you don't like and it will make your day :) i also enjoyed your feedback here so it's all good :) remember to enjoy this time on kickstarter because there are only a scant few days left before this all closes up and gets real :) @peace
@marc   there is a forum where a lot of questions are answered. i have almost stopped posting here as it just gets lost in the noise. check out http://ponopeople.org/index.php cheers, ian k
@dennis @tjc please stop spamming. it is hard to read / scroll the comments available with the spams / attentions u 2 trying to achieve. i'm believe even pono also unable to ready it at 1 go... if you 2 really want to ask, why not ask them via email or private message? i'm sure pono will reply to you. lastly really hope less spamming in the comments session, i trying to read and learn from the backers here ..thank you!
i support @rooster's request! if they can get tool to sign on board i will be throwing so much money at it. i remember a few years back reading about why they wouldn't get on board with itunes (def leppard too, although now they're on there), i just want some high quality tool on the go.
@rooster, g o o g l e screwed that up ...should have been this  https://m.youtube.com/watch…
thank you very much @cj,  i actually could pledge csn since i found 2 opened 2 hours ago. i would keep watching and movemy pledge once csny, or nych opens. thanks for your advice!!!
@rooster, hey @creator wake up ! the rooster asked a great question !!! https://youtube.com/watch…
@richheart i actually bought a toblerone yesterday, and couldn't help but think how funny it would be if pono made a deal with toblerone about packing the player in a toblerone box with half pono half toblerone. i'm sure they would get a lot of attention and publicity for the stunt. also it would be a great prank for when somebody receives the ponoplayer as a gift...
lots of talk about the player and signature series but the store is what will make or break this for me, i'd like to hear more about that. what artists/labels are signed up beyond those offered in signature series? will music be offered at multiple quality levels and if so is each quality level a separate purchase? how will the store be curated, will pono be screening files for quality or are we at the mercy of the publishers? a situation where a publisher can offer low quality music that's been re-encoded to a higher bit/sample rate won't be ideal. (apologies if these questions have been answered in the other 3500 comments) lastly a request: can you speak to the band tool about getting their music on the store? it's always well recorded and mastered and isn't available digitally (they don't want their albums made available as individual tracks) maybe you guys are flexible enough to offer them terms they can accept?
would love to see a def leppard, journey, or tool l.e. or something completely off base like eminem. :p
black crowes le black keys le joe bonamassa le genesis le alter bridge le
@bastian that was a sweeter way of saying it :)
the bay city rollers? the bangles? watch with mother? l.e. *tongue in cheek/beak  :)
i'd like a toblerone le...
nils lofgren le
@creator, artist signature series: neil young & the squires  https://youtube.com/watch…
star wars/george lucas le
@creator, artist signature series: muffin men  https://youtube.com/watch…
the byrds le
blue rodeo le
black sabouth
rush..le
steve miller...le
@tjc is an ass le
blue oyster cult...le
dean martin and jerry lewis le
bread....le
@cj i think you would get 397
george cohan le
leonard cohen...le
celine dion le
good ? cj. i was wondering that too???
@creator let's say you have number 300 on one of the le's that all 500 are sold out on and number 299 decides to switch to a different le, do you (#300) get bumped up to #299?  and when the one (299) gets picked up, is that one #500?
dianna ross...le
thanks @creator just when i think bruce & jlm management is crawling into the 21st century( ie 2014 downloadable shows), they fall back into their 1970's ways i'm sure it was about the almighty $$$ disappointing!
kraftwerk....le
come on add your own favorites...
loggins and  messina...le
nirvana....le
miss piggy le
elp...absolutely.
uriah heep, emerson,lake,and palmer le
chase le
queen...le
patsy cline le
the highwaymen le
b52s...le
deep purple le
ten years after  le
three dog night....le
4 seasons....le
platters...le
drifters..le
brooklyn bridge...le
woodstock...le
arlo guthrey..le
blood sweat tears   le
pink floyd...le
marshall tucker...le
@yoshinari sorry to hear about your mistake on the ny player.  what i would do is to keep up with the new le's to come (read the emails) and keep up even with the dead as they are still moving...along with ny.  and when one opens up pull the trigger.  also know that nych, csny opens up some times when a new le pops up.  and don't forget, buffallo springfield also has ny in it's signatures.  you have to be in the manage account mode, were you can be ready and pull the trigger when the opportunity arises.  don't give up, if you want one bad enough, it'll pop up, you will be present and nab one.  good luck!
elo...le
janis joplin...le
yardbirds...le
moody blues...le
stacy chapman..le
@ drew karpinski & eduard nuijen thanks for the info, exactly what i was looking for.
@allman brothers pono and here is a source of allman flacs https://www.munckmusic.com/wms/allman/index.html
@tjc: that may be a long wait unfortunately. it's not looking very likely that we'll get the bruce springsteen le.  sorry to disappoint. we really tried.
no tjc i think bruce's middle name is frederick joseph so that would be bruce frederick joseph springsteen!
gomer pono le http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@ elizabeth toncic 9 minutes ago 11 days to go.....still waiting on a bruce le bruce lee?  http://www.youtube.com/watch…
you get the idea....the world of music is our oyster.
jay and the americans...le simon and garfunkel...le
shrillex...le
@creator, artist signature series: hello kitty  https://m.youtube.com/watch…
stevie nicks...le
eric clapton..le
rolling stones...le
supertramp...le
11 days to go.....still waiting on a bruce le
pink floyd!!! that's what i really want!
and many more!
doors...le
allman brothers...le
jeff beck...le
the byrds...le
peter frampton...le
the who...le
the knack...le
tull.....warchild le.
@tjc all!
yosshinari nakayama why that's the best le that's been released so far
oh my god, i mistakenly changed my pledge from neil young signature model (delivery dec. 2014) to grateful dead attempting change my wife's pledge..... is there any way to cancel my pledge change??? thank you.
for a certain color pono http://www.youtube.com/watch…
could pono help musician to release old material never heard before? it could be a good occasion to put it on the pono store
@ron thomas: ponomusic store will launch in us, uk, and canada. we 'll then expand internationally.
when rush decides to get on board i would like #1/500 please !
no, then the chrome le wouldn't be as special. nuff said.
how about a non-artist le pono: chrome, leather case and presentation box, and credit at the pono music store?
several black and yellow october players are up for grabs.
@harrison gorman  neily and the pono team have also shown many music industry people (including artists) what good mastering can do to their music.
pono for mariah to showcase her seven octave range not many music players can reproduce that. 2008: mariah carey's latest single, "touch my body," goes to #1, beating elvis presley's old record of 17 chart toppers. only the beatles have more with 20. http://www.youtube.com/watch…
a pono for ray 1993: when his version of leon russell's "a song for you" enters the billboard singles chart, ray charles becomes the first performer to chart in six decades. (he'd first made the r&b charts in 1949 with the maxin trio's "confession blues." http://www.youtube.com/watch… http://www.youtube.com/watch…
a super band that fell short with orbison passing 1988: after working on each other's solo projects, george harrison, jeff lynne, tom petty, and roy orbison gather in malibu, fl, to record an all-star single called "handle with care." the session goes so well that the group, calling itself the traveling wilburys, goes on to record two whole albums togethe http://www.youtube.com/watch…
one year later to the day, the single "subterranean homesick blues" is his first to dent the us top 40. http://www.youtube.com/watch…
1964: bob dylan has his first chart hit as "the times they are a-changin'" enters the uk charts. where is the dylan pono http://www.youtube.com/watch…
2008 - apple became the number one music seller in the united states.
april 3rd 1965 how about a woolly pono http://www.youtube.com/watch…
thank you to whoever gave up the tom petty le! you can have it back when they add phish, radiohead or tool! ;)
i guess its embarrassing that only 126 are gone no problem they can hand out a bunch at the dinner parties
@tjc, "mr soul" http://www.allmusic.com/album/buffalo-springfield-again-mw0000198017
@tjc, magic - http://www.allmusic.com/artist/buffalo-springfield-mn0000939567
@creator do you really think someone did not know that about 15806 people here think neil is like a god creator the ponomusic team about 8 hours ago  neil young fans - you may not realize that buffalo springfield le includes neil himself.
@ cjm they could have hit the top spot over pebble that would be a wooo
@ heather .. i got my petty back .. lol forgot about the december thing.  but may still switch to dead...  makes no sense i know but decided crazy horse isn't that high on my list..  it tween petty and dead . if i knew it would be some live dead, it would be a no brainer.  will make final decision tonight ..
gd......soooooo tempting but  want to get my player in oct!
@creator, yo ! moon people ! did neil - p l a n - the ending of his pono kickstarter on a full moon lunar "blood moon" eclipse ? cuz it's set to be a very beautiful night up in the sky :) bet he did !!! http://www.griffithobservatory.org/exhibits/special/lunar_eclipse_april_2014.html
we have two accounts at my house, we really don't need to get another one, but jerry garcia would be nice too.  i'm sure we will see more soon.  the 15th is coming on fast.  the allman brothers, phish, gov't mule could all get in and sale out fast.
my wife and i both gave up what we had for the grateful dead player, we had to do it.  long live the dead.
just got my dead!  hopefully there will be a jerry garcia le!  please pono, make it happen. :)
i did the same carl, gave up a nych for the grateful dead, it was a no brainer for me.  longtime deadhead that simply had to have it, no question about it.  i cannot wait foe it to arrive.  i'm a little bummed about letting what i had go, but life is full of decisions.
i'm someone who just loves music and relishes the idea that pono will deliver a freer sound. however, i recognise the marketing aspect of delivering any product yet i almost got sucked into the "buy 1 of the le 500" edition for my favourite artist, then i thought, hang on, i'll stay with my old fashioned approach of i just want to buy/try the pono and hear if it is a game changer? no disrespect to the folks out there buying there le ponos however it's one marketing dance that i don't wish to perform as i don't really want to broaden the smiles of "the marketing dept"........ i just know if they could they would push out a "signed elvis", michael jackson" etc model! in the spirit of all us folks stepping forward with our hard earned money, take 50 dollars off the price instead of bumping us for an extra 100 dollars for le models?......... work harder at your marketing to sell more units at a more reasonable price for those of us who have collectively pre-rewarded you with almost 6'000'000 dollars. being scottish, living in scotland, uk i'm thinking..... what next?..... "a loch ness monster le edition" signed by nessie! sorry, i'll pass! i'm looking forward to receiving my pono in october, hopefully. old fashioned me would have said to neil & co, stamp them all 1st edition and that's the reward for everyone who stepped up and committed their money with no product now! but then i just want the pono without the marketing bells & whistles! looking forward to hooking it up and hearing something new, hopefully freer music! happy ponos to all :-)
gave up my petty for a crazy horse.. still mulling a dead... glad they added that...
my dog & neil go waaaaay back ')
@harrison gorman i've been hiding under my rock....waiting for pono....and a choice. btw my dogs like good music also.
2 csny available!
dennis i don't know where you have been but there is tons and tons of high def music available.   sacd, dvd and blue ray audio, hdtracks.com and more. pono hasn't done anything yet besides propose a new player (of which many similar players exist) and a new music site (ditto). i'm happy that this is getting mainstream popularity, but for many of us this is just another welcome entrant.   happy to see you all join the party, but too many are acting like there isn't already a market and music. as far as artist control, i cannot imagine a single album of note that will be new for pono.  every "important" album (including neil's entire catalog) is already for sale at resolution that only your dog can distinguish.
thank you for the grateful dead player pono!
ny&ch up for grabs!
greatful dead has just been added....!
thousands of backers believe in pono, in october our ears will devour sound, like chocolate to a child.
@aaron i think you did get number 1. i was just looking at 499/500 left. fyi.
well, i don't know the industry or the technical side of things much. but if it's anything like photography or cinematography, it's not so easy. what i'm saying is that a musician might not know much about how to make their music sound great on a recorded medium. therefore there are different professionals (artists) who do the mastering. just like there is a director, a cinematographer, editor, and a whole army of other artists with highly specific skill sets, album producing requires a similar selection of people. there will always be a robert rodriguez or steven spielberg who can wear more than one hat, but those are very rare exceptions to the rule.
#1 grateful dead.! with jerry garcia!? hopefully.
lets hope the pono player begins a new paradigm in music....one where the artists once again regain control over their art.
@pono congratulations to 5000 "standard"-pono players pledged for (very soon)!
to put a finer point on it: albums destroyed by loudness wars are not destroyed because artists ask for it - i'm sure they don't -, but because producers and executives have the last say, artistic integrity and audio quality be damned. dynamic compression isn't done to reach any artistic goal, but is driven by a business imperative which has nothing to do with sound fidelity.
any word if pono player will have eq?
nin is essentially structured noise (not saying that's bad, i actually like mr reznor's noise), so that's not really a valid comparison to 99% of rock music. low dynamic range works for the type of music he does, but not for vast majority - and certainly not rush. i believe bands and musicians themselves don't have much to say about mastering. it's overseen by producers, and dynamic compression dictated by executives demanding louder music so it sounds "better" on radio and cuts through ambient noise in bars, barber shops, etc.
neil has said that the /artist will have to live with what they put down, pono is the mirror and not going to change any of it, that is the point.
should have said "high dynamic compression" and not "low compression" in reference to the nine inch nails album in my last post.
in the end dynamic compression is up to the artists and their collaborators. if compression suits their artistic visions, then i say we should let them go for it. this is coming from the guy that prefers highly dynamic music. i'm just saying that if pono chooses not to tamper with the original recordings, then i understand. dynamic compression isn't always bad. the new nine inch nails album "hesitation marks" was mixed for audiophiles at a low compression and it sounds *amazing*. all the best.
@wade - well hopefully if pono is successful in the long run we'll see some proper rush remasters. i'm waiting with bated breath to hear the zeppelin remasters launching in june.
was looking forward to hearing neil peart's drums on pono, so particularly disappointing if rush remasters don't offer the dynamic range necessary to truly experience mr. peart's magic...also quite surprising that the group would allow such a thing.  after watching the pono video with dave grohl/foofighters talk about effect on drums i was stoked to get some rush on pono...disappointed...
pcm is not compressed, dsd is.
@peter and @treatise i think you are both right. loudness-compression is a bigger factor than absolute resolution. with loudness, it just doesn't sound right, with low res it just doesn't sound clear. when it sounds great... you know. but as with wine:  "the wines that one best remembers are not necessarily the finest that one has ever tasted, and the highest quality may fail to delight so much as some far more humble beverage drunk in more favourable surroundings." h. warner allen
kiss recordings and masterings aren't very good. they use a lot of distortion
i also heard really bad things about the kiss "destroyer resurrected" remaster job.
everything comparable, great dac, source, speakers, cables, dedicated line, and really good regulated clean power source. = great sound.
@treatise - thanks for filling me in! yikes, good thing i haven't bought them yet.
@rich - remember much of it is also highly dependent on the dac and sound board in the machine that is reproducing your music. that said, you're right - much of it is in the mind. i'll even go one step further; it doesn't matter as long as you think it sounds awesome :-)
in fairness it's just one data point (dynamic range), but it is an important one. for most rock music percussion is a pretty big part of the music, and poor dynamic range really sucks the life out of the music in general :( i've been saying here from the start that pono (player or store) doesn't matter if the mastering is done poorly. hdtracks rush albums are a prime example, as they are not any better than the cds. therefore it is imperative that pono will keep a tight control on what is allowed on the store. this means true remasters (read: expensive) with wider dynamic range. that is pretty much the only way _i_ would be paying a premium on albums, or re-buy ones i already own which have poor mastering.
i am not able to distinguish between 24/96 and 24/192, i feel something is better when listening to 24/96 compared to 16/44.1 but i can't always tell the difference or say why i prefer one to the other. music is like sex, so much is in the mind :)
@treatise - yikes that's not encouraging...even newer remixed vapor trails with bad marks...
i bought presto on hdtracks since it's the only recent rush album which hasn't been destroyed by loudness wars. it sounds great, but not their greatest album. also picked up l.a. woman by the doors, which is excellent in every level.
@ron the 6moons review of the beyers suggests that a high power head amp would be essential. i too am less of a headphone guy. yeah, i recognised the krell. i sort of miss my anthem, though i think it was dormant for over a year before i sold it.
@david rush has been one of the prime examples of old guard participating wholeheartedly in loudness wars, starting with the horrific test for echo mastering. it looks like the remasters continue the trend, and all dynamic range has been sucked out of them to make the albums louder: http://dr.loudness-war.info/album/list/year/desc…
@lars: visit www.ponopeople.org ; there is a topic on headphones there    http://ponopeople.org/viewforum.php…
hi everyone! i have a pair of sennheiser hd 590 headphones that i bought used about eight years ago. i'm curious to know how these stand up to what is available today, and if they can be a good fit for my pono. i have no experience with any other quality headphones, so i have nothing to compare with. if you have tried the hd 590's, please share your thoughts.
@gareth : visit www.ponopeople.org some of your questions are answered there.
@gareth - i remember reading somewhere that they were using sennheiser momentums (probably over-ear) for one of the demos. they look great and they've received alot of rave reviews for having a smooth, natural sound.
just listened to uncle neil & ch do born in the usa on sirius from the music cares dvd- f..in' outstanding!
@david stecklair - thanks for the heads up on the rush flac tracks...they would definitely sound sick through pono...especially a le rush artist signature pono!
the only thing i want to know is, we know the player that was listened to, but we don't know the music that was demoed or the speakers/headphones that were used. i'm really interested to know what headphones those guys like to use with their pono demo unit.
@ron - that sounds like a good price! definitely go for a new pair, you'll have them for a long time :-) remember to let them go through a period of burn-in. here's a great free online burn-in player. only use it for 4 hours at a time! 5-10 times :-) all the best! http://www.tekfusiontechnologies.com/burn-in/ come play with us at www.ponopeople.org!
@bbbats visit www.ponopeople.org where a lot of questions have been answered. if you have a question, just leave it there and we will bundle them and forward them to pono
for anyone wanting to get a headstart on their hi-res collection, and who happens to be a rush fan, hdtracks has their "sector" 2013 remaster boxes in 24/96 flac going for $35 usd per set. for four studio albums and one live album in each set, that's a pretty sweet deal. rush should sound pretty sick coming through the pono.
your 100% correct drew.
we all hope so.
@bbbats the pono player will have high quality dac and a high quality low impedance headphone amp, fully discrete.  you're talking about software in an iphone or samsung mobile device that can decode flac - the ponoplayer is essentially a pocket sized audiophile component.  two different animals.
ah i see, it's all starting to make sense now. in one of neil's interviews, he said that when you buy through pono, you get the best quality version available - and if something better becomes available, you get that because you already purchased the music. maybe too good to be true when you consider the studios involved - but if it's true, it could mean that our purchases through pono are future-proofed for future resolution increases and remasters. i hope that's the case.
@andrea +1 on tori amos!
on the beatles, they transferred the raw master tapes in 192/24, but then mixed it into a 48/24 copy.  this is what appears on the "apple" drive that they sold.  that said, 192/24 digital masters exist to make their catalog as future proof as possible.   i wouldn't be surprised to see another remaster at some point, another money grab!
probably from 96/24, so they can release later at 192/24,or whatever. also, depends on original master.  $$$$$$$
@ron - yea that's what i was thinking. also, would you happen to know why a number of artists would remaster/re-release in 96/24 and not 192/24? on hdtracks you see alot of albums topping out at 48/24 (i think i also read that was the ceiling on the beatles remasters). is it just an expense/distribution/time thing? i'm just wondering why they wouldn't automatically shoot for the top tier and then work their way down from there.
now it's difficult telling diff between 96/24 and 192/24. above 192/24 and 192/24, what do you think?
im pretty sure it's used for audio upsample only. your basically up sampling air, above 192/24 pcm file. in future?
anyone familiar with 32-bit/384khz super-high-end audio equipment, and whether it could mean anything in the long run for music? it's obviously a rare, elite standard, and i imagine there isn't much, if anything that could be played on such a device yet. i guess what i'm really wondering is, could you technically create digital masters from an analog source at any conceivable level, just depending on the equipment being used to capture it? http://www.antelopeaudio.com/en/products/zodiac-gold-dac
tori amos and her piano would sure sound sweet on pono!
headphone suitability will be a case of personal preference. any good quality headphone should pair well with the pono player. whether the headphone suits your taste or use case is a different story. i have three different pairs that i currently use depending on what i'm listening to or where i am.
@creator, are the hardware specifications of the pono listed anywhere?  i am a backer and will be receiving my pono in october so i believe in the cause.  but there are apps for iphone and samsung that can play flac so i am hoping that it is the hardware in the pono that really make it shine when playing these files.  is there any info you can provide on how the pono hardware will be superior to other products (iphone, in particular)?  thanks!
@richheart, i new this was coming, and the answer is no. i hope the pono player works well thru my home pre and my car aux in. i personally, not much of a headphone person. hey rich, did you notice my pic on photo. cipher, cool.
we are only $362,448.00 from woopin past veronica mars and being the 3rd most funded kickstarter project in all of time & space (the universe!)  can i get a woohoo!
@ron do you think the 880's are suitable for the pono?
hi treatise if what you say is true , all we can do is hope they sort it out . i hope the 2 albums they put on the le are masters ,
@peter beck, on ebay the 990 goes for $154.00 us and 880 @ 250 ohms go for $184.00 us. both brand new. do you think it's a good deal?
@creator - any plans for "pono exclusive" albums, similar to what itunes and other outlets do? it would be awesome to see a compilation album of covers or something, where all of the artists supporting pono contribute a track - recorded and mastered with pono in mind.
@ron - i have the beyerdynamic 880 pro 250 ohm. best headphones i've ever tried! easily worth the upgrade from 990 for comfort alone!
@ian kendrick, what do you think of beyerdynamic dt-990-pro open back headphones?
@ian 1m? are you going to be able to use the screen whilst this is plugged into the back of your pre-amp?
@treatise i take it that was tongue in beak? :) all this talk of cable has it's place. there is a trade off point where: on the one hand i want the best possible sound and on the other, i do not wish to pay more for the cable than for the unit, or even in the same ballpark.
all this cable talk reminded me of a rather expensive denon cable, and specifically the reviews it has. unfortunately it has been discontinued, so you'll have to take the reviewers' word: http://www.amazon.com/denon-akdl1-dedicated-link-cable/dp/b000i1x6pm/ref=cm_cr_pr_product_top
@ian thanks, at full price for the ichord, i am tempted to go for the d-fi at 130pounds for 2m. i'll wait for your comments.
@darren i wouldn't bet on pono store reaching outside the uk in 2015. in fact, i'd be positively surprised if it is available outside uk/de/fr/es/it in less than five years. it took much bigger companies (sony, apple) close to a decade to get their online stores to most (but not all) european countries, and smaller ones (spotify) are still in only a handful of countries. they all kept saying "we're looking into that" and "we are excited to offer our services in [country x] in the future" for literally years, and i'm afraid that's not going to be any different this time around. yes, every euro counts, but music distribution is notoriously complex in europe. it's supposed to be a single market, but this is another topic and my blood pressure doesn't like that discussion :p
@richheart just bought a chord minijack cable off ebay. £37 delivered, 1m. will report back after it arrives. as you know i use a lot of chord cables already.
@richheart, absolutely, take care.
@douglas thanks for the info
@douglas checking... saw the few female pop artists.. interesting.. :) not sure if they will be in the le
@marc - check who pono follow on twitter :)
@pono any forecast who will be the next new le artists be available?
12 days to go. now less than $400,000 needed to dethrone veronic mars from #3 most-funded spot! https://www.kickstarter.com/discover/most-funded
@ron *humbly extending my hand. ok, we're all here for the same goal, to see pono  and/or hi-res music, become mainstream. pals :)
@pono, and he will be signing the bf l.e.s?
diito
neil young fans - you may not realize that buffalo springfield le includes neil himself.
rj thomas gsoh, gigantic krell wltm..... oops, i took the bait. why don't i listen? :) ok.... fully chilled now
@creator, where in canada, will the pono store be located?
@richheart, and yes, that was my attempted humour. chill
@richheart, i new that was coming. i was only joking.
erast, you're probably right but thought i would ask as i'm always afraid that the one time i don't have access to this site is the time they'll release a bruce le & i'll be on the outside looking in!
i would like to swap a foofighter for csn+y or ny or ny+ch or pearl jam  if anyone is interested?
@kinch and @ron thanks for your comments, i will probably order the ichord as it has both good reviews and seems to fit a sensible price bracket. ron, really. just because you own a krell, the dollar store? or was that your attempt at humour?
@ elizabeth toncic you might be better off using the word 'announced' instead of 'released' - but i think they'll want to keep their powder dry & not spill the beans anyway!
@ron thomas not baiting anyone, i was shouted down for wanting spec details, just want to make sure the people talking about 'purchasing' a pono realise that kickstarter is not a store and you don't gain any rights to a refund if it turns out pono is not all it was advertised as etc.
don't take the bait.
@creator i realize that the release date for pono is october i was asking if any new artists would be released today!
thanks @creator-- now i can get on with other things w/o obsessively checking for new le drops!
@dennis lane just a side note, as i notice this is your first kickstarter, you keep mentioning 'purchasing a pono' just wanted to make sure you realized that you are not, in fact, purchasing a pono. purchasing implies you have some rights and garantees, like getting your money back if the player doesn't work, or is not what you expected, or if the company goes under before you get a pono etc.   none of these rights exist with a kickstarter campaign. hence you may want to be a little more skeptical and a little less forgiving at the lack of specs etc for a product which is due in only 6 months time (although very few kickstarter campaigns get even close to the estimated delivery date, i can show you some much simpler projects that are over a year late despite having a prototype before they started the campaign).
@elizabeth toncic: no. october.
@creator will we be getting any new les released today?
website thanks-  all our supporters will have a chance to opt out of website thanks or to specify what name they'd like us to use.
i just discovered a feature i was unaware of. if you click on the name of the commenter - say, the ponomusic team - that takes you to their profile page and you can click on the word 'comments' to see all the comments from them consolidated on one page. this will make it easier for backers to check previously-posted information and answers from the pono team (or anyone else whose comments you want to view).
@david stecklair: someone will. ponoplayer is that good.
i wonder if anyone out there in the wide world will be listening to pono through sennheiser's legendary he90 "orpheus" headphones. apparently they go for $30,000 on ebay nowadays: http://wiki.faust3d.com/wiki/index.php…
@ william may you can do this before the closing time on april 15th by going to 'manage your pledge' once you've logged in.
@william you can alter you pledge anytime before the campaign ends as long as the reward (artist) you want to switch to is available. just click "manage your pledge." note that this will switch your pledge. per kickstarter, you can only choose 1 pledge per kickstarter account. if you happen to want 2 rewards, you need to get a second account with a different email address. www.ponopeople.org has answers to many faqs.
@ darren fitzroy i too hope kinch is right. ireland has a small population, which means the market for sales isn't going to be very large. still, every euro counts, eh?
community of ponopeople.. visit us @ www.ponopeople.org
iam a backer of pono,can i switch artist that come up later that i like better than the one i have?
ah tanks kinch i hope your right , i am geting the metallica le , i hope they put the s&m live album on it that would sound geat on the pono
@richheart, if you want to keep your cost down, then maybe you can buy a interconnect at the dollar store.
@richheart http://www.chord.co.uk/product/ichord-vee-3-minijack-cable/ £65.00 http://www.amazon.co.uk/qed-performance-audio-phono-graphite/dp/b0018pxtze £24.95 http://www.whathifi.com/forum/accessories/qed-performance-audio-j2p the qed performance j2p graphite seems reasonable value. qed quality has always been good in my experience. at £25.00 they won't break the bank and should be very acceptable. as to whether it is worth spending a lot more on a cable, i'd suggest waiting until the pono surfaces and then taking it into one of the better hi-fi shops and do an on the spot spot listening test of the various cables they have in stock.
@darren fitzroy the chances are that we in ireland will be able to buy from the uk store, same as we do with cds amazon.co.uk.
@ neilyoungponofan - you are right, dennis has been spamming all day. against audiophiles too.
have looked around at cables. i find it hard to spend more than about 10% of the cost of a unit on a cable. i do have some very expensive cables at home but in the main i feel that source, loudspeakers amplification and dac (in that order) all influence sound far more than cables. so i have a short list of interconnects for around $30 that i would like comments on, if anyone has experience of same: qed performance audio j2p graphite qed profile j2p bluejeanscable signal analog mini belkin f8z180 inakustik premium mp3 audio cable any advice or experience shared, will be gratefully received thanks,
@andreas you sure got that right :)
i have asked on ponopeople and the recommended interconnect cables are coming up at $200 or so.  can someone recommend anything less expensive, before i go order a d-fi for $200? :)
hi redwood tanks for geting back to me . so the store might not come to ireland till 2015 then thats a shame , we are allways last for things like this
at the moment, chrome is actually the most common colour of the pono player as most people have pledged for a le. i guess this will change in the future, but the rarest (colour-wise) is now the yellow one :)
aargh! that last comment should have been addressed to @ peter beck - my apologies.
@ redwood i am a member at http://ponopeople.org/index.php , although i haven't posted much. i don't think we'll see a dylan le before the funding campaign closes but i may be wrong. i'll stick with the player i've chosen (even if the eels, todd rundgren, charlie dore or bruce springsteen come on board) and continue looking for work so i can pay for it! :)
redwood - you're way cool for being this active and reasonable on this comment board. are you on ponopeople.org? if not then we'd love to have you! :-) ... my requests for a penis le player where we get a genuine neil young drawing of a penis seems to have fallen on deaf ears. it's too bad, because i've contacted my penis and told it to send an email to the elliott at the pono team multiple times! i feel like the system is failing me! i kid because i don't have any artist suggestions :/ i echo most of what the others have said! a dylan pono would make me lose my mind. all the best and may you have a beautiful day :-)
@neilyoungponofan i was not bashing the pono...i pledged for two le players...and i am an audiophile too. can't wait to play the pono through my b&k 507 and out through my klipsch cf-3s.
@ darren i forgot to mention that pono indicated in an earlier comment: the pono music store is currently scheduled to be available only in the usa, canada & uk at launch.
@ darren fitzroy please go to the home page and read the section near the bottom headed 'risks and challenges'. this details the large amount of work still to be done by the pono team to enable the player & store to be ready for sales by october. the store won't be available in eire at launch date but will doubtless open as part of the european expansion when irish rights have been acquired by pono music. i hope this helps
@daren fitzroy what are you waiting for didn't you get yours yet
hi why do we have to wait till october to get them , and will the store be out for ireland when it starts , and a velvet underground one would be good or a elvis one ,
@dennis lane, no need to bash, "audiophiles", who like to hear quality music.  i'm just glad neil & the pono team will make this product/platform the norm, (hopefully), as far as a quality player with a great price and so much ponotential.:)
@creator, ok ! sign me up ! ... its ponotunes right ?
@henry hanna: no. we will have our own cloud locker.
@creator, will pono music cloud-incarnations link the other lockers together ?  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comparison_of_online_music_lockers
blue pono siting http://www.bad-news-beat.org/2014how-superfans-drive-the-entertainment-business
blue pono pictures http://audiofi.net/2014/03/neil-youngs-ponoplayer-has-ayre-inside/
excellent .as most of you know, pcm or pulse code modulation is the standard method of representing the output of an analog to digital audio converter. the 24-bit linear words are encoded so that the duty cycle of a pulse wave is changed according to whether there is a digital "1" or "0" present for each of the bit positions in each of the digital samples [up to 192 khz of them per second]. this is raw data and represents the audio associated with the output of the converter. it does have a small header portion that contains the sample rate, the word size and some metadata about the file, for example the size of the data chunk]. it is not compressed or altered in any way other than to have some error detection and error handling redundancies built in to the structure. what it doesn't have is any metadata that can be peeled out and used by a music server or other piece of software that would benefit from a built in source of musical/performer information.
have a great night everyone and dream of a pono by your pillow.
audiophiles spent so much money, only to be short changed, time to get what we thought we were paying for...pono.
when i was a child i listened to a transistor radio, as an adult i am still listening to a form of that same radio, but pono is about to save me.
the only technical way to digitally copy an sacd is through an old playstation 3 model (the first few models that can read sacd) using a custom firmware and a sacd ripping program installed
the best way to serve a pono is over apple.
pono now, or pono later,  we will all have to pono to get the best.
@ron thomas i prefer better than we have now....the rest will come soon enough.
@tjc nice... thank you...but would sound much better on a pono.
@dennis, i prefer pcm over dsd.
@dennis lane the sunglasses for you http://www.youtube.com/watch… pono for ray
@claudia my arms are wrapped around you and your passion. tomorrow will be better than today. thanks!
"apple approved in line remote", martin is traveling down the yellow peel road.
@dennis: i really like your sense of humor! thank you very much for getting me happy after having a bad evening! *hugs*
here are some lovely high end headphones. i'm listening to a 192kb rip of "harvest" and they are heavenly.  they sometimes go down to 55.00 http://www.newegg.com/product/product.aspx…
@claudia back at ya!
@dennis: quote "pono is better than viagra and last longer, the only side effects are great music." you really made my day! :d
we are looking at the future of music, now is not the time for sunglasses.
@ ron thomas neil is doing the best he can with a first run product. be thankful that the ball is now rolling.
number 7 on the list asks will pono support dsd playback? no plans on this first release. we are focused specifically on pcm at this time because it has broad acceptance, and when done properly, still offers the best sonic solution. while dsd is also a great format, it simply doesn’t have broad enough acceptance by consumers, studios, or labels. this is obviously not what advocates for dsd wanted to hear. but it comes as no surprise to those of us that realize the shortcomings of dsd. neil and his team have obviously looked into dsd and decided for now to ignore it. i have to embrace his comment that pcm has broad acceptance and still offers the best sonic fidelity. he’s right about this despite the marketing and spin that many have employed to push dsd. it was especially interesting that they said that the studios and labels haven’t accepted dsd. he’s referring to professional recording studios and the major record labels. neil, who happens to own a very well equipped studio, doesn’t use dsd and he certainly isn’t going to transfer his analog masters to dsd and send them to warner brothers records. my best guess is there won’t be any pono players capable of decoding dsd. right now neil and his collaborators at ayre acoustics have finalized their design, programmed the software, had the tooling made to produce the parts and secured a chinese company to put the units together. does anyone really think that they’re going to abandon all of the work that they’ve already done to include a format that doesn’t register in the professional music production world or major label executive suites? audiophiles will pester them but it won’t come to anything.
it took neil to confront bad music. it will take all of us to prove he was right.
frogs being boiled in water just think its a sauna, those who continue to listen to mp3s just think that's the way it was meant to be. how sad.
http://www.youtube.com/watch…
pono is better than viagra and last longer, the only side effects are great music.
at least none of those apple artist are worth a pono
@creator how about a tijuana brass pono its april 48 years later still holds record http://www.youtube.com/watch… alpert and the tijuana brass won six grammy awards. fifteen of their albums won gold discs, and fourteen won platinum discs. in 1966 over 13 million alpert recordings were sold, outselling the beatles. that same year, the guinness book of world records recognized that alpert set a new record by placing five albums simultaneously in the top 20 on the billboard pop album chart, an accomplishment that has never been repeated. in april of that year, four of those albums were in the top 10, simultaneously.
so i had this apple that started to turn brown, i throw it on the compost heap, and got a pono. life is good once again.:)
apple is doomed.
apple has announced artist signature series ipods to compete with pono. the launch lineup includes: shaggy, busta rhymes, kris kross, whodini, lil' bow wow, clay aiken, lil' romeo, milli vanilli, and and ultra-limited michael bolton.
and emmylou harris but she already has a pono http://www.youtube.com/watch…
and birthday wishes to marvin gay pono http://www.youtube.com/watch…
and his birthday is tommorow and a year younger than neil but who could resist a mr.las vegas pono his first hit happy birthday http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@kyle french  dire straits would make sense, seeing as how they appear on the ponoplayer screen in one of the stock photos that the company is using... of course they also have a picture of a fantastic looking blue pono that they are not coming out with. but both would be nice
@ all great deal on sennheiser headset super hot price will sound terrific on the pogo http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b005920dva…
just another reminder to all your redditors out there that there is a pono subreddit, which you can access here: http://www.reddit.com/r/ponomusic it's in real need of some user activity--feel free to make your own posts!
hey all, just in case you haven't been keeping up with the official pono website, they've been adding more artist testimonials regularly. most of these are the artists that were already shown in the announcement video, except longer with more detail and exchange with neil, which is very cool. anybody curious about how good pono really sounds should really watch these! http://www.ponomusic.com
@stella frazier great review but they will not be producing ponos in the color of blue.
@axel thanks, www.ponopeople.org has some good info.
@apollyon you can alter you pledge anytime before the campaign ends as long as the reward (artist) you want to switch to is available. just click "manage my pledge." note that this will switch your pledge. per kickstarter, you can only choose 1 pledge per kickstarter account. if you happen to want 2 rewards, you need to get a second account with a different email address.
hey guys! check out my pono review here :) http://musicrowgirl.com/2014/03/12/what-is-the-pono-player/
currently signed up to get the dave matthews pono, but i see they're adding new artists occasionally.  if one came on board that i like more, will i be able to switch?  sorry for the stupid question....
community of ponopeople..visit us @ www.ponopeople.org
hey ponopeople anyone want to trade their pearl jam ass (artist signature series) for my csn&y??
very excited for this. hoping for a possible radiohead le!
i will use a pair of akg k141 800 ohm monitor headphones initially, but may upgrade later. they have really good natural sound but fatigue my ears by the design of the headset itself.
isbn: 9780399159466 he's a "car nut" read the book ! thank you neil :)
i love my shure se535 earphones they sound incredible.  the best part is that they have a detachable kevlar cable. i have them with me almost constantly and haven't had the dreaded one side cutting in and out that used to plague me.
bet this car gets a pono :) "i've been through the desert on a horse with no name it felt good to be out of the rain. in the desert you can remember your name  'cause there ain't no one for to give you no pain la, la ... la ... la, la, la, la... la" http://www.youtube.com/user/1050mph
i have a pair of bereydynamic dt-990 pros 250 ohm that i use in my home system when i can't bother the family.  they sound great and feel great.  the sound is very airy and open with the open back design (closed and semi-closed are dt770 and 880).  running hires 24/96 from my macbook pro to my rega dac, rogue tube pre , and out through a vintage yamaha solid state amp with a good headphone section, the sound is smooth, detailed, non fatiguing.  i'm hoping the pono player will deliver most of that experience through its internal electronics (with its premium dac chip and well designed amp section, should be close).
@creator, wooden it be pono to do this ? http://technabob.com/blog/2008/11/13/triangular-led-wood-clock-conceals-its-true-identity/
i have been using the lime green version of the akg q701 for about three years now, (also available in white and black), since they were gifted to me by q himself. of all the cans i've used in the past 20+ years they are simply the best. any music through them reveals details unheard in previous headphones, with spectacular clarity, stereo definition and warmth. i can easily wear them for ten hours straight and have zero ear fatigue whatsoever.  http://eu.akg.com/akg-product-detail_eu/q-701.html
anyone use the marshall monitor over-ear headphones?
@jason kef m200 in-ear headphones which i like, and come highly recommended.
thank you for the info guys!  just discovered all this stuff i didn't think my beats would cut it.
@jason i've had a pair of westone 3s for a few years now, love them to death
@jason - i found a pair on sale at rite aid for $2.50. they say "awesome bass!" on them so i think they'll sound great. just kidding. i think people will be bring all different types of phones to the game, and all of them should benefit from pono. but if you're in the market for a new set, i think the guiding principles should be 1) buy from a brand respected by audiophiles (such as sennheiser, beyerdynamic, shure, bowers & wilkins) and 2) avoid brands despised by audiophiles such as beats and skullcandy. overall, you'll want to aim for something that delivers the most natural reproduction of the music and soundstage (sometimes identified as a headphone with a "flat eq"), as opposed to a set that would "color" your music with any kind of built-in effect.
@ian trying to give you a break :) you've been plugging our little site a lot lately.
@kyle... you beat me to it!
@jason check here.... http://www.ponopeople.org/viewtopic.php…
what headphones is everyone going to be using this with?
12 days to go....still waiting on a bruce le!
@pono, where in canada is pono opening up shop.  i hope it toronto.
@tjc  dire straits would make sense, seeing as how they appear on the ponoplayer screen in one of the stock photos that the company is using...
hedrick pono already suggested band pono already suggested it's all about the money let get some more limited editions how about dire straights , elo , moody blues, procol harem
the band would certainly be a great le. canada seems to have produced more than its fair share of stars, neil, joni, leonard cohen, the band, arcade fire, the mcgarrigles (and wainwrights), gordon lightfoot, ron sexsmith etc.
1 - csn available
@josh - can't wait to listen to "the weight" on my pono.
a "the band" le would be fabulous. my top choice.
@ jim humphry  could not agree more. the notion of buying pono as something to make money out of is very much against the spirit of what this campaign is about. i use a reasonably high end system and have commented here that there is a very wide range of experience and budget in the group. pono is about democratising good sound and not about money making per se. rainy day, dream away... i have not dared suggest a jimi pono - but the family seem to me to be very much in line with what pono is about and have released high quality vinyl and digital versions of the albums.
jackson browne l.e.  i hope late for the sky and one of: hold out/running on empty/the pretender/for everyman :) whatever, i will thank my lucky stars (and neil)
hi all, i have been quietly reading all of this for weeks, can't wait to get my jackson browne pono! i think this is an incredible opportunity to experience music the way it should be again.  i wouldn't switch my le for anything but i think that the band would be a great choice for a le. levon helm's family is still quite involved in "keeping it going" and i think with enough encouragement it wouldn't be that hard to get them to agree, i already contacted lhs about this. the person running the show over there promised to check it out. maybe if enough people asked, or maybe they could do just a levon helm "keep it going" pono?:   lhs general manager barbara o'brien barbara@levonhelm.com and to the pono team- especially neil young, thank you for doing this!!!
reading over the last few days the continuing back and forth about technical specs and the potential $ value of limited edition les, i'm reminded of the name of this project - pono.  righteous, and it's goal of bringing pure music to the masses, and the lyrics of one of my favorite ny songs kept coming to mind: 'seems like such a simple thing to follow one's own dream, but possessions and concession are not often what they seem, they drag you down and load you down in disguise of security, but we never had to make those deals in the days that used to be. talk to me my long lost friend, tell me how you are, are you happy with your circumstance, are you driving a new car, does it get you where you wanna go, with a seven year warranty, or just another hundred thousand miles away from the days that used to be.' then, thinking of ny's vision of getting us back musically to 'the days that used to be' i couldn't shake some other lyrics about the trade offs apparently inherent in modernization that have haunted me for years: 'mama used to roll her hair, back before the central air, we'd sit outside and watch the stars at night, she'd tell me to make a wish, i'd wish we both could fly, i don't think she's seen the sky, since we got the satellite dish.' -james mcmurtry- i, for one, would prefer a little less of the prosaic discussion of high end (expensive) audio equipment and their specifications on this forum and would champion a little more brainstorming about how to bring the idea of this product to the masses who could afford the treat this $300 object will bring.   i've been lucky enough to be in cape town the last few days and am blown away by the ubiquity and quality of the music on the street, from a cappella groups that truly soar to little kids making rhythm with plastic bottles filled with gravel.  oh, and i don't think too many of those little kids have any le's socked away for future speculative purposes.    a little perspective perhaps? and i'd love to see a james mcmurtry le. still raining, still dreaming.......
@ richheart - have responded on the forum
i posted re: interconnect cables, including a short-list and would appreciate comments and/or advice http://ponopeople.org/viewtopic.php…
nicholas, when i asked @ creator a few weeks ago about bruce & an le, they told me he was a little "gun shy" & to contact his website. i've done that but i haven't heard anything from either them or @creator. still hoping!
le suggestions: please add sonic youth le and radiohead le!
although i'd very much like a bruce le myself it would surprised me if he got involved. he is an avid believer in keeping it about the music and the quality, spending many days in the recording studio trying to get his music to sound the best it can, but he is known for not endorsing products and here is a link that would make it very hard for him to go back on his morals, although it could be said that as pono is about the music this is reason enough to get onboard. http://youtu.be/jgigt2trv4m
@douglas before committing to getting a pono delivered to the us for you to then get sent to uk, i would check how this affects warranty. are you the going to have to send to us for maintenance etc if its registered in us. maybe doubtful but worth checking. if its more hassle is it worth it for $15???
in fact i'm thinking the reason why pono is getting so hung up on getting a dave matthews band le picture released is because leroi moore, the saxophonist, is deceased.  i've inquired about it a few times but i think they're stuck on that.
i wonder how pono will sound with a bose sound link through the aux. in?  http://www.bose.com/controller…
the band would need approval from levon helm's estate.... which is apparently more work than pono can manage at the moment.  its not as easy as getting guys that are 'still with us' to sign on with one of these.
bob dylan would be great. how about the band.
kyle,thanks for pointing that out .i hope you're right!
no one has ever mentioned bob dylan.  since neil and bob are friends why should this be a stretch?  seems like a no brainer sell out.
@jodin, @treatise  i suspect that the loudness wars started a long time ago. in the early 80s the optomod was introduced into the fm broadcasting chain (in the uk at least - i worked in radio as a broadcaster doing specialist music shows and was horrified at the thing) to compress music so that large dynamic peaks would not overload the signal and very quiet stuff get lost. which worked for transistor radios, but marked the end of the very high quality (way better than dab) that fm can achieve. but that wasn't the start of it - it came out of a time when am radio in the usa was the big thing and pop music got mixed to sound as loud as possible via that medium.  all that has happened with digital and compression is that that trends has continued. it is all about getting the loudest sounding 'music' out of a cheap transistor radio/mini system. play the same thing through a decent system and it sound appalling. maybe this ground has already been covered - should be on the forum, rather than here maybe? http://ponopeople.org/index.php
backed so that i could add my request of sting and/or the police to the list of artist supporters.
i think a porcupine tree le would sell for sure knowing steven wilsons love of remastering im sure he would be onboard in a second.
if that's true, pono please do a police le rather than just sting on his own!
@elizabeth if you follow pono on twitter you'll notice that they follow sting and bruce, along with everybody else that has les featured here... i'd like to think that means we have a good chance at seeing those two names on an le soon.
@treatise -- the so-called "loudness wars" are a result of all of this digital compression, removal of head-room, and addition of compression artifacts into our music. almost every artist in the mastering stage wants it to be "louder". but getting it to appear louder on all playback systems is more complicated than turning the overall level up. once cd's seemed to lose the echoes and overall soundfield clarity, as well as the worry of jumping grooves on vinyl, mastering engineers began to push up the overall level. dance music first, then hip-hop, then rock, now almost everything. this is the primary result of removing our audio data, not the cause. the loudness wars did not cause mp3 or bad production, the loudness wars are a result of mp3's and bad listening. if you can't really hear clear detail or headroom, what can you hear? overall volume and jumpiness. instead of songs being "in" the speakers, they figured out how to make sound appear in-front of, or jumping out, of the speakers. also increasing the percussion and bass will also hide a lot of digital distortions and artifacts. this is the sound of today. with the ipod/mp3 era coming to close, perhaps this "loud and flat" sound will die with it as well. or at least stay in dance music where it belongs.
@creator are we going to continue to see le editions released this week? in the past 2 days we've gotten the eagles ,elton john & the kings of leon. you know i'm still waiting on the bruce le, so i'm hoping......  :)
@creator: as a follow up on pono le's being delivered within the us but pledged outside the us (uk) i have included the extra $15.00 but hope to get them to my us address, so when you send out the questionnaire re delivery should i decide then to leave the $15 on or remove it now? a bit complicated maybe but worth asking for the few that live in the uk but are picking their pono's up in the us. thanks for the help in advance.
@eduard: no problem. ;)
@ian kendrick: thanks for your feedback.
phew!!! just created another ks account, i am now also backer 15,555 for $65 for a t shirt. had to hold my breath whilst it all confirmed and i still have the ny le, which i was very early in on. so it works, create a second ks account using another email, then go to amazon and use your existing amazon account and credit/debit card an you can do multiple pledges. i know this has been posted before and detailed by the pono team but, first hand experience of doing it always welcome i hope. the forum... much of the stuff on this ks comments section should really be there i agree. there are threads on all sorts of stuff - headphones, other players, the technology, the music and so on. i have more or less stopped responding to questions here as it just clogs things up, but keep an eye on the forum, when i can http://ponopeople.org/index.php any chance of getting the t shirt in april though, rather than june? i only delayed because i wanted to make sure that i would not lose the le.
sorry; claudia
to cladia and redwood and any others interested, if you go to www.ponopeople.org you may find answers to your questions and also, we are trying to gather questions from this forum on ponopeople to send to pono. they know and have agreed to answer our questions. have a look and if there are questions you want answered, leave them there!
@redwood: you`re totally right, including the forum on the main page and in updates would make it much more easier and less work for them and would give the backers a quicker answer to their questions. maybe it will be included soon. *keeps her fingers crossed*
@ claudia i agree about the faq but i think the pono people have their hands full with a multitude of tasks! the forum does get flagged up here on a daily basis - maybe @ creator needs to make the address visible within the page design, along with a separate creator comments page (though they probably don't have time to do this work!) @ tjc here's a copy of the earlier creator comment re blue & other colours: " creator the ponomusic team 3 days ago @dan the colors on kickstarter are the only ones going to production in 2014. "
black chrome and a heavy metal band se would be sooo cool!
what would people think about a gun metal finish? or a black chrome?
@redwood: well, i can understand that people do not want to read all 3300 comments here to find an answer to their questions and not everybody knows about the forum yet. maybe a more detailed faq would prevent this.
so much choice! changed my pledge like 5 times now! thanks @pono for giving us so many options
@ ilan tachnai to connect to your system, you will need a 3.5mm jack to 2 x phono adaptor. check out the ponopeople forum page with more details from the very experienced 'fast & bulbous' (ian kendrick): http://ponopeople.org/viewtopic.php… this question (with many others) has been answered on here a number of times. can i suggest that people scroll back through comment pages before asking questions, or go to the forum pages to check if it has been answered there?
will the pono include some sort of register of played tracks in such a way that it would be possible to scrobble tracks to last.fm? i really like the pono project, but scrobbling ability would be important for me to finally move on from my ipod classic to it.
gary craig they said all all limited editions will be sets of 500 likely all dinner ones will be portugal ponos makes no difference to me i am not going no interest in the limited edition ones a blue pono would be nice
what will be the best way to connect the pono to my system?  rca to pl?  or is there another way?
@tjc pono had said previously that dinner pledges would get a different pono. less of them and more expensive to get them so i assume they will be the ones that collectors want in future. i am not a dinner pledger so don't have a vested interest.  i can only dream.....
@pono saw your mention that possible of bringing the beatles. any chance of paul mccartney's le as well ?
i know myself and many others would like to hear as part of the pono promise, that there will be some kind of leveler (or limiter of sorts) built into the device to turn down any track to the same level as the classical music standard (so all music will be the same volume). this would not only ensure a sort of radio smoothness between songs from different artists (that the average non-audiophile listener would enjoy as well) but those who poorly master their audio for the sake of loudness will no longer have a reason to make their art sound like crap. if this isn't already a standard part of the player maybe it can be a firmware update that goes on by default. if this idea has already been implemented then of course ignore this, but if it hasn't, take the advice of your fans because the hope of quality is why so much money has been invested in something no one's even heard yet and needs to be fully a reality for this thing to last;)
@lisa cooper: not just yet. we'll make headphone recommendations after kickstarter. but ponoplayer makes your current headphones sound ten times better.
@martin changer: unlikely in initial release but probable via a firmware upgrade in the future.
@beth cleaver: if there any artist les that are not sold out after kickstarter, they'll be offered on our store at full retail price of $499. all les that are sold out on kickstarter will never be offered again. they're limited editions after all.  the regular players will be also sold at full retail price of $399 after kickstarter.  so only on kickstarter are these discounts offered. thanks for your support.
@larry: great idea.
@larry: the listening parties will be very intimate experiences at very nice hotels. first one is at ritz carlton half moon bay. check it out to see how nice it is. neil won't be performing but will be the host and socializing with the supporters and thanking them for their support. probably telling the stories behind the creation of pono. trust me, spending quality time with neil is priceless.
@g can you recommend in-ear headphones?
minotaur
pixies: the music! not a le, the music!
how durable will pono be? because i'm clumsy so i hope that the pono will be able to take some damage orr you would design a case to protect it which would be another thing to market to us music aficionados
ny word on the blue pono
elliott smith!
@g - i agree about the gui. as an avid macbook user, i appreciate apple's approach to design but i think the minimalist/white/clean look has been done to death. i think part of the pono's appeal is that the design is modern in some ways, but almost says "this is an electric relic from a bygone era" (but maybe its just me that's hearing voices coming from the pono). i hope the pono has options for different gui themes, maybe even the option to have a custom theme community as part of their website. i'm envisioning a theme based a vintage sunburst orange guitar. i think the "new retro" design cues are something that could really set them apart from the status quo of modern minimalist devices. the coil cord used on the headphones pictured on the homepage, along with that heavy duty silver cable termination look badass. could you imagine a model with an amp-style volume knob? then again, how about a spinal tap le that goes to 11?
hope that the player can power a power hungry set of headphones or at least give 50% of what is required. example of audiphile headphones would be beyerdynamic t1 (600ohms) & sennheiser hd800 (300ohms).
@douglas, that's a great link. i copied it for future reference. thank you
been searching for a device like this for some time. great that the idea is finally out there. i do hope they don't have an gui like apple's music store. it would be amazing if they maintained the simple transition of music by cut/copy & paste into the detected hardware. thus different os for example linux can also use the device. this is a simple thing though really hope it is factored in. plus i've always hated the idea of syncing all your music into a stupid gui (example apple's music store), troublesome and always needs to be updated.
just got back from listening to an aurluric (sp?) hooked up to a system at a music store...where do they hide the people playing? have to make a million dollars somewhere to afford the system there..... can somebody correct my spelling so i can look it up?
pono, where music becomes real again.
@douglas thanks! sounds perfect!
http://www.rustradio.org/ currently playing sundays concert in la
there ny ultra le. they'll be different than ny le ( the case look ) they won't have a number of 500, so    quantity much less. therefore more rare!
tuned to a natural e happy to be that way baby, you're a rich man....... when's someone going to tell this page that there's an e in kickstarter? :)
gary craig we have asked about. case and no answer yet let's hope it is available
gary craig what is different about the dinner ones they are likely some of the left over le that don't sel
@jodin ravia pono should hire you they may be making something great but they can't explain what they are doing it always just believe us now you may be giving a line if bull but you sound like you know thanks
being a vinyl child, i am like going out of my mind to get my player. like it is crazy. and i am not a kid. i bought first cd player in potable form.  was a leap from cassette !  but, as markets go, vinyl died, then got scarce; if you can grasp that-! died not because of its sound, but cd was more portable, skip free. well, i want to get out the old pioneer and towers and get set to look like the 21st century maxell shot !!!!!!!!!!!
trent reznor makes pono news today as the first musician comparing the pono to a toblerone (http://www.nme.com/news/nine-inch-nails/76409) he read it here first! it's funny, i never thought toblerone's were that iconic, that it's the first thing that comes to mind for so many people. is there really no other product in the world with that shape except a chocolate bar? (nonetheless, i think it's perfect, and unmistakeable). but that's okay. a few years from now kids will see a toblerone for the first time and say, "hey, look, that candy is shaped like a pono player!"
the next generation in digital music! it's a revolution!
i did a rough count, there's been about 12,700 ponos pledged for so far. can't wait for these to invade mailboxes all over the globe.
i talked to three new people today about pono!  told them to google it and explained a little!  tweet it , fb it, show them at work & play!  lets make this baby scream like old black!!!  come on pono's lets rock this site!...lets rock this all the way to the top and change the way folks listen to music!
why are there no other views of the le players? what does the front look like? please post additional views
we're very friendly and open to talk about all things pono! check us out! www.ponopeople.org
for discussion on all-things pono outside of this comment section, head to www.ponopeople.org
@gary craig http://m.youtube.com/watch… this pono is going to span all generations ! thank you neil! throw out the hecklers! how does everyone feel about the bose quitecomfort in-ear & around-ear noise canceling headphones?
@lisa cooper if you had rod stewart, it would have to be with the faces. maybe i'm amazed with ronnie laine.......
van the man morrison that would be wonderful and i pledge the first
*the fact
13 days to go.......still waiting for a bruce le!
@simon - as a zeppelin fanatic i agree, they'd sell like hot cakes, especially if they were preloaded with the upcoming june 2014 remasters. i would think that jimmy page, a known perfectionist, would jump at the opportunity to get zeppelin on pono. the face that 24/96 tracks are part of the upcoming super-deulxe boxes, as well as the fact that "kashmir" can be heard playing in neil's car in some of the reaction videos is a good sign.
any news on a led zeppelin pono, i can promise you guys 500 will sell out within 10 mins!
i agree with erast. as far as le's go, i'm sure they're not showing all of their cards yet - i'm guessing some super high profile artists will show up within the last couple of days to drive pledges up. every ounce of win for pono is important. the bigger the splash they make on kickstarter, the more media attention, the more the word pono gets floating around, the more likely the average listener will be curious enough to try one out at their local best buy a year from now.
@creator & @andreas, i think there should be a note on every artists website/ fb page about their pono le's! i know tegan & sara have a mention of pono on their site! pono @creators, what are you doing to advertise? we need to get the word out before april 15! how about rod stewart? handbags and gladrags...so much music going around in my head! does anybody want to trade pj for tp?
@ bill omand check back in 12 days for a big finish!
i was lucky enough to get a ny-le but the only thing that could even get me close to considering a swap would be a remaining members of pink floyd - le. what about sir paul? where's his le?
@ andreas c only if they can get the 3rd man voice-o-graph audio degrader circuitry finished in time!
a jack white pono seems like a possible one?
@ bruno cz pono have already said there will not be any different colours before launch -it's possible they might come at a later date next year.
is there any chance for: u2 or melody gardot le artist series ? and what about other colours - for standart edition? thx for reply...
for 1st april, maybe a mono pono should be released without stereo sound! :)
pono has really hit the nail on the head with the artist signature series idea. imagine if it was just one standard model? it's pretty awesome that they have so many choices and they keep adding them. if zeppelin couldn't be bothered for their signatures, i would love to see a model with the four symbols inscribed.
they have 12 million likes on that page...
what are your thoughts on promoting the kings of leon player on kol's official facebook page? would that be considered spam if one of us did that?
shame these wont work with the bragi lol
standard model, i find they block enough sound as is at moderate volumes.
thanks rooster and carl! rooster - are yours the standard model or the noise cancelling? not sure if noise cancelling has any effect on leakage.
could you somehow get ed sheeran signature edition pono?? please!
my sony mdr-1r have received no complaints about leakage in the office. extremely comfortable too.
@ david - david i have the audio technica ath-m50's   they are a classic at their price point.  closed back. some but not much leakage.
thanks puhn and tjin. if my quest for the perfect pair of over ear's fails, i may have to consider in-ears. good to know there are comfortable ones out there, and thanks for the model recommendation!
@david stecklair, i understand your concerns (i felt the same). but after experiencing the comfort of a pair of good quality foam tips on a nice pair of in ear's, you might reconsider. difficult to "test-drive" in shops, but i took the risk and i'm very happy now (with the shure se535's).
i'm suggesting a bowers & wilkins p7, very comfortable, spacious and precisely detailed sound. although i'm personally using a shure se846 in-ear that's compact enough to fit in my pocket, but it's an 9ohm earphone needing a really low output impedance (~1ohm) player. i wonder what pono's output impedance would be..
i'm having a terrible time finding the right headphones. i don't like in-ear phones, so i'm looking for over-ears in the $200-300 range that won't leak any sound at moderate volumes because i'll be wearing in a quiet office environment. i've tried to reference reviews, but for every person who applauds a set for "leaking absolutely no sound!" there's another person saying "leaks alot of sound!" if anyone has any suggestions, let me know :)
i would probably drop my ny le if a rolling stones le came out.
i managed to get a csny the other day...really happy to get one with neil young's sig. i was wondering, people with a player signed by neil young, is there any artist out there who you would swap your player for? (not including an collab with neil of course) personally i think id swap for a led zep player, but i think that the only one.
b.t.w.: in preparation of receiving the pono player, i've just invested in a set of shure se535 (in-ear-headphones)... if or whenever you're in doubt (and you have the means), indulge yourself in this ultimate mobile treat!
thank you to whomever dropped ny+ch for elton....  grabbed that up pretty quickly.
any chance of getting u2 on board for an artist series?
some nice adds. still hoping for a clash. yeah i know ,,,
my quite uneducated assessment based on both sides of the argument is that pono the format, bitrate and sampling rate will not make a big difference if at all, except if/when pono the company ensures that the masters are good, and not destroyed as part of loudness wars like 99% of popular music is these days. this includes remasters. pono the player can and probably will make a difference no matter what audio source material you are listening to with whatever speakers or headphones - and that's why i'm here. i trust the player will make my "transparent" 192kbps vbr mp3s sound better on my rather expensive (for me) kef m200 in-ear headphones.
elton john just added as well.
it's getting harder to make up my mind on the le for which i'll create an extra account after my lucky "draw" on pearl jam's version... is pat metheney on pono's horizon already? (if so, i've made up my mind!)
@david stecklair -- thanks for the comment. very few of those so-called audio experts actually work in the music business recording, mixing, mastering, or even distributing music. none of them can play an acoustic instrument themselves, or they would hear with their own ears that recorded sound is always struggling to come close to the real thing. the real thing = our ears. they have a myopic view of our senses, and i've actually read those people posting things like "16/44 is sufficient because of the limits of our poor old ears".  this is folly. our ears and skin "hear" far more than any of those tests can prove. tell those mcd's experts to mind their own business and enjoy their low-def existence. mcdonalds is "good enough" food right? audio is always our least-respected and least-understood sense. "this feels better", "this looks better", "this smells better", "this tastes better" --- all will sell more products, no questions asked.  but "this sounds better" has the junk-science people all fired up. most are software programmers pushing their compression algorithms.
i'd gladly pledge for a signature edition but sadly the sold out pearl jam edition is the only one i'm interested in. hopefully someone else i'm into gets onboard.
"this gives it to ya' as good as you can get it." - tom petty on pono
@jodin - thanks for posting. i'm honestly never equipped to go toe and toe with the "experts" who argue against the value of high-res music. but my simple thought has always been - if high-res made absolutely no difference, there would have never been a market for sacd's, dvd-audio, blu-ray audio, or sites like hdtracks. (obviously its never been a huge market, but it wouldn't have been a market at all if it was imperceptible or near-imperceptible). so there are serious audiophiles who have been fortunate enough to have access to hi-res material and the equipment needed to play it - and they've been enjoying it! if it literally made no difference in comparison to their regular cd copy or an itunes version, it wouldn't sell. if blu-ray looked exactly like dvd, it wouldn't sell. the point is that the material/tech previously limited to extremely expensive tech or complicated in-home setups can now be had in a convenient device. also, i'm sure once people start to appreciate the magic of good sound quality again, they will also be encouraged to invest more in the other sound components of their daily life: the home stereo, car speakers, etc.
kings of leon just added to the artist signature series!
@gary craig @treatise i agree some younger artists would be nice, but frankly, most people under 35 or so really won't know what full, natural recorded sound is. they've been given 16/44 since birth, and really don't expect that recorded music could sound any better. they ones that know live music or play instruments or vinyl will get it before hearing it, but the others will have to be led there and shown. led there, kashmir? once pono's are out in public (and walkmans, and the other hd players coming out) people will hear the difference and choose accordingly. and of course, i would not be against buying 24-bit files through itunes over the internet if apple gets on board and ups their specs in the future.
@jodin the science on this forum has been an education to me, but the real test will be the size of the smile on first play!
correction above --- pono won't 'reverse' the golden rule, it will prove it. i for one can't wait to walk around and plug my pono into speakers wherever people need some music. i know that the emotional reaction to the music moving all the air it is supposed to will be immediate.
i'm so proud the people who feel music are winning out over the people that attempt to measure music. the "science" behind 16 bits of data and 22khz of range being all that we "need" are both flawed. xiph.org are particularly misguided. double blind listening tests prove nothing, they are a simple taste test and we are talking diet here. with no long-term data, shove your fake science about what and how we hear. coupla notes:  -- nice headphones are nice, but speakers are the easy part. everything that plays pono will sound better than an idevice or phone due to the superior dac, amps, and shielded internals. even your $20 drugstore headphones will sound better when plugged into pono. -- same thing in the home, office, or car -- the speakers already there are probably more than capable of delivering anything mp3 or cd delivers, short of sub-bass on some systems. plugging pono or any hi-res player into those amplified speaker systems will improve the sound of those systems, even on the low-end of the quality spectrum. golden rule of audio is "garbage in = garbage out".  pono will hopefully reverse this by providing a convenient playback platform for high def, and we can start calling 16/44 "standard-depth" and mp3 "low depth". so much of this is marketing and ignorance of our own human senses.
i'm part of the corporate newsletter team at my company (a global company). i got to do an article on top ten upcoming tech, so i was able to highlight pono. next issue i've been tasked with writing about a unique hobby, so i'll be doing something on audio/music enthusiasm, and i'll be definitely giving pono a highlight in there alongside vinyl and high quality sound systems. just hoping to get good quality sounds pumping out into the atmosphere again. definitely spread the word however you can!
@ treatise my daughter said that, (re younger bands),  a few days ago.  pono asked people to instigate with bands direct. quite a few pledges seem to be from 'my generation',( even without the who le). important that this gets picked up by the young, i would have thought.
@ dana gibson your post is still there - on the 'posts by others' section, so it's not obvious. just checked a few other facebook pages and it appears that none of them have put anything up about their les. maybe they don't care (not their business). maybe @ creator can encourage the artists to give them a push on their own fb pages.
@david would be nice if total at end is over the $8million, giving neil and the pono team a tenfold over their objectives. hopefully most pledges will be in place at the end and not many pull out before then.
they really need to add some current acts to the les to get the young people interested. or better yet, metal bands http://www.youtube.com/watch…
they'll need to drop some more names to help it along.  wouldn't be surprised to see a sting or bruce springsteen le announced in the coming days.
about $500,000 more in pledges and we will claim title of #3 most-funded in kickstarter history. that rounds out to about $40,000 a day over the next 13 days and we'll have it! https://www.kickstarter.com/discover/most-funded
@redwood i had posted something on their wall. they must have removed it. i have done the same for a couple of the le bands.  they used to crash at my son's condo when the were in town....
i've just been to the facebook page for portugal. the man - nothing about their pono le on there. no wonder none of their fans are pledging.
@terence fitzgerald i for one am not interested in sell on value, coz i wont be selling on. i have been a neil fan since i was 17 and i bought trans when it was released, ( which shock, horror i love and still have). i took time off work, which i could hardly afford to do, when crazy horse came up, and waited hours. i want it for my kudos only, for it to be special to me. i will be keeping it, but , frankly, b@ll@cks to your suggestion. lets draw a line below all this numbers game......
sorry to say it, but i think a pono player is no sideshow collectible at all! didn`t you buy it to use it?!?
there's only one first edition.
there are so many le models anyway, surely the sell on value will be low? especially since in a year or two's time there will probably be better players from pono and the others. it seems pointless to buy an le with that in mind. just buy one if you love that band and it'll make your day! don't buy with the idea that you'll double your money sometime down the line
@terence - call me phillip 'cause i'm with you! let's make this more about the music :-)
@terence fitzgerald: the people who waited for hours to get a a crazy horse because all the neil young pono's had gone, gary craig who gave up a neil le to get the first. utter tosh! leave it how it is, the real fans care about the man, the ethos! the tech is a pleasant part of it all no more no less. there will be no changing creator has deemed it to be you pledged first you get number 1 that's it in a nutshell. no matter which colour or le, you give it up to pick one up somewhere else then you probably have no idea which number you're getting.
@pearl jam    @creator you my friend are 100% right. i only hope neil isn't read these comments as he would truly be horrified and ashamed about how some of these people are acting. so, having said that, i am offering up a suggestion to @creator to even the playing field and to stop this petulance: instead of marking the players 1/500 or 393/500, label them with the following "limited edition of 500". done. stops the crying about "what number am i?", "what happens if i have add and switch from a yellow to a black to a jb le to a csn le back to a yellow then to a black and then on to an eagles le and then cry about no chartreuse variant!" do you all, the complainers, really want to continue this ranting for another 6-7 months, driving away the true fans who are here to chat about the tech, the player, the possibilities, the man???? think about it. wwnd?      (and flame away @richheart and @thc---just spell my name right rich, there's only one r")
a lot of people are thinking this way. i bought one, and i'll use it. take care.
f$&@ing hell, who gives a shit? a bunch of children and poorly disguised ebay flippers on here.
will le be in sealed package? can you see on or thru package # of 500, or do you have to open sealed package, to see number. or, is number sequence on your receipt. best is having number via see true pono box packaging. this is for those buying more than one, and keeping others as collectible.
@david stecklair can you post the link, can't find it. nice joke... or!?
@david love it, best so far today!
@david: i think it`s a very cool april`s fool. ;)
hey guys look what just turned up on google news! burbank ca, april 1, 2014 - breaking news: pono music teams up with toblerone to distribute 10 ultra-limited gold pono players "willy wonka" style. between now and october, 10 lucky individuals will be in for a suprise when they unwrap their toblerone candy boxes to find a rare gold pono player waiting inside, pre-loaded with a high-res version of the "willy wonka and the chocolate factory" original motion picture soundtrack. adding to the thrill, the gold pono player will also have the gold-model-only zodiac dac technology capable of playing 32-bit/384 khz songs. on top of all of this, the lucky ten will receive a private tour of the pono factory, guided by the one and only neil young. find toblerone at your local grocery store and start playing today!
@pono: will the ponoplayer support replaygain - both album and radio modes? this is a playback feature that can't be missed that is often supported, such as in my $250 sansa fuze player from 2008.
@creator. great! thanks for the clear explanation.
we won't be answering individual question on each person's sequence number.  i just answered one to make a point.  please don't stream in hundreds of requests for sequence numbers. it's actually 6am in california.  i guess i'm the april fool for being up this early to answer questions :)
@douglas we will be sending out a survey at the end of the campaign to confirm everyone's mailing address with them.  you'll have the opportunity to specify a us address then.  but if you specify an an international address and haven't added the additional $15 then we'll have a problem.
@creator - now snowed under by requests for what number have we got :) is it after 9am where you are creator? if so great april fools : )
@richheart it's a bad choice of words by whomever answered the question.  early on we didn't know if we would have accurate reporting from ks on the chronological order of pledges.  but now we know that we do.  in your case, for example, you have a jackson browne le and you're the 162nd person to pledge to it.  that will be your sequence number best i can tell by a quick review of the pledges. now say you're the first one to pledge to le artist a and have sequence number 1.  then you switch your pledge to artist b and you're the 100th pledge to artist b, then your sequence number is 100, you've lost your priority by switching artists.
never-ending source of 'amusement' here for a ton reasons. secure a limited edition then never open the package that arrives. you read me. the absolute means of ensuring that the one you're selling isn't counterfeit is to leave the shipping package intact. that should drive up your asking price. now the battery...
@creator  - can you clarify exactly how i can have a pono shipped within the us ( new york) while being resident in the uk, my credit card being a uk one and also my amazon account being a uk one how will i be able to have my pono sent to my us address? thanks
not been for a while and we are still unclear about the number on the le's but not anymore @ creator - has made that clear as glass
@creator can you please explain the word 'approximately' in this mail sent to me yesterday 17:35 gmt. "the ponomusic team says: the number will be approximately the order in which it was purchased. if all 500 are not sold, they will become available in our store at a higher price."
@creator sorry, case closed!
@gary craig: the sequence numbers will be assigned in accordance to pledge order. we've clarified this several times. you have my word that this will be the case. pedram abrari
@michael: why would an artist want to sell someone else's albums? each artist/band will pick two of their favorite albums from their own body of work.
@gary *shrugs
@mobiusengine pono are making accessories available to buy separately . a case surely will be 1 of the accessories?
@richheart i thought maybe it was the packing order, ie they maybe have 10 lines packing, so you are guaranteed an approx. of your number dependant on which one is picked up by which packer. this affects 1 of my ponos tho as i am sure it was number 1. don't suppose theres much you can do, but not over happy.
some of these le's that are still available - i am a fan of the artist but not super fan, however it seems like the only way to get the handmade leather case. surely that case it worth something? might it then free up some some les for others, or would pono just be losing pledge money by doing that?
@gary pure 'cut and paste' quoted reply, :( i guess that the data comes from ks data. when someone drops out of a pledge the backers behind should shift up one (i am guessing).  also what happens when you switch pledge? does ks use your pledge # from when you started backing the project? or do you reset as you pledge a new l.e.?
@richheart confused at you being told les would be in 'approximate' number to pledge number. i was told, ( by email from pono) numbers would be to pledge. ie first is 1/500, second 2/500. good luck to whoever gets mine then, bummer!
@ gary craig ha, ha! i think jedward would sell fewer pono le players than portugal the man :)
@darren i would imagine that any pledge not paid on date, in full is cancelled, but not sure.
@darren the money is taken from your account as soon as the launch is over. if the funds are not there, amazon inform the project creator that the pledge was not honoured. you get a couple of days (i think) to make an alternative payment. you could ask amazon.
@kinch if they included father teds my lovely horse i might actually be tempted. think of the future kitsch value........this is a runner!!
hi dose anyone know if you can pay half the cash on the 15th and the rest 2 weeks later ,
@tjc: we certainly do appreciate your support. but each artist/band only has one le and that is limited to 500 units. for the fans of that artist, there are indeed 500 total units in the world. also the le series represent additional artist who support hi-res music. each one increases our chances of success. we see addition of the eagles, one of the greatest bands on all time, as fantastic.
@hamad al mansour: you need a second kickstarter account for a second pledge.
@ gary craig - or a toblerone with every pledge.
@gary craig excellent suggestion +1. jedward bring a new spirit and breath of taste to the world of musical pleasures. i've heard them due a unique and inspiring version of my lovely horse, a song surely deserving to be a eurovision winner if ever there was one. jedward for pono. every wave and component of the 192khz would get rattled with joy.
as its april 1st how about a jedward pono?
@tjc the ponos that will be worth most are obviously the dinner pledges. i only want them to keep, as i know i wouldn't sell, no matter what. to pledge to this is a really big deal to me as i don't earn a lot. suppose it depends on your circumstances.
@hamad you need to add another account, or else your new pledge will supercede the first.
is it possible to purchase 2 pono music players? i already pledged for one
15339 >15338
@all this from day one has been all about the money don't need to sleep on it anymore. changing my limited editions back to just one black pono  no need to be greedy as you folks said. let me change that and then go out in the back yard and stick my head in the sand. i have been backing this for the music and the limited editions to collect and then sell in the future like any music memorabilia that's what some collectors do. more limited editions coming into play. almost starting to remind me of the ford ltd they made so many of them who cared anymore here comes an eagles
@creator, artist signature series: prince purple ponoplayer   http://www.kcsb.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/princepurplecartoon.jpg
@richheart, wow guy ! really that was the very program that famous captain crunch was into that put you in the game ? and why black & yellow [gold] ponos ? just might be the colors of purdue university ! john purdue would be happy with john :) https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/cc/xtra01.jpg/1587px-xtra01.jpg
i don't wanna see more bygone artist cs editions. i wanna see 128gb internal memory stretch goal for more hi-def files.
two weeks to go and the possibilities of future artists between now and the end date tells me there are going to be some more awesome choices.  personally, i'd love to see a stray gators and a blue, this notes for you/blue notes, player. :). if not here, maybe a future green pono featuring greendale on the pono store. have a great day everyone!
@redwood, losing its value and investors?  lol!
@ peter beck i am a member over there already. it would be better if more comments were made over there rather than here - i would say this comment section is becoming like a social media forum & losing some of its value to pono & investors!
@peter and @nypf thanks. i was looking at it as something special on here, not at the potential to make a few bob. x/500 is still special but if only (say) 20% of those were sold on ks and the rest had to be stocked and then sold on, it doesn't feel the same as getting a l.e. only available as a backer of a start-up.
@peter, you're right.  however, there are people who like to know what number they got as far as being the first one or the tenth one or the twentieth one or the five hundredth one.  it's not about a financial reward but rather a sentimental one.  i'm just glad i was able to get a crazy horse player. :)
@rich @neilyoungponofan @redwood - if you want to we can move the discussion to www.ponopeople.org!
@richheart, i'm pretty sure the sold out le's on kickstarter will be more desirable than let's say a future limited edition on the pono music store.  i have faith that the pono team will have this all figured out come rocktober.
@ terence fitzgerald @ peter beck: hear, hear! oscar wilde summed up a cynic as being “a man who knows the price of everything and the value of nothing”. on that basis, we seem to be getting a lot of cynics on here. if you are buying a limited edition, it is just that – one of 500. it is being offered by pono as an incentive to attract investors to help get this thing off the ground. if you've got one, who cares what other people have? be happy with what you've got. no more than 500 of each will be produced – if some remain & are sold after the campaign has ended, they are going to be at least $99 extra, so you have yourselves a bargain.    if you want to sell yours on at a profit, then in my opinion you're just like ticket scalpers - depriving fans of the opportunity to purchase so you can make even more money. once launched, pono may well offer special artist signature models but they will be differentiated in some way from the limited edition models (as per what the neil young dinner attendees will receive).
@rich - i understand, i'm sorry if i came off crass. @neilyoungponofan - if you're only ever selling 500 copies of a product, that is per definition a limited edition product. if they decide to sell the remaining copies on the website, that doesn't affect the limited nature of the product. i'm with you!
@peter, if a company states there is a limited edition, (x/500), then it should be limited.  there are plenty of collectors that want just that.  i have a neil & crazy horse le coming and don't care what number i will be getting because i won't be selling it on the secondary market.  that's just me though.  :)
@peter when i backed on here, i understood, apparently wrongly, that limited editions offered on here, are only for backers. agreed no biggie but i was thrilled when jackson browne l.e. came out. it was like the sony walkman all over again, this time with bells on. right now, i am not sure that i don't prefer a straight, black, pono. again, no biggie.
neil, you have been doing great things, especially for the athabasca chipewyan first nation's legal battle to halt the oil sands' expansion.  as a member of the chippewa-cree nation, thank you for your support!
@rich - but in fairness, we were never told anything other than the le players would say x out of 500. there was never any indication that it would say x out of however-many-were-sold. if you want that for personal reasons, cool, but i would imagine that most people would want a more exclusive signature product because of the prospect of selling it for a profit. to me, that's not what this kickstarter campaign is about, and not something that we should expect from pono. we're buying a music player from pono, not an economic investment.
@peter. no one is being greedy. we are like kids, we've been told we can have something special. now we find out it is not quite so special.... slight disappointment,  human nature, i guess.
@henry... wow! the first clip.. the spaceship landing game.. in 1983 i had a moon landing game on the 6" hp in the lab i was working in. i wanted to change the amount of fuel... found the line in the basic program...  that's how i started on computers :)
i think that the le players should say 1 out of 500.000 just because people are being greedy about this.
@richheart, great links thanks again ! i guess what i want to impart goes with any high risk venture [ there are two sides slugging it out for $ or ethos ] $ wins too many times - ethos should win like this all the time - & on that note: happy apple fools day ! it all started with captain crunch ! https://m.youtube.com/watch…   [ the only vid of the captain i know of ] and ended up here https://www.youtube.com/watch… "funny how greed seems to always ends up on the wrong side of history"
@t fitzgerald  you can ask ks to have objectionable comments removed.  @ron and @treatise "sunrise, sunset.  since the beginning,  hasn't changed yet... " little feat would be great on pono
@michael- true, except pono has answered this question several times. the music on the player with be that of the artist(s) engraved on the pono.
what i see a few times is people thinking the le's will have that artist's own albums it says "comes pre-loaded with artist's top two favorite albums. " this can be read that its there fav albums which could be anything
i apologize if this has been covered already.  is there a turntable out there that will output a flac file that i can then upload onto my pono player.  is this going to be possible with a pono player?  i have lots of vinyl that is vibrating for the opportunity!
the two albums i would like loaded to my my morning jacket signature series pono music player would have to be okonokos (double live album) and their new one that is due out sometime this fall (just in time for the october 2014 pono music player release)...or at dawn (their second album that is hard to find on vinyl).
love to buy rolling stones le?
dennis lane wrote:  "whatever is sold during this kickstarter for each artist or band, should be the series that they are of. les sold in the store should be les but not numbered." i'll second this ^^^^
how about a rolling stones edition?  please?  :)
i'm hoping for a zep model (makes sense with the reissues coming out soon) but we'll see. floyd probably won't happen as that band could care less as evidenced by their lackadaisical approach to their own vinyl reissue campaign. no chance for u2 as they are too tied to apple.. (red products etc)  would love to see new order....
one of the better bands in the late 80's  the traveling wilburys
sleep is in my future....have a great evening to all.
and several other bands he was in
how about the yardbirds?
or fitting for this a blind faith pono
clapton would be good....cream would be better.
maybe a cream pono
they need to have a clapton pono
@carl siglin just keep an eye out when they introduce new artist, some jump ship, and you could get ny le too when it comes up.
greendale was something else. sort of like "tommy the who".
@carl siglin i got a ny and a ny&ch and am really happy.
@ dennis --- oh man - you got a neil...nice....  word is tonight's the night will be one of them but that's just a rumour... i haven't heard greendale yet...
@carl siglin i hope you get what you desire.
@ dennis - i have the petty (for now.. )  if i keep that one - hoping for wildflowers (the timing would fit for the double lp reissue (bonus tracks on second lp) and hard promises.
what is your favorite album that you wish your artist, on the le you purchased, installed on the pono player?
where did everyone go? :)
on the ny le i would like to see the glendale album installed.
csn available...
@nathan a from what i have seen the price of the player and the dac.
i for one have no doubt that for anyone buying a pono, good things will follow.
@creator this may be an area of concern to those who believed and those who sat on the side until the smoke cleared?
sorry if this answered already, but how does the pono player fair against other flac players?  i see comparisons against mp3 players but what about other flac players? is it worth the extra cost? for example i currently use a cowon i9+ with flac's i ripped from cd, i understand that the flac's in the pono store will be higher quality but would there be any difference in playing a flac from the pono store on the pono player vs a different flac player?
by the time the remaining les hit the pono store they would already know which albums were loaded on them by each artist, whether the pono player was a bust or the greatest thing since sliced bread, and what number in the series they were buying. we don't have any of those benefits, only educated guesses.
we all support these artist and pono but a certain amount of recognition should be shown to those who pledged blindly. not those who bought in the store after we took the chance. it is not difficult to separate those who came before from those who came after. even if it went against what i'm saying, it would not dissuade me from my pledges.
@dennis lane regarding numbered les, i would like to see that too.
@terrence 1966 buffalo springfield on my book shelf played once. priceless! 1970 csn&y déjà vu  on my book shelf played once. priceless! speculate on how much our le players will be worth yes if history repeats this could be a retirement fund. i think ill take a dozen
@tjc no one and i mean no one is going to spend $85k or $100k for either item you posted, let's not be delusional here. and if you are only interested in making money than i shrug my shoulders and shall say "oh well". btw, the pj animated cel you see in my photo is for sale for $4.567 billion in case you are interested.
sorry..area
i still stand by my first foray into this are. whatever is sold during this kickstarter for each artist or band, should be the series that they are of. les sold in the store should be les but not numbered.
@terence player piano $37500 http://www.ebay.com/itm/b-shoninger-burl-walnut-wood-music-box-jukebox-player-piano-digital-pneumatic-/121271841431…
@terence rio music player $85000 http://www.ebay.com/itm/the-music-player-that-rocked-the-modern-world-rare-museum-mp3-art-radio-/161246306151…
@terence u2 edition ipod $100000 http://www.ebay.com/itm/rare-uk-model-apple-ipod-classic-4th-gen-u2-special-edition-vintage-/151251596080…
@terence music memorabilia  on ebay for example neil young guitar $9999 don't think he even played it just signed it. http://www.ebay.com/sch/i.html…
@ elizabeth van pelt doubt they would do that either
@terence fitzgerald both
@everyone are we here to back a project that promises to deliver sound like we've never heard, or to speculate on how much our le players will be worth now, then and in the future? #greedsucks
system of a down or a collective soul pono would be nice.
@tjc just brainstorming... what if any excess limited editions that go to their pono store were not individually numbered? the kickstarter versions could still be 1/247 or whatever. would this make the kickstarter editions seem more significant?
@richheart @dennis @henryhanna   "if all 500 are not sold, they will become available in our store at a higher price." not sure about this when it was a limited edition for backers i thought that was cool. they said they would run the full 500 so even the poor guy portugal who could of had like limited edition one of one that would have value in tens of thousand for his fan im sure more will go for him before its over. they didn't like the idea of giving away them to the deaf and blind school. i suppose they figured the deaf people wouldn't like them much. jacking up the price in the store almost devalues it i am not thinking of buying it at a bargain price more like it is something unique. the insides is what this is all about anyhow. kind of goes back to the money thing. literally huindreds of artists who should have a limited edition will they just keep coming out with them in the store? just snagged the eagles guess ill sleep on this a few days maybe go back to the black pono. was really hoping for the blue one but no dice on that either. well anyhow great to see more than 15000 and 5 million this still has two weeks to knock the pebble out what ever that was.
wu-tang clan pono please.
big time
rich is gathering friends left and right.
just swapped from yellow oct to black oct then back to yellow oct again! torn on the colour unless a le comes up that i like..
lol where is the mumford and sons le!?! they should be all over this
the 'manage your pledge' menu will update faster, so i'd keep checking there before you see it pop up on the right side of the screen if you're looking for a tp drop.
@paul gains just switch pledge if tp comes up.
@paul. still one tom petty left?
you can only buy a le after the kickstarter period if they (500) are not sold out, right?
tom petty was 1st choice but too slow to get one so went for 2nd choice foo fighters, but do i change if a tp becomes available or just purchase tp when ponomusic goes live?
where can i pledge to have @richheart stop posting here?
re: tom petty availability.  thanks!
tom petty is available!
damn! the eagles?! are you people for real? next thing i know, there will be harry connick jr on board...  ;)
i currently have the black oct pono but i'll probably upgrade to a featured artist. i'm hoping someone will relinquish their tom petty? :) i'm not expecting any miracles but i would go crazy for "the band."
snarky puppy is a winner! :)
any chance you guys get snarky puppy on the pono.. ?
u2 won't do it unless their sales numbers are shot up on the night sky in manhattan in neon letters that reflect down on the streets of new york.
just pledged my second pono! guess i better make another account and get a t-shirt. i dare ya to add queens of the stone age! (calls work looking for overtime...)
u2 won't do it unless their sales are matched for charity.
hoping for a alice in chains pono player signature series, or even a u2 signature pono player. neil young, ...you are my coolest rock n roll hero !!! marco (from montreal, canada)
@dennis i don't think they care :( the numbering also isn't guaranteed. so if you were say #100 and you got 107 or 92....
a rolling stones le would create havoc...
i wonder what would happen if they released a led zeppelin le? the scramble might be on.
@richheart.....that's not really fair.
one black october player available
@dennis i agree, but what they said is: "if all 500 are not sold, they will become available in our store at a higher price."
@dan williams it could be 1 of 1.
@richheart they should sell however many they sell during the kickstarter and make them a series of the number actually purchased.
@denny lane yup, i just don't like the idea of a l.e. with some being sold off later via the pono store.
poor portugal the man :( now that's going to be a rare player
@richheart jockeying where everyone is a winner.
bit of jockeying: jackson browne -> cs+n -> tom petty -> ny+ch :)
as far as announcements go... they seem to be announcing new artists for the les on their facebook page. the le images are rolled out on their twitter feed....
a couple foo fighters available too
some csn&y now available.
i don't like "approximately" :(  i prefer to be subscribed to a series which sells out on here. like cs+n
got one.  i just had a message from pono re: numbering of l.e. and surplus:  " the ponomusic team says: the number will be approximately the order in which it was purchased. if all 500 are not sold, they will become available in our store at a higher price."
lot of csn les available.
welcome aboard eagles!
@axel maybe you can get the @creator to post your message about ponopeople permanently on the page.
community of ponopeople... visit us @ www.ponopeople.org
@gary : yes there was, le now available, if you are a fan, spread the word!
was there an announcement re the eagles? if so i missed that. more of a james gang man, but it is joe walsh. thanks neil, lifes been good to me so far....
damn...thanks.  almost had another petty up ;)
if you switch, you'll have. dec date.
anyone know if we keep our original backing date (october shipment), if we move to another artist??  i love the eagles and would have snagged them first, but if i go from oct -> dec for delivery, i guess it will be my first downloads!
scratch that... i forgot to hog acknowledge.  i'm keeping petty.  moves too fast anyway
joe walsh for president...
@douglas you're welcome... huge eagles fan,
petty up... i switched to csny...
how about a (japanese band) boris signature series? i'd fork over the $$$ in a heartbeat...
i would like to thank the person who gave up the csn&y for the first eagles, thank you. :)
wow on the eagles! this is more like it great stuff pono team.
god, i hate the eagles! go and get 'em ;-)
eagles are up...damn what do i do!
the eagles le is up
1 oct2014 yellow available.
a comment for phillip gossett 111, apple is more concerned with high volume sales, neil is all about high quality sound! aren't we all, that's why we are here on pono!!
@larry sorry i'm not a native engliah speaker so i don't really grasp the tone of your answer. it looks like you're joking but i'm not sure...
5.128 already! wow, so happy! :-) to the cinephiles out there, go see nymphomaniac if it's playing near you. it is amazing and you would be supporting a real movie made by a real person for artistic reasons.
@ian. my partner works there. she says the staff and the patients really enjoy the music. and yeah, it was a good feeling to give something that was that appreciated. you are right about back-up. i learned about back-ups when i was studying programing c1984 (how appropriate!), 7 hours of work, not backed up, that needs repeating, will teach your children well. :)  so now it's 2 rotated back-ups on site and one monthly switches off-site.
@richheart i salute you!!! :o)   music is a seriously important therapy i feel.
@ian i have 3 hds at home (1 on comp 2 usb) and one at my partner's house. i still worry sometimes but ..... paranoia would again put me in touch with the physical copies (lol). i add to the physical copies whenever i buy a cd, rip it and send them a new gift.
@richheart nope, not nuts - a very noble thing to do. just make sure the backup of the backup is backed up. really.
@redwood   thanks for that, i did not know. i have been a big fan of bert since the sixties, met him a few times, signed albums blah blah blah. i think neil's performance is one of the very few (if any?) times that someone covering one of bert's songs didn't leave me wondering why they bothered. and the booth seemed so fitting too. the highlight of the jansch tribute gig imho. hats off to neil and jack white too. i was hoping it would get released.
@ ian perhaps you would say that i'm nuts :) then i can go and listen to it all there *grin
@ian i donated all my physical media to a local psychiatric ward. it has since been pointed out to me that perhaps i had no legal right to do that.....
@ian k. thanks for the reminder of the bert j tribute. i'm going to watch the whole thing, but thought neil does heartfelt justice to a very scary but great song!
@ ian kendrick you may well know this already - that cover of bert jansch's 'needle of death' is due to appear on a whole album of covers neil recorded in jack white's booth at third man records and is to be released on vinyl as 'a letter home'. no release date has been confirmed. can't find the appropriate post at thrashers wheat, so here's a link from neilyoung faq:  http://neilyoungfaq.wordpress.com/2014/01/23/reports-new-neil-young-album-a-letter-home-coming-in-march/
@ ron  sell the krell? what is going on? are you having a giraffe? (that's a bit of yer actual cockney rhyming slang there...) i have maybe 2000 cds and a good smattering of sacds/hdcds and dvd audios. i have ripped all of the cds in compression less flac and listen to them using a streamer(s) these days, and the a&k ak120. my cd/sacd player isn't in the same league as your mighty krell - in the uk you could buy 10 of mine for the price of the krell. and most people think mine is stupidly expensive. but i have not got rid of any of my physical media. because i don't trust hard drives. after working the computing/i.t. industry for over 30 years i am very aware of what happens when hard drives fail. i had 2 buffalo 3tbyte nas drives - one for the media and the other for backup. both failed within a week of each other and i lost all of the rips of the cds. not amused. i now use western digital nas drives and so far so good. but i am wary. and i don't yet take the precaution of keeping a backup off site, which i should do. meanwhile dacs and streamers get better and better and will continue to do so. so having the cds is not necessary and the physical reading of pits by a laser is far more troublesome to devices than reading a stream off a hard disc. or straight from memory. memory is getting cheaper and cheaper and whilst 3tbytes of ram is still a bot expensive, it won't be too long before it gets fully competitive with hard disc, price wise. moore's law (gordon, not geoffrey). the joy of using your phone/tablet for navigating a music collection makes messing about with a stack of cds seem like the pain that it can be. for some reason that i don't understand, doing the same with vinyl is cool. much more involvement/stuff to do when you you put a record on - i think that is part of it. also... reviews of your krell say that it makes the difference between cd and sacd very obvious, so you would need to be able to rip the sacds too. that can be done using things like a ps3 and software. as for ripping cds i, and a lot of people, reckon dbpoweramp to be the best. i even bought a pc just to run it as it is not yet available on the mac - will be soon though. i would not use anything else - especially for the way it goes about generating bit perfect rips and their artwork software that trawls your library, identifies each song and finds artwork. and their de-duplicating software is great too. i'd be wondering what streamer/dac i could get that would match the krell?
@henry i cited two articles.  one which raises logical doubts (but does not preclude the possibility) of us being able to detect hi-res from cd quality, and one which supports the pono and ponomusic comcept. the aim was to deepen understanding.  most significantly the concept of abx testing is questioned as legitimate.  what i got from the two articles, is that i will spend time with the pono and then will realise what i have after a few months (as per my inability to enjoy instant coffee after getting used to 'hi-res' espresso :))
here in the uk there were a couple of tribute programmes to the late bert jansch on bbc4 tv. i know neil liked jansch a lot, referring to him in the same sentence as hendrix. 14 minutes into the programme - a concert from a famous hall in london - martin simpson pointed to the big screen and said 'watch this'. a surreal scene took place with jack white and neil young talking of jansch a long time ago. neil goes into a 'record your own voice' booth and cuts his version of needle of death. it was jaw dropping, filmed in black and white. if anyone has any doubts about neil and his sincerity, i suggest you watch the programme. i am going to increase my pledge past the ny le that i have already pledged for.  the programme is on bbc iplayer until this friday.
@richheart, ever since the first day here on kickstarter, neil's naysayers were yelling at him from all sides [ i imagine ] when the pono funding has ended here on kickstarter you can bet those corporations with the most to lose will grind out as much malarky as fast as sh^t through a goose ! neil & team will be getting it from all sides in ways we can't fathom - the manufacturing targets are especially tricky for neil - remember this is the real world with real enemies willing to go the distance to bring this down... they will not win ! they are not us & thank [ up there ] we are not them :) i'd bet on this "crazy horse" any day, anytime, any where:) @peace https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@david it might go down in history as the #1 most funded kickstarter without the use of stretch goals. that will be a mind-blowing article. lol
@richheart, thank you for the link rh... what will the pono player sound like? like yours, my money is on neil :)
http://tapeop.com/blog/2012/04/11/problem-bing-and-why-neil-young-right-about-sound-/
http://www.trustmeimascientist.com/2012/05/05/results-from-our-audio-poll-neil-young-and-high-definition-sound/
community of ponopeople... beendet visit us @ www.ponopeople.org
@ron sell it. i ripped a 1000 cds and never looked back.  mind you, i 'only'  had a soundstream  anthem
@danagibson: thank for that. didn't know....and can't wait!
@pfc2 t&s have said one of the albums will be so jealous in honor of its tenth anniversary of being released.
@pono great article especially the picture of the blue pono
happy to see the latest le mockups for jt and beck have the original left to right alignment restored -- sig on the left, edition number on the right. classy look!! thanks @pono for listening!
@ron thomas  i have an fm radio transmitter range is a few miles but good for the backwoods and the neighbors like it 106.1 fm  i will plug the line out into but would need the headphone to monitor it from time to time  the pono should hopefully make the transition better
in honor of tegan and sara just killing it at the junos tonight, i created a second account and bought their limited edition pono to add to my arcade fire pono. proud to celebrate great canadian artists and can't wait to hear both of their tracks on pono.
they would probably work fine. one output is fixed and one variable, at very small voltage.
@brian, why would you use them, at the same time?
the headphone output analog signal is to low. it wasn't designed for audio in of component.
@pono any word on if the headphone jack and the mini jack can be used at the same time or will it overload the pono
@christopher campbell the new 128 chips should work but they have not confirmed it.
@christopher campbell the stereo mini is designed to be hooked to the input of amp it to change the volume you change it on the amp. changing the volume on the pono has no effect on the mini jack just the headphone jack
so what's the difference between using the stereo mini as apposed to just running an aux cable from the headphone jack? is there a difference between the two? what does the stereo mini do that the headphone jack does not. also, do you guys have any plans on making a higher capacity version on the future, or supporting higher capacity cards like 128gb microsd cards? honestly the capacity is the limiting factor for me with my current music library already @ 152gbs.
@creator, what a great article! thanks for sharing it! by the way,are we going to see some big name les (i'm still hoping bruce) in the last 2 weeks?
our amazing supporters, please check out this great article to get clarity about hi-res audio and what pono is all about: http://bit.ly/1hrit7q
@phil c gossett iii, anything apple does will keep it on apple's  "cloud, devices, proprietary platform" pono is the "rescue" of a musical history - kinda like a very cool very big archive of everything we hold dear to us to use as we wish :)
@creator, artist signature series: buckwheat zydeco please :) or... $1225 ;o  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/cnam/buckwheats-world
amazing numbers!  i'm really psyched that it's going so well.  any speculation about the next pono, the second generation?  just like the ipod, it will evolve into something truly amazing.  i'm sure neil is really happy with the entire thing.  anyone think apple will try to step up with something to compete with the pono, maybe a ipod pro hd?
brian,  here in alaska we have no satellite radio and am/fm is garbage.  i can download and store hi res files that i've recorded in studio or live and then download them into pono.  make sense???
david, and the top 6 all originated in california!
@david stecklair been on this one since day one they could easily blow away the pebble if they wanted to. offer some stretch goals not sure why they are not going for the record. they could easily make it
approximately $600,000 more in pledges and pono will overtake veronica mars as #3 most-funded in kickstarter history! https://www.kickstarter.com/discover/most-funded
@carl, just one of those audiophile thoughts. only flaw is that it doesn't have digital in directly to dacs. it would be great to use these dual burr brown 192/24 dacs for external digital source, but can't. other than that great. @brian, offered $5800
@ron  what are you asking for it
@dan time for your bed
@ron... why would you sell your awesome krell player that has a smoking dac already? a flac rip from cd's is still just 16/44.... unless you are tired of that particular house sound and are simply looking to stop spinning physical media (cd's and sacd's)  by the way, it's very difficult from what little i've read to rip sacd's.. maybe check out hydrogen audio forums... of course, you will want to rip all your cd's to flac for your pono player... (they won't be hi rez but they'll be the best they can be from the cd... e
@joe ray skrha  with the pono why would you want the ipad in your vehicle just trash it ipad nono
@treatise i guess i am older i remember when neil was at woodstock with cs&n and i actually don't think to much of metallica not having listened to to much of any of their music they came on seen in the 80's pretty much in the category i was referring to they got what the engineer mastering the album gave them and don't know any better. but i agree what you are saying if the mastering is not done right it won't sound good no matter what you play it on.
@all tech people, i'm seriously thinking of selling my kell cipher source player. then i'll transfer all my cd and sacd to flac files. then get a really good dac for home stereo conversion. also, i'll have use of my pono player. then all future music will be hi rez flac files. or should i do this, and also keep my source player. i have a good offer on source player now. what do this think? thanks you.
to quote @janet l wooten "i am so proud that i can take part in the early success of pono music with thousands of others who believe that music in all it's forms must be made available at the highest quality for today's listeners". i have faith & hope the music i love will be showcased the way the artist meant for it to sound when they first created it in the studio. as a fan of metal, blues, jazz, and classical i chose the limited ed of the metallica pono player. thank you neil young!
i have to agree with robert hake, ask joe ely and the flatlanders to join...
3000th comment!
does anyone have any suggestions for a way i can hook up my ipad into my car radio incorporating pono?  i have a mcintosh amp and i have to replace the radio in my ford excursion diesel.  any suggestions for a head unit  that will incorporate the ipad and pono?
@peace, why pono? ...because sound is visceral... https://www.youtube.com/watch…
sorry, i meant daniel: @yes: steve wilson-"porcupine tree would be a good sponsor, great band!
@michael, yes: steve wilson-"porcupine tree   would be a good sponsor, great band!
@dan with the threat of this turning into a pointless cd vs vinyl debate, what markus was criticising  about metallica was lack of dynamic range. cd has a clear and huge advantage on dynamic range over vinyl. in other words, it is not the medium that is at fault with the metallica album, it is the mastering. and that gets back to what i've been saying here since i joined: pono player can't help much, if at all, if mastering is done poorly. and since mastering these days is dynamically compressed so that music is not much more than structured noise, there's not much the pono _player_ can do. what pono the company can do is curate the tracks that are included in their store, and refuse to allow dynamically compressed abominations on their store. here's hoping. and back on the topic of vinyl, the guys in metallica are older than me, so they were well in the vinyl stage in their formative years.
@daniel i also feel there is a huge untapped market in metalheads (metallica hasn't been metal since black), and those who listen to music that's in the charts today. there is a bigger market than affluent white males in their fifties out there...
15,000 mark!! :)
@brumo cz yes more colors ive seen pictures of a pretty blue one and a brown one green would be great as well as a lot of other colors. making colors in plastic is pretty simple
@mobiusengine they have pretty much ignored any mention of stretch goals or anything free
hey, make pono in bright green colour too. pls. and i will change order from yellow to green. thx! :)
@markus brenner maybe it is not that they want it that way maybe it's they don't know that its possible that it could sound better. they go into a studio and get recorded and out pops a cd they listen and it may not sound good but they are from a generation that did not grow up on vinyl so they don't know what it could be. i guess in another way of saying it they are stupid but i wont say that here as it might start a whole string of comments. .... just saying! it might just be me but since the era of music came out where the musicians are not even acknowledge started their is not much worth listening to some of them i cant even get my dog to listen to maybe pono will help old fido.
would love to hear some defined ideas from pono hq in regards to what they have planned, if anything, as the 5m goal burst and now the 15,000 backers goal. are there stretch goals? are there other artists confirmed for le and not released? where is springsteen and dylan?
c'mon!15,000 strong army of music lovers!
good point, daniel. on the one hand side, i agree with you, i personally would love to hear the opinions of some progressive rock / metal musicians on pono, especially from those who really care about the overall quality and dynamics of their records (steve wilson, arjen lucassen of ayreon, john petrucci from dream theater). then again, especially in metal, i guess there is a certain trade-off between aggressiveness and dynamics, i.e. some of the artists simply want to sound their music compressed (not just loud) to a certain limit. there is only so much the improved pono player hardware and a higher bit rate can do if the source material is already dynamically squashed. i find it particularly interesting that there will be a "limited edition" version of the pono player with metallica's name on it -- considering that "death magnetic" is one of the most prominent victims of the "loudness wars", and none of the musicians in the band seem to see any problem with how the released cd version sounds (i have a hunch this incident accounts for the fact, that there are still a number of metallica special edition ponos left). it would really be interesting to hear lars ulrich's take on why he supports the pono movement and what he expects from it. will there finally be a dynamically restored ("righteous") hd version of death magnetic available on the pono site? in any case, i agree with you, the more musicians pono involves the more momentum this will gain within the music industry and the consumers. music of any kind can only benefit from this.
pardon me, but it seems you've left out an entire demographic in your goal here. aside from testaments from rappers being absent in the video, what about progressive metal & metal heads wanting quality? most of the people in the video are older rockers & that's great, but the veering off of old school standards is from newer generations who don't care about vinyl because they've never had a record player. i bet a lot more people would jump on this if they saw: tosin abasi- "animals as leaders", mikael akerfeldt of: "opeth", muhammed suicmez - "necrophagist" steve wilson-"porcupine tree" bill steer- carcass cynic- paul masvidal. no disrespect,but the people in the video are a very limited group of mostly older white guys who younger kids are mostly unfamiliar with. if i were a young metal head or dubstep kid, i would probably not relate & hit back on my browser. go ahead, make your $ go up a few more million & get some whippersnappers involved. everybody's wins! save the music pono!!!!! ;d
finally thought of an l.e. candidate:  joe ely
pono twitter retweet, amazing article: http://futureofmusic.org/blog/2014/03/29/could-pono-be-good-news-musicians
to garyh in australia: how do you convert sacd and blu-ray to flac? foobar2000 can handle dvd-a and dts-cd, but not blu-ray. tsmuxer can separate the audio streams on blu-ray.m2ts files, but i only have nero to convert to flac, and that downgrades to 16 bit. as for sacd, i have never found a way to access the dsd layer on a computer. as far as i know, they don't make sacd burners or blanks. i hope there will be included software for the pono player to transfer these hi-def blu-ray files.
bill, that was a great article, thanks.
http://www.cnet.com/news/what-is-flac-the-high-def-mp3-explained/ whoops fixed link below
check a nice article at cnet regarding flac files and pono get's mentioned with a link to kick starter at the bottom of the page. check out at cnet : http://www.cnet.com/news/what-is-flac-the-high-def-mp3-explain
@janet l wooten you actually can download some pretty good sounding flac files if you go check out the internet archive and they are free depending on the sound system on the computer they can sound quite good. i pipe mine to my stereo system the mp3 files are for convenience but you may want to check out some good music that is available before you get your pono so you have a nice supply.
@ shakey jr they have you a room at the local hampton inn and across the street is a nice olive garden where they worked out a deal for the "surf &turf" large shrimps and italian sausages over linguini with the endless salad and bread sticks included and any desert of your choosing  this is a listening event so no live playing just 7 hours of neil's hits which may include some of the bands he was in like csn&y to keep the evening rocking.
hi guys, hi neil, even though not everything has been settled, can you please tell us a bit more in detail the expected programme of the vip dinner with neil? sure hope we can expect neil to play a gig! looking forward to hearing you, live!
5 millions!!!! aaaaaa!!!!
5 millions!!!! aaaaaa!!!!
roger waters signature!!!
@go hawks, yep :) me2 :) saturday night ode to da mac, pod, pad, phone tunes & long may ye r.i.p. :) https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@hhanna- so glad you are no longer blind !!! wow only 3 weeks ago (literally)!!!  :) glad pono is taking off!  :)
below = above
with respect to the limited edition models, please leave off the block letter name of the artist below the signature as per the recent photos - it just doesn't look as cool as the early ones and seeing someone's ineligible squiggle and the "x of 500" note of exclusiveness etched into the cool shiny metal. i mean heck, i don't need to know it's neil young's...cuz...well...for god's sake...it's neil young!
@janet l. wooten: well said janet. we truly appreciate your support.
i agree with you 100% janet.
in neil young we trust.  i have never downloaded a song because i think the quality is lacking.  i don't listen to music on an ipod or computer or phone.  i have been waiting a long time for the innovation that would bring life and soul back to the music i love.  i am so proud that i can take part in the early success of pono music with thousands of others who believe that music in all it's forms must be made available at the highest quality for today's listeners.
@creator - excellent, can't wait! 145 more backers and we'll hit 15,000!
@david stecklair: that video is coming soon.
@henry hanna bummer on the blue i won't ask about the brown one i saw in the other picture likely would get that wrong as well
@pono do you think pono could be an occasion for artists to release unknown songs digitally? like beck k records 2 or the songs he did for some movies and never released?
@creator, this thing is better than "stone soup" @dan, https://m.youtube.com/watch…
has anyone else noticed the photos of kids listening to pono on the top of the kickstarter home page? looks like these could be from a video neil mentioned where the let kids listen to pono and filmed their reactions. anyone know if that video is floating around yet? maybe the photos are a teaser?
@dan the colors on kickstarter are the only ones going to production in 2014.
@henry hanna we will definitely have an outreach to the indie artists after kickstarter.  in fact, we have an email address for those interested to reach out to us:  artists@ponomusic.com
@treatise, regardless of how i understand it, you're right, i'm looking for the same functionality for flac files.  the album gain feature in mp3gain is genius, and pretty much a must for me considering how loud modern music is mixed compared to the classics.
@richheart, "got your back" @ponoteam, "independent artist & ponomusic" question... to me this "creation of neil's" has the power to empower the cloistered musical energy on a worldwide stage as never before ... which begs the question of a&r... wouldn't it just put a fire under all of us to know our music "yea i play so what" our development as artists is supported with some global "pono network" of recording studios, producers, session players and the whole burning bush of a centric network linked as never before - signed on to & approved via pono music nuns & monks? i only suggest this happen because the leader here of this wonderful pono parade has proven over and over again his integrity and distain of the politics & power brokers that took our music from us... short question: how deep will the new pono music network go for the indie artist ?
can you plug into both jacks at the same time or will that overload the pono player
@garryh it's not only remasters which suffer. the first time i heard about loudness wars was when rush came out with a horrific master of one of their albums, done by the artists themselves and hyped to heaves. it not only had almost non-existent dynamic range, but it also clipped all to hell. i've been extremely skeptical of any claims of superior sound quality ever since, especially coming from artists who should know better. if you look at the dr database you can see a huge variation in the dr of their albums: http://dr.loudness-war.info/album/list…
any word on when they are going to put out more colors i've seen pictures of the blue one would love a purple one
i believe dmn assumed (incorrectly) that mp3gain normalizes the tracks, or he doesn't know there's a difference between normalizing and what mp3gain does. it is an understandable and common misunderstanding. you are right on what what replaygain and mp3gain does. i don't know if there is a similar option/flag for flacs, as i'm only familiar with mp3gain for mp3s and aacs. as to how some songs are meant to played at lower volume, that's what album gain option in mp3gain is for. it changes the volume of the entire album so that they are on average at the designated volume, but each track can vary quite a bit from the average. that way the quiet songs remain relatively quiet, for example. this is used for most albums. track gain option changes each track independently, and does kill the volume variation between tracks. this is useful for compilation albums, or random assortment of tracks. but again, it does not change the volume within the song - that would be normalizing, and undesirable for most of us. i'm sure mr young would approve of mp3gain since it doesn't normalize the music, and retains volume variation with album gain setting.
@thomas pattison - i'm in australia too and i've been converting my existing hi res music from sacd, blu-ray, dvd-a and dvd-v to flac ready to load onto my pono when it arrives. hopefully the pono store will be available here too but i have plenty of good music to keep me going if it isn't. i've also been looking at the dr database and found quite a few of my eighties original release cds have the best mastering listed and converting to flac (these sound great too!). the dr loudness war was at its peak in the late nineties and throughout 2000's. many of those branded 'remastered' from later years sound worse than the original releases. find your favourite music and seek the best available based on the dr and you are on the way to better sound. it's quite possible not all your favourites will be released initially on pono anyway.
@treatise  dmn asked about normalizing volume on flac files or any music files will degrade them. replaygain or mp3s software does not change the file from what i understand they put information in the file tag that changes the gain of the playback the question that needs to be asked is will the pono player read those tags the other thing you should consider is some songs are meant to be played at a lower volume when you increase the volume to me they do not sound natural i've tried several times to use something to normalize volume they generally speaking sound unnatural and make the music sound like crap even a good disk jockey does not try to put all music at the same volume he judges the music and what the people want to hear i still say don't do it that is not what neil wants you to hear
@tjc mp3gain doesn't normalize music - which is indeed bad, and is done to most music in mastering, unfortunately. it adjusts the relative volume of each song or album to be the same, so that there are no huge variations in volume between songs and albums. it is non-destructive, and reversible. @dmn good question, this looks promising: http://wiki.hydrogenaudio.org/index.php…
@dennis lane - thanks! and i support your idea for the listening party too :)
great to get to this milestone, i live in australia will i be able to buy pono music in the states or uk and have it sent to aus or just be patient. hope the production schedule is on track as even with the 2 preloaded albums it should be a good experience
@pearl jam it's tough times for most of us, no matter where in the world we find ourselves, so getting this player and backing neil is a treat. we are changing the way music gets listened too. and wishing you the happiest of birthday's in oct....great gift.
wouldn't it be great if neil had a random draw from backers, and a winner from each listening party was allowed to attend....free.
@dennis lane - exactly my justification! and my birthday is in october so it's a present to myself! which happens to fall on the anniversary of pj's first show (october 22, 1990) so that's kind of a nerdy coincidence :)
@pearl jam, thanks, i appreciate it.
by the time you get the pono it will be paid off.
i hear you. $400 is a stretch for me too...oh well!
if i went to the listening party....all i would hear is my wallet crying.
if i had $5,000 i would be there in chicago. i almost don't have $400 for the pono, haha.
someone just dropped one of the long sold-out listening parties...now available...
@ron thomas - hahah, uh ok...i'll do my best :)
i second jeff beck...."live from sonny's".
how about jeff beck?
how about releasing the eagles in celebration of 5 mil.
and so on.
5 mil is worth releasing led zeppelin, tull, the knack, b52's....ans so on.
@pearl jam, let me no when ny le comes available.     thanks
they should release the dylan or springsteen pono to celebrate 5 m!
csn available...
@dmn normalizing volume will  degrade the music exactly what ny is fighting please dont do it if you want what this is all about
@pono rolling out some sneak perks of a lot of the band les on twitter right now. updated pearl jam, rchp, metallica, and foo fighters. looking great!
congratulations ponomusic team on another big milestone.  here's to continued success in furthering the music experience.
does anyone know anything about normalizing volume on flac files without resulting in a loss of data? i use mp3gain to normalize all my mp3s to 89 db, and would love to do the same if i switch to flac.
here's a special thanks to all of our wonderful supporters on kickstarter.  we reached yet another milestone:  $5m. your incredible support motivates us to work even harder to make ponomusic everything you hope for it to be. with our love & gratitude, the ponomusic team
treatise, if they've been holding back some big names like bruce & dylan,that # is certainly reachable!
*final
my bet is on 8-10m finaly pledge amount.
woohoo 5m!!!
@gary craig i'm not familiar with rush. i did a google on mr.greg sage and he appears to be (have been?) a character: http://tapeop.com/articles/bonus/greg-sage-zeno-studios-and-wipers/ given his history he was no doubt a big part of the evolution to the pono! all the best for now. heading out:-)
@kinch maybe that guy went public with his unique pono cause hes a rush fan....you know, all the worlds a ( gregg) sage
in all fairness, the guys are head-fi are taking the right attitude to pono. most are recognising that assuming all works out, we'll be getting good value in our ponos and that the ponomusic idea of getting well-mastered real high-res music out there is good for the business.
ouch. have a look at this one though. it's a classic: http://www.head-fi.org/t/629454/pono-neil-youngs-portable-hi-res-music-player/525#post_10399150
watching a fake john bonham signature sell on ebay just now. this is the 3rd or 4th this woman has sold, all fake. why do people fall for this??
@ kinch ...even in her absence she is the boss. you better believe it, ( i know i do!).!
yellow up...
@gary craig congrats to the boss on her promotion:-)
for anyone who wants to get going with .flac music now, not to mind playing pretty well most other formats, i recommend a raspberry pi together with the newly released wolfson dac. rip your cds to a hard disk using dbpoweramp then go to www.squeezeplug.de and download squeezeplug 7.00. upgrade it to version 7.06, follow then instructions and you're up and running for less than €100.00
the marquee takes about 5,000. if he brings yours, he can bring mine with it:-) the company manufacturing the ponoplayer are based here in cork. unfortunately they are having them made some distance away:-)
@ kinch saw csn last year in glasgow. definitely the best i have ever seen them. awesome set too. they just jelled.
@kinch you know its tipping me over since my wife phoned me a couple of hours ago to tell me she got a promotion. now, ticketmaster.... how many does marquee hold by the way ?? ...and will neil bring my pono over in his luggage?
definitely. i've sen csny here, also neil and crazy horse, james taylor and more. never thought for a minute they'd make it to cork:-) bob dylan, robert plant, tom jones, cliff richard, dolly parton, imelda may and elbow and others are here this summer.
@kinch was so tempted for tom petty last year in cork. only lack of funds stopped me for neil this time....then again, so tempting. my earnings are so erratic. take it u are set for this?
@peter b. playing harvest moon right now, with old ways to follow.
@gary craig live at the marquee tickets and event dates   jul  10 thu neil young & crazy horse 20:00 http://www.ticketmaster.ie/live-at-the-marquee-tickets-cork/venue/197770#focus_event_table
$5 million big ones! how very cool and exciting! way to go, every one! think i'm gonna crank up some harvest moon to celebrate :-)
@kinch you being from cork, you wouldn't be a rory man would you?
@kinch finishes at 3.00am. looks like a late one tonight then.
@kinch i take it you mean my request earlier? will listen into this. i was on the barrier for this one. only scottish concert i don't have on cd.
the man asked for neil and crazy horse at glasgow: rust radio says hi: 18:34	1999-05-01	 chicago, il (neil young) 20:36	1996-04-09	 princeton-by-the-sea, ca (neil young w/ crazy horse) 22:35	1978-05-24	 san francisco, ca (neil young) 23:43	2013-06-13	 glasgow, scotland (neil young w/ crazy horse) 03:09	1999-03-02	 vancouver, british columbia, canada (neil young)
where are the doomsday people now. the people speak. neil is his name and the command!
i nice milestone, still a long way to go!
crazy
go neil. another landmark $5million raised
almost @ 5 million raised! nice start :)
2 more ponos and we break $5million
whoops last post @alexander
soundgarden  fyi  has  a great concert on the itunes  festival , watched it the day.
beatles have been likely all along. it's been possible to buy a 24/48 usb 'apple' for several years now. so the source material is already done.
c'mon pono the wondrous canadians leonard cohen and joni mitchell need to have their artist signature series ponoplayers now!
still waiting for bruce!
hoping to see nin and soundgarden.
beatles yea yea yea!
based on neil's latest update, it would appear that the beatles catalog will indeed be on pono!!!! thank you neil!!!!
@ edward nuijen re neils comment 'hail, hail freedonia. land of the brave and free!!'...'.even groucho marx has got it, soul...'
one foo available...
one foo fighters just came up
sorry, i did not write the last comment, but i copied it for all those to see who did not check their mail
here we are at the halfway point. my experience here at kickstarter has been life changing. after banging my head against the walls of venture capitalism for almost three years, dealing with business experts who didn’t understand what we were trying to accomplish; rescue the art of recorded sound and make great music available into the future, i found you people. you are the ones who understand what this is. you have proven it with your amazing support. when we blew through our goal and actually doubled it on the first day, you changed my life. i will never forget that. this is just the beginning of a long road towards our goal of rescuing the music, all of it, from cab calloway to sinatra, the beatles and rolling stones, to nirvana and patti smith, to jay z and rihanna, and beyond. all of this music is the world’s history, the cultural creations of artists since the beginning of recorded sound. now it can be preserved, if we do our job right, for future generations to hear and feel, not just recognize. we are working now with rap and r&b music sources as well as country music and classical, in an effort to show you how great all music can and will sound with pono. thanks for your help. we are very grateful for it. obviously we can’t do this without you. neil young pono
bye
get a new hobby, no one is cares
@dan no stretch goals have been announced. i'd still like an aluminum or titanium chassis. pono has repeatedly said that metallic chassis is not "conducive" to audio quality, but it is conducive to better looks, more solid feel, and longevity.
moyes -> man.u was the best transfer everton ever did :) liverpool have city and chelsea at home. 6pts there will seal it. arsenal sure missed out on suiarez
@rich. moyes is beginning to look a bit lost, which is sad as he seems a good guy to me. wenger is surely as safe as houses. liverpool's title next year!
they have birmingham at 4.04 pm uk time.....would have liked glasgow, but beggars and choosers..
for anyone interested , neils show from newcastle uk from last year is playing on rust just now. tune in. keep on rocking is playing now.
has anyone heard about the stretch goal planned
looking forward to our next milestones: 15,000 backers and $5 million! spread the word!
@pono any more info on when you will put up pledges for the blue pono as it will match the interior of my car better than the black or yellow one and nice in the pictures
....another milestone coming up in $7.5k. its 350,000 new pledges in last 7 days.
@bastian people may complain about price but i actually think the price on this is to low for the technology that is should deliver. i have been listening to high quality flacs for many years have never bought music from itunes  i am also looking to rip all of my vinyl and reel to reel tapes and am backing the coronet3 project that will allow me to do that. that project is 650 much more in line with the price point i am wanting to spend for just a phone amp. i really would of put the pono price around 1500 and like you would of backed it.  is is a buisness in the end and the money will come from the sales of the music at 20 25 bucks not from the sale of the pono. will it change the industry lets hope. i truly believe that most music is master recorded already great. but what is delivered is mastered down. due to the consumer preference of small convenient to carry music. so the music industry accommodated by making the music files smaller.  so to release the better sound some music must be remastered and the larger files released. i am fine with ripping vinyl reel tapes and free music from internet archive.
@geoffrey alderson  here is some info on the headphones and ohms and amp power glad that they verified it would work. bet those sound good http://nwavguy.blogspot.com/2011/02/headphone-impedance-explained.html
off to watch who gets sacked first? moyes or wenger :)
@treatise, wake up.
@ian something about how you put yourself in the frame, in that last post, is truly touching (oof, there are some terms which have become tarnished but i mean that in the purest, most complimentary sense). thank you for being so open on here. i am happy in the story (as you put it) but i am happy for those not buying/in the story to be here too.  i have been in too many stories where the demand that each conform to the 'enlightened' view. it is when that view is challenged that one of two things become apparent: 1) the challenger is wrong, 2) our view was wrong.  2 is rarer than 1, but 2 is awesome when it happens :)
@richheart there is a principle at play in what you say. is called the conant ashby theorem and it points out that it is only by making your mental model of what you think is going on explicit can it be examined and improved. comes from the world of cybernetics. we can be at different places on the chasm in terms of our buying patterns. we can be very pragmatic at work and visionary in aspects of our lives. i am already a hi res user and so am past the visionary stage for that story, but i totally buy the story that neil is providing for us and it is that vision that i am buying - and that is not just about technology - that is just an enabler. i teach story telling sometimes, and the line i like to use is that you know when you have bought a story when you want to be in it. i have bought the pono story and i do indeed want to be in it. those in this ks campaign are now part of the story. those who do not buy the story should stay out of the story i reckon. they have a different story and in the main it is one that i do not buy. also tvs., walkmen and the like. flat screen tv is a continuous innovation - you don't have to change your behaviour at all to get the benefit. in the early days of walkmen, we (well, i speak only for myself) felt a right prat walking about with headphones on in public. i mean, it just wasn't the done thing. but if i did not change my behaviour, i did not get the benefit. and the behavioural change needed was worth the benefit. well it was for me anyway. and for morita (i think that name is right) it was something he could never repeat. well, maybe trinitron. when i heard moore first explain the chasm stuff i had just been through a disaster of huge success to failure. we understood the technology really well (electronic publishing) and we went from darling of the market to bust in a few months. wasn't nice and nobody could explain why - we did everything right. as moore spoke, i had cold chills. he could have used my experience as a case study. his story, of the chasm and the colourful creatures that inhabit that world (he is a great story teller), made sense of my world of fast moving technologies and the like. and it still does. i put in a previous post that the fact that john hamm understands this stuff and is a friend or moore, gives me huge confidence. as it should for everyone here. without knowing that connection, i had looked through pono with the chasm lens (and a fair few others too) and decided that its odds for success were good enough for me to join in. in truth i would have like to see it do what it is doing now a little earlier, but hey.
we can really make a difference on the pledge amounts...and already have!  by tweeting, retweeting, fbooking and linking artist & media on fb to pono and or using twitter.  there is a lot of folks that just don't know...including a lot of great artist.  we can also create buzz on the youtube pono videos/interviews.  even if you are skeptical or even don't support/short the pos, get in on the conversation...the more the better! if the shorts arguments hold water then the pledges go down, if not then they go up!  let the chips fall where they may!  the one thing 99.9997% of us agree on is we want quality in our music. :)
@ian sometimes i am with the innovators (sony walkman, cd, mobile phone) sometimes with the big market (flat screen tv).  if i understand you, most ks backers are visionaries, some look at it with the conviction of innovators, some are pulled from the chasm.  i loved my walkman, my roommate hated it (in 1980), he envisioned people sitting on buses, cocooned in their own world, oblivious to those around them. he saw it as the fore-runner of a society of sociopaths. he had better vision than i :) in a conversation, i like nothing  better than to be shown where i am wrong. if i am right, i learn less.
@ ian kendrick it is so nice to read your articulate posts, cogently argued & backed up with good references. nice to see you are also from my neck of the woods - cheers!
as i wrote the pervious post, the third edition of crossing the chasm dropped through the letter box. http://www.amazon.co.uk/crossing-chasm-3rd-edition-disruptive/dp/0062292986/ref=sr_1_1…
hi all. i am now getting very bored, as are others, with the "i'm right and you're all wrong' posts on here. this post is to lay out why. the reason that i mentioned people like geoffrey moore and crossing the chasm is that it looks at how innovations come to be successful, or not. and which of the competing technologies/innovations gets to be the winner and why. it is based in part on work by everett rogers in the 1950s, but updated a lot for the way we operate these days. the critical thing that it points out is that we buy for different reasons and at different times. innovators want to get in on the act very early - they will take the risk and like to be associated with new things as they appear. visionaries come next - they buy because as far as they are concerned, the innovation they are backing is a winner and they will be proven right, in time. then comes the chasm. so called because this is the gap between those who buy for the previous reasons and those who want proven value and track record before they will part with a penny. or a cent. they will buy only when their risk is reduced to the point where there is no risk. and they want everything that goes with the innovation, not just the innovation itself. the big market comes next, where it is just a war between players slugging it out. and price is the thing. and the market says what it will accept and what it won't. moore names around 15 different types of innovation, but the primary distinction is between a continuous and a discontinuous innovation. with the former you don't need to change anything at all to get the benefit, with the latter, you need to change your behaviour to get the benefit. with hi res, you'll need a different player than the ones that just play the stuff that came before. to succeed you need to offer what moore calls a whole product - the minimum set of products and services to satisfy a specific need. hence pono is an ecosystem designed to answer an unmet need of music that sounds like music, and a connection with the artist. we will not all buy at the same time. kickstarter is not for stuff that is already across the chasm. it is for ideas that innovators and visionaries think is worth backing because they want to see it in the world. pragmatists, the post chasm folk, will wait until the visionaries have proven, without doubt, that it is worth spending their cash on this new thing - whatever it is. there are lots more lessons from moore's (and christensen's) work but one of the key ones is that the pre and post chasm folk don't get on with each other. they don't trust each other, each thinks the other is foolish. there is a whole load more i could say, but this post is long enough already. i am a pre-chasm guy for a lot of the time and have built chasm crossing strategies with many teams over the years. but i am only just a pre chasm bloke. i don't come in super early, i will wait to see whether i think that the innovation in question is going to make it. i don't want to be like the real early adopters who have cupboard loads of stuff that looked great to them but didn't go anywhere. visionaries pride themselves on their ability to see what is likely to win and what is not. if you don't line up with that, what are you here for? why? to try to persuade us that we are all foolish people. i don't want to be called a lemming by anyone thank you very much. i have my track record of being right about stuff a lot of the time, for a very long time. insulting me is not the way to get my attention. this forum is, as i understand it, for people who are backing the project, not for those who want to damage it and try to prevent it happening. this is pre chasm land - the product isn't finished. either get with that or let us who are with it support it. you can have your satisfaction alter if the rest of us are all proven to be wrong.
what interconnects are people thinking of using?
@henry +1 i am registered blind (have minimal vision). i wholeheartedly agree
@tjc, pono team... actually donation to the blind is a really really good idea... having just come out of 24 months of blindness [ not kidding ] !!! i was blind in both eyes !!! just not "total blindness" i regained my full 20/20 sight about three weeks ago... going on my first month ( you should see the stars in the heavens over here in hawaii at night - breathtaking ) so back to why donating to the blind is a great idea ! because human senses are enhanced with the loss of any one of them - blindness increases hearing acuity :) so making this point here tjc & you should restrain your banter a bit grasshopper - just saying - so making the point brings up my question / request for pono programing team "programers please add audio navigation sounds to the touch screen / on off switches / volume controls as optional to allow navigation of the pono as both visual and audible message controls" k ? blindness really really s u c k s / getting it back & seeing better than before i went blind is a freaking miracle for me ... they removed stuff inside my eye balls and inserted iol "plastic uv blue lenses inside my eye balls" in hawaii !!!  working in chicago at the victory gardens theatre access project with a blind playwright taught me a ton about the spacial depth of a blind person [ lifelong ] ... it is a very tricky world without sight so... i know this has already come up in r&d pono but we lucky folk can just accept life the way things are sometimes without thinking it through... :)peace
@bryn griffith the october availabilty is exhausted. december is still open: pledge $300 or more 311 backers  limited (1689 left of 2000) yellow ponoplayer – first edition. savings of $99 off $399 retail value. plus: website thanks. estimated delivery: dec 2014 add $15 usd to ship outside the us pledge $300 or more 383 backers  limited (2617 left of 3000) black ponoplayer – first edition. savings of $99 off $399 retail value. plus: website thanks. estimated delivery: dec 2014 add $15 usd to ship outside the us
i for one have been looking forward to pono since i first heard about this project on a clip circulating on the internet a couple of years ago now, from the letterman show.  just neil's passion, tone and the look in his eyes when he spoke about highway 61 revisited from the original studio master was enough for me to want this.  even more so when it finally came to light on kickstarter and how it was described as a whole ecosystem rather than just a high quality player. i have toyed with the idea of an ipod, imod, cowon, a&k considered the possibility of a graham slee voyager amp etc etc and nothing quite ticked enough or all of the boxes in terms a cost, convenience and my perceived value.  with pono i can listen to all of my existing files and also get some remastered files at the best quality available.  the debate at this stage over the science of sampling rates, player specs, potential cost of music, cost of the player, the duty i will have to pay..... falls by the wayside.  i'm just looking forward to getting the player after the final rounds of product development and testing then finally hearing it for the first as well as anticipating the availability of more high quality music on the ponomusic store than i can currently get access to.
some of the "backers" on here have a very odd way of showing support.
i wonder why no further pledges for the black and yellow ponos are being accepted? you'd think a successful revenue stream like that would be kept open, but maybe there is a worry about being able deliver the quantities already pledged within an acceptable time frame (presumably october)
community of ponopeople.. visit us @ www.ponopeople.org
@tjc the point was that i suspect that a lot of the complaining ultimately has to do with the price of the player and the music. i find it hard to believe that people would complain if the player cost $100, and the music $1 a track. instead of looking at it that way, i encourage people to look at it the way, that if they pay the money now, then later both themselves and other are going to have the option of going to their local electronics store, and then being able to pay $100 for a good quality portable music player, and $1 a track, even in the best possible quality. so no need to be sarcastic...
it would also mean that if you got #479 of 479, you would be the very last one in the door. rather more special than #479 of 500, when 21 were left in a warehouse.
@tjc hence the question. why not #3 of 3 for kenny rogers?  suddenly another 45 backers would plough in.
@bastain  thank you for the television
@richheart  i don't think the 10 will be valuable if it says 10 of 500 but if it said 10 of 10 then the value would sky rocket my bet is they will give the limited edition left overs to their cronies free or use them as sales samples that would not be unusual in marketing sales operations but obviously defeats limited to backers only. maybe they can donate them to like a school the school for blind and deaf people as an example
@richheart you say: "the issue is not hi-res vs. cd but authenticity vs. dynamic compression." unfortunately pono player can't help with that. if mastering is done to minimize dynamic range for "better" (read: louder) radio play - like pretty much all popular music these days -, there is no way any technical means can bring that dynamic range back. the only solution is re-mastering, which costs money, and i'm afraid is unlikely to happen in many cases.
@pono. re: l.e.s. please tell us what happens to the remainder of the 500 not pledged for on kickstarter? are these sold through the web-site later? if you limit the l.e. to this campaign, you may end up with higher commitment and pledging. if for example, band 'x" is only pledged for by 10 people, the 10 l.e. will become very valuable. that will persuade (perhaps) another 25 people to pledge for it.
okay, so every time i wake up in the morning, i see 8 - 12 hours worth of fighting and bickering... when the first hd-ready flat screen tv's started showing in stores, i went out and bought a 26" tv for $3000 on sale from $4500. a lot of people thought i was insane, why didn't i just buy an ordinary tv, since i wouldn't be able to see hd content for a long time, if ever during the tv's lifetime? because i knew that if i paid the money, then the tv's would start dropping in price, and then everyone would have an hd tv, and then the content would start to come. now you can get a 26" hd tv for $200, most people now have a hd tv, and there's content for it, i was right. why am i paying $300 dollar for a ponoplayer + shipping + taxes and i don't know what...? because i believe the same thing is going to happen to music. right now a lot of people might be laughing, and questioning the wiseness of my decisions, but what about 5 years from now? to me it's not about the ponoplayer, it's not even about the ponomusic store. it's about being able to walk into an electronics store 5 years from now, and seeing good music players from all the major companies, and being able to download good music from all the internet music stores. i'm not spending my money on a portable music player. i'm spending my money on being able to choose between a wide variety of good quality music players in the future, and a wide variety of stores offering lossless music.
reading on the ponopeople, faq list, pono are quoted as saying: "the comparison that is most interesting and most dramatic is when an authentic mp3 file on a non-pono device (most listening occurring today) is compared to a cd-quality or higher-res file on a the player." i note that cd and hi-res are grouped as both sounding great on a pono player.  this has been raised many times on here and i think pono themselves put to rest the argument. the issue is not hi-res vs. cd but authenticity vs. dynamic compression. as i have said all along, when we hear, we will be able to tell. pono are saying, up front, with the pono player, we will be able to tell. those who believe it, will pledge. frankly, as promises go, it does sound rather believable. the risk ($300 or $400) is rather low considering we will get an ayre dac driven player. i think the discussion on here is healthy. no need to mud-sling or censor. i have felt differently at different points in this dialogue. that is healthy. to maintain a constant stance, if the light of significant comments, is proof of what exactly?
@ pono music team:   well said, thank you for responding. @ treatise: if you want to back the project (which is what this site is about), please have some patience and stop demanding information. if you insist on double-blind testing before buying, withdraw from the project because it's not going to happen (as explained by the last ponomusic post).     wait until the player is available for retail sale and you can conduct your own listening tests (although it will cost you more money) that's the choice you have.
@creator. hopefully your reply will have put some cynicism to bed - for a while! i kind of thought this was a forum for supporters.
@creator - perfectly said, thanks. myself and thousands of others have faith in this project and the people behind it. we've  been trying to help get the word out as well. i am shocked that some of the les have not sold out yet. i think pono is missing a presence on bands' forums. once the buzz started on the pearl jam forum, for instance, there was no stopping it (though pj fans are notoriously insane). seventeen days is still quite awhile. looking forward to seeing how far we get!
well said, ponomusic team! good job for noticing that some people will never be satisfied. if you published everything and gave them everything they wanted, they wouldn't buy the device. stop interacting with the trolls and they will go away. they only have the power we give them :-) peace and love to you all this beautiful sunday. i hope your weather and life is treating you well.
@creator the three items you list as reasons for not providing specs at this time are good and reasonable, and i apprecite the honesty here. for the record i'm not one of the people requiring specs. all i am saying that suggestion is a powerful thing. there doesn't necessarily have to be any conspiracy or money exchanging hands for that to result in skewed listening test testimonials. a blinded listening test would silence those critics. if you don't have the resources to pull it off with a wide variety of people, i'm sure some independent writers or bloggers in the industry with experience in abx listening tests would be thrilled. hell, pick even some of your advocates - in a properly set up double blind listening it doesn't matter how pro-pono they are, the results will still be valid!
and no one needs to be acting - suggestion and expectations kill objective assessment. as me and many others have said previously, double blind listening testing is the only valid way to test the player.
it boggles the mind that those who ask for specs on an unproven product which only has celebrity endorsements and no independent tests are called trolls. i understand some have blind faith in mr young, but many don't.
@the ponomusic team - well said. looking forward to my pono!
i said it 3 days in & i'll say it again... @ivan charodei is a troll, sadly popular kickstarters get them.
@ pono creator - agree and well said.
@ivan charodei you are certainly entitled to your opinion and are very much free not to pledge to this campaign.  you are just as free as the dozens of artists on our video were to say anything they wanted after hearing our music.  if you truly believe that we could manage to coerce a positive reaction from all these world-renowned musicians, whose word is their reputation, and that they are all academy award winning actors able to fake their emotions on camera, then you will find yourself standing on the wrong side of history when the players finally hit the market. as far as specs go, remember that you are not purchasing a product from an well-established manufacturer here ... on kickstarter.  kickstarter is not a storefront.  it's a donation-based crowd funding platform.  if you require specs to put your money down then by all means please wait until the specs are available once the product hits the market. the main reasons we are not providing specs on kickstarter are the following: 1)  because we are continuing to improve the product design and the design is not final.  as you can see in "risks and challenges", we have stated very clearly that:  "we now need to complete the final iteration of the design, conduct extensive testing of the player, develop and test our online ponomusic.com store, and move into production." 2)  unlike many other kickstarter campaigns, ours is under heavy scrutiny by everyone including our competitors.  we are not under their radars like most of the ks campaigns.  we are very much right in the middle of their radars.  so putting out specs here takes away our competitive edge before the product even hits the market. 3) we don't believe that people like you who require specs to back our campaign would in fact do so even if we were to provide the most detailed specs.  it's just a red herring. so by all means exercise your right not to back the campaign but please do not belittle others for backing the campaign based on faith in neil, faith in the dozens of artists who support us, faith in charlie hansen and ayre accoustics, faith in the ponomusic team.  it is not blind faith our supporters have.  it's faith in the honor and passion of the people involved in the project who collectively want to help revive the soul of music.  anyone who remotely knows neil knows that he would never put his name and impeccable reputation at risk just to raise money on kickstarter.
i am starting to notice things in the shape of a pono player!  wait a minute, did neil see this charlie brown christmas tree box at walgreens back then and decide...thats cool, shape pono like that :)  http://www.ebay.com/itm/the-original-musical-charlie-brown-christmas-tree-new-in-box-/251484577874
@peace, https://m.youtube.com/watch…
@ dennis - me too, big time. hope you have a good night too. cheers.
@jdc especially for you....i wish pono surpasses your expectations or reservations.
@creator i think pono would be a good opportunity to make unreleased songs from the artists accessible for the listeners. i'm thinking about beck and his "k records 2" and his thousand of songs that we know about but never listened to
@ dennis - i am with you not against you. but remember people are allowed to discuss the specifics of pono and yes sometimes people may speak about pono in a negative light. @ henry - well said.
i will try. :)
@dennis, jdc supports neil too ! lets all tick together on this :) peace
have a good night everyone.
thanks henry, i do.
i think neil can make applesauce out of them.
@dennis, if you support neil we support you dennis ... simple as that ! peace :)
@ dennis - apple rakes in $7b a year in music sales alone. do you think pono could rock that cart? i think neil is a wonderful person who has written some of the best songs in modern history. i hope neil and his vision overtakes apple.
i'm really tired of those who will say they support pono and than tear it down....go somewhere else...somewhere where your opinion actually matters.
people came here to celebrate neil and his vision, wanting a better standard of music, but low life's could not stand the fact that he may upset the apple cart. i say good riddance to them and you.
@ dennis - come on man, people are just talking, putting ideas out there. i am looking forward to the pono.
@jdc look around, if you do not see the trolls, you may be one yourself.
@ dennis - what corruption? what negativism? nothing wrong with healthy discussion.
many are getting very tired of negativism if not  corruption. most are here to support but hide under the guise of skepticism. which is ok if we become enlightened as opposed to extinguished by them.
@ dennis - what trolls are you referring to? no one here is trolling as you put it.
@the ponomusic team wow, if the player itself can power 600ohm headphones on the go on it's own without an amp that's pretty impressive
@ geoffrey alderson any idea when trolls will be released from this site?
@shawn garner the le players have laser engraved signatures on them and are not hand autographed by the artists.
@geoffrey alderson: yes. the better the headphones the better the sound. we've used the player with a wide variety of headphones.
i have a pair of 600 ohm beyer dynamic dt 990 premium headphones.  will the pono player by itself be able to drive these headphones in a portable fashion? thanks
@creator, ron couldn't of said it better ! new topic: has anyone collected all of the "pono artist series" offered here on kickstarter ? kinda curious "serious collectors" & "investment types" humm wonder what everything offered would have cost ? & no longer looking getting my ny pono cuz i got one of the first 500 :) but i think these guys still are looking ... https://m.youtube.com/watch…
@ ian.    it's the artist's fav  lps from their own catalog .
@creator, please have all negative postings removed, and monitored. it's unfortunate a few seek attention.
@gary craig....sleep well.
@dennis will keep everything crossed....and with that i am off to bed. hope tomorrow is as positive on here as most of today guys.
@gary craig you will. many will bail at the end realizing they have to pay for it, or realizing they cant pay for it, but a lot of movement will happen close to the end. good luck!
@gary thank you sir!
@ian its there own catalogue@ dennis have already lost a neil young to get the number 1 crazy horse. will get another neil at the end i hope.
as this kickstarter comes closer to its end, many more desirable le's will come up, just a matter of timing, not rocket science.
just looking for clarification from anyone that knows... concerning the artist signature series, are the artists choosing the 2 albums from their own catalogs or are they choosing from any of their favorite albums? thanks to anyone that can field this one!
@gary craig great expression.
@dennis happy with what i have, but i remember the aesop fable about the dog on the bridge holding the bone in its mouth, looking at its reflection in the water....know how it felt.
thanks @gary craig i'm over the harvest moon right now.:)
@dennis if i had got back to the pc a little earlier i would have scrapped you for the ny. congratulations though. no point in me being a sore loser!!
@ susan -  no
will bluetooth be compatible?
having ny and ny with crazy horse le is about all one could hope for.
true!
life is good when you have music around you.
ah, good switch
sorry @pearl jam...it was a switch  from another account, i had buffalo springfield.
@dennis - it was actually tom, but congrats again on the score.
thanks for the tip @pearl jam.
no, i got crazy horse too.
@dennis lane - nice, was that a switch?
yea i got it.
that was fast...
one neil young available.
@creator we need a clean up in isle 7.
silence.
you come here to support an idea, only to tear it down, because you misunderstood it, or because you were fools. we are waiting?
@ivan - if you can provide a link to a video showing a campaign where respected musicians are claiming that beats provides significantly superior sound quality, all claims of which went down the toilet upon release, then your example might make sense.
there are some who would have aborted any idea that went outside their parochial scope, i say leave them in peace in their community. let the electric lines bypass them so they may be content and in the dark.
@jdc  i'll take a "chill pill" while i wait for you to take your viagra. you seem to think you are more than you are. how sad.
@drew >people don't crash/burn if the valves in my tube amplifiers are matched properly. do not misinterpret my analogy. :) people burn = plane designed poorly. music sounds bad = dap designed poorly. @david stecklair >these are all people who have a deep understanding of recording technology and a love for music and the history of sound - they love what they heard, and could attest to the significant increase in quality and "feel". as neil said in his interview (with esquire, i believe) - no one told them what to say (which is ridiculous thought to begin with, "okay dave grohl, stand in front of the camera and smile and say pono sounds great!". oh my, so you don't remember beats celebrity marketing campaign? i strongly advice you to google it. :)
@tjc yes i came up with that before i saw the larger picture, namely bringing the music industry up by its boot straps. and that is a very good thing to do. i had my doubts, mostly through people like you. then i woke up. at the very least the pono will give us what we already suffer through, but at the most, it will reinstate a level of listening that few of this generation ever experienced.
@ivan. planes?  skyscrapers?   people don't crash/burn if the valves in my tube amplifiers are matched properly.  ever talk to any real high end audio designers?  high end audio is all about the basics -good power, clean signal pathways, great quality parts.  it's not for everyone.   there are also legions of people that love their bose wave radios - i'm just not one of them.
@dennis what about this comment you made?? who came up with artist signature series(ass)? i'm starting to think of bailing from my pledge because the more i read the less i think this will be much different from anything else out there. it does not help when a lot of questions by many go unanswered. investors have a right to know exactly what they are getting before funds are taken. just my two cents.
@ dennis - take a chill pill. people are allowed to discuss.
i've glazed over some comments stating that the backers of this project just have a blind faith in neil. it's not just neil, and it's certainly not blind. for starters, take a look at the musicians in the promo videos who have been given an early listen - from old gray record execs to legends like stephen stills all the way to respectable modern day artists like mumord & sons and arcade fire. eddie vedder, sarah mclachlan, emmylou harris, tom petty - the list goes on - these are all people who have a deep understanding of recording technology and a love for music and the history of sound - they love what they heard, and could attest to the significant increase in quality and "feel". as neil said in his interview (with esquire, i believe) - no one told them what to say (which is ridiculous thought to begin with, "okay dave grohl, stand in front of the camera and smile and say pono sounds great!". so just to set the record straight - we're not just taking neil young at his word - we've also been inspired by the testimony of so many respected musicians and industry vets who are themselves excited about what pono will mean for the music industry.
@ drew.  agreed.  people forget that the astell and kern are plus 1000 units. i'm also a bit anxious to see how the market place pans out but in the meantime, the pono player will probably be the leader at its price point by a wide margin.
@ivan i find you particularly objectionable, you think that anything you can come up with is worth anyone's time. i got news for you, you are not worth mine. cheers!
thx tjc i'm good either way. i just want to get clarification from pono. this becomes even more valuable to me if each band member held it while making their one of a kind mark on it!
faith is something you feel, not examine under a microscope. i have followed neil young for a long time and believe that this is not just a cash cow, but a reawakening. i have hated the sound of cd's and now i have a way to make them better.
@dennis nice job btw, wiping out negative comments so that others won't see them. free labour as it is. :d
@shawn garner  think they are laser etched
@jdc agree this is not a loser just short on specs i have two account that i have backed pono as they don't allow doubles  not sure if you saw the coronet3 project bit more expense than pono but high end audio if people are interested they even have specs
@creator we really need a moderator to get rid of the trolls, they have nothing to contribute, they only take up space.
thank you @drew.
@creator are the limited edition players each hand signed by the band members or are they facsimile autographs where all players signatures will look alike? a lot of people are wondering. please answer creator thx
since when discussing problematic issues is trolling? you surely sound like a sectant. @drew, "high end audio is not spec driven" - oh wow, intriguing. guess designing planes, building skyscrapers and oil mining is pure magic then. guess cypher of the matrix was right, "ignorance is bliss".
@jdc faith is a fleeting thing, either you have it , or it's gone. muddying the water is what happens everyday in the media, to the point where no one can decide. if you signed onto pono at least stand by. don't tear it from its limb before you have even heard it. it may just be the best thing since sliced bread.
@ dennis - i don't think this a loser, but i also don't see a problem in discussing specs/asking questions about what is being backed. @ pete - yep.
@creator when are trolls going to be dealt with?
i'm kind of amused to see the negative comments about the pono player criticizing a lack of specs.  high end audio is not spec driven - this isn't an ipod.  the internal shots of the prototype show almost high end  home audio grade power supplies, and we know it has a state-of-the-art dac chip.  the parts are larger than those squeezed into a flat unit - you can't have flat and have the power supply for headphones that this unit promises.  the "toblerone" is a clever compromise, certainly better than a larger box.  this is a ipod priced ayre acoustics portable music player.  at $400 that is a deal unto itself, never mind how the site works (though i'm anxious for that as well).   put the specs aside-open up any flat music player and compare it to those ponoplayer prototype shots.  try to find a power supply.  try to find any wiring that resembles a fine home audio component.  i can't help but think that if ayre unveiled this unit as their own, aimed at the a-k line, and priced it at $1,000, many of the naysayers would be salivating.  consumer behavior is fascinating.
so little time, so many trolls. you guys really need to get a life and leave those who support this effort alone. you take great pains to tear this project down, but you miss the fact that we may still believe in it. i for one am tired of you....please leave.
if you don't... why are you here ??? http://vimeo.com/73987775
their are those who become negative because of a circumstance, their are those who become negative because of fear, and their are those who become negative for profit. if you pledged you came here willfully, not through coercion, give the rest of us a break by not being burdened with your bs. leave, go away, find some other fly to pull the wings off of.
@ivan charodei @jdc well looks like dennis has his feathers ruffled  .......................... just saying
@jdc if you think this is a loser take your money and leave. there are many, some 14,681 who may think you are wrong.
wow, i did not realize their were so many trolls who could write. you state science and not art to condemn the pono, you must have missed many classes in the school of life. take a hike.
@ ponomusic team about 21 hours ago the same way you carry your mobile phone, except that it fist in the palm of your hand very comfortably and does not have a tendency to slip out of your fingers like many mobile phones do. usually my phone is clipped to my belt and use bluetooth or my etymotics earphones i don't hold the phone the whole time can you maybe consider a case to clip onto a belt, would also come in handy if say riding a bike or maybe riding horses. ill even pay extra if it was made to fit say out of leather
@ dennis - people have every right to ask questions about what they are backing with their hard earned cash. neil has been talking about this for years, people are curious.
@dragonbait, your words won't reach those who are already mislead by a team of professional marketologists. they have totally no idea what sort of device they are paying for, yet they are doing it. take other daps that are going to hit the market in 2014 - x5, dx90, ap100, calyx, sqdtech - every single manufacturer of these has provided the list of the components they are going to use, making sure they won't sell sansa-style soc player under a fancy hood.  but look back at the pono pledgers - what these people have is nothing but faith (!) in neil. well, they do not even question themeselves why should they believe all of this, they have trust not in numbers and measurements but in something abstract and transcendental, kind of funny when you remind yourself this is a high-tech startup, not a religious sect. :) @pete i asked the staff about tech specs from the very beginning of the pledging period, they responded only a week after and guess what? "no we have no specs, no measurements, we were developing the device for about 3 years and we still do not know which components we are going to use because this is not the final concept, but believe in us, believe in young!!! ah, and pledge some money please, we hope you will like pono." that's how things are done nowadays.
all better now just a reaction to a stupid phrase that is quite fittingly used by many lemmings from the urbandictionary just saying. a phrase used to indicate that we refuse to defend a claim we've made---in other words, that we refuse to offer reasons that what we've said is true.
@gary craig to many people with time on their hands pick apart even the best of inventions. while nothing new is being used in the hardware, something new is being introduced to the listener. choice.
@bastian  digital noise cancellation? that would completely destroy everything they have been preaching the purpose of this is to hear exactly what the musician want you to hear. if they did not want you to hear music they would have mixed it out. most any noise reduction systems take music out. please pono don't do this
don't want to rock or indeed sink the boat, but am so glad to be reading positive comments now. we went too long with end of the world is nigh merchants. pono is good...pono is good.. pono is etc.
we have had a lot of trolls in this forum, sort of like the police that were outside of woodstock, bring people down before they got the chance to experience the music. like a toll we have to go through, they are soon forgotten after the music plays.
@treatise this is by and large "it must be good project" you have to believe in it without facts yes i believe in good quality music but i also believe in good specs. i suspect that nothing said will change that. make the best of it keep asking the questions and every once in a while some get answered
@pete we all hope you don't puke...are you pregnant?
i have faith in neil and the crew he assembled around his idea. while many of us have listened to music, few have really experienced music, for far to long. those who grew up in the mp3 era are going to have a blast with pono. most never actually listened to an lp, so have little to reference real by. neil is about to give us all a gift, music better than even the oldest amongst us remembered. thanks neil.
i hope i don't puke .....just saying
pono...to go where no ears have gone before....just playing.
investing in pono is like investing in to the future so one can regain the past and present.
i'll take my le pono any way it's put out....the shell is just bling...it's the music that's important....just saying.
i definitely like the original le design better. the centered typed artist name doesn't look nice or artistic - and i wouldn't care if someone else doesn't know or can't read the signature. @peter i'd also like to hear more about how ponomusic is going to fight the good fight against loudness wars. they have stated that they will do quality control on the music which will be admitted to the pono store - but that is a very vague statement.
@gord honor...not a chance once they get their hands on the pono. :)
so excited about this project that i've ordered 2 - i want my music loving kids to hear what they've been missing from the bands they been listing to for years on mp3 and cd.....just hope they'll let me borrow them once in a while!
@douglas how cool would crazy horse logo be though.......
great to hear a band's name will feature on the le - but please please please where bands have long standing logos have these etched on to. i'm specifically referring to the foos, arcade fire and perhaps the pj versions.
hi pono i haven't seen anywhere whether or not the player features digital noise cancellation? since it's a portable player, i would very much like to see the feature added (and if possible, also with an option to turn it on and off).
only £89 in uk for new remastered zeppelin  limited edition. so, if they work through the catalogue that's 10 albums at £89, oh dear, 'sorry darling wife. but i bought you flowers.....'
dear pono! happy dynamic range day 2014! what is your take on the loudness wars? will you actively fight against it in your remasters of the original master tapes, or will you mix loud like many others? a stance would be encouraging!
i trust this project and neil 100% without a second thought! so happy for him to see this dream come true! excited for pono, can't wait!
l o u d n e s s w a r s - the hot white line - http://www.myvideo.de/watch/9195162/martin_garrix_animals_official_video_h music is f u n - my ears are w a x e d and ready to burn - how to build a better ... i love the future :)
@elizabeth toncic: yes all les will have the band/artist names. the picture posted was an early concept.
@creator   if pono is being led by someone who fully understands things like moore's technology adoption life cycle then i am massively encouraged. as should everyone here. i saw moore address a conference when he was writing crossing the chasm and i hired the chasm group to advise my and my company quite a few years ago and learned a huge amount from them and have applied the approach and now teach it and other leadership and innovation management stuff at business school in the uk. have just ordered the third edition of moore's book. i'll look into john's book too. say hi for me to john.
the ponomusic team has answered some questions we've submitted to them directly through ponopeople.org. check them out here!  http://ponopeople.org/viewtopic.php…
@gary craig: thank you gary. we won't let you down.
@creator my 'p*ss*ng in the wind' statement wasn't derogatory. i meant why do some  continually slag pono off and bring it down when we wont know until it hits our ears. was a little fed up of negative comments that were just a tad early. i was excited by pono at the beginning and, even with some doomsday comments, i remain so. don't believe neil will let us down. i know nothing of intricacies of what is in pono, but with his track record over 45 years i am confident neil has the team that does. quite happy to trust that. if that makes me a lemming then show me the cliff..........
pearl jam's le model doesn't have the band's name on it!
@jw ah... i see what you're saying.  i'm not partial to either design over the other.  i do prefer the sig to be 'level' and centered, makes it look less 'slap-dashed'... but then again an authentic signature would tend to have a slanted look about it anyway.  either way i'm happy with both.  they look great.
@kyle re le layout -- that's my point - the first mock up did *not* have printed artist name - and looked classier for it. i feel the new top-to-bottom alignment including printed name spoils the idiosyncratic uniqueness factor a tiny bit...
@david stecklair interesting thought though maybe dj music is too dynamically compressed to get any real benefit from hi res and my be why it sounds muddy when cranked.  "big" dynamic music like symphonic, metal, 70s rock, etc - that's where my ponos will be doing their heavy lifting :)
dig it; take delivery of a pono player in october, then immediately set out visiting any and every shop having demonstrator headphones to listen to. pretend...uh, i mean tell them that you're shopping for a holiday gift and you brought your own source material with which to audition the phones. tell me...when they see pono (and your expression of bliss), how will they resist asking for a listen? maybe some really attractive but curious customer will drift up to you. hey...hey there! creator? if i can get someone to mention me when they order their own pono player from pono music, you'll think of me, won't you? you know, the holidays, and we all love a bargain...
@jw yell - i wonder if this element of pono music will attract dj's. i've heard so many dj systems turn songs into a muddy mess once they crank it (not that the songs are very good to begin with). come to think of it, i wonder how many cheesy dj's out there have libraries made out of super compressed mp3's.
@jw i don't believe the artist name was printed at the top of the original mock ups
@treatise you can see them here...http://www.ponopeople.org/viewforum.php…
@treatise it was on the twitter feed @pono
@creator "zooming in on a photo is like raising the volume of your music." so true!! simply stated but often overlooked in debates about hi res - it's about what happens when you really crank it up,
@creator will there be a lock button so that we don't inadvertently change the volume or turn pono off? @jw where can i see the new le mockups?
think i prefer the first version le mock ups. artist signature on the left and edition number on tne right without printed artist name appearing at the top. it looks more classic, understated.
need to get mumford and sons on the band wagon!
@creator - perhaps this question cannot be answered until the player is further along in development, but i am curious if "extreme" grade microsd cards will yield any performance improvements or benefits when used in conjunction with pono? http://www.amazon.com/dp/b00dm1bdpk/ref=wl_it_dp_o_pc_ns_ttl… also, will pono be selling its own branded sd cards for expansion?
any chance of the pono player to support usb 3.0 to allow faster transfer of large 24/192 files?
a nych is available.
sometimes i switch from ny or gd music to audiobooks. so i wonder if i can play audible files with my pono.
@kinch: to take your analogy further. let's assume you don't print the photo and you have it as a soft copy. viewing a hi-res photo on a computer, you can zoom in on one aspect of the photo and see all the detail and nuances which were imperceptible before. with a low-res photo, there is a limit to how far you can zoom in before everything becomes fuzzy. zooming in on a photo is like raising the volume of your music. raising the volume of an mp3 past a certain point gives you a headache as everything turns into noise. raising the volume of a hi-res track on the ponoplayer just deeper immerses you into the music and provides even more detail and clarity.
@ian kendrick: ian. interestingly john hamm knows geoffrey moore very well. in fact, geoffrey moore wrote the foreword to john's book:  unusually excellent http://amzn.to/1dapows
@creator have anymore goodies in store for us today?  i mean it is friday after all.... and inching ever so close to $5mil
@gary craig: you're correct. but the point of kickstarter is to allow the community to support a project like this, which without their support would not have never seen the light of day. without our wonderful supporters who believe, even without having listened to the player, there would never be a player to listen to.  we truly appreciate all your support.
@gary: yes indeed. charlie hansen has provided us with the best of his amazing home audio technology but for the first time designed for a portable device. ayre accoustics has been an a phenomenal partner for us as charlie truly wants to bring high quality audio to the masses.  anyone who has any seed of doubt about how good the ponoplayer will be should check out ayre accoustics.
good times of old: quadrophenia, the lamb lies down on broadway, close to the edge, the trinity session, abraxas, apocalypse, astral weeks, the best of taste, blue, blue and sentimental, bookends, borboletta, buffalo springfield, cantate domino, dark side of the moon, days of future passed, disraeli gears, five bridges, foxtrot, give it up, gottle o' geer, jazz at the pawnshop, kate & anne mcgarrigle, the koln concert, last time around, meddle, moanin', mud slide slim & the blue horizon, naturally, really, running on empty, the best of sandy denny, snowflakes are dancing, streetlights, the city, the inner mounting flame, tupelo honey, weather report, white mansions
don't take the bait
by the way, a photograph is one time sample. steady state. fixed in time. digital music, when represented by such a 'snapshot' is called a sample. viewing a 4" by 8" photograph is akin to listening to a symphony orchestra frozen in time, but through a keyhole.
ayre acoustics (charles hansen) has a hand in the pono player. interviews and white papers available on the ayre acoustics website (links below) can explain why i know i will enjoy the pono player, no matter what files i'll listen to...even 192/24. http://www.ayre.com/insights.htm http://www.ayre.com/whitepapers.htm
community of ponopeople.. visit us @ www.ponopeople.org
@gary craig, no harm done as long as we're facing down-wind:-)
@kinch @dragonbait re what this will sound like, how good it will be. until we get our hands on one, to paraphrase ambulance blues, 'were only p*ss*ng in the wind, we don't know but we are'....wonder who wrote that...?
to hear some interesting music monday-friday 1400-1600 utc listen to http://www.rte.ie/lyricfm/the-john-kelly-ensemble// john kelly just played some music by dobrinka tabakova from an album called string paths, released on ecm. lovely stuff.
@ dragonbait i can't see infra red but i can feel it. maybe hearing is not  all about ears: http://www.npr.org/2013/03/09/173911147/orchestra-helps-deaf-feel-its-music
...and black sabbath model....
@kinch  research tells him that miles davis is, in fact, louis armstrong.
@creator @pono please consider london grammar for an artist signature series. they're very pleasant and interesting to listen to, and are about to embark on a u.s. tour http://www.londongrammar.com/home/
pretty please.. a pink floyd-members, deep purple, jethro tull model.... please..... aaaaaaaa...
well done @dragonbait. you gave it your best shot. a prophet in his own land etc. i accept you tried to save me from my own foolishness, but i refused to listen to you, preferring instead to wait to listen to the yet unheard. mea culpa, mea culpa, mea maxima culpa. rest easy. better still go and listen to some kind of blue or whatever turns you on other than argument.. you'll be pleased to know than i've finished taking part in this conversation:-)
can pono display russian characters?
@kinch ok, let me put my description in a slightly more accurate way. you are paying for a photo on special paper where the photo gives off more than the visible part of the electro magnetic spectrum. you are paying extra for a photograph that is giving off the radio waves and microwaves and xrays that entered the camera as well as the visible light. unless you are superman your eyes can't see any difference between the 2 photos at all. *sigh* i can't be bothered any more, if people want to be believe lies and refuse to believe the facts and refuse to do their own research then screw'em it's their money. think i'll bring out a device that claims to play 64/256 and charge $1000, there are enough lemmings around who will buy it because it has bigger numbers and must be better and will defend it to the hilt saying its better, just listen to it! i can probably sell them some $100 hdmi cables to go with it. http://people.xiph.org/~xiphmont/demo/neil-young.html http://xiph.org/video/vid2.shtml http://www.head-fi.org/t/415361/24bit-vs-16bit-the-myth-exploded http://www.computeraudiophile.com/blogs/mitchco/16-44-vs-24-192-experiment-163/
portugal the man le has been added
@ian: i`m really interested in this topic and read a lot about it the last days. a lot of good ideas got lost in time due to some really strange reasons, starting from bad pr and such avoidable stuff. -.-
@claudia there is a lot of information about why some technologies make it and some don't. geoffrey moore and crossing the chasm is a good starting point, as is clayton christensen's disruptive innovation approach described in the innovator's dilemma. the patterns are well understood. apple knows about all of that stuff and i have looked at what pono is doing through these and other innovation approaches. they come out well.  welcome to my world ;o)
i do recall that an ex gf had a teacher at school, whom they called: "master baits"
i'm sorry - i wasn't aware of you can have a last name bait. anyway - i don't have to know the first name.
not to be dismissive but dragons last name is bait. backers are along for the ride no matter where it leads and neil is at the wheel.
@ian: sorry for didn`t return yesterday. i started reading a lot more about the facts why which medium got standard and totally got lost in this thematic.
well said @kinch.
@dragonbait "@kinch your analogy is wrong. i agree many people see different things different ways.  my argument is not that there is only one way to see a flower, it is that if i take the same photo at 20megapixels and at 40megapixels and then print them both at 4x8", you will not see any difference, because there is no difference!" the question might be: at what density does pixelation become so dense that it can't be seen no matter how large the print. on an 8" x 4" print, the pixel density does not have to be so high: this is perhaps the aural equivalent of an mp3 recording. at 80" x 40" the density of pixel would need to be much higher, this being perhaps the aural equivalent of a high res recording. what we backers are hoping for and trusting in is (i) that the technology and build-out of the ponoplayer will be good enough to be able to resolve and present accurately all that an excellent well mastered recording has captured and (ii) that pono has enough clout to get the record companies to stop messing up the music and to allow us to hear as closely as possible what the artists actually played and intended to be heard. there is a certain amount of faith involved here. many of us backers have "known" neil young for some 40 years and trust what he is about and what he stands for. it may not work out. so blooming what? we will have enjoyed the journey, even if it was accompanied at times by some unfortunate but possibly well-intentioned whining from stage-left.
@tjc, all depends where you want to wear your pono... my little porno is much better where the ponies play... pono should generate lots-n-lots of spinoff gear here on kickstarter... the design is a challenge to every industrial design student on the planet now. my bet is on what comes next and after that and after that and so on and so on. how would this look flat and nondescript ? it is the first one ever made from ponomusic.com :) it looks like they got it right ! kinda like christmas and the lionel train set under the tree for me to finally get a crack at taking back our culture from the computer sucking the life out of us with crappy tin foil tunes ! i feel like apple computer story ... movie wise could be named "everything back to the moocher" i want more music f..... https://m.youtube.com/watch…
@kinch your analogy is wrong.  i agree many people see different things different ways. my argument is not that there is only one way to see a flower, it is that if i take the same photo at 20megapixels and at 40megapixels and then print them both at 4x8", you will not see any difference, because there is no difference!
@dragonbait "the only thing i have an issue with is them making the misleading claim that 24/192 sounds better than 16/44.1 when that is demonstrably not true." in all fairness, i thank you most sincerely for your desire to prevent the backers here from making a momentous mistake. without your sage and unquestionably impartial advice, 12,000 or thereabouts of us would have lemming-like stormed in and invested in a ponoplayer, some of which would be burdened with 2 albums in .flac format, and a leather case. for your services to potential ponophiles sir, bravo. a wise man once said "there are more things in heaven and earth, horatio,  than are dreamt of in your philosophy." perhaps you might consider whether sounds, like colours, are made up of groups of waves, the total of which generate a soundscape or colour-tone. you based, as you say, on what you have read not what you have heard would have us limit our wavelengths to numbers defined: "flowers are red young man green leaves are green there's no need to see flowers any other way than they way they always have been seen".  methinks the appelations curmudgeon or bah-humbug would suit you well! to blazes with that say i. if a tone is complex, then i'll have that.
@dragonbait i am hoping pono will make my 192kbit mp3 rips sound better, which is the main reason i am here. i am not about to rerip or rebuy hundreds of cds unless someone demonstrates big improvement on sound quality in proper double blind testing.
@leif go ahead and ignore me it's your money! lets just say i have, to date, backed 68 kickstarter projects, some of which were more expensive than this. i do my research on each one before i back them. i have only ever voiced concerns over 2 other campaigns, both of which ended up being removed by kickstarter for making deceitful claims. i'm not making any statement about the quality of the pono player, i'm not saying an ipod is better than pono, i'm not making any claims that one media (live/vinyl/digital/cd) is better or worse than any other.  i am purely stating (backed up by evidence from multiple sources) 1 single pertinent fact.  human ears cannot differentiate between a 24/192 and a 16/44.1 recording made of the exact same source, and that the 24/192 is actually technically inferior than the 16/44.1 recording due to the amplifiers work. if pono were here just saying that their player will make your 16/44.1 sound better than any other player ever built then i would say great! and that may even be the case! the only thing i have an issue with is them making the misleading claim that 24/192 sounds better than 16/44.1  when that is demonstrably not true.
@ tjc i don't believe there will be limited edition players 'left over', as you put it. these are just players with a different cover (like, say, a jacket that you'd wear). covers  (cases) will be added at the end of the assembly line as required & probably sent to a side area to have the appropriate album files added.     i wonder whether they'll even 'print' 500 covers if they haven't been pre-ordered – i imagine the laser-etching might be an 'on-demand' service. if 500 covers get printed at once, it would just be covers left over if they aren't ordered, rather than players.    creator will have to confirm whether le players will be available after the pledging period finishes – i'd imagine they would be useful for promotion/sales after that time (but at a higher price).
it think it depends on the firmware and the marked it will be sold on. there are different laws in different country’s about how load it must play. i think that firmware to the canada marked will be the loudest.
how loud will pono be? i bought kef m200 in-ear headphones which are really good, but they are quieter than my sennheisers. if pono has higher output levels than an ipod, i'd be good to go on that front.
you must include the revealer feature, can't believe you are even thinking about not including it. we need to get the word out there about hi-res and i see this as one of the best ways to do it.
@pono so if they are of 500 what happens to the left overs hand them out free to homeless people on the street? the limited editions i thought were for backers only and not sold after april 15th?
@henry hanna i guess it's now the porno pono
@leif sound advice right there.
can pono display japanese characters?  since i got a lot of jap songs and i would like to enjoy them at pono. thanks~
since i hate in the ear headphones, i decided to try some out based on reviews. i picked up these for the suspiciously low price of $17 but they have stayed in my ears (without falling out - as they always seem to) and kept a smile on my face for some hours of serious listening (via nexus 5). try them, try them  you may like them you will see  http://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/product/b00b5c2udc/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i00…
i've done many blind listening tests, and i can hear a clear difference between 320 kb/s and cd quality. make sure that your computer can actually play the quality as is, or else it is pointless. thorough reviews of a device 7 months from its release date? when have you ever seen that happen before? in any product category? we know plenty about the device to make the decision of whether or not to support it. we know who made its dac, what quality music it plays back, it's battery life, it's endorsements, it's shape, an idea of the interface, how you maneuver it by touch, it's price, release date, and most importantly - it's overall purpose. to bring quality back to music. not to make us hear like dogs with higher frequency rates, but actual higher sample rates. not the height of the burger, but the quality of the beef. enough with the conspiracy theories, already.
ignore the bait or else you can be caught. if you are a dragon ignore @dragonbait
@pono that computers introduce distortion to music is a valid criticism and concern. but that's how i listen to 75% of my music - rest is on my ipod - so it is a valid test _for me_. i haven't done the abx test on an ipod, which i might get around to doing. nevertheless, as suggested earlier, setting up a proper double-blinded listening test for pono with a good selection of people (laypeople, musicians, sound engineers, etc.) would be a killer marketing move. @ron resorting to ad hominems. classy. and i work in an entirely different industry than computers or music.
oops, sorry, i just realised you spell your name differently, but my meaning is as intended :)
@bastion a bastion of common sense :)
deep & humbling respect for this man and his ethos to lead us all into a better musical world !  https://m.youtube.com/watch…
i've just read the last 12 hours worth of comments, and can't beilive all that bickering... why do you care all that must about the technical aspects of bitrates and all that stuff? the one and only thing i want the player to do is sound good, and i honestly don't care what the specs are, or at what bitrates the music is played, or any of that... i've listened to music systems where the speakers were 20k a pair, and the main unit at heck of a lot more than that, with the best recordings available, and it still didn't sound exactly like the real thing, neither will pono... but i can honestly say, that i don't care. what i care about is the ponoplayer sounding the best it can, and a whole lot better then the rest of the portable music players out there. bitrates and technical specifications or even reviews aren't going to tell me how the player sounds, my ears are, and my ears are going to wait till i get the player in my hand. to me it sounds like the whole retina screen thing all over again, with people fussing about all the specs, instead of picking the thing up, and look at it, and then decide whether you like it or not. nobody is forcing you to buy anything, either you want it, or not. simple as that...
a lot of sterile argument on the advantages or otherwise of hi-res. the proof is in the listening. can you hear the difference between hi-res and cd? can you hear the difference between pono and other players? we will know when there have been double blind tests.
@apollyon: headphones don't come with the ponoplayer as these are a personal choice. the usb connection in your car does charge the player. the magic of the ponoplayer is in the way it convert digital music flawlessly into analog sound coming out if the output jacks.  these should be used to plug into your car audio system.
@tjc, when she asks if thats a pono in your pocket or if you are just glad to see her ... "someone had book on that coming up sooner or later"
go big or go home! lol  to answer part your question. no it doesnt come with headphones. they figure most people already have them and trying to keep price down
@ponomusicteam:  will i be able to connect to my car audio via usb port?  will this charge pono?  listening time on one charge?  do headphones come with pono (pictured with them on main page - hope so!)?  thanks
here's how you add 2 million to the campaign: bob dylan the rolling stones *led zeppelin *pink floyd *the who *the beatles bruce springsteen cream tool u2 *surviving members
mmj fans back up to 74 pono music players spoken for... come on, let's get going! get the word out to your friends.
still waiting for a gillian welch/dave rawlings le chrome, then i'll upgrade! just sayin'. if not, i'm still excited to hear this thing! go pono!
@tjc: they'll be of 500.
@dennis lane: good one dennis.
@tjc: the same way you carry your mobile phone, except that it fist in the palm of your hand very comfortably and does not have a tendency to slip out of your fingers like many mobile phones do. keep in mind that our primary design objective here was flawless sound reproduction.  that's the whole point of making this player. we happen to find the toblerone design that achieves the sound quality objectives and yet it also is portable and also sits very well on a desktop.
they look awkward to carry do they have a loop or some way to attach them to a belt triangle shape would seem to fit  funny in your pocket and to carry in your hands seems unlikely. how do you carry it as we have seen no pictures or videos showing real life carrying or at least i cant recall any. maybe ill have to check with those folks at pornopeople
the ponotential is unlimited.
@tjc: the units are very portable and easy to handle. just because they're not metal doesn't make them fragile. we have been carrying them around for months and they've held up just fine.
@pono will the limited editions be one of 500 or one of how ever many backers signed up like one of 33 now that might be worth getting even if it was someone you never heard of? heck a one of three you know not to many people got that one. but if they are all out of 500 what will happen to the ones left over
it can sound so much better than this...http://youtu.be/xdablo1kj00
ny has built a career and life on doing the best for music, @nyponofan have some faith, it wont be long now.
i need a pono to sample & hold
dinosaurs in the computer age.
asking questions is good, dismissing the answers may be arrogant or paid for. for every new invention there are the established who do not want to see their profits diminish, no matter how inferior their product may be..
trolls can be found under every mp3 player.
@treatise, i think you work for competition, such as apple. take a walk and let people decide for themselves. you and your followers should take your non objective bs elsewhere. i decide to express myself this way. this is for pono, just buy a pono or bugger off.
@creator maybe the paradigm should be apples to pono. :)
@pono so what procedure will need to be used to make that happen
@francisco ruiz-tagle: we may. but a true apples-to-apples comparison is to listen to an mp3 on a typical mp3 player and listen to hi-res on pono.
i knew it!
can you also ask neil if choice does not matter in how one chooses to listen to music?
update! you asked for indie artists and we heard you. just added portugal the man to our artist signature series!
@jr skrha: thank you very much jr. we'll ask neil what kind of sound system he has on his car and let you know.
@tjc: we can remove you from the honor list if you don't care to be on it.
@pono, while you're here, will the pono player have the audio "degrading" function to compare formats, that neil mentions in his book waging heavy peace"?
@treatise: you do realize that unless you're taking extraordinary measures listening to hi-res music vs an mp3 on a computer will make both sound like the mp3. it's like watching an hd movie on an sd tv. the tv can only display low res regardless of the resolution of the movie. this is why the ponoplayer is needed to reproduce the great sound.  of course, if the music master was low-res to begin with then it won't sound as good as a true hi-re music that has gone through mixing, mastering, ... , playback at hi-res. the weakest link in that chain determines the quality of the music you end up hearing.  this is why we handle the end-to-end process.
@creator - requested feature for pono desktop app and player interface: ability to sort albums alphabetically by artist, and then chronologically by album (led zeppelin iii, untitled, houses of the holy, etc.) from my experience other media applications don't make this idea incredibly accessible. i think part of the problem resides in the fact that the track's data usually gets tagged with the year of digital release, the remaster or reissue date, rather than the original album recording/release date. so to that end, i would love to see tracks sold through pono have two separate data fields: original release date, and master date (for example: led zeppelin iii, 5 october 1970 - 2014 remaster). then it should be no problem to sort albums by original release date data.
pretty please.. a zeppelin model.... please.....
@pono real names sorry that is a deal breaker. i guess we have no option other than dropping out? i do not want my name on the site to many issues with identity theft in this country
for the ponopeople web site http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@bill yeatts: absolutely it does. a computer is not designed for producing distortion free sound. it's designed to be a computer. in fact, the operating systems typically downsample music as it's being played.
@tjc: real names.
@pono what name are you going to put on the web page? screen name or real name??
have a great evening everyone, i'm going down to the ht to listen to some vinyl. ::))
when i go to a concert it usually sounds amazing, when i play the concert cd, not so much. here is to giving pono a chance to change sterile sound into a symphony.
everything along the stream affects the end product....including our ears.
@ treatise wouldn't the computer add distortion and would the sound card affect the quality?
does anyone get the feeling that some in here are being paid by apple?
i did some abx listening over the weekend due to my curiosity about high res audio. bought a the doors and rush album (presto, one of the good masters) from hdtracks, and compared the original flac to a lame 128kbit/sec mp3 rip. i could tell the difference only in very specific points, but not consistently and definitely not just by listening to the music instead of a second-long hihat hit, for example. this is for a low-bitrate mp3, so any higher bitrate would be "transparent," ie. indistuingashable from the original. for the curious, it's easy to setup in windows with foobar2000: http://wiki.hydrogenaudio.org/index.php… just be sure to use the same source material, ie. rip the audio yourself. therefore it is much more important for pono to curate the music, so that no bad masters are allowed in the store. i'm looking at you, rush.
@treatise i'd like that too, same speakers/headphones, and different players, not pono playing a 24/192 recording 'downscaled' to 16/44.1, an original 16/44.1 of the exact same audio source.
@ treatise that would great.
this is for backers only. just because i've pledged money doesn't make me gullible, and i don't take everything some musicians say about pono as gospel. instead of another round of unsubstantiated claims and subjective tests, i'd like to see someone actually make a blind test deathmatch between pono and a few lower and higher-specced daps. that's not much to ask, given how much effort they have already put into the non-blinded listening "tests," and would be guaranteed to further raise money for pono.
in that case you won't want a pono.
this site should be for backers only. it's purpose is promote pono,
@ron thats the opposite abx blind testing.
i think neil young did that with a lot of professional artist. maybe you should go in neil's car.
not trying to antagonize anyone, but this board has lately turned into an audiophile playground, and various reports with highly subjective claims from various sources regarding high res audio and pono player (not just backers).
the same question goes for anyone claiming to hear differences between "transparent" mp3s (192kbit vbr or so) and cd and high res audio.
@ron have you done proper blind listenings, for example abx testing to confirm what you are hearing are actual differences, and not just subjective differences as a result of which source is "supposed" to be better due to price, brand, technical specs, etc.?
@phillip c gossett god speed and good listening as you take them to practice.
i'm just a longtime music fan.  my first car only had a am radio, i had to keep a jam box loaded with batteries to listen to music, the classic rock station was all i played.  opened my ears to may great artist  then remember how excited i was to have a cassette player in my car in the 80's, then i had to use a portable cd player for years to listen to cd's.  now i have a van with a 6 cd player and am on cloud 9.  i have 80gb ipod loaded with alac files and love to listen to it.  the pono is going to take me to another level, i'll be grateful for that.  i have two kids and cannot afford all the high end stuff, but am a very happy camper.
@dragonbait, you seem determined not to actually listen, just to use numbers and those provided by others rather than any actual experience. i wish you well. i will continue to listen to hi res whenever i can, whether it comes off vinyl or digital. as it sounds better on my system to me. it sounds more like music and that is all i am interested in. i guess that a lot of experience counts for nothing in your world. ah well, i am off to bed now. whilst you keep telling us we are wrong, i'll just enjoy the music.
i'll use my own ears.
@ron, that said i think you will find the guys at xiph.org,head-fi etc who's detailed informationexplains why there is no difference are definately audiophiles, you are kind of blaming the messenger.
@ron definately not an audiophile!  can't afford the snake oil!
can't read site anymore today
dragonbait isn't a audiophile, just and antagonist.
@o8h7w the general consensus was that the 24/192 was actually worse, because it has to operate at the wider ultrasound frequencies which can cause unwanted artifacts in the audible range: "192khz digital music files offer no benefits. they're not quite neutral either; practical fidelity is slightly worse. the ultrasonics are a liability during playback. neither audio transducers nor power amplifiers are free of distortion, and distortion tends to increase rapidly at the lowest and highest frequencies. if the same transducer reproduces ultrasonics along with audible content, any nonlinearity will shift some of the ultrasonic content down into the audible range as an uncontrolled spray of intermodulation distortion products covering the entire audible spectrum. nonlinearity in a power amplifier will produce the same effect. the effect is very slight, but listening tests have confirmed that both effects can be audible."
what are you talking about. 192/24 and 16/44.1 can both play 20hz to 20khz. the difference is internal resolution. on good equipment, you can here a difference. get your facts correct, and read what you want.
@dragonbait ok, so if the pono player artificially downgrades the file and plays it in 16/44.1 this might sound worse than if the same song was recorded in 16/44.1 and played back on the pono? and convenienty that comparison can never be done (unless the song has been recorded twice) so we will never know?
@dragonbait: and i'm suggesting that they're equal, as in indistinguishable by ear, if and only if everything goes perfectly according to plan. also i'm suggesting that higher resolution is better when it doesn't. i'm doing this to explain my experiences, because i'm the kind of guy who needs explanations. @dennis: i'd say acoustics most of the time makes a bigger difference. @treatise: ah, hydrogenaudio. i tread carefully around there, because i am wrong sometimes, and that's a place where you do not want to be wrong. that said, i have both struggled to distinguish 160 kbit/s mp3 from standard resolution, and been able to distinguish standard resolution from high resolution. and i was pretty confident that the higher resolution was better. see my earlier posts for the reasonable explanations, according to me. @ everyone! these three comments of mine summarizes my view pretty good. there's a lot of variables and a lot of unknowns. high resolution has, in my experience, mostly tipped the scales slightly towards better audio experiences than standard resolution. the best explanations i have came up with can be seen in my previous posts. note that the difference is slight, for the most part, but also that the slight difference can be the difference between fully believing you are hearing the original sound and still hearing that you are listening to it through a recording. and with that, i'm going to bed. sadly i really have to. thanks for a useful discussion! :) // o8h7w
rephrase: humans can hear no difference between the same source matterial recorded at 16/44.1 and recorded at 24/192
@ian as i have stated 3 times already i'm not saying, and have never said cd is better than live/vinyl/analogue or anything else. i have simply stated the fact that humans can hear no difference between 16/44.1 and 24/192
grrr.... tare / are
@dragonbait. i do not know how old you tare but when cd first appeared all of the reviews focused on measurement and technical analysis. and then someone actually listened and realised that they could not correlate the measurements with what it actually sounded like. especially with valves. so then they all went to subjective reviewing and ignored any measurements of any kind. i personally favour listening and deciding what works for you. measurements are important, i agree, but so far i don't think we have an accurate way of guaranteeing correlation. i think we are a way off from that yet.
@dragonbait, you don't have a clue what your talking about. read all you want. why don't you go to a hi-end store and hear for yourself. that's assuming you can listen, and decide for yourself. let is be. this site is to promote pono player. i don't think anyone wants to here your bs.
@andreas no.  if i take a perfect audio source (the live band say) and i record it as 24/192 and i also record it as 16/44.1, no human will be able to tell the difference, because  the 16/24 makes no difference and the 192/44.1 both cover more than the spectrum of frequencies than humans can hear.  if i take a 24/192 and then artificialy downgrade it to 16/44.1then yes it will sound worse than the 24/192, but it will also sound worse than the audio recorded originally in 16/44.1.  in essence you are artificially downgrading the quality.
gotta go take my blood pressure. :)
wow @dragonbait that's a tough one to swallow. most musicians do not record in a gymnasium, why would that be so?
there is a great article comparing the multiple versions of digital files available for beck's latest album here: http://www.computeraudiophile.com/content/569-and-winner-%85/ hopefully the pono store downloads will avoid the "loudness wars" and be mastered for full dynamic range, as that seems to be the biggest problem these days.
@dragonbait i trust what my ears tell me. i have worked in computing since 1971 and am familiar with a lot of the technology. there is much that cannot be explained by numbers alone. i suggest that you should actually listen and have first hand experience rather than relying on the opinion of others and also investigate different perspectives as i pointed out about the response form hazydave. is what i do. and i just enjoy my music. i have been listening to hi res and cd for as long as each has been around. and vinyl for longer than either of them.
i tried...see ya!
@dennis i think it's another of a list of things that has as effect on the audio. hard to quantify if it is more or less important than the hardware etc
@dragonbait so, are you saying that the reported built in "revealer" in the pono player that lets the listener switch between 24/192 and lower resolution would have some software trickery in order to create a difference in sound?
does anyone concede that the room and the acoustical treatments make as much difference as the components used?
@kyle i still have fleetwood mac on reels!  it will be interesting to see how they compare to my itunes library same song same receiver...same time!
this debate makes me miss hydrogenaudio forums. they don't even allow discussion about sound quality unless you can back it up with proper abx blind listening tests. theres's so much marketing speak and audiophile discussion going on based on subjective listening tests and possibly pointless technical measurements that it's doing a disservice to the whole project - setting expectations too high, and alienating everyone who has struggled to find differences between 128kbit vbr mp3 and high res audio flac in blind listening tests.
with qaccoustic speakers
@o8h7w i'm not suggesting digital is perfect, or even better than analogue.  i'm saying that 24/192 will be indestinguishable from 16/44.1. @dennis i have a low end home cinema epson home cinema 5010e projector and onkyo receiver.
@dragonbait have you ever built a home theater?
@dragonbait i'm glad i'm not your horse.
@dragonbait: ah, right, i mixed up my mathematics trying to explain my experiences there. if the theory is right (which it mathematically is) i should not be able to hear it if there is a single sample with a high value and the rest are zero at 44.1 khz. but i can. this implies that one of these are true: a. my hearing exceeds 22.05 khz. (somewhat backed by the fact that i find the shaped noise ear-killing, i took off my headphones, while the uniform noise was okay) b. my equipment screws it up. c. audio and hearing is not well described by this signal theory. no matter which of these is the problem, higher resolution is a solution to it, right? also, note that digital is not perfect. each and every bit may not reach the dac intact. if one is off, it's a much less severe problem if we have sampled at a higher resolution.
i'm thinking about how linux have been struggling to be accepted as a new standard for operating systems - android, most wifi access points an a lot of settop boxes are based on linux. in this link: http://readwrite.com/2012/07/20/5-reasons-why-commercial-software-companies-care-about-open-source-and-linux#awesm=~ozkvcfqbycek1j it says that: " microsoft: if you can’t beat 'em, join 'em microsoft once referred to linux as a “cancer,” but in a complete reversal, last year it announced a four-year pact with the suse linux distribution. due in part to widespread adoption of linux server products coupled with increased usage of virtualization in large enterprises, microsoft was forced to concede. microsoft had to play nice with open source or risk losing customers. " i hope that apple after some years will have to join the pono's way of doing things! another way could be, that pono will be supported by google and we can have a pono like player - it could be a chromecast thing for playing hi-res music.
@dennis *sigh* some people won't be helped. it's fact that there is no sound quality difference, but as the old saying goes 'you can lead a horse to water', nut as you say, it's your money :) http://www.head-fi.org/t/415361/24bit-vs-16bit-the-myth-exploded
anyone here built their own home theater?
thank you @kyle french. :)
for the generation that never experienced good vinyl recordings, your are in for a treat, and pono will bring that to you in all its splendor +1.
@dennis @carlos or, in combining sentiments here... 'you can go your own way' when it comes to audio preference.
we should celebrate pono for giving us the ability to decide, for ourselves what sounds best, as opposed to having it forced upon us unwillingly.
i would love to get an le player with these guys on it!   http://www.today.com/entertainment/christine-mcvie-rejoining-fleetwood-mac-2d79442915
years ago i wrote about the audible difference between vinyl and cds. it really comes down what one is use to. older music lovers know the sound they got from vinyl versus the newer cd, just like those who could afford tube amps know the warmth of sound that can be reproduced. as far as cds are concerned they lack musicality and are one dimensional. vinyl on the other hand was rich in the depth and soundstage but suffered from cracks and pops. pono will allow all the pleasures of vinyl without that noise.
listening to vinyl over cd is not considered 'research' to pono backers.
http://xiph.org/video/vid2.shtml
@o8h7w if you watch the video i posted the idea of 'out of phase' digital recordings is completly wrong.
also i'm making no claims that vinyl sounds the same as cd. i would suggest vinyl may well sound better than cd (i don't know i havent researched it) however a digital copy of that vinyl (or even made from the same original music) made at 24/192 will be indestinguishable from a digital copy made at 16/44.1 (though both may well be lower quality than the original music as played and or the vinyl)
the discussion on high resolution audio here is missing that digital is not perfect. first consider the recording situation. a sound close to the nyquist limit (the maximum sound frequency a specific digital resolution can describe) that is out of phase with the sampling will cause troubles. consider one at the very limit, 180° out of phase: all samples will be in the nodes and this sound will be completely missing from the recording. and this is still less harmful to the sound than what can happen. by using higher resolution both this and other technical imperfections coupled to digital audio can be pushed out of the audible range. one important example is the digital filtering present in all of todays dac technology, i doubt that this is even theoretically avoidable. you could argue that it's not nearly as important for playback as it is for recording, creating and mixing, but why introduce the problems of downsampling and placing harder demands on the dac than needed? this also brings possibilities to implement eqing, crossfeeding, volume control and similar features that alter the sound exactly as intended - as far as our ears can hear. way better than the analog way, when done right. high resolution simply gives us digital audio without the drawbacks. among audio equipment producers of both professional, audiophile, and more normal hifi variety, consensus seems to be that digital audio should be of high resolution. oh, and most hardware don't have a problem with playing ultrasonics anymore - a direct result of this development... hope this was useful for someone at least. :) cheers! o8h7w
personally none at all!  i'm a computer analyst who knows a reasonable amount about science, maths, compression techniques and how audio files work. but i'm also a skeptic who can smell marketing bs from some way off and like to read up on the truth about claims that smell 'fishy'. a few hours of reading in-depth articles on a number of recognised sites, and watching demostration videos, such as the one i linked to, and the results from true double blind studies showed undeniable proof of the fact that a human ear is absolutely incapable of descerning any difference between the two file types.
also, are all sources from identical masters or identical copies?
@dragonbait the other question for you is have you listened to a high quality system playing vinyl, then hi res, then cd? if so, how high quality was that system and how much time have you spent with the various media? is not an unfair question or a trap, i am genuinely interested.  to me the differences are obvious with vinyl and hi res sounding similar and cd trails a way behind. others disagree, but that is as much to do with whatever system you listen on i suspect.
@dragonbait.... take a look at hazydave's analysis of the boston audio piece on the ponopeople.org forum page http://ponopeople.org/viewtopic.php… is interesting and gives a very different perspective on that oft quoted article that people like to point to.
@dragonbait yes i got that from the article. pono will allow for any playback level you choose and at a price point which is within reach of many more music lovers. getting the science is great, but even science can't explain art. we are dealing with art here, the listeners will decide what they want. even if they can't really hear it.
the point is a human can hear absolutely no difference between 24/192 and 16/44.1 (except for unwanted artifacts created by hardware trying to play ultrasonics is 24/192)
great article @drogonbait. the one part not discussed in it was choice. if a media is limited to only what this author promotes one can only rise to that level and not beyond. but if pono allows you to go beyond his recommendation you have the final say in what sounds best to you. you may in fact reach the same conclusion as the author, but that will come only through personal trial and error.
i would buy a le if there was a joni mitchell one. first album to play would be blue, great recording!
@gary way to go not watching the vid or reading the article!
all i know is that when i did a test on sunday with a vinyl source against my itunes library to the same receiver, same album/marshal tucker greatest hits, same song/heard it in a love song at the same time, switching back and fourth with a remote, i noticed a difference!  the lp was smother and the itunes was about 25 percent louder and sharper/edgy.
in other words, "baloney" is hearsay. i can understand technological arguments when i apply myself, but i doubt that pono is blowing smoke. i'll bet that many people have heard both good and bad sounding recordings, no matter the media. i doubt that the pono player incorporates unobtanium, but i'm sure that well-miked, properly mastered and transferred recordings can always sound better, no matter the playback mechanism. it may be that 24/192 can sound better, but only on certain recordings and when the planets align.
and watch the great video too: http://xiph.org/video/vid2.shtml
read the article, it explains it far better and in far more depth than i ever could.
aha! just what i thought when i read the word "baloney." by making such a proclamation, @dragonbait should now explain him or herself. there can be many factors seemingly unrelated to sample rate or word size that can affect perceived sound quality.
@dragonbait - you're referring to frequency range, 24/192 is a sample rate of recorded music.
the explanation is a long one (i'll post you a link for a full explanation), but in short the absolute maximimum range of hearing is 20khz (from 20 hz to 20khz), by using twice that rate (44.1khz) you can exactly replicate the audio within that spectrum.  added to this amplifiers and audio hardware are have their best quality over the 20hz-20khz range, and quality drops off the further you move away from those frequencies.  by having the hardware deal with freequencies that are in these 'ultrasonic' frequencies you start introducing destortions and random noise to the sound in the normal audible range. http://people.xiph.org/~xiphmont/demo/neil-young.html
same here
@dragonbait - thanks for sharing. would you care to explain why/how 16/44.1 provides higher quality sound than 24/192? interested to hear.
new look for the neil young le, up now on www.ponopeople.org
i sure hope you make a yoko pono......
do people not realise that most of the sales pitch for this is baloney? the player may (or may not) be good quality, but 24/192 is actually slightly inferior quality than 16/44.1!
@ pearl jam - i got your back!
@pearl jam - my point of view is based on how things normally work out. things start off expensive and then come down in price. the more people that buy it, the cheaper it gets. is very chicken and egg. it would be great if hi res came in low cost from the beginning. maybe that would undermine 'normal' sales?
based on ponomusic's latest tweet... i have a feeling we might be seeing a portugal. the man le sometime soon....? that'd be a great add for the independent artists contingent.
one black october player up right now!
@peter beck - all cool, man. no offense taken. i definitely see your point concerning the backing of this product at this stage (in addition to posting on a board about it!) as being far from what the average person would do. i just thought the price of the music was something worth bringing up (i know others here have prior to me) as it's what i'm hearing about most so i thought there was value in raising those concerns. anyway, keep up the good work with www.ponopeople.org :)
@ian kendrick - thanks, i appreciate your point of view even though we disagree. the bottom line is that we both want to see this thing succeed. @tom glasstetter - back me up here, bro. i know you and i have been talking to the same people! (i normally wear a mask.)
@pearl jam - i didn't meant to offend you that way. i'm just saying that by virtue of us participating in a discussion on the kickstarter profile of a start-up audio company like pono music doesn't make us "normal people". normal people just pop in headphones and walk around. if you've spoken to many people about it, then you're right, it might be a big problem. or it might be a smaller problem if people are blown away by how great the music sounds in the new format and will gladly pay the extra dough for a brand new experience with music that they already know. like yourself i have presented people that i know (ages 18-25) with the pono project, and those that were into it, which a lot of them were, were excited to hear the pono music quality approved tracks. does this mean that they will actually buy a pono player and a bunch of albums? how should i know? i just know that i'm going to buy a lot of pono music albums, and that's all that i can speak from. regarding the forum - again, i'm sorry if i offended you. i think everyone here should both be allowed and encouraged to voice their opinions and concerns. that's sort of what this is for, just like it is over at www.ponopeople.org :-) i just disagreed with your use of the term "average person". i don't feel like either of us can use that term. that's all. shalom and take care!
but are we smarter than the "average" bear?
@ pearl jam, peter is right imho. you have every right to your opinion, and i would defend to the death your right to express it. but i don't think you are 'average' as i don't even know what that means. and there is no way that you, or i or anyone else can speak for more than ourselves. unless you have been given specific permission to do so. you saying that have given yourself permission is something i can agree with about your own opinion.  i think i am average too by the way.
@peter beck who gave me permission? i did. i'm average. and i'd rather not "wait and see how it goes." i'd prefer we voice our concerns early. the price of pono music is the #1 complaint i'm hearing from everyone i've spoken to and read on music forums. should i keep that to myself? for someone who moderates a forum dedicated to this product, you seem more concerned about protecting pono from criticism rather than encouraging open dialogue and debate which, by the way, always yields better results than the "wait and see" approach.
@pearl jam - who gave you the permission to speak for "the average person" on this matter? let's wait and see how it goes before we judge pono's market strategy, shall we?
@pono...  can anyone tell us more about the listening environment of that cadillac used in the testimonial videos?  ie.  what is the amp / deck being used for those demos?  have the speakers in the cabillac been upgraded (and what to?)? while i love the testimonial videos, i can't help but wonder what exactly those artists are testifying about...  obviously the pono and source quality are great...but are they also flowing through $20k of high end car audio components? i'm already a backer, and can't wait to hear this thing for myself.  otherwise, just curious!
@ pearl jam. i think we can agree on a couple of things. no market will ever decide on anything based on what one person does. there are a great many people like me though - vinyl sales show that. if everyone turns their back on hi res then one of several things will happen. the price may come down, people start to buy and it works, or it dies, or it stays as an exclusive high end thing. i don't know what will happen as i cannot accurately predict the future. and as you may have seen from my most recent post there are those on this forum who have spent a huge amount of money on kit and those for whom pono is their first venture into anything hifi. and that pono for me is about democratising access to good sound and good music. it is about connecting musicians with their fans directly. or as directly as possible. i am all for that. if this is a musician led thing then it is they who will set the price an stake the consequences.
@ivan b, i agree with you. i think most difference will be thru a good home system.
i hope it works out for you. all the best!
@ron thomas i not have iphone or ipod, but as alternative i consider as an alternative to ipod classic 160gb
@ron thomas i meant that, in practice, i think, can hardly be distinguished mp3 "320" from the flac in mobile headphones in the street. but i hope that this is not so, and therefore ordered pono.
@ivan b,  ( what, in the iphone practice )?
@ivan b, obviously with proper equipment and source info.
@pearl jam, i agree with you 100%. your a+
"mp3 or cd to hi rez," :) not obviously. in the practice!
mp3 or cd to hi rez, obviously
the sound of the player pono really better than the sound from the ipod classic? it's important for me.
...and i too would like an edit button, haha
@ian kendrick ian, i appreciate you willingness to spend a lot of money, however i think you completely missed my point about the terrible pricing of $15-25 per album. it's not about how much ian kendrick will pay per album, it's about how much the average person will pay. in case you are completely unaware (and it seems you might be), you are by far in no way reflective of the average consumer. if the pono music store sells albums for $15-25, it will not survive no matter how much you and the six or seven people out there like you buy from the site.
also, new look tom petty photo, featuring minor changes from the original le image on the kickstarter page that features 4 others. "tom petty" printed at the top of the unit above the artist signature.  check it out!
get the first look of the arcade fire le and the herbie hancock le on www.ponopeople.org tweeted out this morning by the ponomusic team.  on twitter @pono  and @pono_people
looks like today could be the day to break 5 million.
i am very conscious that there is massive stratification of people on here in terms of their experience with and ownership of hi fi replay kit. and their knowledge of current technology, its development and future path. this can be alienating if we are not very careful. some of us are just starting that journey with pono. others of us are old hands with maybe 45 years or more and have kit that costs $20,000 + (easily). some of the perspectives expressed reflect those different levels of experience and should be taken in that light. this is, after all, a kickstarter for a low cost, entry level digital audio player that offers sound quality above features. pitching it against individual components that cost many times more than the pono is a bit unfair to pono. that is not what pono is about. it seems to me to be about bringing the cost of high quality replay down and available to more people, for the first time. and it should, i think, be judged on that intent. and being an artist led drive to bring their music to their fans at the same quality with which it was recorded. if pono does that, it will have been successful. and those who are supporting it here will be causal in that success. that is why i am here - for the music and the intent. yeah, i'm a techie too. but that is a very very distant second to the music and the communications it represents from the musicians i love.
pre out 8 volts!
@jr skrha, i had a four channel mcintosh amp in my car. i bridge amp, thus doubled power in two channel mode. my speakers in car where focal and image dynamic sub. now the head unit i suggest you get is clarion drz9255. this head unit was made in japan and has auxiliary inputs for pono player. the clarion unit has a separate power supply, and can also play cd if you wish. inside has dual burr-brown dacs at 96/24. best car head unit i ever heard. pre out is volts.
by the way @gary and @ron - on ponopeople.org there are forums for these kinds of discussions.
@ron - i use chord signature interconnects and odyssey 4 speaker cables. wilson benesch speakers with super tweeters and rel subs. oh and furutech usb and ethernet cables. all good stuff - none of it the last word, but the best i can afford right now. one thing which bemuses folk is how super tweeters benefit bass. odd that.
@gary  the smallest oscillation of the cutting head and replay stylus on a vinyl is measurable in wavelengths of light. the riaa curve is similar to dolby tape noise reduction in that it tilts the signal to cater for the limitations of the medium. bass is attenuated otherwise the oscillations would be massive. nothing wrong with that. and turntables that used laser to read vinyl albums were made. they were quite good too.  as i recall, vinyl is capable of recording above 50khz, some sources say up to 100khz, but i suspect wear would pretty soon destroy signals at that level.  analogue just means a transferral from one medium too another. musical instruments are not far removed from blowing into tubes, hitting string with a finger or hitting things with sticks. but the noise they make is complex and wonderful - synthesisers don't really hack it for various reasons.  hi res is now as good as vinyl - i fully support that otherwise i wouldn't be bothered. good cd also sounds ok, such is life as technology develops, processing power grows exponentially and storage is more or less free - these aren't the constraints they used to be that led to compression algorhythms that we sort of accepted as normal and necessary.
no, no! no brickbats, @ian! discourse is a healthy thought-provoking exercise. i saw an interview with steve hoffman, i believe--an audio engineer and mastering specialist. he said that without the riaa curve applied to vinyl recording and playback, an lp would play about 4 minutes a side. i understand and marvel at how good vinyl is and can be, but it is not too far displaced from wax cylinders. machines and diamond needles and vinyl records wear and wear out. granted, treated well, almost anything audio today can outlast a lifetime, but consistent quality is rightly the property of today's technology. yes, even sd cards and ram will fail over time, but progress generally gives us more for less. and by the way, that may also apply to extracting the greatest fidelity from old master tapes--no one can say what the future will bring, when applied to previous technology. i actually think that 'playing' vinyl records with a laser is a cool idea--developing the software to allow such a machine to extract every bit of the sound may be challenging, though. and nothing audio is very compact when machine mechanisms are involved.
@ian, i agree. i'm just wondering what brand and model of cables, you use in your home  audio system? also which brand and model your speakers are?
@gary - i fully agree about the intent behind pono. we need to always remember that and see whether what they are doing is aligned with it. so far, it is i think. there is one other point which is that, in some ways analogue is just a very high sample rate digital medium where the sampling rates are above our receptors ability to perceive them. i'll wait for the brickbats for that and have donned my spelunking helmet. (that isn't a typo for non us folk)
@ian 100% on the button with the doug brady quote and your analysis of same. i would say with lp's it is now down to 0.1% being better than all digital audio but my choice is definitely to go the digital audio route. i have upgraded dacs as i heard the difference, the same will be with hi-res, i am still comparing regularly, when i get the opportunity and will upgrade when i recognise the difference. i was on the naim forum earlier in the week. i have upgraded my ethernet cables to cat7 (which to me sounds better than cat5, but i did not try the grades inbetween), they discuss the benefits of audioquest ethernet cables. i haven't tried, so i won't comment.
does no one here consider pono's dedication to making available higher resolution files as they become available? that is quite a hook for me. i don't know anyone who is a dyed-in-the-wool loyalist to any corporation, but based on my pono experience, i'll certainly peruse their store... i didn't go back to find who made a comment, but i saw b&o tv mentioned. wow! decades ago when i treated money like water, i owned a couple of b&o (bang and olufsen) turntables. perpendicular, straight-line tracking tone arm. no, i wasn't rich; the first one was stolen so i bought a replacement. a real piece of art, with flexing metal switches. i like what i like, and pono suits me just fine. vinyl is nice and all, but i went crazy providing a heavy slab as a base for the turntable and disc-washing pads and fluids. too much maintenance for steam-locomotive technology. i appreciate how far solid-state electronics has brought us--finally!
i know you are a krell devotee ron, think i picked that up somehow. other high end players are available. btw how much was the krell cd player you use? and the rest of the system only asking...
@creator @ pono thank you for the responses.  i've reached out to a few independent artists and furthered pono's message through twitter.  i've also tweeted a few fansites of other artists that are already featured in the artist signature series (btw i always have to spell that out do to the unfortunate acronym it provides lol).  lets get this thing over $5mil today!!!!
@ian, krell is krell
@ richheart when cd was new, doug brady, hifi seller/guru pointed to that 90% of cd players sounded better than 90% of turntables. but that 10% of turntables sounded better than all cd players. he was right. that gap has narrowed over the years, but the principal holds so now, the same kind of principal applies to cd vs hi res. it is also true that when more or less any new technology comes along, the incumbent technology because of its development, can challenge the disruptive newcomer rather well in its core area - in this case sound quality. so it was with vinyl vs cd, now it is so with cd vs hi res. but the new technology brings other benefits that the old cannot deliver. if you measure vinyl vs cd on portability, ease of use, storage capacity and so on, cd wins hands down. one of the reasons cd won the digital disc format competition was that a player could be made that would fit into a din e car radio slot. we all said it would never happen.... if i pitch my goodish turntable against my goodish cd player against my goodish streamer they all sound ok. i would rank them as vinyl/hi res and then cd. but that is my system with my devices and my media. everyone tries to get to absolutes and i don't think you can.
i had this article thrown at me by someone: http://people.xiph.org/~xiphmont/demo/neil-young.html more than anything, i believe in listening without pre-judging, whether music or what is being said. all the hi-fi stores in the mid-80's were trying to prove how bad cd was compared to the linn sondeck. they all sold the linn. now linn sells hi-res audio (some of the best available, in my opinion). i have a number of their demo tracks in both 24/192 and 16/44 and i have trouble differentiating. i still contend, for me, that the quality is in the mixing and that after that i have no clear, consistent preference above redbook.
*will be 28 minutes away to listen to it carefully*
@ian: thank you very much! :* and yes, i see a very good chance for the pono player and the artists to create the market and establish there for a long time.
@ian i think the porno typo is already out there :)
@pono how does the music system in neil's car at bonnaroo 2011 that most of the musicians talk about in the promo video translate to the pono player that will be shipped later this year? even if a pono player was connected to the system, that would have been a pre-ayre and pre letterman pono by a long time. was there even a pono player in the summer of 2011? i'm not doubting the pono will be great and i'm massively looking forward to my ny&ch le pono. i'm just curious whether the artists have actually heard the pono or something else.
@ian i am totally on the fence, on what resolution is essential. i have great cd's (all ripped) and great hi-res, have heard great lp's and think that lp's in the main are less musical than cd's.  the article i posted, spoke about the woes of dynamic compression (that was what i cited too) and also includes his views (many of which i don't share) on digital processing. for example, i have a naim and a hegel dac. i do not have to agree with you, nor you with me, we are sharing things on here that are as yet to develop. the beauty is in the journey.
@richheart   i wil make a really problematic typo sooner or later. i spotted the thigh just after i posted it. as it were...
@claudia the interview is on bbc radio 4. is available here... http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/b03ynf4y i think bbc iplayer radio is available outside the uk. as an aside, i specialise in innovation and the way that they spread into markets, environments. or even create them. the repeating pattern is that it is rare for the best technology to win, there are other factors. apple with itunes really understood this. pono is looking to do the same thing, but the difference is that this is artist led - they don't need other companies these days.
@ian i think the ponoplayer (and the likes of it) will help. i have to admit that i have been very hesitant about paying $700 or more for a portable flac player with a good tune. therefore i jumped at the chance of getting one for $300. i think a lot of people (myself included) are anxious to see, firstly how the player will perform, and secondly how many musicians are going to have music in the store (since we unfortunately can't see a catalogue). but also what the price will be, how many albums will be $15 and how many $25?  and is the price going to be reduced as popularity hopefully rises, or stay the same? (paid $3k for a 26" tv in 2005, hopefully the ponostore will follow the same price trend).
@ian  i love your  "thigh enough", or should that be: thigh? enough? ahem :) seriously, there is something about this medium, where whatever you type is perfectly visible, forever that is a bit scary.... i still don't bother to proof-read. i did get your drift and thanks for your massive contributions on here.
@richheart  i can remember very clearly the first time i heard cd.l it was through a sony cdp101 as mentioned in the article. a sampler disc put together to show us what perfect sound forever sounded like. roxy music with avalon, steve miller band with abracadabra - that kind of thing.  it blew us away. for about 10 minutes and then we realised that really it wasn't very nice to listen to . it sounded very hifi and not like music. it was tiring to listen to, it sounded hard and glassy. back to the turntable until people like meridian and mission started to make players that sounded ok. over the years we have learned a lot about cd. the mastering process is critical - nimbus in the uk got the accolade as the best masterers of cds - and the player designers started to grapple with different bit rates - form massive oversampling, upsampling, to 16 bit linear. these days i can listen to decent cd playback but i get very very annoyed when yet another remastered version comes out on cd and i ask 'why couldn't they just master it properly in the first place'. as ron has pointed out his mighty krell cd p[layer sounds fine. i wonder how many ponos one of them would buy? you do seem to be on a mission to convince everyone that cd is perfect sound forever though. it isn't for me and i did the first radio series in the uk dedicated to the medium.
@ian: same here, i really hoped that the minidisc would have made it to the common standard, but they failed and this invention was never decided for further inventions. *sighs* i would really wish i heard this interview, cause it sounds like a good insight to the market problems for new inventions. @richheart: thank you very much for the link. :* *starts reading*
@philip ultimately the market sets the price. first question is whether there is a market for hd files? for that to happen there has to be a platform to play them on and customers who want them. if the sums add up then it will happen. it is all a bit chicken and egg. like it was with cd. pono is addressing building the capacity to play the files anywhere by anyone with a  few hundred bucks. everybody wants everything now. it will take time, but it will get there. unless we all say 'nah... not interested'. hi res is here already, it isn't going to go away, the level of enthusiasm for it will set the price.
http://kenrockwell.com/audio/why-cds-sound-great.htm all worth reading, but especially "computer audio" point 4, where he discusses dynamic compression.
@philip that workingman's is supposed to sound amazing, i've heard good things.
@claudia. i still have two minidisc decks and a portable - all about to go on ebay. it was a good format and the last attempt that sony really made to win a format war. it broke the ground with the walkman, tried betamax which was better by far than the other formats, but lost out for a very sad reason (a lot to do with the relaxation of censorship and the american porn market), then there was elcaset and finally minidisc. they cooled their burnt fingers and partnered with philips for cd. on the radio here in the uk this week there was a programme about the inventor of the lasers used in cd players. english bloke who could get no one interested in his invention. only philips showed any interest. the rest as they say is history. i remember the first demonstration from philips of cd. it had a desktop cd player with a very fat cable leading to a very large box under the table - that was the processors to do all of the digital work.
i'll chime in on the cost of files:  i agree with pearl jam about the cost.  i plan to add my cd's i already have to my pono.  i'm a deadhead, only two albums are on hd tracks, 40 min each.  i will buy some new music, but will not spend money for music i already have.  if they want this to make it in the long run, the prices have to be appealing. i'm hoping the ptb realize that there is an appetite for the files, they just have to be marketed at a reasonable price.
and i`m still wanting a kickstarter for a kickstarter edit button! :p
@ian: yeah, i just remember the run for the new media, which the cd won and how much different other products were left behind. did you remember the minidiscs? they only got a short hype and afterwards went down faster, than i had expected it.
i do wish i could edit my own comments here. i always spot typos just after i have pressed 'submit'. 'no linear' should be non linear' for example. bear in mind that cd was criticised, even before it won the race to get digital to market against maybe 5 other formats, for not being thigh enough resolution. there was a very strongly held view that, had cd waited another two years, we could have had 20 bit 48khz processing and it would have been an awful lot better. these days memory is more or less free, processing power is massive and sufficient for commodity products to have everything needed to make hi res a success. at last - after 30 + years.
i think that initially the exclusivity of the hi-res music can justify a slightly higher price. in the long run though, i doubt that more than $1/track can be charged if the mass market are to jump onboard.
for any new format to be successful it needs ubiquity - i.e. it has to get to a point where the platform is widely available, there is a wide range of content and it is accessible by a large market. that does not happen overnight. it didn't with cd - early players were very expensive, as were the cds - it was all premium product stuff. oh yeah, the catalogue was severely limited too. dire straits and billy joel and classical and that was more or less all. to begin with. and critical reviewers said the sound quality isn't worth it or even as good as vinyl. well, not all, some said it was perfect sound forever.  pono is aiming to build some of that ubiquity for hi res. growth of such things tends to be no linear - it seems to grow slowly and steadily, reaches a critical point and then takes off. then competition will be on price and the price will come down because there is a big enough market. things rarely arrive as low cost when they are new. it takes time. but it will happen. take a peek at the priced of early cd players and cds to see what i mean.
yeah, supply and demand regulate every price. that`s simple market economy. ;) but the main thing for a company is, that there is enough demand for their product at a price, they can get a profit margin, that is high enough to ensure the further development, to keep the established clientele.
no matter what we're talking about (music, video, computers, cars, houses and so on...) it's worth what people are willing to pay. some people are willing to pay $20k for a b&o television, others $350 for a sony, and thats totally okay. the problem is that not all people are willing to pay $25 for an album. that means that the format doesn't get as widespread (look at stores selling ordinary mp3 files vs. those selling flac files, and compare their popularity, like hdtracks vs, itunes). the lack of knowledge of the flac format, due to interest, due to cost is what is the cause of mp3 "winning the game", and that leads to a smaller interest from many musicians to record their songs in high definition, since they don't sell as many flac files as they do mp3 files, and therefore don't make as much money. imagine 15k people buying music from the pono store, is that enough to keep it running? no. if pono want more people to buy their music, in order to survive in the long run (hopefully many years). they have to appeal to a broad audience, not just audiophiles. i believe that the broad audience wants good quality music (hd music), but i also know that almost zero of the people i talk to (young people) buy records or cd's, because they would rather buy tracks from the internet for $.99, than pay $20 for a cd or a record.  most young people buy a song (or more) and listen to it for a couple of weeks, and then buy a new one, and are therefore not willing to pay $25 for an album, they've forgotten all about in a years time. i know that some people are willing to pay big bucks for the same album over and over, in order to achieve the best possible music experience. but where stores like itunes make the big bucks is in people impulsively buying a new track or album they've heard over the radio, or at one of their friends houses, at a party etc. and many of those people don't feel comfortable about making an impulsive buy for $25 dollars, when the could make one for $.99.
pricing... something is worth whatever someone will pay for it. generally speaking, the higher the quality (or rarity), the higher the price that can be charged. the rapid rise in vinyl sales over the past 5-10 years is not because it is cheap. generally speaking a new vinyl album costs around £20 in the uk - that's around $35 us. people pay that (me included) for 'special' albums that we really want. is the same for hi res - if you are content with cd / 320kbps then stick with that. there are many albums that i have on cd that i just rip in uncompressed form and leave it at that - i don't listen to them intently, they are on in the background whilst i do something else.  there are some that i really want on vinyl or hi res - those that i really do want to just listen to and not do anything else whilst i listen and enjoy - and i will get those regardless of whether i have the cd or not. over the years i have bought some albums 6 or 7 times as the quality has improved in various formats. all the time i have been looking for something that gets me closer to the artist and what they recorded.  hi res and pono' intention is to do just that. and i salute that intention. and if i can buy that more or less directly from the artists involved then i get even closer to them. i bought kate bush's 50 words for snow in hi res directly from her website and this week i got rewarded by being sent an invitation to apply for pre sale tickets for her first gigs in 39 years. this is about your and my relationship with the artists. well, it is for me anyway. in the future we will have holographic playback of the artists in our living room. and people will say 'yeah but it isn't that good is it?'. like they always have and will.
@creator the handmade case for the pono player...will it have belt loops?
@ peter - and you probably wouldn't be able to tell the difference.
@jdc - no, i'll listen to cd quality material forever when much higher quality is available. in fact, i'll just throw that out and listen to a 64 kb/s mp3 cover by a 2 year old girl.
@pearl jam i agree with you. i obviously don't know how much the labels want for each album, but i really can't believe that it's in the range of a cost that would force pono to demand $15-25 dollars per album. if the labels demanded that kind of money for the albums, i can't see how a cd wouldn't cost considerably more than it does, given the price of the disc, the manufacturing, the package, shipment, and the money earned by the store (which i would suspect to be approximately the same amount that ponomusic earns). a lot of people are discussing wether or not you can truly hear the difference between a cd, and the ultra high resolution that ponomusic offers, and i can't see why those people wouldn't just opt for buying a cd, and ripping it, or buying a 320 kbps mp3 file, if they think the price is to high.
i obviously support this project but the real money is in selling the music. there's no way they're going to succeed with a price point of $15-25 per album. unless they're below $15 (or more like $12), i don't plan on buying any pono music and everyone i've spoken to feels the same. we're all just going to rip our current cds and continue to buy the physical copies. it's insane (no matter the bitrate) to pay that much more for something digital. itunes works because it's cheaper than physical. i hope pono realizes that they will fail if their albums cost more than cds. and i don't believe for a second any of that talk about the labels setting the prices and that pono is at their mercy. steve jobs demanded $.99 a song and he got it. people all over the net are laughing at $15-25. it's a joke. pono, i'm telling you, halve your cut if it's the only way to lower the album cost. you'll sell more music and everyone wins.
community of ponopeople.. visit us @ www.ponopeople.org
@pono i coined it: :) "oh no, oh no, it sure ain't no pono."
@pono i do not want my real name on any web site i get enough unsolicited email phone calls and junk mail. way to much identity theft now a days. if it is the screen name well ok but not real personal data. thanks
@jr  to hear you tube compressed video soundtrack and to say it sounds great, is like: my albums, which late 70's were converted to compact cassette and in 2000 the cassettes were converted to mp3 @128kb/s. those old albums sure do bring back memories, those i can't replace are still giving me goosebumps. but oh no, ono, they sure ain't no pono
@jr srkha sorry have not looked at audio stuff for cars in long time to many holes in my car to make a difference.  as far as the video i don't believe for a second that anything you heard was real every second would have been checked and gone over for perfect sound quality pretty sure the 1959 continental came with am radio only so you know some major top quality stuff is in that car
@richheart you got a great point what we heard was our system i guess it really isn't as bad as everyone is saying
@pear jam didn't you watch it or read any of the pr they said it sounded good so it had to you can't lie on the internet!
@jr skrha cool. well, if the video sounded that good through your system, imagine how good a pono is going to sound connected to it. good stuff
there was a video clip of neils car should system playing alabama.  there was a professional video man with a quality camera recording as eddie veddar got out of the car.  when the car door opened, the sound that came out and was recorded sounded much richer and fuller than i would have normally expected to hear on a video.  i know that video is compressed and so is the audio on the video.  yet, the sound that was recorded sounded really good.  thats all i am saying.
@jr skrha sorry, but i still have no idea what you're talking about. it is impossible for you to know what neil's system sounds like unless you're actually in the car. what am i missing here?
rich, much of the music you listen to is rich, full, clear, or bad.... the sound coming out of neils car sounded amazing... although i listen to it on my adam studio monitors s3a x 2 plus sub12
@jr skrha how can you have been impressed with the sound system, on the video? all you heard was your sound system!  :)
hi tjc,  i just bought a new mcintosh car amp mc431 and i am redesigning my 2005 ford excursion diesel suv audio system and i figured i would start with the amp first and then a head unit to hook the pono up to. i want the unit to have usb or some other connection to play 24_192 audio.  i have a sound device 744 recorder that records in 24_192 and is 4 channel.  any  thoughts as to the radio/player?   thanks,  joe ray skrha joeray@alaska.net
@jr skrha  lets hope they answer would hope it was a stock unit. they didn't the first time especially interested in how its wired in don't recall if they had tape deck in 1959 continentals nor aux inputs
@pono really don't want my name on any website besides it would show up for each account i have.
i am a proud backer of pono and i have been able to have 10 of my clients also pledge 400. each... i saw a video of neil and his beautiful continental playing his song alabama using his promo pono.  i was so very impressed with the sound.  can you tell me what kind of audio system neil has in his 1959 continental in addition to his pono unit?  sincerely,  joe ray skrha   at:  joeray@alaska.net
@tom glasstetter we wish the artists would advertise their own ponos to their fans.  you can reach out to them on their website and suggest this.
@pono, while you're here, will the pono player have the audio "degrading" function to compare formats, that neil mentions in his book waging heavy peace"?
@pono what names would you put on the website the screen name or the real name?
@kyle french today we've started an outreach on twitter to try to get the message out to the fans of other artists.  if all our backers can follow us on twitter and retweet our posts, the ripple effect will reach millions of people.  if anyone here is thinking about non-financial means of supporting us, twitter is an extremely good vehicle for the outreach.
@tjc we will have a special page on our ponomusic.com website where we will acknowledge and thank by name every supporter who donates to our kickstarter and helps ponomusic get started.  sort of like the credits at the end of a movie.
@gary craig we are working on getting younger artists to join the ponomusic movement.   we need your daughter and other young fans to reach out to their favorite artists and encourage them to join ponomusic movement.
@pono ok thanks maybe you can explain what  website thanks means?
@kyle french we very much want all indie artists to be featured on ponomusic.  in fact, we have a special email address to receive emails from interested artists:  artists@ponomusic.com.  once we wrap up kickstarter, we will work on a program to onboard independent artists.  we just need some time to get the ducks in a row.
@peter beck we really appreciate you spreading the word, especially on the fan site of other artists.  if the word is to get out, it'll be a grassroots effort from all our supporters.
for each kenny rodgers pono sold, everyone should donate an extra dollar ;-)
@tjc the desktop software we're planning on releasing will very likely have the ability to rip cds to flacs. we have requests for recommending a number of things such as rip software, headphones, etc.  we really won't be able to make recommendations until after kickstarter. please forgive us for not responding to everything as we are really inundated with questions and comments.
@bastian dam bastian this is a movement to inform the public about what they're missing. once the first set of players are shipped to our supporters and they let others to listen to them, we believe the tide will turn. ponoplayer is one of those things that you simply have to hear for yourself.  our kickstarter supporters are helping us to start something here that will someday change the music industry.
@pono i know its been asked several times without an answer will the software that comes with pono be able to rip cd's to flac's if not can you recommend a software package. i know several have been suggested. but since you guys are the experts your opinion on software capabilities would be appricated
@bastian dam this is a great plan that many people should consider.  ripping your current library of cds and records is a great way to start a hi-res library to get you started.  just be sure that you software is configured to rip losslessly and ideally to flac, although other formats work as well.
@dennis lane yes.  the player makes all the music you own sound better.  you should consider purchasing the music that is special to you in hi-res.
@tyson a supina  alaska is in the us.  so you don't need international shipping.
re last post ........the shingles are probably still there!!
check this out. neil young the carpenter! you couldn't make this up......http://www.thespec.com/whatson-story/4429417-neil-young-bought-copies-of-comes-a-time-album-to-use-as-roofing-/
@carlos never happen pigs would fly first
oo a black first ed (oct delivery) opened up
@alaska is in the united states
@carlos i only got away with the divorce jibe cause i am in scotland and my wife is in california....
still not sure if my pledge for a dave matthews player is going to be enough, i live in alaska. i always get charged extra for shipping w/ most everything else. q: do i need to pledge the extra $15. i'm hoping to get a response from the company on this issue. also a bela fleck le would be nice.
now if neil would put one of those signed 50's gold top les pauls up, we would see 5 maybe 6m!
@wayne that was funny lol.  divorce included if you get 3!  but if you get a judge that loves music, then you are set ;)
@peter beck....then i guess i will speak for myself. :/
@bastian @gary hopefully that's part of the pono deal.....reasonably priced reliable hi-res music from a site that is easy to navigate. some of these sites are ludicrous in the way they are set up.
this is fun; i open the comments here to check on the banter. i thought i'd never be pragmatic in my life, but i went for a yellow pono. the way i see it, that will allow me (at least) one hundred dollars to buy pono music based on the comments after we've all settled in with our new toys. spacing out on a plane with eyes closed, i won't care what the magic thing looks like...
@ peter - you are kidding right?
@ ian kendrick thanks for the info on the metallic case not sure why the "engineers could have referenced something like that"  we used to have something in this country called customer satisfaction.
@peter i think theres a couple of neil albums i can do without buying again. the rest are earmarked.
anyone want to trade their pearl jam le for my csny le player?  email me at duncanjt@telus.net
@dennis: speak for yourself. i'll gladly buy my catalog again if the quality is much better.
i think everyone is concerned with the price of the music, considering many have already purchased the same albums many times. but the player should be a good bet to get the best out of the music you already own.
pono just tweeted the first image (or at least the first that i've seen) of the pearl jam le on their twitter account.  i've posted the image at www.ponopeople.org
coming from europe i won't be able to download the music to begin with,  but i count on ripping cd's and records to start with, and later on buying some music from the store (and also being restrictive).
@ bastian, price of music is a concern. i will have to be restrictive of what i get from ponostore.
@gary craig i'm 23 and have pledged for a yellow pono. i've told some of the people i study with about the pono, and the "problems"  i've heard them mention is that the music is to expensive, and that they can't find the music of the artists they like in high resolution file (on hdtracks etc.).  also many of them simply don't know the concept of flac files and  are unsure as to whether they can tell the difference between flac and itunes quality mp3.
@gary you shouldn't have shown me that site. i'll be in big trouble now
@wayne, count yourself lucky. i'm watching stuff on rrauction site...that is expensive. one click and its john wayne bobbit time.
changed anyway so foo le up for grabs to anyone
i've heard that! for me 1 could be divorce. however news not broken yet
@wayne thanks, but currently pledged for 2 ponos, divorce is included if you get 3........
gary if you want a foos le then i'm thinking of changing so let me know :)
the manage your pledge page seems to be updated way faster than here....
foos is gone
there was a pj earlier too
foos fighters available... 1.  grab while you can ..
@kyle re 'younger',  i deliberated over choice of word and still couldn't get away from mr young.....
but alas... i understand that you mean involved with the company... and yes i agree.  there needs to be an official street team of sorts... somebody that represents the actual brand itself
lol i'm a 'younger'
@kyle after my daughters comment, in the cold light of day, for this to work big time, the 'younger' have to be involved at some stage....
i've been busy and will be busy the next couple of days, but what about joining a few forums of the artists and spreading the word through there? :-)
unfortunately, i think a lot of the younger artists that would be interested in this kind of thing are not as mainstream as you'd think.  there tends to be a chasm in what youngsters consider to be 'good music', and younger artists find themselves carrying the flag with this kind of thing for independent labels. an example, as mentioned at ponopeople.org, would be jonathan wilson at bella union records.  i really hope ponomusic is working just as hard on getting independent labels involved as they are the big guns.
@ryan totally agree, i am a huge neil young fan, he comes way ahead of any other artist for me. @kyle my daughter wondered why not so many younger artists? think she is right too.
duly noted.....great
@bill and i'm one of those....david lemieux (archivist) has been contacted by at least a few people already...
@pono   there is a large community of deadheads who would eat this up. reach out to bob weir or phil lesh, mickey hart and bill kreutzmann or whoever is at the management helm. hi res live shows on a pono would be just the ticket. 500 would be gone very quickly.
i feel like we need to get this thing outside of the neil young bubble.  these other artists should be selling out, but they're not.  and there's still too many buffalo springfield les available.  if other artists are on board with this thing, their fanbases should be hearing about it.
those of us who are big neil young fans are neil young fans first and pono fans second. we want to be a part of this revolution! plus, i think you will sell lots!
@ryan something tasteful for ben keith?
i 2nd that
please consider adding another neil young award!
u think maybe bob dylan le is being held for the half way stage? cause its just about half way now.....
judging by popularity of the le's being selected it appears that most of the supporters enjoy good songwriters with a unique sound. there's an awesome singer/songwriter named andrew duhon from new orleans that may impress many of you. he would make a great addition to the selections. regardless, i highly recommend giving him a listen at andrewduhon.com
@ron thomas -  they both came out around 24hrs. ago and there was a tweet but no updates on here, you just have to notice i suppose, not great if you are following and say bruce springsteen came up and no warning from kickstarter on here : (
i just put a post on rodney crowell's fb. apparently emmylou doesn't do social media.
if any of you guys are feeling that there isn't an le pono here for you, maybe you would consider a donation to walter trout. he is in desperate need of a liver transplant without which things are looking not too good. http://www.youcaring.com/medical-fundraiser/walter-trout-needs-a-new-liver-you-can-help-/151911
why no updates on 2 new pono le
kenny rogers le now on
emmylou harris up and kenny rodgers up on pledge, le now
that being said, i'm trying to get the word out via twitter now.  you can find ponopeople.org on twitter, look for @pono_people
@tom without a doubt, as i've reserved a dmb le. this thing should've been gone the first day it was available.  its a poor showing of the band's fans.
do bands put any information out to their fans about the le ponos available? i only ever hear about it from pono, but some bands and pono might benefit from word of mouth. i imagine if dmb put something on their site or an email to fans it would push more units.
i agree
@ron. i bought a pono too - partly for the product, but at least as much to support the project and the intent behind it. it's all about the music for all of us i reckon.
i hear you ian. i was just expressing my feelings. any, i bought a porno player, and hope to enjoy it too. hey,  it didn't hurt to keep what you have add onto it. thanks for your thoughts ian.
@ron i have heard good and bad cd - from the likes of meridian, audio research, krell, naim and so on. and hi res stuff through all sorts of systems too. there is good and not so good everywhere, of course. and good cd will sound better than bad hi res or vinyl. but that does not negate dennis m's arguments.  krell are all about high end statement build like a tank products. there are more and more such manufacturers these days, as there are for very expensive cars, watches and the like. very very few can afford them and so they are called aspirational. fo rthe vast majority of people they are out of reach and will stay that way. pono is about giving everyone access to decent sound - something i totally support. i sit somewhere in the middle ground in terms of what i can afford. and i am very grateful that i can afford good quality kit. i count my blessings.
@treatise, @creator meant to say that "a metallic casing is not conducive producing distortion free sound," which in other words means that a pono player with a metal case won't sound better than it does already. pono is crafting a player that will be exceedingly revealing of source files. the next generation in audio reproduction may see us jack in like johnny mnemonic...
@kyle i did the same with the eagles. was a big tommy bolin fan, got into james gang. got to know about joe walsh leaving to give tommy his stint. followed joe walsh, then heard about the eagles. this was retrospectively when i was mid teens.
think the reason b springfield haven't been snapped up is cause most people on this forum already have 1 or 2 and 2 is a lot of peoples limit. marketing is the answer, to bring in more pledges. its bound to tail off a little after initial surge though. by the way i love buffalo springfield too.
@philip on younger people... i'm a young person and buffalo springfield is how i came to know ny. sounds a bit backwards, and probably a rarer case than you'd find. it's a shame people aren't familiar. 'kind woman' might be one of the most beautiful love songs i know.
@ian, say what you want. krell cipher plays cd and sacd only. i've heard a lot of hi rez files, and krell sound better than almost all of these played  from hi rez players. there's a lot more inside of a unit for sonic, separation, imaging, soundstage and   3d depth. i'm slowly adding hi rez to my system. i heard a lot of 192/24, and much sounds too thin. also, these were listened on $100.000 systems.
i'm really surprised that the buffalo springfield pono music players have not been snatched up.  guess i may showing my age here.  many younger folks may be clueless about the band.  poor kenny rogers has only sold one.  i'm delighted to have a nych le player on the way.  maybe they need to market these things a little better.  i'm sure phish, wp, gregg allman, warren haynes, surviving members of the grateful dead would get on this bus.  that's my 2 cents, "for what its worth."
oops .... that's the strained quantum-well laser to be precise. alf adams. english bloke.
@ron  i don't think that is what dennis m is doing. he has held that position for a very long time. to cynically doubt his integrity without looking at his track record is not really on. and as he says, many components are clad in aluminium.  krell have a great reputation. named after the advanced beings (long dead) in forbidden planet i think. i have huge respect for them, have had since the ksa50. yesterday i listened to a programme on the radio about the inventor of the solid state laser around which all cd/dvd transports, and a lot of other things are built. he was rejected by his academic peers, manufacturers and industry because he went against all the accepted wisdom of the day about what was right and wrong. sometimes the quiet voice, who sees things differently, should be listened to. he did not patent the laser by the way...
i believe dnm design is just promoting there product.
i read article and see that aluminum is non magnetic.
@ian, i own a krell cipher source player, it's in closed in a solid aluminum metal case! this thing sounds incredible, and specs are great.
@ian kendrick: thank you very much for the link regarding metal cases.
@richheart  ah.... will check that out. thanks.
@ian the valve amp (on ks) has an add-on mc section
community of ponopeople.. visit us @ www.ponopeople.org
@tjc - i love my audible illusions preamp, but that cornet looks great for the price!
@treatise and co - about non metallic casework. there is evidence for this and a few high end manufacturers shun metal casework for what they believe to be very good reasons. this might help... http://www.dnm.co.uk/materials.html
@tjc   valve (tube) preamp look very good. seems it will only work with mm cartridges though, which is a shame otherwise i would be interested in one. i had a high end valve phone preamp on loan many years ago feeding an audio research sp8. it stays in my memory as the best sound i have ever heard.
do you have a photo/mock up of what the leather case and presentation box for the signature series players will look like? also, do you have the layout of how the artist signature will fit on the face of the pono player? thanks!
regarding hearing music on my phone ... only once tried to listen to a flac orchestra recording on my note 3 ... never ever again! o.o @jdc: that would even make a cool april`s fool. ;)
even a fun stretch goal like a toblerone bar with each player.
i'd also like to hear how a metallic casing would adversely impact audio quality, as it sounds preposterous. i'd like a metal casing as a stretch goal or an le.
are there stretch goals available? strong suggesting one!
well i have been looking for a preamp for my turntable to rip some tracks and this just popped up on kickstarter looks like it might do the trick a real tube preamp you can build or let him build for you. any comments i know its like double the price of a pono https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1907446723/cornet3-a-diy-tube-phono-preamp
@pono  only 20 days left and pledges seem to be slowing a bit, might be good to engage with the viral marketing gurus.  maybe stretch goals are needed.  this project should be able to out perform the $50k/day ad money of flappy bird.  keep up the project marketing intensity.  another $5 mil would really get pono off to a spectacular start.
also, thanks tjc. i'll get direct connection. no adapter:
i meant wbt-rca
@pfc, i've found them on 2nd page.  thanks for the info. i'm going to order a kimber cable too. i have a mini to rca, monster cable brand, but will switch to higher end kimber. also, i didn't no they sold the 1/8mini to wbt-xlr. once again, thank you very much.
@ron thomas looks like they have any type of cable you might need i would not use an adapter get the ends you need their web site as lots more than you will find on amazon http://www.kimber.com/products/interconnects/analog/
i think pono and ponomusic are going to be hugely successful; artists and audiophiles are super excited.  ideally, the ponomusic site would become the equivalent of an itunes or amazon mp3 for high resolution recordings.  we are so far beyond the wow factor of its digital and portable, cool.  today's popular music sites are a travesty to artists, with their low resolution offerings.  i am old enough to know what good sounds like.  unfortunately, younger listeners have only known low rez formats, and now internet streaming is being marketed as the best choice for getting all the music you want, cheaply.  what's next, music over a string and two cups? :)  i have no doubt that pono is going to bring positive change.  you need to back this project!
@pono so is their any place to attach anything to the pono like a strap or a hole to tie a string to or do we have to make something when we get it it don't look like it will be very comfortable stuffing it in your pocket.
@pfc, what model of kimber, length, and price did you order? do they come mini jack to rca, or do you have to get and adapter? thanks
@jdc: the interesting thing about the ponoplayer is that once you listen to hi-res music on it, it makes music on your mobile phone sound like noise. it's extremely hard to go back. i personally haven't listened to mp3s for some time. there is simply no enjoyment in them. on a recent flight i listened to pono instead on my mobile phone. i closed my eyes and i was transported to a beach in cancun. it made the flight go by so quickly that i was amazed when we landed. best regards, pedram abrari
@pono regardless of what you say about the metal case can you please explain i asked this once before with no answer. i know you may have been busy but maybe someone can advise?  @pono "a metallic finish is not conducive to producing distortion free sound." this really is puzzling. almost every high end audio equipment i have seen has been shield in metal and then maybe also inside of a wooden case. can someone please indicate what scientific reason exists for this. now i could better understand why if this was an iphone as referenced in one post and someone put the antenna under the metal casing that it would have an effect. but even though several people asked it was my understanding that this had no wifi or bluetooth capability so. it would make sense that metal shielding would keep stray electrical interference from mucking up the perfect sound this unit is claiming to deliver. i am not going to email this question to pono as i figure we have numerous backers on this project that likely know how this really works. and i don't want to take away precious time from their hectic schedule by answering these type questions i was actually expecting all of the units to be made of metal hope this works out for the best.
@jim humphry great posting
@pfc - thanks man!
@gary: gary. this is great. we love how you're using the time to prepare for the ponoplayer. in the earlier post we meant to say a metallic casing is not conducive producing distortion free sound. our casing will not be metal for this reason, but for the le players it will have a metallic finish.
@dennis lane: make sure you do the losslessly. many rip apps by default rip to a lossy format and overly compress files.
starting to feel invisible...later.
i plan on ripping my many dvds, cds, and vinyl in anticipation of receiving my pono.
david stecklair: i ordered these one from needledoctor.com. i think multiple companies rep them. haven't ordered from needledoctor.com  previously but already got some good comms and replies from them so i am comfortable with the order. they have good length choices there....but not even sure if i am allowed to post another business name in these posts so no problem if pono needs to pull this. not trying to endorse any one company. but the cables are high performance.
@pete, thank you for reminding me about an hour ago about earlier comments. i am amused by some of these comments. i looked into the past and found that the comments you referred to took place on march 18 & 19. richheart is intensely prolific and had been commenting (and cautioning) about pono housing materials. i thought that creator's simple comments were really interesting. he wrote to richheart, saying, "you're correct. a metallic finish is not conducive to producing distortion free sound." on the face of it, we might have interpreted that to mean that a metallic finish is detrimental to producing distortion-free sound. but that is not what he said, is it? i believe that creator really meant that the guts of pono, its design, layout, circuitry and so on is what will ultimately produce distortion-free sound. now while i'm here, @pete, i'll tell you that i was writing in a humorous vein about creating a faraday cage for housing the pono within a motor vehicle environment. that's why i referred to not just foil, but tin hat foil--get it? in no fashion did i intend to insult the audiophiles among us, only some of the the suppliers who cater to them. i have reread (again) this kickstarter's home page about pono's mission and really, really trust that i'll be surprised and delighted with the device, its ease of operation and the online store. i haven't yet been able to download free sample files from a particular high definition website. no matter, i've been ripping cds, dvds, blu-rays and dvd-audio to flac files. once i have almost 50gb worth, i'll simply burn them to a dual-layer blu-ray. i'm not writing this to impress you, @pete, only to tell you that from now until october, we all can do much to prepare for pono. i've even bit my tongue and resisted buying memory cards, hoping that what is available in october can only become less expensive and larger in capacity. we have the time, time enough at last, as mr. bemis (burgess meredith) had said...
jdc: passed your comment on to my wife and she thanks you for the support. she knows it won't help but appreciates it nonetheless :-)
your right @jdc, but i would never buy an all in one tv. the inconvenience of carrying a pono along with a phone is not that big a deal. at one time we used to carry phones, pagers, and quarters for when they did not work.
@ dennis - maybe people just realised it would be taking a step back as most people play music throught their phones these days. it would mean carrying around two devices again and one that isn't very pocket friendly. pfc - i agree with your wife
sorry just playing.
@creator can you include kimble kables with the pono, radio shack is having a clearance sale?
kimber kables? wow, i never knew anyone would pay that much for a patch cord. carry on!
things are really slowing for the pono.....they need a marketing blitz. most people don't know kickstarter even exists.
thanks pete. my wife thinks i am crazy for paying the price i do for these cables but i am a fan of them and would buy them regardless :-)
decisions decisions they keep dumping more limited edition ones not sure what to do do i dump the ny for one of these new ones or wait to see what is next only 500 out of 500 still available oh my
@pfc - just checked out kimber kables when you mentioned them. they look pretty sweet. just curious where you ordered from? amazon doesn't seem to have a very thorough selection.
@pvc should of asked for them they said they would supply any accessories. apparently they are working on a mounting bracket for in the car. don't see why they would supply these as well.   @eduard nuijen: based on community feedback, we'll supply any accessories our users need.
it's pretty interesting that neil demos pono in the videos using led zeppelin's "kashmir". hi-res versions are in the cards for zeppelin's remaster campaign, so i'm wondering if neil got jimmy to hook him up with an early access copy.
so pumped to get my ponoplayer. have already ordered some kimber kables for the ultra connection.
........supertramp........
how about a yooper pono for @jim humphry  and @ richheart http://www.youtube.com/watch…
i'm loving pono so far, been asked to get a csn&y so eye's open for that one if one comes up. beer & pono - i cant wait! i have visions of sipping some pliny the younger or elder for that matter and listening to some hi res tooones! man that stuff is good! hop tastic!
kenny rogers too.  1 of 500 still available for both.
emmylou harris has been added.
beer is indeed a good analogy to music.  enjoy it almost as much.  sometimes i read about a new brew, sometimes a friend sings it's praises and sometimes it's taste (good or bad) seems to bear little resemblance to its specific gravity, alcohol content or ibu count.  sorry you won't be in town the 14th.  i'll be there for a couple of hours tomorrow around 2 pm as well.
beer is good. i won't be in london on the dates you gave. beer is a good analogy to music. when i am in a pub, i always prefer draft. i like beer that goes with the food, will drink japanese beer in a japanese restaurant etc. i rarely drink beer at home, unless hanging out with friends, then i'll go with their brands mostly. so... beer like music, different emphasis with different circumstances.
rich,  no beer?
@jim the point about the nexus 5 came up as it is what i currently use for music. i didn't buy it for music, i didn't read the what hifi review prior to buying it. i bought a phone. i tried it for music. i liked what i heard. you could say i was as excited about it as some of the people in the video on here. i loaded hi-res music, i streamed and the phone's dac is bypassed, awesome. i played back music on good bt headphones and wow, these headphones sound way better than they did on my galaxy note 2.  so, for now, i am happy to travel with one, slim, flat box that does more than i thought i would be asking of it.  when the pono is reviewed, i will reconsider. i will ask myself: will the upgrade in sound be apparent in the (noisy) travel environments i will be using it in? will it be worth dragging around another box? will i give up on cord-less (bluetooth) headphones? should i pay another $400? if i tick all the boxes, i'll order a pono.  just sharing my thoughts. i am open minded, my thoughts get influenced by the opinions of others. it's what makes conversation worthwhile.
@jim the 5 i can listen to, so yes my view is subjective but i have access to it. i use the 5 to stream over wifi at full res, haven't tried the 3.5mm socket. i also use mm100 bt headset which is lossy, but definitely fits in with travel and sounds good enough on buses and trains. i am happier to wait and see on the pono, i am not sure i will be buying one. nonetheless, the main thing is not the unit that i may or may not be buying. the point of this forum is to discuss the merits or otherwise of what is on offer. the ponomusicstore is important not just for the 12,000 pono users, but for all who care about non-compressed hi-res music. leave out the psychoanalysis please.
@gary  tin foil they said in a comment that would make it worse i don't understand how but they did
hey rich,  i read your posts about your nexus5 and how great the sound was.  i checked on-line and found the only specs are 'noise 93.3 db/crosstalk 94.3 db'  seems that you are judging the sound subjectively in the absence of specs and aided by the reactions of others (what hifi).  hasn't the lack of specs and the subjective only reporting on the sound been one of your main beefs with pono?  as well, the 5 has a 3.5 mm stereo audio connector.  i thought that was another of your deal breakers with pono.   the passive-aggressive nature of some of your posts - what great equipment you have, how pono won't measure up, how you pledged then decided to give it all back and wait for pono 2.0, kinda seems overly negative to the concept of kickstarter in general and the pono dreams that gave birth to this one.  give 'em room to breathe.   but hey!  i'm going to be laid over in london airport april 14th from about 7 am to 4 pm.  i don't know how mobile you are, but we should get together for a pint.  face to face talk always beats this two fingered tap, tap, tap.....
@treatise: i know, but our hope will never die! ;)
sony hasn't been any faster, and they have their own label. i'll believe it when i see it; vague promises of "we're looking into it" or "as soon as possible" mean jack.
@treatise: let's keep our fingers crossed, that they will be much faster than apple was. ;)
@frank i wouldn't hold your breath. i'd be shocked and surprised if the store is open in any eu country outside of uk in less than a year. that's how long it took apple with itunes store, and many more to reach some european countries.
wow...looks like the chicago listening party might be a real intimate affair!  :)
pono music, what is special about the special edition ny player being given with the listening parties?
only seven month to go and i will be able to hear the pono player. hope the german pono store will oppenheim in the beginn of 2015.
congratulations on reaching over 600% of your initial goal for your campaign, pono music! long may you run.
hi guys, i'd love to see some moving images of the player and its operation itself. part of the pre-fun (to me) is to see someone operating something and reacting to the experience instantaneously. nevermind the prototype-stage (we won't pin you down on any details shown). just show us some more look-, feel- and hear experiences with "our holy grail"...
@pono, will the pono player have the "degrading" function, to compare the different audio qualities and bitrates that neil mentions in his book waging heavy peace?
anyone catch billy joel announce brian johnson as special guest at msg last weekend as 'acdc, probably the best band i ever saw' before breaking into 'you shook me...' totally surreal.
i'm sure. (electronics engineer)
@ron you are sure? i prefer to wait for reviews. i am lazy, want to walk about with one, slim, hi-res unit
@@richheart, your kidding right? none of those players you mention use discrete components. also, in next six months, the resolution won't be any higher. all hi end gear use some form of discrete components. why, better sound! no way the components mention will sound better, or anyway near pono.
@richheart, yes but pono give you option to connect to any pre and car mini aux in. also, one reason of pono size is room inside for discrete components. you'll get better sound this way. your nexus 5 doesn't use discrete components.
@ rich -  lost in translation i think! i though it was a good thing you brought it up again and as i said worth mentioning the why not! you're not mediating now :) he he!
neal young and pearl jam took hours to sell out. i deliberated a long time between ny and csn+y and was free to do so. i think the csn+y was second to go, then pj before cs+n.  the $200 ponos went in a flash. i went in to pledge for one, when there were 40something left. i flicked through the l.e. choices for about 3 minutes and then pressed pledge for a $200. it came back as 'gone'!
but at the same time, i appreciate that they are looking to get 'regular' people's testimonies to their product, which was the intent i think.
@james my thoughts exactly.... not sure i'd trade a bunch of 20-somethings listening through apple's buds over the actual artists that might have been cut to make way for them.
only 36 buffalo springfield ponos sold in 18 hours...crazy horse sold out in about 3 hours...makes me feel fortunate i was able to get the crazy horse...how fast did the first neil young & pearl jam ponos sell out...just curious i wasn't aware of this when those went up...lil late to the party.
re: the new testimonies. i don't know whether to think 'wow! they could hear a difference even when using apple earpods!' or 'are they honestly testing the pono player using apple earpods!?'
@douglas i got that. i was showing you the attitude and what is.  no need to argue...... oh... oh... cranberries remastered l.e. ? :)
@richheart you could get the key chain @ $20.00 from them or even the $49 belt (there all gone though) if the exchange rates stay put but after that they are breaking the law and you are liable to pay the duty etc. if the custom officers see fit.
@ian kendrick: thank you very much for your help!
uk import duty calculator is http://www.dutycalculator.com/new-import-duty-and-tax-calculation/ and if you pledged against an le @ $400 +$15 shipping you will pay in the region of £322.00 give or take £10.00 to get it in your hand.
@richheart import duty etc. you know we've been here before but its worth mentioning again. if you live in the uk or the eu you will get hit. the uk tax authority is hmrc here is what they say "gifts sent from outside the eu if you're sending or receiving a gift from outside the eu: • excise duty is payable on any alcohol or tobacco products • customs duty is payable if the value of the gift exceeds £135, but will be waived if the amount of duty is £9 or under •import vat is payable if the value of the gift exceeds £36 to qualify as a gift: • it must have been sent from a private person outside the eu to a private person(s) in the uk. • the customs declaration must be completed correctly – see guidance on the customs procedures for goods posted to the uk link below. • it must be for the use of either you or your family.  • there must be no commercial or trade element and it must not have been paid for by the recipient either directly or indirectly.  • it must be of an occasional nature only - for example for a birthday or anniversary. • if it's perfume or toilet water it must be within the allowances described in the earlier section 'perfume and toilet water'. if the allowances are exceeded than charges apply on the excess. customs procedures for goods posted to the uk gifts ordered over the internet - uk tax and duty still due ordering and paying for goods over the internet to be sent to someone other than you, doesn't count as a gift. the recipient will be liable to uk duty and tax."
so what geek festival was that pono video shot at? for the folks who were talking about the artists having listened in the car.....check out the new video.
@claudia  yep...
re: import and duty. i just got this on an update (to all backers) from another kickstarter project. what a contrast: "import tax info  one last thing to mention; in order to save our backers money on import taxes that most countries will require, we will be marking all orders as personal gifts to the receivers, as they truly are. if you have any additional questions please feel free to send me a message. thanks again for supporting eastwood slider belts as the company begins taking root and growing up."
@ron when i listen to my loudspeakers, i have excellent dacs so the pono would only be duplicating what i have. @tjc comparing pono to anything will be available after launch (october or later), by then the nexus 6, iphone6 and samsung and lg new models will be out, with higher specs. i mainly use the nexus 5 for streaming and the sound is excellent, including with hi-res, as what hi-fi say.
okay, added the suggestion as a new topic: http://ponopeople.org/viewtopic.php…
@creator righteous!  thank you.
@ian kendrick: you mean this thread, right? http://ponopeople.org/viewtopic.php…
hi friends. we added more testimonials to our kickstarter video. give it a watch!
@claudia - your pono bracket suggestion would be good in the ponopeople.org thread for suggestions and new products. best i
@the ponomusic team: thank you very much for the further information. one vote for car bracket!
steely dan's going to sound great on pono!.....can't wait!......i have not been as excited about anything music like i have pono! in,i can't remember when!
@martin that's a good question
a kraftwerk limited edition player would be great - hi res masters by them should be amazing...
@pono - will there be a way of locking the volume buttons whilst it's being carried in your pocket?
@eduard nuijen: based on community feedback, we'll supply any accessories our users need.
@ dana gibson - could've been this suggestion he gave "todd wilson: for mac/pc you can use a program called 'dvd audio extractor' to get the hi-res files off of dvd-a and blu-ray discs. it worked for me to have 24/192 flac files from my blu-ray ny archive box.:
@richheart you are right about portability this thing is huge and odd shaped i remember i carried the pjb-100 maybe one time and being all plastic instead of metal will be afraid it breaks so it will sit on shelf or car but it will sound nice they told us and that's important
@eduard nuijen: thank you very much for the effort! :*
@ claudia:  " does anybody know if there is a car attachment thing planed? i would love to use it in my car, but would prefer to have some kind of bracket for it." i have placed it as a question on www.ponopeople.org and will send it to pono as well, good idea
@gary: thank you very much for the info. :* maybe someone is interested in offering a bracket or docking station for it. *keeps her fingers crossed*
@claudia--no. pono has not told us about or shown us any planned bracket or docking station. however, what a delightful idea! with the audio outputs at one end of the player, envision a triangular socket in a heavy base presenting a couple of stereo miniplugs within, aligned to engage with both player jacks of a vertically-oriented pono. some of you with 3d printers may want to create a kickstarter docking station project... that would be only part of the car experience, as vehicles also having a usb jack could simultaneously charge the battery through the micro usb on the the other end of pono. in the automobile environment, though, it's a good thing that pono separated the charging jack from audio output jacks, as battery voltage can be electrically noisy. audiophiles among us may do well to line their console or glovebox with some tin hat foil...and rely on pono battery power alone.
looking to get a csn&y if anyone over pledged? : )
does anybody know if there is a car attachment thing planed? i would love to use it in my car, but would prefer to have some kind of bracket for it.
@richheart, can't you connect pono to preamp and listen from your loudspeaker?
@richheart i know they don't have specs on pono but would be nice to get a comparison of nexus vs pono
this is a good interview to share with friends concerning what pono is.   http://www.npr.org/blogs/allsongs/2014/03/19/291130878/neil-young-wants-you-to-truly-hear-music
"the nexus 5 also scores highly on audio. the sound is clean and balanced, with a good degree of dynamism and drive. it has the impressive detail we like in the lg g2, but with a much greater sense of attack. lg and google haven’t made a point of advertising the phone’s support for high-res audio up to 24-bit/192khz. our flac album of daft punk’s random access memories loaded up without a hitch and offered up a remarkable boost in subtlety and texture." from: http://www.whathifi.com/review/google-nexus-5
nexus 5 i use bubble upnp for hi res streaming but it does also have a hi res dac. i am more of a loudspeaker person than headphone guy. interestingly, all the enamoured stars in the pono promo video, heard the pono through loudspeakers (if i understood).
@richheart what model phone do you have a am close to being able to up grade didn't know any phones had high res players like pono
@treatise whilst very much supporting pono and hoping the hi-res remasters will provide welcome higher standards across the board, i am less than excited about the pono unit.  i believe it is a little too late and a not really portable.  when i asked myself to be honest: "will i be taking this with me everywhere i go, when i have a hi-res player built into my phone?", i ended up deciding to wait for the store.
community of ponopeople...  visit us @ www.ponopeople.org
@rich i'd rather get a second round pono. there are possibly toothing issues with the first round of manufacturing a new product, which are hopefully ironed out in the second and subsequent rounds.
@ henry hanna - nice bit of melodious thunk...
@ dana - that's what i was wondering too. please clarify pono. everyone seems to be obsessing about which le number they have/which artists have signed up and not about specifics of the player.
location, location, location - or, the amazing influence of scroll-down. round 1 of the $300 ponos, blacks first, yellows next, blacks out-pledged yellows 2:1, consistently. round 2: yellows first, blacks next, 11% advantage to black.  we can learn (i believe) that the order of pledge levels is a critical factor in choice of pledge. is it that people are too lazy to scroll down? i suspect that it is that as soon as someone sees something they like, they take it.  so, 1, i would recommend moving all the pledged-out items to the end of the list. 2, perhaps re-order the list of pledges in the order: least pledged first. just a thought :)
who's todd wilson and what was his suggestion?
edit: got my answer a bit of goggling.. http://www.smh.com.au/digital-life/mp3s/rocker-neil-young-wins-backers-for-challenge-to-ipod-20121116-29g2w.html
is ivanhoe inc, your parent company? i receive payment confirmation from them. . just curious..
@todd wilson: great suggestion todd. thanks
@ pierrick falmon now i understand  john vanderslice had a project on kickstarter cant say ive heard of him. but ill find some of his music and give a listen. but i found him so pono could of also a couple of months was a dumb reply.
@ pierrick falmon each have their own personal taste another old timer on the johnny cash show http://www.youtube.com/watch…
what about this dead guy pono http://www.youtube.com/watch…
@pete sorry, i really don't want to be negative. i backed that project already and i was waiting for it to happen for years. i love most of the bands in the videos and i love most of the bands people want as a le. i just tend to think that jim morrison, frank sinatra and kurt cobain editions are less relevant for now. :) @jdc sound quality based on the way to record music and experience it. no tentative to discuss music tastes here :)
sound quality based on what?
@pierrick falmon careful that might be misconstrued as being negative to the pono agree the hard thing is the dead lot of good bands will never make a pono as someone in the band died
@pete maybe, but it doesn't take months to figure it out. and i still think it's a more pertinent choice to praise artists who care about sound quality and who are not dead...
@pierrick falmon maybe they dont know who he is
how are they going to pick 2 favourite albums by buffalo springfield....oh, i know.
what about this guy pono http://www.youtube.com/watch…
what about a buckwheat pono http://www.youtube.com/watch…
i just gave my suggestion about a john vanderslice le
@stephan mathieu, @ian kendrick,  http://m.youtube.com/watch…
you know whine haven't seen mentioned in the le conversation?.... kraftwerk
@pierrick falmon a couple of months what did you ask for?
i have written to pono and they answered me "we will get back at you in the next couple months". seems like a long time to wait...
who would you rather have frank sinatra or jailbird beiber
many thought music was at its peak until old timers started reminding the younger that it sounded better...back in the day! lps to pono, what took so long?
pono is bigger than a breadbox folks... http://www.loc.gov/nls/eligible.html
@pete what's this about frank sinatra? only kidding.
it means you don't get a say in picking the next le now. lol.
hey...i'm not pete...but what about todd rundgren?
what does website thanks mean??
@pete - thanks. we get it.
what about maria carey
what about bing crosby
what about david crosby
what about frank sinatra
what about some motown
what about joe walsh
what about mark knopfler
what about elton john
what about neil diamond
what about neil young
what about roy orbison
what about elo
what about moody blues
what about ten years after
what about supertramp
what about elvis
what about eric clapton
what about joe cocker
@treatise worked a treat...one might say.:)
@dennis glad it worked out for you!
what about jethrotull, supertramp, led zeppelin, queen, jeff beck, 4 seasons, cream, eric clapton, allman brothers, doors, eagles and many, many others. bring on the best pono for the le series.
@kyle they did post it to fb, didn't see it on twitter and i have spread the word about as good as i can.  but i just happened to be on this site when it came up.
@pono.  it would have been nice to include the buffalo springfield le as an update.
@carlos i don't think they do. but i know of at least 50 people that do know. i made it so it was hard to miss over there.
@creator do you do updates when you add new rewards?  i saw it on the board here but no email to 14176 backers asking them to let their friends know!
i really hope all goes well with these players. it would have been nice to see some of those musicians reactions in the car listening to the player not just when they got out. there is a glut of high end digital players at the moment, this one has the right price though.
ha! i see what you did there...
ha! i see what you did there...
kyle french no bs le....a very serious one....hats off to ohio state. just a play on what it may seem like to viewers not familiar with buffalo springfield.
stop! hey what's that sound, everybody look, it's a bs le!
@treatise on www.ponopeople.org there is a forum where you can add suggestions for future versions, other products and the like. your titanium suggestion would be really good in there.
i was thinking buffalo springfield just yesterday!!!
that did the trick...thanks @treatise
sweet, if i had not nabbed a nych i would get buffalo springfield for sure.  i'm sure these will go just as fast.
alright! been waiting for buffalo springfield.
csn available.
@dennis try clearing your cookies, or using another browser
head to www.ponopeople.org to share in the excitement of yet another neil young-inspired le being added to the mix of artist signature series! lets get that number to $5mil!!!
i was trying that but it kept recognizing my computer, just like the nsa.
@creator awesome! thank you so much! @dennis you have to set up a separate kickstarter account.
how does one go about setting up a way to pledge for another le, while keeping the one they already have?
we still haven't heard of stretch goals. my suggestion remains an aluminum or titanium chassis, at least as an option. another good one i just saw from isa maron in the latest update: preloaded high def songs on the pono player so those of us with no access to the us/ca/uk stores would be able to at least get an idea on what we're missing :p
hi friends, we just added buffalo springfield to the artist signature series!
@hong son no need to have digital out put when the input on the best audio is analog kind of defeats the purpose
wow, so a great product! need it!
yes typo. sorry, having a hard time with the r
@ron just noticed the typo. well, i assume it's a typo? ;o)
i understand that some companies block access to the ponomusic site because it's too much like porno.
@ron thomas - for once i really did 'lol' - ponopeople, not pornopeople! wrong page!
there sure are a lot of misspellings of pono in these comments. i'm sure that will stop though....yeah, right!
@ ron thomas go there and find 'register' at the top of the page. email address, password and age, i think are all that is required, and you're in...
silly question. how do you set up, to log in pornopeople.org?
@tjc i might be able to, but i don't want to go through the hassle of ordering from the us, customs, etc. if i can avoid it. and warranty claims become a huge pita.
thanks!  i'm glad you like it.  i figured it needed to identify more with the product, so i tried to do something to match.
@kyle : it looks great! very clear, you did a lot of work! everybody should have a look!
we have a new look over at www.ponopeople.org come check out our better-organized forums to find answers to the questions your looking for.  not questioning the ponomusic promise?  come show your support for the upstart company and keep the excitement flowing in our discussion boards!
squeezing the money out of the people is all to common throughout the world....imagine taxing reading. i would think a country would want to encourage that. hope all you music lovers across the pond have plenty of dvds you can convert to pono use, cause authorities haven't yet figured out a way to tax that.
@douglas also mad that ebooks incur vat when paper doesn't. crazy.
@douglas why doesn't this surprise me??????
great news for the uk : ( maybe not! http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-26716917
community of ponopeople.. visit us @ www.ponopeople.org
@ian @kyle : great, well if kyle agrees, we will have to split up the tasks and maybe continue this on ponopeople.org via pm. i know kyle is in texas and we are in europe which is good because someone can be moderating all the time
@kyle @eduard sounds right to me with the addition that there are contributions that we can make right now i think - does not just need responses from the pono team. but otherwise i agree. and am happy to contribute too.
@ ian @ kyle : good start ! but i agree with ian, he had 9 (?) topics i remember. i would be willing to, when these are set up, go thru all the questions and answers to put them in the right order. we will then know, which have not been answered and send them to pono. how does that sound.
@kyle  was just about to post here about that. i have put a response into the forum on the question "sort out the questions' by barney. i think what it needs is a forum for each of the topics i have suggested, plus others i am sure. is difficult to navigate otherwise and would allow individual questions within topics. would only take a few minutes, but only a mod can do it. and i am not sure that the ponopeople technology can support that kind of structure. best i
@ian @eduard how do you like the new pono faq section of ponopeople.org?  updated it this morning with the many suggestions i have heard.
@tom g : yes, in the faq it will tell you what will be supported
i'm stoked to know pono can play alac. i rip my cds to alac in itunes for listening on my ipod. knowing the pono will play alac prevents me from having to re-rip everything.
no dinners have been pledged for in ages. the pledging of players has tapered off (perhaps more than might have been expected). the pono player, is actually secondary (ancillary) to the concept of hi-res, low-compression music. many people have hi-res dacs at home and even hi-res daps (or hi-res players in their phone) for on the go.  when the store opens and we see the catalogue (and people outside the uk or north america have access to them), we will see the success of ponomusic.  10,000 pono daps is a good start (and $4m over what was required, being pledged here, can't hurt).  i was so tempted by the connection with ny, the shiny new toy and the excitement. even so, i would have had to wait until october (at the earliest) to see my first pono.  so i will listen to hi-res music at home and on the go (nexus 5 to mm100 - yes bluetooth uses compression but i do hate those cables getting pulled out my ears) and will await the reviews of the pono. then i will know if i was right when i thought that i just can't live without one.
@barry, the headphone output isn't digital out. the output of headphone jack is analog. our ears hear in analog.
@joe read the faq: "....the player can play almost any kind of music track including flac, alac, mp3, wav, aiff, aac (unprotected)." battery usage is 8 hours - is it the size or the use that is important? :)
@creator do you consider to support alac ? what is the battery size ?
@hong song    isn't the headphone jack the digital out?
i wonder if pono can handle dual headphones using an external splitter?
pono player should have a digital out, so that we can connect it to a home system, the best one in the house. many people have external dac's and would surely want to hear pono through their own.
thank you ian
@elizabeth. if it is a normal micrsd card it should be ok. class 10 is to do with the speed of it, and is fine for audio, even at 24/192. is a high speed card. the adaptor is to make it compatible with the bigger sd cards and slots that take them.
does anyone know if samsung 64g plus micro sdxc w/adapter-up to 48mb/s-uhs-1 class 10 memory card(mb-mpcgca/am) fit the pono? amazon is having a sale today for $35.99
i released it here. i don't know if he got it. he didn't say.
@j carter @richheart hope you guys managed to get the transaction sorted. think that was very decent thing to do, good on you.
@ treatise & @tjc  etymotics - i am on my third pair of er4p/ss. first pair stolen, second pair destroyed in an accident. third pair going very strong. the fact that i have bought them three times says it all really. i have also tried klipsch xi10 which used to be the rave headphones, denons, shure and have sennheiser hd600s.  etymotics have a reputation for being bass light. as etymotic point out, that is a result of a poor seal between the buds and the ear. i invested in custom moulds and the bass is really good - firm, tight, goes low, is not overblown though. and the comfort levels are impossible to beat - they would be as they are now made just for my ears. as for the rest of the er4 sound - if there is a better sounding set of in ear 'phones at anywhere near the price, i don't know of them. detail, dynamics - they just reproduce what is in the recording.  i use them with an a&k ak120 mainly, also with an iphone 5 on occasion with a monster audio adapter which turns them into a headset.  i hear things with the etys that i don't hear through some very expensive wilson benesch speakers being driven by very good amplification.
@henry @ stephan... if harry partch then definitely moondog. and where is the good captain in all of this?
@henry hanna i'd buy that one, henry. let's not forget to animate non-mainstream listeners. a brian eno limited edition could be a bridge.
bonjour ! artist signature series: harry partch ... please :) http://youtube.com/watch…
@creator - please consider bundling pono downloads with the purchase of vinyl. most new releases offer free digital downloads and many are beginning to offer high resolution downloads. could be a great opportunity to bring more people to the site and into the fold. it would also persuade many more to purchase a pono player because us vinyl fans could have the best of both worlds; vinyl and pono music. i'm involved with a very popular music site and have read many comments there about how one of the things stopping people from getting into pono is that it would compete with their vinyl obsession. pono could eliminate that competition by dealing with the labels to include a pono download. it would be a win/win and vastly expand your customer base. just a thought, thanks -j
community of ponopeople.. visit us @ www.ponopeople.org
over ten years ago audio got a little crazy with surround sound and high resolution wars. the heavy sony player i bought back then could playback not only sony’s super audio cds (sacd), but dvd audio discs as well. i bought several of each and enjoyed listening through surround sound loudspeakers as well as headphones. it may be worth your while to attend estate sales and rummage through garage sales seeking out dvd audio discs. maybe public libraries, too. ripping sacds requires equipment i don’t understand and probably can’t afford, but owc sells a blu-ray capable disc drive i have used to rip cds, dvd audio and even blu-ray discs, though my learning curve is steep. pono has me excited about really good audio—mobile, with no moving parts aside from the voice coils. dredging up those oddball discs, only one of them proved to have 24-bit/192 khz stereo channels and that’s the eagles’ hotel california on dvd audio. they call it advanced resolution. i ripped it to flac format and it takes up 1.69 gb on my computer. playing these flac files from a one year old imac through grado rs-1 headphones plugged into the mini jack put a smile on my face. the bad news is being open-backed headphones, they don’t shield noises from the furnace, refrigerator, telephone, etc. good news! the free app vlc for ios proves that flac audio sounds even better from ipad than imac! i am certain that as a purposed, dedicated digital audio player, the pono will reign supreme. so as oscar wilde had said, “i have the simplest tastes. i am always satisfied with the best.”
@philip, for mac/pc you can use a program called 'dvd audio extractor' to get the hi-res files off of dvd-a and blu-ray discs. it worked for me to have 24/192 flac files from my blu-ray ny archive box.
what about ny&ch on ebay?
@r clark, i'm sure it will happen when they are shipped.  i'm a deadhead collector/investor.  i'll but extra copies of limited stuff and sit on them a few years.  it has been very profitable.  i'm sure a ny pono will show up on ebay for at least $1500 to start the bidding.  after the word really gets out, people will pay it, they will want to have it.  a pearl jam pono would go for big bucks too.  the high end market will always be there.
i'm curious if anyone has offered to resell their sold out artist signature series player yet?
can anyone comment on integrated amp, vitus sia-25
@treatise retailers in us may not either can't you access thier website from what ever country you live in? and buy from them direct?
i was surprised to find a mp3 card in my ny archives box, i know how neil hates it.  i got the bluray version and really was not able to listen in my car until i got the cd's for more money.  i could have burned the mp3 stuff, but that just would not have delivered.  i was hoping that a bluray drive would eventually come out so we could transfer music files to our macs/pc's, does not look like it will happen.  maybe neil will give us the files since we already paid for them, i have twice.  i think a few years from now we will be enjoying our players a lot as more files become available.  @craig, that book is nice man.  i did not get one, it is nice.  i have spent a pile of money on grateful dead stuff over the years, i'll never have enough.
@michael have confirmation re getting number 1. at the end of the day, they are all the same, but a little cool. will all look the same in their leather covers im sure. hoping to get some feedback re neil putting out his back catalogue in packages of10 or 20,  with discounts,  for the pono
@gary and philip i don't know if kickstarter lets you know which pledged which level first but it does tell them who backed the project first and they might use that for the ordering
@tjc  you could very well be right about the over ear's from grainaudio.  and no i do not foresee receiving them before may.  i chose to suggest them as they have a very similar design to another i looked at,tm-1 that are $300.
@philip c gossett been a fan for over 30 years. have spent a fortune on neil over the years, including the limited edition waging heavy... but this really is the dogs essentials! waging heavy peace changed so much through its concept to what you got. was supposed to be leather cover, 500 copies when i signed up for it....
maybe in the us they do, but retailers in eu don't take them back.
@ gary craig  i have no idea what number mine is.  i really don't care to much, just very happy i got one.  i just happened to take a look after they were posted.  i had missed all the other ones i would have liked to have.  i'm blown away to have a nych on the way for my jamming future.  i'm a longtime deadhead, surprised that some of the members of the grateful dead have not signed on.  phil lesh, bob weir etc would sale fast, very fast.
@treatise go check the website they have a 30 day return etymotic .com
@philip c gossett i had a dilemma with the nych. was on the scroll down on manage pledge page when it came up, so had to act fast to get 1st one. gave away a ny to get it but worth it. they come in order of pledge. was 5 mins b4 they went on the comment page.
@tjc i'm sure pono is fine, and might even come with an eq if it isn't. besides, mastering is more important than the player, most music these days doesn't have any dynamic range anyway due to poor mastering and loudness wars. can't really try out in-ear headphones since stores won't take them back.
@treatise another option would be hybrid types. you can take a look at sony h3 or dunu- dn1000.
@treatise i suspect that if you like bass you might not like pono i would expect it to sound natural not with heavy bass. heavy bass is typically what you hear from mp3 files most of the highs and mid range compressed down and a lot of noise. hope your not disappointed you should try the etymotics er4p has a fuller sound than the er4s but comes with an adapter so you can hear both
i feel really lucky to have made it in time to get a nych pono player.  really looking forward to it arriving.  i'm sure i'll use it all the time, it will also be a family heirloom, 1-500.  i have some bose triport headphones i have had for many years, i may have to step up.  i'm glad this is happening.  i'm sure apple will have to get it on this.  my old 80gb ipod will hold aiff files, and it sounds awesome.  always looking for the next great jam.
i bought a new pair of headphones just this weekend. i only use in-ear due to noise isolation and small size. i've had several pairs of sennheisers, sonys and shures over the years, around the 100 eur mark. hated the over-ear design of shures, sennheisers and sonys are ok, and don't break the bank when they break after 1-2 years of use at the gym. i was looking for something a bit higher up the value chain for non-gym usage. looked at etymotics, but reviews say they are neutral, ie. light on bass, and i prefer a bit more oomph on my bass. was down to b&w c5 and kef m200. latter won in the end due to dual drivers and design which looks more secure. got them for 200 eur. did some listening over the weekend, and i do like them. solid bass, but not overwhelming.
@second guess good catch but just another one of those things you have to trust
@david stecklair the momentums doesn't leak much, but the size of the ear cups are quite small, so getting a proper fit will be a hit and miss for most.  at work place i'd usually recommend iems as they give the best isolation with no leak at all though.
i think the answer for the faq- how many songs does it hold is not accurate. for ex- for ultra-high resolution recordings (192 khz/24 bit) - it says that it holds about 800 tracks which is hard to believe. the reason is each minute of ultra-high resolution recordings (192 khz/24 bit with 2 channel stereo) will be around 69 mb of data. for 128 gb space- it should hold about 474 songs of 4 minutes duration and not 800 songs as it says. this inflated number of songs is true for all other recordings mentioned in the answer. let me know if i am wrong. if not, can you please update the answer closer to the truth. thanks
@robert mais  now how can anyone check out grain audio they are not on the market it was a kickstarter project that should have shipped 9 months ago. you haven't gotten yours yet have you? while they may show up they look to be to cheap for what they say they deliver and nobody has heard them i agree with you about the etymotics but for anybody to jump the gun and recommend the wooden headphones i think is premature. unless you already received yours.
more, and grainaudio.com
@douglas. i have the etymotic 4s,s, and with the company's replacement policy i know i will mor than likely not be purchasing any other earphones.  as for over-the-ear check out grain audio. com, hope this helps.
@andreas - been looking at the sennheiser momentums - do they leak much sound at medium to high volumes? trying to figure out if they would be good for an office environment.
here is my (eclectic) limited edition wish list.  i am having a hard time justifying more than 1 though... beastie boys miles davis bruce springsteen rem the who the clash
@douglas i've used sony noise reduction and bose noise reduction on airplanes to cut cabin noise but once i got the etymotics hands down way better expensive though about $300 we won't see the pono till end of year so lots of time to shop
@pono any chance of a stretch goal
@tjc exactly what i was thinking about re tuned for crappy mp3. see a few folk on long haul wearing bose but maybe because of the inherent cabin noise. think i may just have to go try a few as you say, they have to be comfortable as well as sound good. thanks for the tips.
@douglas lots on market i prefer vintage koss for over the war but you can't beat the etymotics wouldn't spend money on noise reducing ones i would recommend you go visit a audio store and test them. but be aware this music pono is going to play is the pure music many of the headphones on the market these days have been tuned to make the crappy mp3 sound better so when you plug into the pono you may not like it get a good pair spend at least $100 to $200 but they can go a lot higher
how about a david briggs or a "volume dealers" sig pono.  that'll get a few shirley?
@creator, noah ? will there come to pass... "a new pono record label"
may sennheiser momentum over ear headphones are fab!
has anyone got any thoughts on these for a headphone choice- bose quiet comfort 15 noise cancelling headphones? i prefer over ear.
@kvm1800 i don't agree that using ipod phones on this won't sound better it has to music quality comes from the source down stream can not make it better but a better source can if you play the same recording on a good vs poor quality system the good will sound better. good vs poor speakers the good sound better good vs poor amplifier good sounds better plugging poor headphones into good amplifier vs poor amplifier good sounds better plugging expensive high end headphones in to poor amplifier vs poor headphones good sounds better plugging crappy headphones into poor amplifier vs pono player pono player sounds better. no matter what combination you use if you improve any part of the chain it will sound better. in today's audio most of the issue is with crappy mp3 not with the electronics playing them back the quality hi res audio can be heard on other devices although at a higher price that the pono
impressive numbers!
there are plenty of good earphone options out there that are really well priced too. sennheisser has some great options.
say, @kwm1800--@creator addressed the headphone/earbud issue in a comment on march 13, i believe. most people going for a player own somewhat decent reproduction equipment, whether buds, phones, automobile or home systems. it actually can "fly" because pono shall also make available such products through the pono music website. each listener has their preferences in color, fit and overall sound reproduction. in-ear or in canal. me, i'm also looking forward to jacking my pono into a smart fortwo! ordered the car with every available audio option and can't wait to play it like neil...
hey everyone! i would just like to remind you all that have gathered a community message board on http://www.ponopeople.org. we are helping each other out and answering questions that have already been answered. between us we have some technical knowledge and do our best to give estimates and guesses to those answers that haven't been answered yet :-) for example @kwm1800's question about why pono doesn't bundle their player with a pair of headphones. this question has been answered by pono, and they said that they chose to not bundle the player to a) keep the costs down, and because b) most people already have headphones. we are here for each other, and remember that for each question that pono has to answer, that is time taken from them making our pono players on time ;-) we're glad to have you all!
@tjc i feel you, i don't know whats going on behind the scenes.  setting a goal of 800k and achieving millions 592% in 12 days might be a bit overwhelming. i don't know if they expected it or not.  as for me i have stereos headphones and earbuds and don't intend to buy anything else. if the pono is what neil & friends say it is then it will be better than my source of music going through my systems now. i personally know it will be better/smother....for me!  i have already tested my old vinyl against my itunes library sourcing out of my apple tv to my kenwood receiver against vinyl on a techniques direct drive to the same receiver.  used the remote to switch back and fourth, it was fun actually pulling out the old vinyl :)  maybe i'll dig out the akai reel to reel and see how that feels!  what i can tell you is that in my case the itunes is louder and is edgy.   the vinyl in a word...smooth. i believe the team at pono is reading every word...and in the spirit of what pono represents is feeling where you are coming from.  i bet you even neil & peggy both are reading these post, lol. for me, it is nice to be a part of something from someone you trust and has a life time of integrity to back it up.  hey, i'm of the school trust in one hand & verify in the other.  the verify part is unfolding as we speak.  as for the trust part, neil young has an immaculate credit score in my book when it comes to serving the art & integrity of the muse. if it fails, and i do not believe it will, it ain't my karma... either way i learned something and move on :)
@mark hamilton seem to remember that separate tracks are being made available.
almost 14,000 backers!
*one of the
@ mark - taken from on oft he faqs: "we will also be offering many of your favorite individual songs. we'll let you know the pricing soon".
was at an apple store earlier. redirected most computers and iphones to ponomusic.com
@pono not to say that i don't like getting full albums, but will individual songs be available for purchase on the ponostore?  for those times that you've gotta have that one song, but don't want to spend $20 on the whole album? sorry if this has been asked before.
@kwm1800 with the greatest respect 'normal non audiophiles' aren't going to spend the money on this without joining the dots and getting decent phones. i should know, cause i don't class myself as an audiophile. they aren't going to add phones cause breaking overall cost up cushions the blow.
i just do not understand why this player does not come up with a decent set of heaphones. this is not going to fly after kickstarter is over and pono officially launches. i understand you guys do not specify target us audiophiles, but instead mainstream people; this is where the plan comes apart. those mainstream people do not have headphones or speaker systems to fully support high quality music. newer version of beats headphones are passable, but no way those poorly-made earbuds will give them same great sound your team has promised. supposed a normal non-audiophile person buys pono player. of course, all he has is his iphone earbuds. he put them on the player and listen to music. with that crappy headphones, he virtually hears no improvement whatsoever. it would be lucky if he does not call pono fraud. bundling cheap yet very decent headphones like koss ksc-75 ( http://www.amazon.com/koss-ksc75-portable-stereophone-headphones/dp/b0006b486k ) can prevent such result. sure us audiophiles have megabucks headphones/speakers but joe-6-pack doesn't. i hope you guys reconsider this issue.
heck the facebook link just to the right of these comments don't even work
@carlos if they want to drive the number higher they can simply put up some real stretch goals that is what other projects usually do. thier has been nothing done to build this up other than a select few limited editions yet a lot of great artists are no place to be found. nothing in line of extras without making a new account and the $50 dollar shirts don't cut it. they could offer hats with pono logos, belt buckles with pono logos heck, pens , lighters, the list goes on and on. so as they aren't interested why should we. they hit the 800000 could have easily hit 20 million and with 23 days left could easily soar, like the buddy rich song they should keep the customer satisfied
@mitch yes @carlos is right! @mitch, look at the kickstarter faqs https://www.kickstarter.com/help/faq/backer+questions
gosh, you have to be quick to get a signature series!  missed neil and crazy horse!  ok!  i'm gonna throttle up my awareness, and not miss any more opportunties!   and signature steve perry would be beyone awesome!!!!!!
@mitch got to manage your pledge find the one you want choose it and it will ask you to raise your pledge amount.
is it possible to upgrade to one of the artist signature series from my original black pono?  is this done via "manage your pledge"?  if so, how?
things that pono people can do. 1. find the artist you want on as sigs and kindly shout out to them by twitter & fb letting them know that you want their picasso, not xerox picasso 2. find articles online along with youtube pieces about pono and send them out via twitter & fb 3. go thru your email address book and send a friendly note to folks about pono. if 13986 of us did 1 of these we would make a big difference.  thats what they call grass roots!  it only takes 2 minutes.  keep on rockin :)
7:00am uk time
@dana gibson.  i figured somebody probably did but there are so many comments here, i can't keep up.  perhaps they can't either and that's why they haven't commented.
@richheart - okay, will try to grab it.
@dana gibson - thanks for the heads up.
@j. karter i will release it in 12 hours time (that is a quiet time. i guess anyone else reading this might decide that they want it. so you might not be first :(
i doubt that i would give up my earlier delivery date to jump to a limited edition, but suggesting them looks like fun.  so here's my list: bruce springsteen richard thompson patty griffin emmylou harris holly cole dar williams tift merritt cecilia bartoli
@richheart - can't pm you until i have made 3 posts :(
@charles ebert...i brought that up long ago....got no reaction.
my impression is that your design for the player is already locked and that you are not in suggestion taking mode, so this might be a consideration for pono ii.  i understand that music streamed wirelessly over bluetooth or wifi will be degraded and you don't want to do that.  however since the player needs to be physically attached you might want to have some kind of wireless connectivity so that it can be controlled with an app or even a remote.  also i have found that while driving or running i feel safer controlling my iphone with my pebble watch.  it's limited control.  i can only stop and start it or skip a track if i'm not in the mood for a tune.  but it's a lot less looking down.
@creator shouldn't the fb link down on the lower right be connect to the pono fb page?  https://www.facebook.com/neilyoungpono
@j karter, yeah, i am on ponopeople
@ron - so glad to hear that, thanks!
on ponopeople click on a name in the user list and you are presented with info and ability to pm.
@david, your aux in will work fine. why, because the output of porno player is already analog. therefore you car will play info without any compression. your quality of sound will depend on your car audio system. take care.
@john hamm, it might be a good idea to have a pono specific youtube channel...especially in the early stage/the kickstater campaign!   https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@richheart - don't see how to send a pm. oh well, it was worth a try. thanks
question for those more savvy than i - i have an aux port in my car that i'll be plugging my pono into. just the factory audio setup in the car, nothing special (hoping to change that down the line). but i'm curious if plugging in via the car's aux would actually deliver a 24/192 quality sound to the speakers, or if the car's system would somehow compress the signal down or mess with it? in other words, will we need an audiophile grade head unit in order to deliver high-res sound to the speakers?
if i say on here the time i will release it, you won't get it :)
i get that. i am the same
@richheart - i'd don't really want my email posted here for all to see...
i believe neil has stated that there will be no streaming of audio option. it isn't possible to stream at a high enough quality (at the present time). plus, they didn't design it that way. it's not a telephone.
can i whattsapp or email you j karter?
@richheart - i'll take the ny ch, how do you want to set this up?
will the pono store offer something similar to qobuz ? (they have a streaming cd quality service). thanks
could you show us the ui? i'd really like to know how you've designed it.
so if someone would like a ny ch pono, i will be able to let you have one, let me know and we'll arrange a drop + pick up
now less than $1 million to become the #3 most funded project on kickstarter ($974,159 at the time of this writing). 22 days to go, i think we can do it! keep spreading the word to your music-loving friends and family!
@ paul - there's an update from pono last week saying they would offer the shirt in xxl.
i like springsteen myself, not a fan, just like and seen a few times but a springsteen pono le would go nuts fast i would have thought! even a special edition for the big man clarence clemons!
still waiting on a springsteen le but ponomusicteam told me he's "gun-shy"
neil young, you are a heart of gold my friend.  sometimes it takes a lifetime to find yourself.  but that really is all spirit ever really wants...to find and know itself, the heart of gold that it truly is.  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
i was lucky enough to get in on the csny player. i would love to get a donor t shirt. would pledge again on different site but need a 2x size, any chance of getting a manly sized shirt produced.
a wilco le pono player would make me second guess my le player choice ;-)
@douglas - a weird al signature chrome edition would do it.
if a big name band or artist came up today it could break the $5,000,000 ! but could also mean more flipping depending who it was. i see neil has dropped the potential release of neil young official release series discs 5-8 allegedly containing a reissue of time fades away! for record store day 2014 : ( now november maybe? would be pretty good if a box set was counted as 1 of 2 artists favorites : )
tjc considering the current valuations of techcompanies i figured any adults living in the bay area aren't qualified mathwise.
@someone great plan hiring the high school kids but current workers may be intimidated
23 days to go on the 23rd...how about that!  clearly pono will continue to raise money with pre-orders on merchandise at their website after the campaign is funded.  they wanted 800k and will be well over 7m by the end of the campaign!  it's all good!  happy sunday :)
minus the bear signature pono
creator what you could do to get around the problem with additional pledges is something like this offer a few additional pledges with odd amounts. $53 for a t-shirt $101 gives you access 10 preloaded neil young albums $202 gives you access to 20 albums from the pono store etc with odd amounts anyone could just up their amounts of their pledge and it would be obvious which addons pledgers have choosen. this way it will be easy to deduct what everyone has added without confusion. just hire a bunch of above average highschool math students for a few hours to go through every pledge. even with 15k+ backers that shouldn't take long. variations of this is has been done by other kickstart projects.
how about a valery ponomarev le?  (russian jazz trumpeter)
i also grabbed a ny+ch le specifically to help out anyone that didn't get a chance to get one as they were gone pretty quickly. pm me on ponopeople.org to set up a drop and swap.
@jim humphrey ?
www.ponopeople.org now features a place to hangout and discuss topics other than pono! there's no need to be constantly pondering pono and the specs it will feature, so enjoy a community free of stress on your pono investment. this product will rock, stop worrying about the minutia. come check out 'nponoc' at ponopeople!
it's slow in here now, we need more signature le's!! is a chance of winning any left over le's or even dinner places? competition time or something along those lines?
@jdc its a fantastic shot. came from a friend of dave lewis, (tight but loose fanzine and a myriad of zep books......good zep books).
@ben willis my bad man. i was meaning to @tyson a supina
i would like to see and hear more about the pono store please.
@ gary yep i meant the pound sign. the coverdale sounds nice for the price.
@jdc think it was £1000, not dollars, though could be wrong on that.
@jdc yes. it was £7000 for the box set of prints. i got the huge promo print of coverdale page signed by both for £40. think they were sent out to execs to promote the album. don't see many up for sale.
@ gary craig. didn't jimmy want $1000 for a autograph photo print?
@ben willis led zep would be too expensive due to jimmy's previous ideas on what fans should pay on zep related rarities. who's gonna pay $5000 for a signed pono............
one word: led zepplin @sebastian miller  i have no idea what you are talking about. i think you meant to '@' someone else.
@ben willis there's no need to add the $15, pono is a american based project and seeing as how you live in america you do not have to pay for international shipping.  hope that helps you!  but if you don't want to take my word for it that is perfectly fine.
how about artist signature series from artists in the 60's and 70's ? i am sure there are some amazing recordings of these artists that are dying to be rediscovered. led zepplin? traffic? eric clapton? boston? this is just the tip of the iceberg. i hope these and many more become available in the pono store! go neil! you rock!
i read the new message from the ceo and wasn't sure what i needed to do for my pledge regarding shipping. i live in alaska and pledged $400 for the dave matthews player. if alaska is considered international do i need to pledge another $15 for my player to ship? and if so how do i do it w/o losing my pledge on that player. also a grateful dead le player would be nice.
community of ponopeople.. visit us @ www.ponopeople.org
firstly this project is not before time and i think it's brilliant what you're doing.  two questions  1. i'm very disappointed you brought out a run of 500 limited posters and then added 1000 when they sold like hot cakes. bang out of line. i hope these will  numbered sequentially  2.  when you released 'neil young with crazy horse' did you notify the backers of the project in advance as i would have  loved to have bought one of those.? thanks rob
trade for a csny?
now is quiet on here, i can offer a ny ch
@pierrick falmon: try artists@ponomusic.com
if any of you guys are reddit users, be sure to check out the ponomusic subreddit here: http://www.reddit.com/r/ponomusic/ it's open to anyone to post their own pono-related discussions!
@pono ceo - america and australia signed a free trade agreement around about the year 2001. key to this for your business is that australia is a signatory to the wipo performances and phonograms treaty (1996). http://www.dfat.gov.au/fta/ausfta/guide/17.html i cannot comprehend how pono can open an online store in uk and canada but not in australia. it's not as though you need to have a physical presence 7500 miles away. you have missed a great opportunity. australians don't have the same vat + other tax restrictions that the uk does and would not baulk at a purchase if they so truly wanted a pono. but since you haven't opened a store in australia, i for one cannot recommend your product to my cashed up sydney circles.
umm...except that i do not think bd players handle flac....oh well..
not to mention, it could be a very sneaky way to get pono into every house in america.
@creator. i think the incremental work to deliver a blu-ray (bd-live) pono app is quite manageable given the work that shakey pictures did on neil's archives. this might be an interesting and effective way to marry high def video and high def sounds. and movies could license the technology for users to download soundtracks. that idea is on the house :-)
@creator - in addition to jw's suggestion below, here's another one for the pono desktop app/player interface: playlist folders, so that we can organize playlists by type or category. for example, i have a group of playlists called "bests" where i keep my self-constructed greatest hits for my favorite artists, and i'd keep that separate from my fitness playlists and my social playlists, etc.
popping a feature request here for the ponomusic desktop app :) .... -- which is that in addition to having its own dedicated library function - that the app also be able to side load from a separate xml library on-the-fly. lots of prospective pono users will already have extensive lossless libraries with smart-playlists, custom tagging schemes, etc in xml format on their mac/pc courtesy of their existing preferred media library app. i realise there are probably one million and one considerations already in play for the desktop app... anyway jus putting it out there :)
@kevin-that may happen one day as i'd love to see a bridge school, trans, zuma, buffalo springfield, etc., etc.  give 'em some time.  speaking of time, comes a time is one of my favorite songs of all time. :)
@dmn: please reach out to them on their fan site and have them contact elliot roberts.
@gary craig: we will continue to keep in touch with our supporters through kickstarter. we also have a facebook page and a twitter account which we encourage everyone to connect with us on.
@kevin eddinger: we will keep this in mind. our le are limited to 500 and we can't extend that number. but it's always possible that other le's become available.
the only aspect that gives me any pause is that the number of allowed backers for say, the ny with crazy horse edition, means that the supply is immediately gone.  i checked in as soon as i saw the email and was out of luck.  if you quadrupled the number of machines in certain flavors, you'd still sell out in minutes.  put out a neil and pegi edition, a broken arrow edition, a hippie dream edition.  this is but partially about money (and mostly about the muse), so i suggest you think about what the nation wants.  if i am willing to throw down  a c note for a poster with neil's autograph, i am willing to do a lot more in his neighborhood.  thanks and many blessings to all.
@creator i have 1 question. at completion of pledges and end of kickstarter what are you proposing as a directly connected forum for you guys? its important to us and you to keep ideas flowing back and forth.
@nadine, did you figure it out?
can't wait to get this plugged in and rocking!
saturday morning – just checked the site, and again, i’m gratified and thrilled to see the support for ponomusic. thank you. we are honored by your interest, your passion for the movement we are leading, and your trust in us to deliver on our promise. i want to shed some light on a few things that are trending in the comments and question boards - (1) many of your have inquired through the campaign about joining our team. we are looking for talented superstars in san francisco who believe in our cause and want to pour their heart and souls into ponomusic. if you are interested please e-mail your resume to jobs@ponomusic.com. these are some of the positions we’re currently trying to fill: • android app developers • ruby on rails developers •	quality assurance engineers – both software and hardware •	qa automation engineers – especially for web services (2) as you probably know, kickstarter is not an online storefront. it's a donation-based crowdfunding platform, which only allows a single reward per donation per account. many kickstarter campaigns have their higher-level rewards include items from lower-level pledges. therefore, there is no confusion regarding backers being limited to one reward. due to the unique nature of our campaign, our desire to keep ponoplayer costs down, and the fact that we offer numerous ponoplayer rewards of different colors and editions, our higher level rewards do not include the lower level pledge items such as t-shirts or posters. therefore, it is necessary to create a second kickstarter account (linked to the same amazon account) to pledge for a second reward of any kind. we will, as noted, offer all of this great ponomusic “merchandise” on our own website, ponomusic.com, shortly after the kickstarter campaign ends. (3) while we’ve accomplished a lot in the last couple years with a very small team and an amazing group of partners, we chose the kickstarter platform to reach out to a broad group of like-minded music lovers for the support we need to finish the final details of the ponoplayer design and take it to volume manufacturing. we will launch a revolutionary company that we all can be proud of and keep improving for years to come. we have a tall order ahead, and the more funds pledged, the more resources we can deploy in the engineering and production of the ponoplayer and the design and construction of the ponomusic website and store – both pretty big jobs. our goals are ambitious, and we can assure you that every dollar pledged in this campaign will be carefully invested to make the ponomusic experience the best it can be. this is an effort that can consume a healthy chunk of money, done properly. for more info on this topic, please see "risks and challenges" at the bottom of our kickstarter page: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1003614822/ponomusic-where-your-soul-rediscovers-music. (4) the ponomusic.com store will be active in us, uk, and canada at launch. we will be working with the music labels to gain the legal rights to expand internationally as quickly as we can thereafter. the ponoplayer plays a wide variety of audio formats and makes them all sound great, so if you have your own cd quality (or better) digital music, you can enjoy the ponoplayer immediately. we will have instructions and videos on our website that will explain how to transfer your existing music into the ponomusic desktop app and synch it with your ponoplayer. please see our faq for additional details. (5) some donors have had questions about international shipping—specifically, that the shipping fee does not appear properly in their donation. you are free to adjust your pledge to include international shipping as long as our project is still not finalized. to do so, visit the project page and click the blue "manage your pledge" button right above the rewards on the right side of the page. enter the amount of your pledge (generally the amount of the preferred reward tier) and the cost of shipping in the "pledge amount" field. we ask for international donors to add on $15 to their donation. as an example, if your desired reward tier is set at $300, you should donate $315 and then click continue. you'll be asked to confirm the new pledge amount, and the credit card you wish to pledge with. thanks for your patience with this long update to our community today… i felt there were some really important posts about these topics on the site and i wanted to address them directly. in closing, i want everyone to know that as much as we appreciate the financial support on this campaign. the things we have learned from you guys in the last 2 weeks are equally, if not more valuable, long term. we are learning so much about what you guys want, how to communicate our message better, and what things we should focus on after this kickstarter campaign ends to better meet your expectations and hopes. we take all of this to heart, and to me, this info is “priceless.” i don’t know how i could ever mobilize a focus group of 14,000+ people to help us refine the ponomusic offering. please keep your ideas coming. i am truly grateful for your engagement, your great creativity, and mostly, your passion for what we are in the midst of creating here, with all of you. thank you. have a great weekend… john.
ode to the drip... drip... dripping... 2014 internet "thats no moon ! ! !  its a pono ! ! ! " http://m.youtube.com/watch…
please try to get sigur rós on board!  their music is ideal for this kind of playback.  i know it will bring in at least a few more people i know.  and if you can manage to get a sigur rós signature series i'll marry you!
hi everyone, we re-upload the quality spectrum graphic on the page because it was a bit hard to read. thank you!
doubtfull
does anyone know if there will be stretch goals?
@nadine go to the right of the page and click on manage your pledge and from there click on the one you want (dm)  it will walk you through the rest of the way!  good on you :)
when do you think ponomusic will be avaliable to rest of the world? i will never download music so don't let us wait too long :) keep up the good work!
would like to upgrade pledge from $100 to dave matthews pono. how do i achieve that
downloading flac luxury liner as i type
slowed to a crawl...time to get that emmylou le going
@someone  just trying to help those poor folks who can't get music your right i guess. when you look at the markup on the limited editions they cost no more to make than the regular ones and have two albums on the so about $50 bucks per album a bit higher than they quoted. it's all about the money glad music is available where i live
@gary we're discussing that exact thing on http://ponopeople.boardhost.com/viewtopic.php… :-) come join in!
wonder what the 2 albums will be for the various neil ponos, (the neil young, ch and csny). having followed the man for over 30 years i am guessing nothing obvious. following neil can be like following the trajectory of a pinball....but that's why i love him. nothing obvious.
thank you! thanks a lot @peter @wc you're both very kind and helpful
hey pierrick! according to the second pono update you should send your information to their dedicated email artists@ponomusic.com :-) please join us at www.ponopeople.org! have a great weekend.
hello@pierrick, the pono team stated that you can contact them through this site,  and ask that your message be sent to elliot roberts.  hope that helps.
is the address elliotroberts@pono.com?
@peter beck -  yeah its getting to be a pain in the arse finding it in the video to show people @ 6.26 minutes in.
i would love to see the full "underwater listening" chart put on the home page! i've been looking for it to share with my friends, but it doesn't seem like it appears anywhere but in the neil young part of the main pono video ...
thanks @wc
sorry, pono, has added 2xl. :)
@pono-will there be any stretch goals? @pierrrick falmon-elliotroberts@pono is the artist relations executive.  send him your artist requests or contact the artist you want on here to contact pono themselves. @ilan tachnai-yes, by purchasing the poster you get a hearty thanks, updates, sticker and t-shirt.  s-xl but i remember creator says phono is adding 2xl.
@someone i mean the back catalogue on ponomusic, obviously.
@someone maybe the poss answer is that pledgers get a 'subscription' that gives access to neils music for added pledge. if you have already backed project, for a set amount you get neils back catalogue, (which we probably have bought before anyway).
i love the idea of "my little pono"! i'm sorry to hark back to what i've said about john vanderslice, but really, it is a perfect choice: a great producer, studio owner, sound lover, kickstarter master, pono backer. a wonderful tribute to the "indiest side" of music.
i have ch, want ny
ny&ch + $200.00 for ny sig                    swap!
anyone want to swap a ny ch for a ny ?
tjc unfortunately it would cost something. pretty much every artist, songwriter and producer of a song gets some royalties. you can't give it away to avoid those royalties. if you are referring to using only neil young music that might work. assuming he owns 100% of his publishing which he might by now. on that other hand i'm pretty sure the label still own parts of many of neils albums so they would want a cut. and even if it was only neils money he would loose a lot of sales in the pono store if he gives to much away. so that would be a cost too. someone has to pay even for a free lunch.
@tjc - sorry i didn't clarify, i was referring to about 1 million in monetary pledges - veronica mars: $5,702,153 - pono: $4,676,088 = $1,026,065. so about a million more.
@douglas @ kfrench if all 13795 backers sent an email today to pono maybe they would provide loaded ponos for all the backers not just the limited editions this will cost them nothing to do and they will gain thousands of more backers as much as they don't understand kickstarter they could call it a stretch goal as this project so far is the only project i have seen on kickstarter that has not offered some kind of strech goal
@david stecklair: thank you david. we can only hope.
nice math a million backers? in the beginning this had a chance to be the top one to many open questions is holding folks up and limited sourcing of music i can't wait but i understand the hesitation many people have
if the pono campaign receives just a little over 1 million more in pledges within the next 23 days, it could surpass the veronica mars movie to become the third-most-funded campaign in kickstarter history. wishing pono as much success as possible. https://www.kickstarter.com/discover/most-funded
ultra limited edition pink my little pony/my little pono edition just added.
@kfrench - your heart was in the right place on the exchange, just need to add pressure for the other countries to get the store and to help market the product so it becomes a nonsense not to have it in a given country.  i read yesterday that apple are even contemplating opening up itunes for android users! so anything is possible. : )
thank you to everyone for making ponopeople.org a place where positive support for pono can be expressed through inquiries and a sense of community. thank you moderators for spreading the word today as i am out of pocket and on my mobile. @peter @eduard you gents are awesome. i will hopefully be able to change some things around over there in the next few days. the ponoexchange will be removed permanently due to raised concerns about piracy. we do not condone these illegal acts and wish to support ponomusic to the fullest extent possible. have a good day!
it's probably better than mp3 to the brain
i love you guys.. really i do... but please save the *heavy marketing* for the masses. i just got the *quality spectrum* email, and it made me really uncomfortable. does *double the bitrate* really mean double the quality? there are limits to how the human ear (and brain) process sound, and i can assure you it is not a direct corrolation. thank you!!! keep up the excellent work!!!
@pono, having two dual dacs in pono, instead of single, would be awesome. this would help set highest standards of product. but, probably can't do because of cost.
haha! so sorry guys - yes the link is www.ponopeople.org! it's been a long day ;-)
@ian kendrick that sounds fine to me. we should probably always use the name ponopeople.org when referring to it, given that ponopeople.com is a completely different site.
did someone pledged to neil's sighned poster? does it comes with a t-shirt?
great stuff. now can anyone mention this to bowie? would love to see his back catalogue from the 70's on pono.
@kinch... think the categories should go on ponopeople under a category of something like 'questions about pono and feedback for the pono team" maybe? thoughts?
@peter beck your link should be to www.ponopeople.org if we need lawyers later we now have a link:-)
@peter try lower case....
@peter the ponopeople link seems to be for law companies.....are we being sued?????
@kinch  @ian kendrick re your category listing (1-9) which looks pretty comprehensive: where would you site these? i would suggest adding a how-to section and a links section. they will be on ponopeople in some form
awesome spectrum graphic! if you all have any questions about what it means, whether or not the differences are audible or what we old audiophiles have experienced ourselves, then head on over to the www.ponopeople.com message board! :-) membership is, of course, free and we are here to help. can't wait to see you there!
@ian kendrick re your category listing (1-9) which looks pretty comprehensive: where would you site these? i would suggest adding a how-to section and a links section.
any news on which labels will be offering music in the pono store?  existing "hd" audio stores typically offer classical, jazz, etc, rather than more popular genres.  it would be great to see a high res pearl jam discography, and of course same goes for uncle neil!
thanks for the graphic. not being a technogeek, this helps me grasp the concept a lot better. and it will help me explain pono to fellow music lovers, without the nerdy tech specs.
@elizabeth now i see it!  perfect example how we/i do not read everything on a web page, but rather hunt and read thru & around stuff.
hi all, check out our ponomusic quality spectrum graphic! https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1003614822/ponomusic-where-your-soul-rediscovers-music/posts/785795
carlos, their old one. in the description it says to follow at the official acount @pono.
@creator  how about this one?  https://twitter.com/ponomusic  is this yours too, because when i do a search on twitter this is the one that came up.
now look what i've done.... would that be a plastic ono bono pono. don't forget eno..
@wakajazz hey a combo!  a yoko ono & bono pono :)
@carlos https://twitter.com/pono
@creator  are you sure?  i only found @ponomusic.
@ian, since you went there.... a yoko ono pono. 'imagine' that.
@carlos, this is our official twitter: @pono. we will be better at updating it!
@ian hey if it came to you naturally...from nowhere, and you are not hurting anyone then by all means do it, express yourself!
@ carlos what? a bono pono? then there's eno and ono.  sorry. really sorry. i won't do it again. promise....
@creator it might be a good idea to link updates/new rewards to twitter!
hey folks pono should have more twitter followers than this!?! https://twitter.com/ponomusic
i believe u2 would be a great band to hop aboard, as they seem to have a meeting of the minds with the likes of neil. and jimmy fallon & the tonight show should certainly have neil on to discuss!  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@tjc they will say no now because it has not been set up yet, therefore some patience if required
i see we now have an indie pono only 17 left get them while they last, but what we really need is a rap pono not sure why we don't have one but it sure would be nice
@eduard you can ask them but what we have seen so far is they will say no
@peter b: i posted a question about album credits and artwork to the pono team directly a couple of days ago. if i get a response i'll pop it on here. i'd quite like to see a nils lofgren le available. robert fripp too since he has for many years curated king crimson's catalogue with a vast amount of high quality music to download.
trading is indeed piracy. what i hope to achieve at ponopeople.org is the ability to supply music to our members legally until they are able to gain access to the store in their home countries. i still haven't heard from the ponomusic tram about this concept,  much thought would have to go into this kind of a service. unfortunately it would have to rely on people's honor, which isn't good enough to garner support. if using ponopeople.org solely as a community where questions are answered is necessary, then it shall become used primarily for those purposes and the ponoexchange aspect will be erased entirely. also, i will work to make specific questions separated by subject matter in the forum. thank you for all of your input. supporting pono means doing what is right for everybody.
respiting? reposting - autocorrect eh?
@kinch not sure if you saw my suggestions earlier - respiting it here as i feel that we need to get this organised: great suggestion from john hamm. the questions are getting lost amongst the posts about the le stuff and the like. seems to me that there are different categories? something like:  1. questions of clarification about the spec of the player  2. questions about the pono music store  3. questions about pledges  4. suggestions for improvements, next version, other products  5. questions about using pono with other devices - in car, headphones, home hi fi systems.  6. suggestions for other le versions  7. questions about hi res audio in general 8. comparisons of pono with other daps 9. pono in the press maybe that would help rather than just having one long list of questions? am more than happy to contribute in any way i can. best i
@kinch we are in   the process in setting it up on ponopeople to take the strain off of pono. please have some patience
@barney "
i suggest that ponomusic should provide a forum on ponomusic.com as soon as possible so that we could have proper threaded discussions. the single thread format used here is better than nothing, but is incredibly inefficient and unwieldy. as an idea of what is possible, the squeezebox forums at http://forums.slimdevices.com/ are excellent. there's lots of advice made available by experienced members and a decent search facility.
@pono - a user on the forum (www.ponopeople.org) is asking whether or not you will be including digital liner notes in the album downloads?
@alister i agree i have the music and have no intention of buying music from ponomusic cost is way to high if i lived in what ever place you do and it doesn't offer the music it would make no sense buying it. that would be silly
@creator @ponomusic the faq at http://www.ponomusic.com/#faq and at the bottom of the "home" page here is not bad, as far as it goes. ideally a wiki regularly updated would probably be the ideal. i'm sure there are enough of us here who would be interested enough to get involved in providing one. ian kendrick has already suggested the bones of a wiki.. i think that a link to the faq on the top of the "home" page would be better than having to dig down the entire page for it.
@eduard no if they load it up they have to pay the royalties on it or the artist can authorize it
@gary craig - fully agree. there is a lot of repetition and overlap in the questions - getting them sorted so they can be aggregated and sent to the pono team seems like a good thing to me.
@kinch i would not consider you wife buying and giving it to you piracy
@ian kendrick i get that you had it covered. just saying it will reap benefits in future if its all neat and tidy questions and answers. will make it a lot easier on the pono team as well. you guys look as if you are on top of it :)
@barney, preloading the pono with us music and shipping it to europe is illegal then as well imho! i mean, in your ho .
@pono music. thanks for your response earlier, but i think you might have missed the point a bit. the issue is you advertised a product in tandem with a online store to sell high res music. only much later did we find out that anybody outside of the usa,uk & canada cannot purchase the high res music so therefore the pono player cannot serve its primary function; it just becomes another high quality digital music player. it's like a car that uses special petrol being sold all over the world, but only after people have made the purchase are they told the special petrol won't be sold your country. (maybe not a perfect analogy, but you get the idea) while pono music are not responsible for the music rights situation itself, pono music are responsible for informing customers that before the purchase that there are music sale restrictions. i was really excited about getting a pono player and made a pledge almost immediately. i was looking forward to being able to purchase high res music from the pono music store, only to later find out that i can't because of where i live. i wonder how many people outside the us/uk/canada are not aware of this issue (because it wasn't made known by pono music) and when their pono player turns up in october will find that they can't make full use of it because they can't buy high res music?
@barney, i think you are being unnecessarily disagreeable and argumentative. according to your statements, if i ask my wife or wife's cousin to buy a cd for me while she is in town, that "yes it's piracy go see riaa.com ". if you want to make a sweeping statement like that, please provide a link and if possible a quote. no one here, from what i can see, was suggesting or supporting piracy.
i hear you
@ron  i would rather be guaranteed that my item be shipped, by pono.  otherwise i could sell on ebay
@eduard read the posts they want to open a store but have tons of red tape they say. this project is not about selling the pono for 3 to 400 bucks.  it's about selling millions and millions of copies of music tracks and albums that you can't buy same quality on itunes.  it's business and they want to make money. most all of the music already exists the format it is currently delivered on is poor so cost is minimal to remaster maybe a few pennies per track  and sell for 20 bucks so  profit maybe 19.50 per album they will need to build a new bank to hold the loot they also want good music being listened to but if they don't make money doing it they will drop it in a heartbeat
@barney. re your comment "why are you concerned about the availability of the music. do a google search you will find what you need". you must be joking or from the us where this issue is not relevant to you. if you know of any site that sells high res music, has a reasonable catalogue,  and has world wide rights of distribution, please let me know as i have yet to find one. to answer your question "why are you concerned about the availability of the music"…  well, what is the point of having a high res music player if you can't buy high res musicto play on it?
@eduard  yes it's piracy go see riaa.com likely violates other copyright laws import export laws and still have to pay vat etc.
another question would be of course, why not open a store for us? i am 100% sure there is a big market here (in europe) so what is stopping pono.
@barney  about the piracy; if i pay somebody to buy music for me in the us-store and send it to me in to post, is that piracy? if it is, i stand corrected
@pono creator in an effort to help those people in far away countries that will not be serviced can you pre load it with 8 hours of neil young songs so they can use it until  they figure out where to get music. i am sure you could set it up so it would only be able to play those songs
@barney, i agree, i have already suggested this to kyle, who is the administrator (he is in texas so probably still asleep) . i think we should split up the questions and then take the most fuaq   and send them to pono who can then either answer them of take them into consideration (add on requests etc.). we also hope pono will update their faq with our input. this is all done to help both pono and the sponsors, who do not have to struggle thru 1880 comments and answers then.
@eduard i understand what you are trying to do but copying the music for you is still piracy anyway you cut it.  i can tell you i doubt that i will spend one penny buying music from pono  i have gathered plenty of legal flac recordings over the years and get plenty of music from the internet archive that is recorded in flac format and sounds quite good while your favorite band may not be their i have no doubt you will find something you like. but what would definitely help all you folks that for whatever reason have decided to not live in countries that pono music is available i think they could easily load up every pono player with neil young's music and it should be full he has plenty of it and as fast as his limited editions are going that would likely boost sales. that way you could at least listen to something even if you don't care for his music. i am sure some of his cronies will allow him to put a few of thier songs on as well.
morning pono http://www.totallyfuzzy.net/ourtube/neil-young/harvest-moon-video_a43e23975.html questions should have a unique logo block design
@eduard it would definitely help if questions on your site were posted one per thread currently you have multiple questions lumped together a little easier to find than here as it does have a search function but very hard to follow.
@barney i think you misunderstood what was said (by at least me) on ponopeople. we only suggested that as far as we in europe and the rest of the outside us world were concerned, it would be great it people in the us have access to the music-store could buy albums for us (i even suggested that pono could help) and ship them to us until the store becomes available in europe. i, for one, am willing to pay for the good-quality music but it will not be available for us until further notice. i was just looking for a way to get some great music on my pono when i get it in october (at a much higher price by the way because of our tax and duties). can you imaging having a pono but no music for it?! i do not wish to jeopardize this great project!
@creator thank you but you maybe should go visit the ponopeople.org site and read for yourself
@richheart, for swap; could you go in profile of acct, and change address for that particular email address. maybe
@bastian dam: we don't have plans for video just yet. i believe our touch screen is one the latest technologies.
@barney: you are correct. online sharing of music with others is not allowed. we certainly hope that our fans don't partake in such activity. if we all care about the cause of hi-res music, we can't kill it by sucking the wind out if its sails.
i've visited the ponopeople.org i like that they have accumulated some of the question and answers.  but what i don't understand how they possibly think that copying and or trading music is not piracy.  i understand in the past neil young said something like he didn't care about internet piracy but i thought he didn't care because he thought it sounded like crap.  it is my understanding that an artist can authorize music to be recorded and given away. but a music store such as ponomusic ran by the creator of this project can not give away music yet that is what i think the pono people.org is saying. even though they make numerous disclaimers about piracy they are in fact promoting piracy. and giving the impression that ponomusic shop is in agreement with that. i skimmed the riaa site and saw no allowances for temporary piracy. if it legal then fine sign me up ill copy everything i have not been able to afford over the years. maybe a few of the self announced lawyers can chime in here. as strictly the pono folks are following the rules about kickstarter multiple pledges and vat rules it is puzzling this approach to piracy of the music is being ignored. sorry for my views i am all for free music i get mine from internet archive wish their was more bands there but it is what it is.
@gary - scroll down a few posts to my suggestions. thoughts?
i've wondered if the pono can be firmware updated to include video formats (since it already has a color screen). also an idea for future versions of the pono, is to include dlna music streaming (like apples airplay). a spec i would like to know, is if the touchscreen uses capacitive technology (modern cellphones etc.) or resistive (older touchscreens), since resistive gets worn down a lot faster, and is a lot less pleasing to use (but also cheaper).
@eduard we need a separate listing of questions and answers so that pono doesn't get same questions repeated and in future other questions are more likely to get answered as they aren't answering again and again....suppose that's what you guys are doing??
@ian k i will add that to list, keep them coming!
i suggested to kyle (administrator) that if enough backers show an interest, we will make sure pono will receive the 10 most faq so that they can either answer them (both to us and on their site) or take them into consideration.
thoughts just occurring to me... 9. pono in the press
@carlos its a great documentary. been around for a while, well worth watching though.
@eduard - great.  maybe encourage those who have contributed to repost their contributions there rather than here? also, quite a lot of the questions have been answered - maybe pono should update their faqs section to reflect that?
good morning folks :) found this surfing this morning!  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
well, i think we can set it up that way, i am not the administrator so i will leave it up to him but i think yours is a good start. this way, the questions and answers can be found easier. i will repost this on ponopeople for the administrator to read, he is asleep now i think
oh, and... 8. comparisons of pono with other daps
great suggestion from john hamm. the questions are getting lost amongst the posts about the le stuff and the like. seems to me that there are different categories? something like: 1. questions of clarification about the spec of the player 2. questions about the pono music store 3. questions about pledges 4. suggestions for improvements, next version, other products 5. questions about using pono with other devices - in car, headphones, home hi fi systems. 6. suggestions for other le versions 7. questions about hi res audio in general maybe that would help rather than just having one long list of questions? am more than happy to contribute in any way i can. best i
so if have them, post them on http://www.ponopeople.org forum for unanswered questions and we will try to answer them there.
to everyone who has unanswered questions pls. read this. we will try to answer them on the forum: i think it is really cool that @ kyle french put up a ponopeople message board. we want to support all of this directly, but it is a huge help if you guys can share information, much like it all happens on the forum at computeraudiophile.com. if someone on either this board or kyle's has a free afternoon and wants to assemble a top 10 unanswered questions, and send them to me, i would be happy to answer them personally, and get it back to you guys for a post on both boards. meanwhile, i'll keep going through these… even though i've got a ton of stuff to do, i'm enjoying seeing the feedback and responding personally. thanks, john hamm
@henry hanna thanks for the link....just enjoyed it.
@jonathan maccia nj i'm sure we have been at the same concerts over the years.. randall's island, msg, and barclay most recent...
richheart@ sounds good ...im up for it ...how do we do that ... j.s.buchanan@live.com ...
get johnny marr involved!
community of ponopeople.. visit us @ ponopeople.org
@todd, me too todd, exciting times. would love to see some more uk artists involved with the le. stone roses, morrissey, noel/liam, the stones would fly out of the store.
pono rocks !!! http://www.neilyoung.com/crazyhorsevideo.html
@steve, i have no doubt at the will be a fantastic sounding unit. having ayre acoustics on board is fantastic because they make great sounding products. the thought really never crossed my mind that this dap wouldn't be gapless playback, but the question was raised on the very first day of funding (i believe) and it was the one question that pono never answered and that's what got me really worried... i've been looking forward to this for a along time and now that pono has answered the question, i am a very happy man who now can't wait until my ny le arrives in october... simple as that.
@todd, no reason for my comments? ok my reasons are explained in my previous posts don't take it personally. it just seems to me that what a lot of people are expecting from pono for a couple of hundred pounds is something that would usually cost in the thousands, i'm simply saying it is what it is, neil's vision and hopefully with the backers help, a reality.  last time i looked i wasn't as chilled out as you think and i have scepticism written allover me re other subjects, but this one i personally believe in. there will be countless worries what people will think about it etc and countless tests and re tests i'd imagine before pono releases the player to us but if the player just rocked up in the shops on 10th march and we all could hear it there wouldn't be a need for question and counter question. i simply feel for people who are like that then it is best to wait till the product is out there before spending money and constantly shooting the project down in flames.  i can tell from your comments your a music lover and that's all that matters essentially, hearing the best it can be and in this format, for the price it is, i am pretty confident it will be the best it can be.
@steve, easy... yes you are one calm, coo,l relaxed dude who can easily spend $400 no problem. no reason for your comments. this isn't a lovefest, its a new audio product device.
@hope clary - yes! ny/nj...and you?
yes it is great news about the gp but at the risk of sounding like the most gullible person on the planet to some people on here, i didn't for one second expect anything else. this whole comments section appears to be driven 70/30 in favour of people constantly demanding answers and jumping to conclusions why pono haven't replied yet!  and basically starting a panic through the calm positive souls on here so much so they start to comment about cancelling a pledge or having to use the pono as a door stop!  then, when in a good a timely manner pono do answer after carefully checking their facts, and everything is ok, the panic merchants move onto the next worry statement!  please calm down or wait until the pono is in shops and you can go test it on a listening stand or something as you are seriously spoiling excitement and enjoyment for the faithful, for the backers who, without being gullible, believe in neil young and the artists involved to also want the best possible system they can produce for us, not some hashed up thrown together 2nd rate ipod as it is often being made out be from time to time on here.  that, i am sure, is the total opposite of what pono is trying to achieve. i'm just a believer baby in those dreams of mine you see they just keep on comin' in a long, long line oh yeah, i'm the believer oh yeah, i'm the believer and like that songbird singin' whether it's red or blue just like those church bells ringin' i'm keepin' my faith in you steve macdonald-manchester-live forever
excellent news! about gapless playback support  thanks "the pono music team"
@pono  i would incur shipping/import costs unless we can swap addresses. also neither of us would have guaranteed receipt.
@dennis lane: that's a good one
@jasper johnson-epstein: not unless you reach out to the band and suggest it.
@richheart: unfortunately we can't control kickstarter behavior. maybe you two can arrange for a swap after you receive your players.
@jimie blue @creator any way you can register a swap, so i can give him my ch?
@creator i think i need a unit to sample hold, a new design, not the lonely one. @john we'll send it out right away. we know you'll be satisfied when you energize and see your unit come alive.  we know you'll be happy. perfection in every detail.
@drew, didn't they also do some retouches/audio fixes on top of just a remastering job. to be honest i'm not sure why they just didn't do everything at 192 for future proof, but it's the beatles... a license to print money, so like i say earlier, 10 years from now will probably be another remaster job at 192... the cycle of life and the beatles. :)
@todd wilson. i read the same thing - the tape transfers were in 192/24, but everything they issued came from the 24/44.1 remastered files.  they could remaster with the full res though.  i think the love soundtrack music also came from those files, and to my ears, love sounds better then the remastered albums.   i wonder what resolution they mastered to.
what about lirycs?
@drew,  i know they did the raw transfer from the tape at 192 but dumped that down to 44.1 when doing the restoring/remastering to the files for cd and the 24/44.1 flac apple usb flash drive... yes i know the vinyl was cut from 44.1 but i thought i remember reading everything was mastered from 24/44.1 also.
@todd wilson. actually the beatles remastering project engineers in 2009 transferred the studio masters to 192/24 using pro tools.  they cut the vinyl from a lower resolution, which may be what you're thinking of.  this is actually exactly the kind of thing neil young is talking about, where the masters at full 192/24 exist but consumers don't have access to the full resolution.   hope to hear the full files with pono!
there are a few october black ponoplayers available now that many folks switched to the crazy horse pono. so you guys who got the december black pono should switch over and get yours faster!
@jonathan maccia sorry to hear that.. so you're east coast as well..
any chance of jeff beck and david bowie coming up?
pj bug me but i see your point
@hope clary could not have said it better! so true! :)
lost my entire life-long music collection in hurricane sandy (along with literally everything else i owned as i was out of the country). everything ripped right through the walls of the house. it's going to be a long road acquiring a lot of that stuff again, especially the music. pono is great motivation to get on with that now.
@carlos you maybe right.. i found this kickstarter 4 hours after it started & neil was already sold out when i showed up. but pj is the most underrated now non commercial band i know of.. everything they do sells out in a flash.. such diehard superfans.. they still sell out stadiums 3 x's over.
@douglas stewart - totally missed that. thanks! :)
another band i can't wait to listen to in high-res: electric light orchestra. most especially the "a new world record" album. all-time favorite music for a warm summer night.
@creator, what would a "neil young crazy horse poster" look like :)
a petty just came up so i decided to switch from csn - still 9 left of those... can't wait.
@jonathan maccia- gapless is happening! go to updates #9 look down @ the comments from pono. it's all good : )  night night everyone.
@someone the goal was reached a long time ago....t&s have just recently told their fans about it. we'll see how many pledges they get. but it really is moot(or mute as a friend says). the total is going to be between 5 and 10 million dollars.
tegan and sara have said that one of the albums on their le will be so jealous. this is the 10th anniversary of the release of that album.
that's what i thought!
@hope clary i thought  csny was second to go, i got pearl jam @ #343 or something close.  they were flying of the shelf like 1 every 2 minutes....that got my attention!
thought folks might enjoy this! https://www.youtube.com/watch…
pono has told me they be willing selling shirts at ponomusic.com in the future. probably sometime after kickstarter ends.
you have to open a 2nd acct with new email address,
pearl jam was second to go after neil.. just saying :)
gapless is a must, please. no getting around that.
since we can only select 1 item from the kickstarter, how do us signature series backers also get the shirt? any chance of throwing in a shirt & sticker with each signature series? is there likely to be a sammy hagar signature series?
@someone for every folk it's a different stroke...give em time to shine.
not trying to put a damper on anyones suggestions but i think it needs to be some really big names to get even close to selling out 500 players at this time. i love tegan and sara but i just can't see that one selling many. think you need artists bands that are top 20-30 most well known in the world ever to sell out. of those i've seen mentioned lately i can only imagine elton, stones, springsteen, u2 maybe a few more. even acts like coldplay, radiohead, knopfler and clapton would have a hard time selling out now.
@jeff gemmill that's why most of us are here...to upset the apple cart.  :)
i know this is totally off track, and i hope no one minds. could anyone who can, either from uk or not please consider giving a donation to sport relief. its a charity, this whole weekend on uk tv, for deprived people across the globe. thanks if poss.
@dennis lane - at the risk of being stoned, i have to say that - imo - the iphone does a good job when given decent sound files and quality headphones. i encode every cd i buy as apple lossless and, yeah, it sounds good. psychedelic pill sounds phenomenal, for example, as does mccartney's band on the run (two i listen to today). but the high-resolution/unlimited files i have of band on the run on my computer sound even better - and therein lies the main flaw of the iphone/apple ecosystem: apple doesn't support high-resolution sound beyond the computer. (one of my hopes for pono is that it nudges the apples and amazons of the world to offer high (or higher) resolution music....
i think neil should use kickstarter in some way for the bridge school. seems like a great way to raise funds for a great school.
the only difference between 48khz and higher is freedom of choice, not a limit of choice. ismile.
great news todd and thanks for listening pono team.
for those who have been wondering like me the @creator has just confirmed the player will support gapless playback in the update#9 comment section. thank you.
@creator, "he hasn't committed yet. please reach out to him on his fan site and give him your interest." great suggestion ! can we help with other musicians pono is now working to sign up ? help with the pono fan site requests to bring them onboard ?  a short list of the musicians pono is working on now to join the pono catalogue posted here could sway a few to musicians to sign on sooner !
looking for a neil young le.  if anyone can help, i'd really appreciate it!
@jimblue:you want my nych mate
is there a chance we'll see a radiohead signature series player upcoming?
@jimblue: sorry jim. keep an eye on it in case someone cancels.
tribe of the red horse is a proud supporter of pono!  ...and the proud owner of a ny&ch le device.... :-)   http://tribeoftheredhorse.com/
@ creator i already got the plot...music back to the future.
@sam camacho: he hasn't committed yet.  please reach out to him on his fan site and give him your interest.
@dennis lane: thank you dennis. you won't be disappointed.
@jimblue i have an extra set of headphones for you to listen:)
pono is the best thing since sliced music.
ok .... i'm not happy ! ... i was so on it ... i watched and waited for the past 2days ..... for the number 9 update , i had a feeling the next  would bring with it " that man and the horse .... and i missed it .... i was out shopping ..... weep .. love & thanks
rush le pono please.
thanks @douglas stewart....it seems i was ignorant.
@dennis it means beck as in hansen
on the chance of seeming ignorant, does the le for beck, refer to jeff beck or others? others may be in question too.
http://time.com/18027/neil-youngs-high-fidelity-pono-music-player-is-still-coming-and-itll-cost-399/ this article would have one believe that anything past what an iphone can handle is a waste of time, but i have time for pono. if some can not hear the difference, others will, not to mention competition is good for both the soul and the pocket..
will there be elton john signed ponos?
lol @ron thomas!
i presume a lot of you have heard of http://www.rustradio.org/ it plays neil young concerts on the net every weekend. you can also pull it in as a favourite on your squeezebox or via lms if you're into the squeezey way of things:-)
how about deep purple.
community of ponopeople ... visit us at ponopeople.org
rolling stones le porno
+1 for tommy bolin, although i would like to see black sabbath.
elvis presley and queen signature series would be great.  maybe that's a little unrealistic, but it would be great.  i'm so excited for this portable player!
cool to see would be a pono service, min charge per song/album, to amp up our existing cd collections to better/best quality available through downloads off site. just thinking out loud--
@pono - can we have a spinal tap le with the volume going up to eleven?
a tom waits le pono with a beat up rusty finish and a hip flask case would be great. the steam whistle would be optional.
can i be left of centre and say i would love a tommy bolin or alex harvey one....infact make alex 'next'
@brian i liked the idea of the leonard cohen one. best concert ive been to in a long time. saw roger waters same weekend, and i have 16 square foot of the pig to prove it.
@gary - timing is impeccable that came in just as old man started on the bluray version lol. never a true'r word said in jest! ha!
@douglas ahhh when they were 21...'im drifting back..' as someone recently sang. youre only as young as the woman you etc....
a couple other cool pono les would be todd rundgren and brian wilson/bbs.
@gary- lucky gary's wife what i would give to be driving up the coastal highway right now. but not a neil le. lol. lol @ 21st she'd like that, and so would i but for completely different reasons.
@douglas all bridge schools are available. some are really good. surprised we haven't had a proper release of wembley 74 from csny though...
@mike @gary- yes on dime and it's very good not like the titanic and sound if very good. there is also pro shot of bridge
@douglas will look out for that as haven't seen. tell your wife happy 21st when it comes.
@gary its an allowed one or neil would have it taken down from where it is, the site works with the artists, so for instance it common to see some songs by artists removed from a set as it has been used in a released set. the site is very strict about that. sony hdr xr-160 > tmpgenc v4 > video_ts video: 7850 kbs 29.97 fps audio: ac3 0xbd[0x80]:48000hz  448 kb/s tot , 6 chnls (3/2 .1)
pono over time is making everyone happy, by offering a diversity of choice, enabling older selections to be converted to the newer offerings as they present themselves.
@mike i avoid the boots unless pro shot. have too many that look like they were shot from the titanic as it went down. lucky to see neil in them.
@gary, it's likely the aud bootleg posted on dimeadozen.org
@douglas my better half is in california as we speak. phoned me yesterday out surfing....made me so happy with the weather we have .....
i was able to move from the poster to a csn&y le player thanks to ny&ch. thanks to those who switched!
@ douglas is the massey hall a pro shot? legit copy? i thought i had a good neil collection til i met someone that blew mine out of the water. been collecting from him for a few years now. if its worth having, he has it.
@gary - i'm still working on the vat/duty issue. so far the better half is in new york at the end of october it's the big (she'll kill me if i say ;) ), she meeting up with her cousin for a bit of a do. so i've got the ny le covered at $ cost. the ny&ch will be a december and i'll probably have to pay on that one, but i'll split the difference with the pal i got it for.
@gary craig....and no matter what it is...it's good.
@dennis like someone said it doesn't make too much difference, but i know what i expect to drop through the door....eventually.
1:58 est.
@ douglas should be lego like fun....its friday....
my receipt for nych shows 1:58.
@ douglas....if i had only thought of the leg like fun...who cares about vat now? i wont mention it ever again. throwaway money....
@gary- yep i think you have the first, i know i don't. i know my pc clock is spot on though for sure. if you got three you would have an even bigger triangle! they stack! but why! lol!
what about the squires, the stray gators, the shocking pinks, the bluenotes, the restless... it's all one pono!!!
@dennis +1
there is only one thing better then getting a pono le, and that's being a part of history. and the group of believers that made it happen.
@douglas re time crazy horse went up, i got email confirmation around 5 to 6 our time for my pledge. pure luck that i was checking when it came up. sure its number 1, but lost the neil pono now. happy with what i have.
as requested, i've set up non-english speaking forums over at ponopeople, for anybody interested.
they pledged out really quickly though too, i think it was under three hours so in that time frame a lot of time zones lose out.
@warwick - yep was going to write that earlier, woke up a bit too late this morning.
@pono i know neil and arcade fire are already on here.  i'd like to see more artist signature series with a canadian theme, joni mitchell, ron sexsmith, kate and anna mcgarrigle etc.  i'd buy another two just to get joni and ron!
seriously furious that us overseas fans, wake up to find that a neil young and crazy horse series has been put up and sold out already ...us overseas people ,we keep missing out  on the neil stuff..how about giving is committed subscribers a chance to upgrade first...
currently watching & listening to ny massey hall jan 12, 2014 all over again. that's a place i wish i was already this year.  catch that if you can what a show and great sound.
no it does not matter much....just curious. getting one is the important part.
@dennis i'm sure once the pledge period ends they'll be able to track that kind of information down, or at least i'm hoping so.  perhaps when they reach out to confirm shipping?
@ dennis - does it really matter that much?
it would be nice if pono along with the indication of your selection, also included what number of the series you managed to get.
i'm pretty sure that i have #3 arcade fire le player :-)
rush, supertramp, the knack...so many great groups.
got a nych today. all is good up in canada. all i need now is a rush le. c'mon pono
@kyle i don't think i did! i wish i did but i think i may have #3. mr craig thinks he got #1 which is cool. am just happy i got a ny and nych. 1 delivered in october & 1 in december just in time for xmas.
jumped from csn to nych and was happy to do it except that i have to wait till dec., but i have a low numbered le...like 5 or so.
@kyle really? guess douglas is the #1 fan of ny+ch. lol
btw, if i'm not mistaken, @douglas is the proud owner of ny+ch '#1 of 500'
@soham  the serial numbers work in the order they are backed.  therefore, if you were the first backer, you get '#1 of 500', etc.
how do the numberings work? let's say was the first person to pledge for a player.  does that actually means i will get the player which says 1 of 500? or does the player you get just depend on which box your address stuck to?
that was way cool!!! i watched the countdown on young & crazy horse signed series pono player from around #200 to 0.  listening to several ny & ch tunes and ending with walk like a giant!  great way to blow into friday eve.  i will say, though as i listened, i was reminded that at best i was getting half of what i will get when i receive my #333 pono player!
heres todays kicktraq for those who are curious. http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/1003614822/ponomusic-where-your-soul-rediscovers-music/#chart-daily
i got my confirmation email @ 17.59 gmt for nych, took a minute to arrive or so from the live state of the site and they were gone more or less dead on 21.00 gmt. my pc clock has to be right so i use meinberg app for accuracy.
don't think the time really counts - i guess 90%+ were switches. i was very happy to get an early one. guess i lost my place in the delivery queue though...
really happy that the ch came on as it meant i could snap up a csny one. while the ch did sell out fast, have to recognise that most of them were people switching. ..so to say it was the fastest selling may be an overstatement
so 2 hrs 20 min...wow that's a lotta cash fast
no, limited edition-500
so three hours wow that was quick! so anyone have any luck with the neil young chicago theatre presales...i'm hoping i can get tickets tomorrow...timed out today and lost the tickets i woulda had...this kinda eases the pain from that today.
i wonder if ponomusic is going to release another batch of ch since it's gone? :d
sold out in 2hrs & 20min
2mins short of 3 hours till they were all gone.
can't speak to the beatles, but mccartney's ongoing uber-deluxe reissue series of his back catalog offers 24bit/96khz downloads of the albums. they sound great, too.
@david i'm anxiously awaiting that as well.  unfortunately for now its lzs i-iii, but those would be a must-buy for me from ponomusic.
wow. ch all gone in less than a day. lol
i sell my ny&ch for $1000, maybe!
so how long did that take???
@kyle french has done an incredible job collecting and explaining the most pressing questions on his pono endorsed message board. head on over there for answers and a discussion about the beatles and pono! www.ponopeople.org
sold out, ny&ch
no more horse!
that's too bad about the beatles. i think there's a great chance we will see led zeppelin on the pono store. the remaster campaign that's kicking off in june will include 24/96 versions of the albums as part of the super deluxe versions. i hope so anyway - i can't afford the super deluxe versions ($120 per album set) along with the pono player and the headphones i'll need to buy too.
gone
2 left ch
@patrick, the new beatles remasters/restorations were done at 24/44.1 so good luck in applecorps re-doing the whole thing at 24/192...ain't gonna happen (i don't think)... maybe in 10 years when they can squeeze more money out of their fan base.
1min and ch will be gone.  this was by far the highest demand and sellout speed.
@patrick we're having a good discussion about the beatles catalog on the forum, we're trying to get answers on this as well.
@douglas, thanks
@john hamm @pono @ elliott roberts have you reached out to apple corps ltd and umg to negotiate getting the beatles catalog on pono????? i think the best-selling band of all time deserves to be heard in 24/192.
i hope everybody knows this is nowhere is on the nych one...what else do u think will be on there tonights the night or zuma??
@peter i just found the answer to your arcade fire question on the forum.  check back for details.
there's been a lot of information flowing around this comment section from backers and ponomusic team responses alike.  for a more consolidated place to find some of the answers to your questions, we've done the best we can at www.ponopeople.org to make this information available to everyone with more ease. we are also working to try and get answers to those questions that gone unanswered by contacting the ponomusic team directly. check us out for your own convenience and to help the ponoteam provide quality information.
your probably right, since everyone don't no whats going on now.
@kinch in the following picture the micro usb port is on the right...the sd card slot is on the left and underneath the slot is a triangular door. it doesn't really matter, but it's that door that i was talking about. http://www.likecool.com/gear/hifi/neil%20young%20%20s%20pono%20player%20high%20fidelity%20mp3/neil-young--s-pono-player-high-fidelity-mp3.jpg
@ron - you'll get your ny le closer to the date in april if not before if a bowie one comes out, i'll think of you first.
ron, you will get ny backers begging you to switch, once the ch edition is gone
it's all good rich, i am looking to trade my csny for someone's neil young.
i want to throw out a question to the audiophiles out there - i'm probably going to re-rip my existing cd collection to flac or alac to prep it for the pono. i'll end up re-buying my favorite albums in hi-res again for sure, but who knows how much and what will be available at launch. anyhow - anyone happen to know of a good-quality external cd drive for ripping? i don't trust the internal drive in my macbook pro, as it sounds like it's eating the cd alive.
my pleasure, david.  thanks for the info on the case.
i'll trade my ny&ch plus $200 for ny le.  anyone imterested?
jasper, i missed you by 5min. i took a ch before they all went, gave up my csn+y
@richheart - thanks! i was going back and forth on getting an le, but then i realized i'm the kind of person that has to put everything in a protective case anyway, so i'd never see the finish (and from what i was told via private message it's a zippered leather case with the le, which makes me think it more of carry case, not something you can actually operate the pono in?). i went with black, but i'm surprised how fond i've grown of the yellow.
@ron  had one of all 4 (and young)  it was snapped in a second
i'm looking to trade my csn&y limited edition for a neil young limited edition if anyone's interested.
very happy with my nych purchase!  not an audiophile, so not wading into the specs discussion...just happy with my purchase!
@richheart, there's 28 listed now of cs&n
not even a thank you :) huh
one csny is coming up for release in one minute (mine)
enter pledge on $300 and your old one is automatically removed.
@mark bergen i think that what you are looking at above the triangular door is the micro usb port.
just go to pledge site and see availability. people are switching.
good
go to manage your pledge (blue button on the right of this screen, near the top) when you are in the pledge management page you will see that the oct delivery (below the dec delivery) are showing as having a few available. select the new pledge and it will change for you
@richheart - nevermind, i just realized there were 2 listings. got one! :d
@richheart - how do select the october delivery version?
backers of the $300 december editions, you can currently switch to october delivery. obviously some of the newer december pledgers have gone for crazy horses
the sd slot is there, but this is a triangular door right underneath it. can't tell 100% but when you look at the prototype photos it doesn't seem like the battery is located there. so i'm still stumped. minor thing - sure, but i'm still curious.
same here
@kyle i'd love a ny
+1 @richheart a member at ponopeople was looking for the ny+ch le and i don't think he's seen it's release yet, if by the time he does, they are gone, i'd gladly switch with him and give him mine.
@creator if i have a l.e. and i wish to swap with someone who has a different l.e. (both fully pledged - all 500), will you accept a pm from each of us confirming the switch and ship according to our agreed switch?
got a nych > yeeaaahhhhhhhhh !!!!!! awesome. the only alternative i'll change it for is a aluminium le-version of ny
thanks tom, didn't no that.
97 left...glad i only napped for an hour...i woulda missed out. hopefully getting neil chicago tickets tomorrow.  the horse!!!!!!!!
@ron - they told us yesterday to watch out for it because a user called sean o'leary asked for it and then @pono replied to him saying watch this space tomorrow..
@ ron thomas - pono replied yesterday to someone's inquiry about a ny/crazy horse pono and said " wait until tomorrow. we think you'll be very happy".
1hr & 23min.  over 400 gone!
maybe the battery goes there?
@ jonathon  criswell, how did you no in advance that ny&ch were coming out today?
i think that's a slot to put your fingernail to open the door for the sd card. that's what it looks like to me.
has anybody figured out what the door is for on the pono player just below the sd slot? have a look at the prototype pictures here on kickstarter and you can see it in the may 2013 prototypes. the only other picture i have managed to find is here (the blue pono - can just barely make it out): http://www.likecool.com/gear/hifi/neil%20young%20%20s%20pono%20player%20high%20fidelity%20mp3/neil-young--s-pono-player-high-fidelity-mp3.jpg
@dc - can't help with the poster, but pono did tell me shirts would be available for sale at ponomusic.com later. i doubt they say "backer" though.
exactly one hour and 150 left
you need to make it easier to order a poster/t shirt.  i'd love to but i'm not going to risk losing my pono.  i already have 2 using separate accounts.  why can't customers,that already have a pono on order increase it to include a signed poster/t shirt.  poor planning on your part.  i'm sure i'm not alone in this.
well folks, its been a long day and as phil lynott said, 'friday night, dressed to kill'. time to get out there for me. bye.
happy pledger for a ny&ch pono. buffalo springfield-pono next?
ponopeople has a new domain name, as @peter has mentioned.
just grabbed a ny&ch ponoplayer but had to cancel my csn&y one. keep rockin'.
join us at www.ponopeople.org! :-)
@douglas is that a request?  lol
@bruce, i'm with ya... they really do need to come out with an official statement on this issue. be it yes, no or we are working on it... but just ignoring the issue and hoping it goes away is wrong.
@kyle - well done, you can always give one to a friend. :)
no gapless playback would be a problem. watching official comments closely to determine if i need to  relinquish my ny se.
i just grabbed a ny+ch before they sold out.  the one i'm was previously committed to was not in danger of selling out so i might be back with a second account to grab it as well.
less than 200 left.
these 500 ny&ch will sell out in less than 2 hours probably. i'm from canada, so had to get one.
only 219 left. this has to be the fastest selling le pono player!
agreed on the gp. you really don't want to listen to dark side of the moon while watching the wizard of oz cos the gaps will get it out of sync! : ) yes lets have an answer on gp please.
@someone, same here. there will be a ny if not addressed on or about april 15th too.
that was frantic...like feeding time for the great whites.....still hopeful of adding another one:)
only 230 left?
@todd smart move on the shipping....you could have 100 sent to someone and have them fly over and give them out.....hey, i've been wanting to go to engand
@jodin, yes it could be addressed in software. i have an oppo bdp-105 that doesn't have gp and they have been working on it on various firmware update and they are still in the experimental stage... and yes the ipod does offer gapless... you'd be surprised how many album have tracks bleed (every pink floyd, yes, beatles, etc.) into each other. it is just not live recordings... i don't need another device, if is going to do this, i find it very annoying and totally tears apart records with that .5 silent stop.
todd yeah, i just upgraded from a $300 to a $400 crazy horse. at the same time changing my address to the us having it sent to friends there. thus avoiding more than $150 in shipping, fees and taxes. heck if i buy 2 more it will pay for a plane ticket. that said, if they don't come up with gapless playback there will be a crazy horse available on or about april 15.
@gary, ny&ch is mine to. plus spesial edition (dinner edition) of ny. lucky, lucky me. plural pono = poni ?
here's to 4 way street being one of the csny selections on the artists signature series.
@ian kendrick :nice idea on the pono vinyl recorder. i'd love one of those. @ gary craig: congrats on the nuevo pono. nice one:-)
@gary - me too but i think i got number 3 ny&ch, but i got a neil all by himself and let my csny go, there was no way i was pledging for 3.
@toddwilson - couldn't gapless playback be addressed in a software update? is it really the feature that makes all the rest of pono useless to you? you can play a full concert as one file, or play it back using your portable zoom or something, if pono v1 doesn't do gapless playback. i don't remember the ipod ever getting it, but i don't know, i don't load up live records on my mp3 player since it kills them. it is a good question, i would hope for no gap, but this referring to it as doorstop if it pauses for a second to load up the next file is a bit dramatic, no?
@gary poni?
now if a bowie one came up that really would put the cat amongst the pigeons for me!
think i got the prized  numero uno in the crazy horse sweepstake. well pleased! now got 2 ponos to get the readies for!...what is the plural for ponos???
@creator one of the more magical acts you will ever see in concert is leonard cohen. he's kind of new in the business: his 80th birthday is coming up in september. an artists signature series would be an excellent birthday present for a wonderful guy, a superb musician. amongst other's whose music i look forward to hearing on pono would be adele, allman brothers, andrea bocelli, bonnie raitt, cowboy junkies, diana krall, diannne reeves, eva cassidy, jan garbarek, joni mitchell, kate and anna mcgarrigle, keith jarrett, lizz wright, madeleine peyroux, marta gomez, martin taylor, melody gardot, miles davis, patricia barber, pink floyd, sandy denny, sarah vaughan, stacey kent, stan getz, stephane grappelli, van morrison, yes.
neil young & crazy horse, worth waiting for :d
@someone, i know and its frustrating they are not addressing it one way or another. if they do not address it before end of funding i will be cancelling my pledge because i do not want to have a $415 doorstop... and its just not live music that is affects but any album which have track blended together.
@douglas congrats!  its chaos in here!
holy moly i just grabbed a neil le, so happy, just gotta pay for them all now ! doh!
gapless playback which is essential for any livemusic is most likely not working on the pono. it's been asked at least 20 times in the comments and overlooked every time. pretty obvious it's intentially not adressed.
i did the same
anyone looking for a csny player - i just switched my pledge to ny & ch. so one's now available....
whoa - neil young/crazy horse causing pandemonium out there. ponos going back and forth between sold out and available.
200 gone
what a conundrum! stick with the foos or go for one of the non le october players? (i'm a uk backer)
@steve mcdonald @ simon join us.   http://ponopeople.boardhost.com
@steve and others. i put a post up a couple of days ago for a suggestion that may bear repeating... lots of people love vinyl but can't cart a record deck with them everywhere. getting vinyl ripped to hi-res is a real faff. i would love something the size and shape of pono that had a line and riaa input (low output moving coil and moving magnet cartridges supported), a good adc inside and usb for output to a computer at 24/96 and/or 24/192. no more features than that. keep it simple, keep it low cost, focus on the quality. i suspect there is a real growing market for it and it would fit into the pono ethos and values precisely. it would allow me to have my vinyl with me when i travel whilst also preserving it. is what we did with cassette a long time ago. but hi-res should allow the vinyl sound to survive the digitisation process. i can see a pair of ponos right now. one for recording, one for payback.  please can i form an orderly queue? cheers i
holy luck. which of you 'crazy horses' just gave up your ny for me??
steve macdonald from manchester!  well said that man! there are quite a few people who have commented that don't seem to quite grasp the kickstarter concept. this is a crowd funding exercise to help get pono off the ground not a personal manufacturing demand opportunity! go pono go!
@kinch @dana gibson - the linn stuff is great, well worth a listen to those stations. went to their 40th anniversary celebrations last year and some of the kit would blow you away and your wallet of course : ).
yes!!! neil young & crazy horse!!!
@dana gibson - they'll be gone by 11:50 p.m. (pacific time)
there's a lot of flipping going on ; )
@dana gibson  i recommend www.linnrecords.com  they do classical, jazz, rock, pop and electronica. they have samples online so that you can hear some of their catalogue. quality is excellent. if you have an internet radio do a search for linn classical, linn jazz or linn radio. you can hear, over time, pretty well most of their catalogue there at up to 320kbps. enjoy yourself.:-)
man so happyyyyyyyyy with my ny and crazy horse, buzzing thanks pono for listening to the fans
neil young & crazy horse its a must! as they say over here in scotland. ya dancer!
what's the over/under on when the nych le will be gone?
@pono thanks for adding neil young & crazy horse!  made my weekend!
my son works with tegan and sara....but i'm keeping my csny
@david, i hope so... but the silence on this gapless issue has been deafening. :)
nych is up! best day ever!
@bill, exactly... my fear is they know the answer and are refusing to answer that question...which means....
@todd wilson - makes total sense. hopefully it's something they can work into the final model, or if not by then, with some kind of firmware update.
todd that is a big concern of mine as well. love the grateful dead and those live shows need to be gapless
@steve @david i agree with your sentiments with your love of the album..."there's nothing like just spending time with an album that is masterfully planned out and coordinated"... wholeheartedly agree, that is why i have my concerns about the pono not offering gapless playback (and i will keep asking for a response to that question). if it does not you will not be able to enjoy your pink floyd, beatles, classical or any album which has one song bleed into the next without about .5 sec of silence before the next song starts.
hi all, for those who were asking for neil young & crazy horse artist signature series players, they are up! also, for those asking for more indie artists, we added tegan and sara artist signature series players too! happy friday!
crazy horse is up folks
@dana gibson - have a look at dimeadozen.org it's got some interesting stuff on there and makes a point of respecting artists wishes.  ; )
thank you, steve  macdonald for your a clear and convincing description of  how pono fills a sweet niche in our sonic landscape and music lifestyle alternatives.  it's so important that folks like steve bring things back into perspective when it seems the narrative gets a little too deep in the weeds.
@david stecklar i never understood the singles/tracks thing. always been albums for me. tracks can be so  unrepresentative
@pono thanks for the answer! i think john vanderslice would be a great choice, because he has a fully analog studio, cares a lot about sound quality and also, he backed this project haha
@steve macdonald - i share your sentiments exactly, thanks for sharing. i'm also excited to see how pono will help revive the idea and importance of albums as opposed to singles. there's nothing like just spending time with an album that is masterfully planned out and coordinated.
@steve macdonald well said!!!
just wanted to chime in on the duty conversation.  just an fyi to canadian backers, we will be charged duty/taxes/brokerage fees when the unit crosses the border, no doubt about it.  based on some of the duty i've been charged over the last year for various items purchased from u.s. sites, you should probably budget an additional $100.  friends, it is what it is, and i don't think there is much we (or the u.k backers) can do about it, short of committing or asking pono to commit fraud.
hi and good afternoon from manchester england. without wanting to get into some debate or argument about the ponoplayer with some techincal wizard or sound buff that will blind me with more stats far too boring to take, i just want to comment on the level of sceptisism and negativity on this thread. i do believe it says for backers only, not potential backers who want to totally bad mouth the whole project without hearing a note and have no intention of owning a pono. i'm pretty sure the target market for pono is to appeal to an audience who appreciate music more than the average fan, people who after years of busy lives, kids, jobs and whatever other distractions come along, still yearn for the quiet moments to sit back for a few hours, put the needle on the record and listen to the greatest sound possible from the greatest artists possible be if floyd or beatles or kinks or doors. but what happens is the the ever increasing need for music on the go, listening to music in places you never thought possible, carrying your entire collection in the smallest players possible. those moments of solitude with the crackle of the vinyl and the beer in hand while dusty preaches from memphis happen less and less, there is no room for the turntable, the vcr, the tape to tape deck, the cd player etc etc, the kids will ruin it or ruin the moment! either way, the market pono are appealing to i feel i fall right into. even if i do get the time for a few hours music listening uninterputed, its most likely to be from the ipod, and even through the best earphones or speakers its still noticble track to track how diminished or terrible something can sound and definately not in the league of vinyl. i don't for one second expect that pono is here to replace the ipod or any other mass storgage music playing device, i see it purely as my extra gadget to listen to music as pure as i can get it without shelling out thousands of pounds. i see it as my unit in my pocket that contains my classic albums, yes, re bought from the pono store, but small price to hear the the music as close as it was intended to be heard, and in this digital miniscule accessory age thats going to be a clever and much loved piece of kit to sit along side anything else i gain enjoyment from. i personally have probably bought all my albums many times over depending on the 'new' format of the day and yes it seems like why should i pay again, but as i mentioned, i, like many others don't have the room anymore for a loft full of vinl and tapes and cd's, i don't have the space for the equipment i had in my 20's. so if the pono can get anywhere near the sound quality of vinyl i will be more than happy. if the pono only takes 800 of the highest res tracks, i am more than happy to fill it with 80 classic albums. i am also more than happy to fill memory cards with specific music too if i need more space. compared to what things cost today in the uk its small for something i enjoy. i could buy a  shirt for £180.00-($300) i might wear 6-7 times. i might spend half of that on 1 night out etc. so i made my pledge in the first two days and october can't come quick enough. the video of artists giving compliments to the pono is a nice little touch and i'm pretty sure neil and pono wouldn't dream of putting together some grand scam to get us involved, i am assured by the mere scale of  some of the artists giving praise to the pono. what reason would they have to be anything but honest? as for people having trouble undersanding why they should pay tax and vat on import etc. then i would suggest you wait for an artist from your own country to come up with a device you want to buy(could be a long wait). it's just bad luck for foreign backers, but tough! suck it up, pono doesn't owe you anything but the reward surely! i work in import and export in the uk and i can tell you that if you wait to buy the pono from stores you will pay for shipping costs and the tax and duty just the same but it will not be advertised in the price and will all total more than the price we pay on kickstarter, so if i have to add a further 50 quid(pounds) to the total to receive it in october then thats fine with me. thank you neil and the pono team for bringing this product to a generation disgruntled and disatisfied with many aspects of modern living, thank you for the opportunity to take things back a little. steve macdonald-manchester-live forever.
i'm just getting into finding flac files due to the ponomusic project. i've looked at the archive.org site and found some stuff i'm interested in. what other sites are available and what type of artists tend to be represented?
1 foo fighters pono available
@david stecklar i have sennheisser pxc 450 over ear phones which do the job for me. i am not an audiophile though. don't know how they would rate on here????
@jonathan - thanks for the feedback. anyone here have a recommendation for over-ear headphones in the $200-300 range that have minimal sound leakage (if that's even possible with over ear). i will be doing most of my pono listening at the office and i'm having a heck of a time finding one with favorable reviews.
@richheart in my life i'm a do're, i accomplish things. most of my time regardless of business or personal is always jumping hurtles and solving issues.
a headphone recommendation - the new philips fidelio l2. i have the sennheiser momentums and much prefer the philips ones
i hope the ponoplayer does basic dsps like eq and crossfeed--both are important especially for headphone listening.
pono is making news in the hifi press.... http://www.whathifi.com/news/ponomusic-supply-chain-constraints-could-mean-ponoplayer-delays#comment-2941033 oh, 'fast and bulbous' - i think you will know who that is....
@tom, i agree with you, but there are still a lot of players on the market that still have trouble with gp, i'm going through it now with my oppo bdp-105 and it sucks. the simple fact that the ponoteam haven't addresses this, when it's been brought up more than a few times leads me to worry about it.
@todd wilson- i'm curious to know too about gapless playback. i can't imagine they won't have gapless play back, but reassurance never hurt anyone.
their not good for an office, sound does leak.
they sound though with any music, i demoed them via my ipod classic 160gb with 44.1khz 16 bit .wav files of: -graham nash (simple man/man in the mirror from reflections box) -neil young (bird/only love can break your heart) cellar door -neil young (bandit) greendale -neil young (love and only love) ragged glory
you're right, my ears just fit. i am not sure why they made the ear parts so small for a over the ear headphone.
oh yes! usb 3!!! haven't tried the momentum, but the beyerdynamic dt1350 are great!
@jonathan criswell - i've been mulling a purchase of the momentum over ears for my pono, maybe you could advise - do you have to "fold up" your ears to get them to fit inside the cups - and would they work in an office environment with not leaking sound at a medium volume?
@creator - a suggestion for accessories: i imagine a good deal of pono listeners will be listening on full-size over ear headphones, i would love to see an all-inclusive zippered case that would hold the headphones, maybe have the pono nest in the center of it, slots to secure extra sd cards, and a pouch/zip for your usb/charger cable. either way i'm definitely excited to see what pono offers in the way of accessories and other merchandise.
probably the best headphones ever for a portable device.  http://en-us.sennheiser.com/over-ear-headphone-momentum-stereo
it seems we may get a crazy horse signature version later today, but i will be keeping my ny signed player.
am i the only one that is concerned that pono hasn't addressed if this player offers gapless playback? it is a very important function for a dap and a simple question to answer which so far has been ignored by the ponoteam.
@treatise - stretch goals: usb 3.0 support for faster transfers.
@hope and @douglas i don't do much... hmmm do lawyers do much actual doing? :) i'm more of a facilitator for arguments, unless i am mediating (which i do love).
@gary no, vat or duty is not different if a depot or fulfillment service is used.
a project that i chose to back 2 days ago: total: 22 comments includes 7 answers from the creator, plus faq updates. way to go + https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/glowdeck/glowdeck-a-companion-for-your-smartphone/comments
@douglas stewart didn't you know, i also do comedy? what is life without laughter :) strong minded people who create action always have a strong opinions.. i'm a do'er!
@kinch i have no background in vat, but with what has been posted if there was a pono depot in eu, then tax would be lessened. have been in scotland all my life, not totally enthused by the great and good that represent us 'in the big hoose', so would rather pono gets my money and i get the music that i am gonna buy anyway. theres a meerkat statement to this that every brit will know..
@doug r-butt :)
@ron - sorry  i've tried to balance informative info with some hilarity but the moment is gone now : ( . well at least until one of them lawyer comes up with an aahhh but retort! : )
@mike smith. if you look at the updates at the top of the page there is a comment about artists contacting the pono team directly thro' artists@ponomusic.com.  good luck
@gary craig, could you flesh out your idea re pledging funds to the ponomusic store? it sounds good, and could be a nice win-win possibility. at the very least, pono should offer good long term discounts on music to the backers.
@ron @douglas sorry but that won't wash, we all dug doug :)
this looks like a new soap opera
@rich @hope- lol! stop it both of you i'm almost peeing myself!
@hope got it, i love it when lawyers agree. feels like a dream. i can hear music.... :)
@treatise, i'm with you 100%
i hear you.. i'm not looking to continuously debate it.. i just want it to be actually looked at from @pono that has always been the intent of the post.
i'm willing to pay more for a alu-se of mr. neil young !!
lol @ rich i think your brave both of you! : )
i concur much rather have brushed aluminium on the signature le, titanium might be a stretch though?
@hope and @rich  love the lawyer names, quite dickensian lol @hope don't give up hope, if i were rich, i wouldn't care :)
change of topic welcome? what stretch goals would you like to see? my #1 is an aluminum chassis. i would be willing to pay premium for titanium.
@ian your solution sounds great. i glad you feel it isn't compromised. take care.
@hope & @rich - i just love it when the lawyers start getting their teeth into this kinda stuff :) then the tax inspector comes along and says we don't care, you're paying and no statute exists that say we have to explain it to you : ), you gotta love those revenue bods powers beyond the grave even. remember guys you're doing this probono at best!! just a wee tickle ha ha ha !!
i'm in for a europe/emea distr.depot. i'm willing to import and distribute the pono players in europe and me
@mike smith update #2 says: 13. i would love to be an artist featured in the ponomusic.com store! how can i? awesome! please send an email to artists@ponomusic.com.
@richheart this kickstarter is a fund raising event for production. proceeds of the funds pledged go to @pono creating additional players for retail sale. non of which any backer here sees profits on, and shouldn't be on the market till before ever kickstarter pledger receives a player. that is why this is fundraising. i agree that the item sent has a value & that will have tax associated with it. but none the less i believe @pono has some research to do on what the value actually is that should be marked on the item. i have at no time suggested illegal activity. i have suggested this be looked into further. many people bring up valid points on this topic, from all sides. but if pledging a tier that has a signature on it, i would think they won't be sold retail. as a fellow lawyer you must know these are debatable points since this isn't actually retail and not sold as retail to date.
@pono - coming from an artist: is there a submission process to get our hq audio onto the pono store?
@tjc answering to your earlier inquiry...  i don't intend on giving out free music with that website.  the trading aspect of the site is still a long way off anyhow. i have made my intentions clear to the ponomusic team and they have already taken notice of the site and wish to answer questions that are presented over there.  we are currently trying to build a list of unanswered questions from concerned backers over at ponopeople, and then present them to mr. hamm directly for response.
@tjc surely answer is to pledge the difference to the store, you get music, pono get the money and set up through eu to save their costs. everyones a winner
curious so much concern about the vat and not as much about legal source of music files
@douglas do you mind providing that info on ponopeople? thanks
@kinch they probably would if you pledged the difference to the ponostore??
@kinch yeah that would be great. back in the day it used to be shannon in eire (ireland), now its more common for mainland europe to be netherlands i think. whereever takes a few quid off would be my hope.
@douglas, thanks and apologies. i did not see your original post, just leif's "retweet" of it, about an hour ago. it's a tidy calculator. perhaps we europeans should push a little, or even a lot harder for pono to use a local depot for emea distribution.
@rich cheers : ) , i have seen it come up a few times but don't mind pointing folk to where they can make their own informed decision on the likely in your hand cost in the uk & eu for that matter. @pono it would be better if you guys just clarified it somewhere other than here for non us backers though when you can.
@douglas  credit where credit is due: *my hat off to you :) thanks
@ron. the one i use goes has the fm antenna plugged into it and a cable that plugs directly into the fm antenna input on the radio. so it is hard wired at all times. lets the existing fm signal pass through it. i bought it as a last resort that i thought might be ok at a push. is really very good indeed - i was very surprised by how good it is, it doesn't feel compromised at all. the system uses speakers that cost around £700 for the fronts (hex audio drive units and crossovers) and as i say i am fussy about my sound.
@richheart @kinch i think you'll find it was i who provided the calc & also hmrc link ; ) to why a gift make not one jot of a difference. the only thing that can be minimised is courier fee on behalf of hmrc maybe. :)
wireless fm modulator in a car, won't and can't same sound as direct wire. not even close when you use fm modulator. it is a way, but by no means the best. anyone can say what you want, but this is a fact.
ron, there is confusion somewhere. the faq explains that the micro usb port is used to get music on to the ponoplayer. http://www.ponomusic.com/#faq how do you use the ponoplayer? your ponoplayer works in much the same way as your other portable music devices.  the ponomusic app (for mac or pc) provides you access to the ponomusic store, where you can browse, search, purchase and download high-resolution music to your computer.  you then just connect your ponoplayer mini-usb cable to your computer's usb port in order to sync your favorite music and playlists and then you can enjoy your ponomusic at the same quality level as the original recording from your ponoplayer. the ponoplayer has two output jacks:  one is a normal mini-stereo headphone plug, and the output is specially designed for headphones or earbuds and is meant for personal listening; the second is a stereo mini-plug analog output and is specifically designed for listening on your home audio system, in your car, or as an input to your sonos connect, so you can share the ponomusic experience with your friends and family.  keep in mind that your audio experience may vary depending on the capability of the audio system you use. what are the specifications of the ponoplayer? the ponoplayer was designed to meet or exceed the audio quality of portable devices and many home audio components: •    it is available in yellow or black with a soft touch finish.  it weighs 4.5 ounces (128 grams) and comes in a box with: •    a 120/240vac adapter/charger •    a micro usb cable for charging and syncing files from a mac or pc •    64gb of internal memory and a removable 64gb microsd card included (128gb total) •    free downloadable desktop software (for mac and pc) with a built-in music store to browse, purchase, manage and sync pono certified tracks as well as others
@ron - fm modulators that transmit an fm signal for the in-car fm radio to receive are hopeless things. but the wired one does everything i want. and it gives you a universal line in to the existing car radio. highly recommended.
@hope @leif and everyone on the import tax-skirting efforts. the value of an article is not the sum of it's components. if it is a marketed item, all customs and excise depts, consult market pricing. so a pono is going to have a value of $300 or $400 for a l.e. if the shipper (pono) declare an undervalue this would be considered fraud. (i am an english and israeli lawyer, by the way).  the gift or sale debate is thus rather redundant. even if pono (not an individual, so not so clear they can send a gift legally) were to declare it "gift, zero charge.", they still are obliged to declare a value. declaring an undervalue, would be a criminal offense. not such a good start for a start-up. leif, thanks for the calculator. i would end up paying $200 tax and duties, plus the cost of a hi grade 3.5mm to rca calble (adioquest sydney is over $200 - plus, again import duties and taxes) - so at $800+, i am a pono supporter but i will change my pledge to exclude a unit, as of now.
@treatise - like i've said too it's not the vat and duties that bother me - it's the "finger in the air" approach that some couriers have to their custom processing fees. so i'm a +1 re the use of a fulfillment service.
for those who don't know about gapless playback and why it is a must that the pono uses it. here's a great article. http://www.digitalaudioreview.net/2013/03/the-battle-for-gapless-playback/.
@remi and ian, what ian said, is what i just said. thanks ian. also, connecting to a fm modulator gives terrible sound.
@ leif rasmussen thanks for the link to the vat and duty calculator. it is handy to know what charges will be payable. @ hope clary thanks for your efforts to bring clarity to possible charges. eu laws are something those of us fortunate enough to live here are something we must enjoy. we do things differently here, sometimes extremely well, sometimes perhaps not quite so well, but always well:-) think i'll pack it in, and buy a pickup...
@hope @douglas thanks for the info. it does matter to some of us....now if some of the neil le backers from this side of the pond want to back out now, my finger is hovering......anyone??
using pono in a car... only way of getting sound out of pono is via the line or headphone out socket. so, only way to connect it to the car is via a line in socket, not usb. except... my car has neither and i wanted to use my dap/phone for input. i have used an fm modulator in the past and frankly they are naff. they tend to be hissy and subject to interference. well, not quite. i bought a wired fm modulater for £25/$40. took me an hour or so to fit it and the result is, well, fantastic. more or less no hiss, great sound and trouble free. can thoroughly recommend this way of connecting things. i am very fussy when it comes to sound, including in car. the ak120 feeds the system beautifully and am sure pono will do the same. so there is an alternative. here is the amazon.co.uk  url  http://www.amazon.co.uk/veba-modulator-transmitter-avfm-mod01-iphone/dp/b00fv82tms
@ron thomas: thay also said that: 18. will you support linux in addition to mac and windows for the pono desktop app? not initially. we are considering adding linux support for the pono desktop app. however, linux users have the option of side-loading both the microsd card and the internal storage of the ponoplayer using the usb connection. this is not an officially supported means of loading the player with music tracks but we are not precluding our users from using it until such time that the pono desktop app is supported on linux.
i believe pono said earlier that the usb on pono player is only for charging!
i mean "line out", i should not post here while working...
@ron thomas: yes the line, i think would be a good solution (and sadly my car don't have a line in or usb) but i was asking because that question came pretty often and i was not sure that was clear. the pono usb port can't be use as a "line out" but  if the car can take a thumb drive and are able to read the file, that sould work for what i understand. and i'm agree, the line out would be a easier way now i just need to decide if i keep my pearljam le ;)
@michel vat is the main problem, duty and other costs are much less. you are spot on about handling fees, though, which is why i've been advocating a fulfillment service. it also limits hassle at our end, and will be faster than every customer going through customs. but even if pono uses one, we (customers) will still need to pay vat (ie. bulk of additional fees) and duties.
it would be a good idea if they implemented a digital output. then one can use there own a to d converters.
@pono, is the only way to play pono thru car stereo via mini- jack input, of car stereo. please confirm yes or no?
i have just calculated the extra costs when the pono le is shipped to belgium from the us: - around 20 dollars duty - between 100 and 123 dollars of taxes. - 35 dollars handling fee all costs added up for a le pono = between 570 and 593 dollars... i think it's pretty clear why i won't be backing this... and wait for the pono to be available in shops, or maybe an alternative player. this explains how some kickstarters do manage to ship their stuff at a reasonable price to european backers: http://stonemaiergames.com/how-to-provide-free-shipping-worldwide-on-kickstarter-a-comprehensive-guide/
@treatise, you absolutely right.
@remi, some car players have a mini jack aux input. this is probably the only way to play on car stereo. my last two cars came with this input.
@hope not defensive, this topic just gets rehashed in every ks project - here daily -, and the suggestions are always the same, and wrong. it gets old.
frankly it's a grey area as we are not buying the players. we are pledging money to help produce them. therefore the players are sent to us as a reward / thank you for our pledge. if they sent us a payment invoice for the players it should read zero and 'gift' . the sender should really then declare the 'customs value' as being the value they paid for them from the factory in china plus the freight. i'm sure the duties and taxes would be a lot less then. they are not breaking uk law by declaring that value. obviously vat and duty must be paid in countries
@michel good point! that's why this is a forum! i can't stand people who attack for no reason. i have also seen bulk distribution and i had mentioned that early on myself in the second update comments, i think. i directed my comments to @pono because i know there are some things they can look into. thanks for posting this, if they are launching in uk, canada, & us, there should a legal way to lower this cost, it's not us only based.
@hope clary it's not the vat paying that we need to do (netherlands here) that's the problem. the problem is the extra costs we will be getting on top of the vat and the extra (so called) administrative costs that the delivery company asks from every individual that they deliver to while this could be lowered if the goods that are destined for europe would be bulk send so administration costs are kept low. and the fact that if you asks for the above, pono and a some people in this forum say that your asking pono to do an illegal thing and how dare you ask it. there was a link here a few days back pointing to another kickstart project explaining just how bulk to send to (amongst others) europe. those couriers dare to ask top price for something that is an automated process. so vat, we are used to and have to life with it. extra costs? @pono any action on getting this as low as possible?
@creator you said "@ tom glasstetter - answer is: no, you can not use the usb to play audio in the car, or anywhere else. the usb port on the player is for charging and synching, not for audio output." a bunch of car radio just play files you put on a thumb drive so if the pono can be used as a thumd drive that will work in some car at least (if the car stereo are able to play the file format who are on the pono) no?
@leif rasmussen - thanks for the reminder, its as close as it gets really cost wise, i allocated $5.00 of the $15.00 to insurance to try and get an accurate figure. we also have the courier's fee for collecting money on behalf of hmrc which is around £8.00 to £15.00 but i have seen it as high as £20.00. : (
@creator, i find it a little troubling that i've asked you twice and other have too about gapless payback on your player and whether you have it? this should be a very big concern to everyone who has pledged for a player, imo it is vital for pono to play gapless and this determines if i want my player or not.
we think, kickstarter comment section is a bad place to talk each other. come to ponopeople.boardhost.com .. a classic forum for all the talk about pono
@douglas 14 hours you wrote: if anyone needs to get a figure for their likely in their hand cost use this handy site http://www.dutycalculator.com/new-import-duty-and-tax-calculation/
i don't have any issue admitting if i am wrong, but these are the countries own laws/declarations that are requiring the tax. in all the updates i saw there was no legal explanation of that just a yes you must pay vat. @treatise don't be so defensive, a little sugar goes a long way when talking to people.. fyi :)
@hope - well normal vat here is 20% on good purchased but i would need to look into how hmrc would approach a kickstarter project. it is not charitable that's for sure and because it is commercial i would suspect normal rates to apply, but would need to check.
@douglas stewart i'm sorry, that sucks! if this wasn't international what would your tax rate be, if from a kickstarter project?
@hope - we pay its as clear as glass i'm afraid : ( i have already given the details on how to work it out to within £10, have a look at my comments a days ot 2 ago and you'll see the figure is £322.00 ish to our hand here in not so great britain! and maybe a not so untied kingdom come the 18th september no matter which way our independence vote goes in scotland.
@treatise get over yourself, you can debate rather than write 3 paragraphs on your ego. this is a forum, not an attack. i'm not sifting through everyone's comments.. that's @pono's job, and i commented based on law. in the us. and my experience with international pledges of my own.
@douglas stewart it's your countries law that is making you pay then, but it seems like if just pledging a tee shirt or maybe the poster wouldn't have to pay, though. if it exceeds £135 your law requires vat or just on alcohol and cigarets gat vat passes?
not interested in getting into a debate with someone who obviously has no idea what she's talking about, and since i have written about this in length previously. frankly, such requests are silly, and as mentioned earlier, you are possibly asking pono to commit fraud. bottom line: there is no practical and legal way around vat and duties in the eu, other than getting a lazy customs guy.
@hope yes but i'd bet my bottom dollar its the whole of the eu too more or less. at the end of the day the eu is within a few % of each other tax wise.
@hope i think the danish law is more or less the same!
@hope clary- i think i just did but i backed it up for you to read yourself, hey i think its great that you managed it before and i live in hope but i'm prepared as i think gary craig is to pay the £322.00 in my hand price in the uk
@douglas stewart so that is the uk's own law?
@treatise i know what i say is 100% correct! so prove me wrong legally & not with words.  thanks, hope clary
@hope clary @gary craig - i know this is a cut and paste so no secret there but proof from her majesties customs & excise on gifts from outside the eu. 2/3rd's of the way down this page  http://www.hmrc.gov.uk/customs/post/buying.htm start quote" gifts sent from outside the eu if you're sending or receiving a gift from outside the eu: excise duty is payable on any alcohol or tobacco products customs duty is payable if the value of the gift exceeds £135, but will be waived if the amount of duty is £9 or under import vat is payable if the value of the gift exceeds £36 to qualify as a gift: it must have been sent from a private person outside the eu to a private person(s) in the uk. the customs declaration must be completed correctly – see guidance on the customs procedures for goods posted to the uk link below. it must be for the use of either you or your family. there must be no commercial or trade element and it must not have been paid for by the recipient either directly or indirectly. it must be of an occasional nature only - for example for a birthday or anniversary. if it's perfume or toilet water it must be within the allowances described in the earlier section 'perfume and toilet water'. if the allowances are exceeded than charges apply on the excess. customs procedures for goods posted to the uk gifts ordered over the internet - uk tax and duty still due ordering and paying for goods over the internet to be sent to someone other than you, doesn't count as a gift. the recipient will be liable to uk duty and tax.
@hope while i appreciate the sentiment, declaring as a gift does not work - customs officers are not idiots, and will slap duties and vat no matter how many gift or sample-stickers are on the package. making such false declaration is also very likely mail fraud, so these requests should really stop. also, if by fundraising you mean charity, any controller who claims ks is that would be held personally liable for such false claims in most jurisdictions. talking as a finance professional and former controller.
thank you @hope clary
@pono @stronty @gary craig i can guarantee when @pono's accountant files the company taxes next year, the $$ raised from this kickstarter will be declared as fundraising! if not, @pono you better fire your accountant! :)
@ hope clary- you're a star!! all to often i just fall into i must pay the duty or take the chance but this is different, of course it is. @gary craig- no excuse here, shoulda thought of that, i'm handing in my canny scot card right away : )
@hope good comment. i am biased as im in scotland, but its very true. surprised being a canny scot i never thought of that myself. brain cells must be going...and brain cells must be going..and...
@pono i do want to say one thing in hopes that you can look into it. although i'm not an international backer, you seem to be addressing your fundraising champaign as a retail purchase, when it's not. i can give you a laundry list of kickstarters i've helped fund and have never paid tax on international pledges. i do feel you are doing a disservice by not declaring this as a gift to international buyers, since this is truly a fundraising site. please look at el charger as a reference. since this isn't actually amazon and after funding, people wait for a really long time to get the reward, that legally makes this a gift, not a purchase in the eyes of the law. please do the research.   you will have a better champaign for it!
@alister m why are you concerned about  the availability of the music. do a google search you will find what you need.
@jason offenbacker i agree on the point you're trying to make. a lot of people unfortunately doesn't seem to understand the concept of kickstarter, with giving new companies a starting chance. i do however think that the reason for a lot of the unclear language is due to the different nationalities that people here come from. some people are more fluent in english than others.
sort of asinine that some people can be so extensively demanding and indignant of a company that hasn't even started up yet.  what isn't so surprising is the general lack of coherent readable english in these 'list-of-demands' belligerent posts.  if you're going to make demands, at least make sense in what you're saying, a little intelligence goes a long way.
@pono music consider this... you have a new website pono music ! this website is "selling" hra downloads of the best of the best music ever !!! you are here on kickstarter now looking for "donations" & perking us with signed artist series pono players with two full albums loaded and ready to rock when we git dem via ??? ok i git dat ... soooooo why not offer 75% off any of the soon to be forever available hra downloads to the kickstarter community here & now ? huh ? like i pledge say... just saying here ... pledge $100 ! yea a hundred dollars to purchase any hra download ya got for ever on da pono music website @ 75% off until its all gone ... see ? my $100 pledge here is worth $400 hra downloads "when this gits up-n-running ya know ... yea ! i could do this ! how bout you pono ? got any hra music ? i git to pick my own tunes right ? :)
originally it was requested we ask questions by sending messages, however it now appears you are answering questions in the comments section. should i re-ask my questions here?
@pono thanks for the very fast response, if that's all it takes for know i will gladly do it (i already am), but take note that i would love to get more involved in the future :)
@francisco ruiz-tagle: just spreading the message about pono is all we can ask for. thanks for your support.
hi @pono! is there a way of working with/for you guys on this project (besides spreading the word and being a backer through kickstarter)? i have serious intentions about this, i would love to be a contribution in some way, specially considering that you'll probably take some time on your own to get to my country. please let me know, thank you!!
hey pono team... imho comment section on kickstarter is not a good place to talk each other. please open a forum on your website.. or use ponopeople.boardhost.com instead
:)
@ponomusic team you're welcome.
@robert something like that. if they can make it, then some fans might go crazy over a pono music artist edition and buy it.
i second the neil young and crazy horse edition.
@alister m: we have to be able to walk before we run. please be patient until we find our stride. we appreciate your passion about hi-res music.
@otoshi no kami (erudito no. 40723): thanks for your feedback.
hey guys. just back this project just now. i convinced that this technology can bring a huge benefit worldwide.  also, is there stretch goal for this? it would be a good time for ponomusic team to come up some good idea while it is counting down.  for example, pono music player custom edition or something.
another issue to consider in relation to region restrictions is that i have no doubt that the situation where somebody outside of the usa/uk/canada cannot purchase online content, is contributing to online piracy. it is absurd that currently it is often far easier and quicker for someone in the 'rest of the world' to download a pirated copy of a song/movie than it is to purchase legitimate copies online.  i know plenty of people that download pirated content because it is either too difficult or ridiculously expensive to get legitimate copies.  i believe that given the opportunity, most people will do the right thing and buy legitimate copies as long it is convenient and reasonably priced. while the music rights issue is in no way pono music's fault, maybe it is timely - given that there seems to be an large number of high profile artists on board - to put pressure on the powers at be to sort out such licensing issues.
i was extremely disappointed to find out that the pono music store will not be selling music to those outside of the usa, uk and canada. this is something that should have been made abundantly clear right from the outset. a high resolution music player that is unable to perform its primary function of playing high resolution is music, due to the unavailability of high resolution music, makes the device substantially pointless.  the pono music store goes hand in hand with the pono music player; this a key selling point. i would go so far as to say that without the announcement that the pono music store would be releasing high res music to coincide with the pono music player, the pono music  would not have had anything like the success as has occurred on kickstarter over the past week or so. while there are methods to bypass the region restrictions (vpn/proxies), these methods are beyond the capability for the vast majority of people and it is a shame so many people will miss out on high quality content due the fact the pen pushes and paper shufflers can't sort their s#$% (stuff) out.
@creator, gone surfing :) aloha !!!
@tjc, consider everything we are writing here "archival" to this pono music r&d ! every suggestion from all of us pono pioneers here will be read and re-read by engineers / sales groups /ceo's ... etc. over and over again and again !!! this comment feed is a "marketing dream" to the project teams here and in the future - all of this matters to the success of this. i want future "stock options" as one of the original pono pioneers :)
@creator, i'm not sure if this has been answered yet or not. does the ponoplayer have gapless playback.
will pink floyd the wall be available.  the sonics on that album were incredible!
i done man, chow
@creator thanks
@henry hanna i like pono as well and cant wait till this delivers even though i think a lot of the good sugestions made are falling on deff ears. reminds me of a particularly dense person i used to work with when some one said something many times we told the person to stand up first so the comment would not go over their head. they stood up but still did not understand it was quite comical and i am sure illegal to do that today. like the person that hears something it goes in on ear and out the other as thier is very little between the ears to hear what was said
thank you!
@angad, the artists two faves from their own catalogue. according to the recent uncut special edition on neil young, neil young le backers can expect everybody's rockin' and tonight's the night.
@angad katyal great question here comes a new dance just watch
@tjc, for the past month i have been in and out of "same day surgeries" & two weeks ago i was fitted with the left acrysofiq "aspheric natural iol" lenses 21.od. i got a 20.od right last month & it gives me back the 20/20 vision needed to work the fine art market [ and some new colors ]. so yea a good pair of glasses or a mind reader might help the interns ... or perhaps a nice lunch, say cheese or a hamm sandwich on rye ... who knows? i'm a fan of the pono team so it's all in good fun so long as this launch proves to the world that there are "women on the moon" :)
hi, for the signature series, it states - "comes pre loaded with artists top two favorite albums." their own favorite albums or their favorite albums of other artists... there has to be an easier way to ask this question;)
@henry hanna: henry. like the way you think :).
@henry hanna maybe they have this  homonymous hemianopsia patients often lose their place in reading owing to their visual field loss. wilbrand in 1907 coined this as macular-hemianoptic reading disorder and today we refer to it as hemianoptic alexia or hemianoptic dyslexia. these patients have the ability to read words, but complain that its just too difficult or confusing to read for long periods of time and that they now avoid it. they may report that they lose their place or get confused on which word to read next.
@daniel espinosa bautista: 1). it's not gone. we just didn't create a new format. we went with flac because it achieves our objectives of recreating the original studio sound and avoids another format war. 2). your pc can play flac files but what many people don't realize is the your operating system often downsamples your hi-res audio before it plays it. so in fact you may not be getting the full effect of your hi-res music unless you're taking extraordinary measures. furthermore, converting digital data back into the original analog sound is part science, part art, part soul, and not easily achieved. audiophiles spend tens of thousands of dollars building out home audio systems that produce great sound. but these systems are not a) for the faint of heart, b) portable. what pono does is to bring the hi-res experience to the masses without breaking the bank ,for both home use and on the go. 3). yes. our promise to provide the highest resolution unadulterated music based on the highest quality master available from the labels. we obtain our masters directly from the labels with no middlemen. we will absolutely have quality standards. in cases where no hi-quality digital master exists, based on community demand we will go back to the analog master and create a hi-res master ourselves.
@creator, ahhh hello? hello... hello... hello... hello? echo... echo... echo... echo... hello !!! wow tjc, it's like a mind-link with the sphinx in here :)
@creator      1) when neil young discussed this a few years back he talked about making a file format and machine that could play audio back like the studio tape machines would. it was supposed to be something along the lines of the music sounding as good as the studio playback devices reading the tapes. is that idea gone? is this just high res music? 2) multiple devices can play flac files, including my pc (which i use to listen to all digital formats), what benefit would a pono offer over my pc in terms of sound? i listen at home with my denon receiver and have no intention to listen anywhere else. 3) are there standards set for music released on here in terms of compression and quality? there are many terrible modern remasters of old releases that originally were amazingly mastered and full sounding. i could imagine them putting up the high res files of the brick walled nirvana nevermind, compressed michael jackson off the wall/thriller/bad, and many more instead of the original masters. would they offer high rez downloads of terrible compressed music or would they tell the labels to go back to the archives?
@david liew: if/when we support dsd it'll be native. the 8hrs of playtime is with a mix of different music qualities. we can't share any of our bom details on this forum as it'll trigger a lot discussions that take away from the bigger picture. thanks for understanding.
@tom if your car player has mini -jack aux input, then no problem. mini to mini. some car decks, such as mine does.
@james yell: we certainly will. but keep in mind that you can obtain hi-res music from other sources and enjoy them on the ponoplayer until the ponomusic store arrives down under.
@creator, ok...
@stanley westerback see what i mean
@henry hanna: henry. isn't "unusually excellent" a fantastic book on leadership by john hamm. john'a book was one of the key reasons i decided to join the pono team. other key reasons: the quality of music that comes out of a ponoplayer, and neil young's passion and conviction. we're truly blessed to have an amazing team here. pedram abrari
@creator since everyone here buying into the pono player are now the original data set of "pono pioneers" catchy huh? since we are all gonna end up on the pono music website [ logging in etc. ] since you guys will get all the "original" dataset from all of 10k "pono pioneers" interactions with the backend of the hra distribution / makes sense to me to "serve & protect" this information with a "nod & a wank" music promo free silk pono pioneer industry jacket & t-shirt & promo party back stage pass for life & list the after-kickstarter survey info on the pono musc website... just saying :)
@stanley westerback: the trouble with this is that our number of contributors is quite large, 13,000 and counting. trying to keep track of all the add-ons can turn into a full-time job. remember we only have a limited team at this point and we plan to use the funds to turn pono into a fully fledged company. we do appreciate your support and patience.
@tjc - yep band shirts will set you back, no matter who the band is.
@stanley westerback they said no several times you are wasting your they don't care what the rest of kickstarter does and tshirts in the music world are $50 dollars not $15 obviously you have not been to a concert lately
seeing who heny hanna is was easier as well.
it was easier to figure out what isbn: 978-0-470-92843-1 was than what sean o'leary's question was.....but now we know
what i have seen others do is not make a second kickstarter, but tell people to pledge over the award amount, say add $15 for a t-shirt, $20 for a usb (obviously that wouldn't work here), etc.  then once the kickstarter has ended, the pledger can say what they wanted with the extra funds they paid.  i have seen them called "add ons".  if you look up "unsung story: tale of the guardians" on kickstarter, and go to the bottom of the page, you will see one example of this.
@john hamm, what are you - not a blackberry - on? i'm reading isbn: 978-0-470-92843-1 here on the island of kauai in lihue - 1000 yards from the golf course over looking the harbor ;) yea, yea yea... keep in touch with us pono pioneers !!!
@creator pls keep australia/nz high in the mix of priorities too.  availability of quality hi res music is a biggie for us down here as well!!
creator.  understood. poor choice of words on my part. wanted to know if you retained your position. since its a new le i guess its obvious?
@ douglas shirlaw - we have a lot to do this summer to get organized better business in europe, and we will work on it.  we will start with an effort to expand our music licensing rights, which right now, cover usa, canada, and uk.  from there, we will make better plans  regarding the ponoplayer, distribution, support.  etc.  but, music rights come first in the rest of europe.  the amount of interest in our products and ideas from europe is really quite amazing, and we are delighted.  it helps us prioritize that work as we look forward.  thanks.
@ henry hanna… wish i was on the links, my friend.  but, we are having a lot of fun at ponomusic right now.  not sleeping much, and trying to get to all the things that need our attention.  it'll be a while before i see those golf clubs again… thanks.  btw, i gave up my blackberry a long time ago…
@adrian i saw leonard cohen in london last year. jumping around like a man half his age...put me to shame really. he was awesome.
any new limited edition artist edition ponoplayers announced from today onward will be for december, 2014 delivery.  for @ gary craig, that doesn't mean "the bottom of the pile" - just the exact place in the delivery queue where our supply lets these be made and ship.  thanks.
@ tom glasstetter - answer is: no, you can not use the usb to play audio in the car, or anywhere else.  the usb port on the player is for charging and synching, not for audio output.
@ gary - any new artist editions from here on out is scheduled for december delivery.
let's have buffalo springfield and van morrison artist signature series too.
so if theres a neil and the horse le and you switch, do you still get october delivery? or are you put at the bottom of the pile?
sean o'leary wondered why not a neil and crazy horse artists signature series. he also wondered whether the pono could be distributed from cork. maybe neil and crazy horse could bring some advance ponos to cork when they play the marquee here on july 10th? :-) it would be nice to see a leonard cohen artist signature series too. leonard is magic.
signatures and horse logo if it were possible to squeeze them all on a ny&ch le would be amazing!! that is if it's going to happen....
would love to see hot tuna,jorma kaukonen, cream, clapton, jack bruce albums available. cant wait to really  hear my neil young albums again as well!!  thanks neil for pushing this dream forward.
pssst @dana g !!! i think "john" is out playing golf on da links - kinda feel like he is on a blackberry typing between shots ... all sorts of shots ;) hey john "little help here professor" !!!
dana,he asked for neil and crazy horse that seems what he's getting!
i don't know who sean o'leary is.......but it sounds like we get some new les tomorrow....if that was his question.... please repeat the question so we can put an answer with a question, oh great creator(or john).
john thanks for the reply. i'll see what the archives costs and decide whether a repurchase or a rip would be cost effective. btw i have paid many times for neil's music since 1969. and done it happily.
are there any pictures or mockups of the case that is included with the limited edition units?
the cost of shipping this to israel adds about $250 in duties. :(
i suspect the uk £ price will be the same as the $, it's always the way or near enough as to be annoying.
pono team q&a, got a "mophie" here... do i need any special connectors to recharge my pono on the fly ?  http://www.mophie.com/shop/universal-batteries/powerstation-pro-smartphones-tablets is otterbox onboard to build a pono case ? &... eddie money "broken down chevy" master kicking it (god knows where) on some archive shelf you guys can git yo hands on ?;)  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@douglas shirlaw great question here comes a new dance just watch
now that we seem to have some two-way communication going, can i please ask about the situation after october 2014? presumably once ponos can be purchased from retailers within the uk/eu - will they be available at the same prices being quoted here or will the price reflect uk/eu taxes i.e will the prices be higher?
cool -thank you. figured, but was curious.
@tom glasstetter - as mentioned further down in the comments (yes i've been here a while) i believe there will be no audio out via the usb port.
@ creator thanks very excited about  this!
@someone - i think it is unfair to level the vat, import duty negative @pono at this stage. even if they did what you asked it would still be more as they have to pay more granted in bulk. i hope it is your way and not mine at least that way i can fork out the savings on some cables : )
does anyone know if you're able to get audio from pono in the car using the usb? i understand it won't show on the display, but wasn't sure if audio was still available.
@someone as i've said before numerous times, you can't get around the vat and duties. if ponomusic imports the players themselves, they will have to pay the same duties, and they will have to collect the same vat as a consumer buying it online, and getting shipped to the eu. nothing to do with pono, blame your politicians. 15 usd for international shipping is very good price for such a product. in fact, i think ponomusic will be taking a hit on most, if not all, international shipments.
@ bill - at the moment, the largest capacity sd card that fits this player and is a compatible is 64g.  there are 128g cards in development and we will be so excited when they become available.  with 64g in the ponoplayer and (someday), 128g on an external card, we'll have almost 200g capacity.  and, the 64g card you replace has value as an extra library of music that you can swap in and out.  memory keeps getting cheaper and bigger, so we are hopeful about this.  we investigated this 128g issue before we made this decision.  thanks, john
@ t pennekamp.  yes, you can use the ponoplayer while it is charging.  good question.  thanks.
@ peter beck - don't know if you got your question answered yet - but, the answer is: yes, we will definitely ship all the limited edition artists series ponoplayers, even if the offering does not sell out.  regardless of the number of ponoplayers sold of the 500 offered in these pledge levels, they will be shipped.  of course, we are hoping all the le artists series are sold out - it's just easier to build 500 of each of them… thanks, john hamm
douglas how does that make it less of a negative for us? and actually vat could be lowered for some by sending from a low vat country in eu, import duties would be zero if shipped from within eu and courier fee can certainly be considered as different carriers charge very different fees.  actually there wouldn't be a handling fee at all if sent from eu. i know pono doesn't want to get involved but as i said, that doesn't make it less of a negative for the buyer.
this has asked before, would it be possible to use a different size sdcard in pono other than 64 ?
if anyone needs to get a figure for their likely in their hand cost use this handy site http://www.dutycalculator.com/new-import-duty-and-tax-calculation/
@ sean o'leary… watch the site tomorrow… you are going to get what you wanted :-) i think you'll be happy.
@someone the vat, import duties and courier fee for hmrc (irs in us) are nothing to do with pono, it is to do with your country and there tax rules! see the aussies who don't pay anything for import.
@kyle i have to apologize i didn't read all of your posts. sounds like you have a great idea on getting cheap music how do i go about sending you some microsd card so i can get some of those tunes i am not particular about who it is as long as they sound great i didnt see any links to how to get this free music on you web site yet hope to get lots of tuns and avoid the pono prices kyle french about 3 hours ago @eduard @ peter - finding a 'supplier' would be even better if they have the same taste in music... think about it... (i'll stop there) i don't like people being left out, regardless of location. just looking out for you.  kyle french about 3 hours ago @peter @ volker another alternative, until that happens, is making a connection with somebody, with access to the store, that is generous enough to load up a bunch of removeable microsd cards on your dime and have them shipped to you. just spitballing here. sounds like a lot of work but it is very doable until the store is accessible in your home country.
@ ron thomas.  not sure if someone else answered your question - but, the answer is:  on the limited edition players, the artist themselves will choose their own favorite two albums from their body of work, and we will pre-load those albums on the ponoplayer in the highest resolution available.  we expect many/most of them to to be in 24/96 or 24/192, but we are honoring the artists favorites, and we'll put the highest res copy of their favorites on the ponoplayer.
i think most that asked didn't so much have a problem with the sound quality coming from a mini output. but as someone who has had a multitude of miniplugs break over the years i will hate to plug/unplug this thing everyday. but if it doesn't fit there's not much to do. i agree there's not much point in including a cable. everyone has different preferences as you say. you can get one anywhere for next to nothing. and if you want an expensive one you wouldn't want one that is included anyway. so now that the vat issue is a negative, the rca output is a negative and the store availability is a negative. could you at least make sure the battery is replaceable without sending it in? us poor non uk europeans need something positive ...
@ treatise.  yes, we really care about the mastering of this music, the integrity of the original analog to digital conversion (no upsampling, or other tricks and funny stuff that degrades the file), and we are going to spend a lot of time understand the origin of the high resolution files in our store.  provenance is expensive work, but we think this is something our customers will really value, so we are going to invest in it.  authenticity is something that neil stands for.  we want to be sure we get the "real thing" before we offer it on our site.
@ peter rustin - great comment, but the fact is that neil's music lives by the same rules all the other music in the world of proper record labels.  they set the prices for the music that they own the rights to.  we license those rights to re-sell this music and the financial equation is set is part of the contract.  btw, neil's music is worth it!  john
@ bastian dam - the reason you don't see as many limited edition artist models of past greats - i.e. johnny cash is mostly, and simply because it is more complicated to get permission from their estate if the artist is deceased.  there is usually a legal process to do such a thing.  with living artist, permission can be granted quickly, through the artists management and the artist.  there are some past greats we'd love to have… just don't know if we can get it done before the campaign ends.  john hamm
@ brian walsh - love that you are now considering getting better audio gear, and you can do something great with your budget.  one unexpected cool thing for us is that we've had a lot of interest from serious audio stores - not because selling a $400 product is particularly exciting, but rather, that when you hear the quality of high resolution music on a ponoplayer, it can inspire folks to invest a bit more in their home systems… we are starting at the source of the music, so, any improvements down the line will further enhance the high res ponoplayer experience.
@peter beck.  i think it is really cool that @ kyle french put up a ponopeople message board.  we want to support all of this directly, but it is a huge help if you guys can share information, much like it all happens on the forum at computeraudiophile.com.  if someone on either this board or kyle's has a free afternoon and wants to assemble a top 10 unanswered questions, and send them to me, i would be happy to answer them personally, and get it back to you guys for a post on both boards.  meanwhile, i'll keep going through these… even though i've got a ton of stuff to do, i'm enjoying seeing the feedback and responding personally.  thanks, john hamm
@garryh - we indeed are looking at the options for including a stereo mini-plug to rca output in the standard packaging.  the challenge is that everyone has a different value on the quality of that cable, so we have some thinking to do.  at a minimum, our website will, at the time of shipment, include some great recommendations, at different price points, for this cable.  fyi, length is also a tough choice - some people want a 3' cable and some want 15'.  so, it might be better to have options available than to guess the cable that a vast majority of people would want and be wrong on either quality, price, or length.  it is a tough "accessory" decision.  thanks, john hamm
@ron thomas john hamm, ceo of ponomusic here. we have no plans for rca outputs on the ponoplayer. the device just doesn't set up, mechanically for that option. it is primarily a portable player, and while we strongly encourage use in home listening environments, we did not have room to include proper rca output jacks. i use an audioquest mini-stereo to stereo rca for all my ponoplayer demos on my home equipment. i use the sydney cable. http://www.audioquest.com/analog-interconnects/ it is fantastic, and does not have a heavy end on it that would damage anything on the ponoplayer. the mini-stereo output works incredibly well, and i have demo'd the ponoplayer on the highest end audiophile systems you can imagine using this kind of cable with great results. btw, the cable i use in my demos is 5m long, and sounds amazing...
what do you think will be the 2 albums from the metallica signature pono ? and what will be the quality ?
it would be nice. for sure the connection on rca to rca are better. also this cable you can buy from basic to ultra hi-end. from mini to rca, no way of buying hi-end cable. also, shielding on rca to rca, much better. mini jack is only of convenience, not hi-end.
@garryh the high quality mini 3.5mm to rca cables are heavy, they place stress on the spring loaded 3.5mm socket and then the contacts don't work... this takes a ny minute. the solutions: 1) rca sockets (the pono isn't tiny so there might be room). or 2) use cheapo rubbish cable on a hi-fi dap. hmmm why?????
@ron thomas - the second stereo mini output is 'line out' so that is equivalent to rca out except we need to purchase a 'stereo mini plug to 2 x rca adapter'. would be nice if pono supplied this adapter with each player...
hey! if you have questions about pono, the technical aspects of the player, or just wonder what is up and down with this kickstarter campaign, then head on over to pono "veteran" @kyle french's message board http://ponopeople.boardhost.com. most questions have been answered in one way or the other, and if you don't feel like going through the whole comments section or want some one else in the community to talk to, then feel free to join us! besides, pono very rarely answers questions directly, preferring people in the community to help each other directly if we can.
@jdc, i'm sorry about the r. i didn't do it on purpose,
the r had to be added at some point didn't it @ron thomas
never heard of that. all the preamp does is amplify the analog signal for the amp section. that's all it does. therefore, does not effect output signal of porno at all.
never heard of that. all the preamp does is amplify the analog signal for the amp section. that's all it does. therefore, does not effect output signal of porno at all.
@tjc nope... don't work for pono, just trying to start something outside of this comment section for all interested.
@kyle french are you working for pono if not i have no interest in your site
@gerry no, most receivers will redigitalize the analog input signal for preamping .. so the advantages of the pono components are gone..
@eduard @peter - i'll make you guys administrators over at http://ponopeople.boardhost.com so we can help spread the word about this place and get a good community of users going also tomber, but i'm not sure who that is in this comments section. thanks gents.
@pono, at the very least, rca analog outputs, should be added on porno player.
@axel - the pono dac and ayre designed analog circuitry will beat most dac/circuitry in receivers. so it makes perfect sense to connect a pono this way.
@brian, for only two channel on a budget. your probably best to get a integrated amp, instead of a receiver, this will probably give you a better sound.
@axel, no choice because pono has only analog outputs. they want consumer to use there excellent internal dac and circuitry.
thanx ron...now the fun part will be choosing the components...will budget about $1200 for everything...including the pono player. i only want a 2 channel audio system...no home theater...nothing fancy...just the best reliable audio sound for the buck. 15x15 room....(upstairs loft with 3 walls and a pony wall that leads to the downstairs) so probably bookshelves.  i primarily listen to folk/acoustic and pop/rock and roll (beatles..beach boys...who...stones) pretty typical baby boomer...with a little jazz and classical thrown in.  looking at yamaha, sherwood, marantz on the amp side...wharfdale diamond 10.1, jbl studio 530 or may polk rti a3 on the speaker side...but the search has just begun!  :)
i guess pono does not plan to create rca output despite the requests on here. sorry to hear that. i researched 3.5mm to rca cables, the good ones are heavy and place a strain on the 3.5mm socket.  what bothers me more is that there is a method to pono replies: what you feel like replying gets cover, the rest is ignored. :(
@brian but it make no sense to connect the pono player to analog inputs...
brian, once you connect cable, you just select source from receiver to match input.
brian, once you connect cable, you just select source from receiver to match input.
perfect...thanx @ron!  :)
you can connect is to any stereo rca inputs, such as aux in, tape in, cd in, etc. take care brian.
hi @axel that is totally greek to this newbie...i guess what i'm asking is what is the name of the input on the receiver that i would plug my pono into...thanx!  :)
http://ponopeople.boardhost.com
@brian many modern a/v receiver can play flac files over dlna or from usb. that's the better way because no analog input will be used
for anyone interested...  i've set this up so the pono community can post questions that might have already been answered by the ponoteam, so we don't bog this place down with repition and can help each other out... also so we can form a community of pono users. ponopeople.boardhost.com
thanx @ron...what is the particular input on the receiver labelled...just "input" or "audio input?"   total newbie here.  :)
@brian no cables appear to come with porno player. all you need is a mini jack to rca  l-r cable. this would connect to your receivers input. no problem.
@axel 2 main things: 1) higher quality music. come on, dude. that's what pono is all about. bluwavs, for what i can see, offer flac/wav 44.1/24-bit downloads along with cd sales. pono will offer up to 192/24-bit music quality. it's a huge difference. 2) they will be making their own hardware to go with their library. think what apple does with building their own phones and os - not in practice necessarily, but in theory - it's made by the same people and should work together more seamlessly.
as an audio newbie who currently just has an ipod and a laptop...i can purchase a receiver and speakers and run all my music files through pono into the receiver? one wall plugin...one stop shopping?  will pono come with the cables to connect to my new receiver?  also...will my receiver need any specialized abilities to work with pono?  what input will the pono connect to on the receiver?  thanx.  this sounds cool!  :)
what will pono do better than eg. www.bluwavs.com?
re: ian kendrick's idea about a phono input to record hi-def into pono -- i'd buy that, for sure. use the same basic case, just swap out the minijacks for rca, and then you have to do something about the ground. it would probably compete with the zoom devices, but would be perfectly built for vinyl lovers. also, it be shaped slightly different, like a d4 brush.
@larry - pono's response will be to contact their management teams directly. i've noticed, i'm sure as a lot of us have, that most of the artists featured on the le artist signature series made an appearance in the 11:00 promo video on the main page.  i think only 5 of the 20 artists available for le's (for now) are not featured in the video.  so, if you're holding out for more adds to that list, i don't think you should expect to see any that don't make an appearance on that thing, unfortunately. also, fun fact:  i didn't know until only recently that pharrell was 40 years old, but i see where you're going with the age difference thing.
a little more variety in age, gender, and race in the artists who support pono and in pono's artist signature series would be great to see.  pharrell? prince? alicia keys? the roots? john legend? lady gaga? lorde? bruno mars? stevie wonder?
@eduare - and i agree a ponouser forum would be ideal at some point.  even if not accessible through the official site.
@eduard @ peter - finding a 'supplier' would be even better if they have the same taste in music... think about it... (i'll stop there) i don't like people being left out, regardless of location.  just looking out for you.
@kyle what a good idea, i assume we would not be able to do it here but hopefully some of the backers here (from the us) can help us (in the outside world) set up a link on the ponomusicstore forum, if there is such a thing! (
@kyle - good idea! hopefully there will be some sort of roll-out map for the future when the pono players are shipped out this october/december, so we know what actions to take at that point.
@peter @ volker another alternative, until that happens, is making a connection with somebody, with access to the store, that is generous enough to load up a bunch of removeable microsd cards on your dime and have them shipped to you. just spitballing here.  sounds like a lot of work but it is very doable until the store is accessible in your home country.
@volker - they've said that the other stores will come later. you can still listen to your own music library on it until the store opens in germany. i'm danish, so i won't be able to access it either. still a quality product!
@john hamm and ponomusic in general: i'm glad to hear you are dedicated to curating the music that will be included in the ponomusic store. it doesn't matter how many bits and hertzes and dacs the player has if the mastering has been done haphazardly, and all dynamic range has been eliminated so that the music turns into structured noise. for those who don't know what i'm referring to, google "loudness wars". therefore it is encouraging to hear that there is pressure from pono to produce good (re)masters which will include music with its full life intact. here's hoping that the entire music production chain from the studio to our ears will improve given the renewed interest in high-def music.
i canceled my pledge. because i read, that there won't be a music störe in germany. i am really disapointed. i was so happy to get the norah jones version...
thx @peter beck
@axel - open to all devices. their idea is that you buy it once and can play it everywhere :-)
hi! great project.. will the flac files only playable on pono player or will they playable on all devices that can play flac?
as a procurement professional who deals with contract manufacturing of electronic assemblies, i'm wondering if you're developing a design plan to deal with obsolescence of key components, particularly around the key ic's that touch the display and software.  as someone who deals with this daily,  i'd hate to see it impact pono design and delivery in it's infancy
13k! awesome! let's push it to 15!
hooray for 13k!  congrats to pono and music lovers everywhere.
another breakthrough, 13,000, congrats pono!
@tom glasstetter: re album artwork. i asked this very question to the pono team directly earlier today, and if i get a response i'll post it up here.
pono--thanks for the reply.  i have the blurays.  ripping them is no piece of cake, and i'd have to buy a bluray drive.  please consider a break for the committed adopters who have followed neil and accepted his recommendations, so we don't have to buy stuff twice.  thanks again!
@bryn thanks, that was a very cool video.
@peter rustin: peter if you own the archive dvds then you should be able to rip them to high res audio yourself and play them on ponoplayer. thanks for your support.
@thomas cozzolino: no we do not expect any difference in durability of the chrome finish players vs the yellow and black ones.  as far as bob dylan is concerned, you may want to post your suggestion on his fan site and ask him to contact elliott roberts.
what is the black/yellow player housing made of (vs. the chrome player)? do you expect any major differences in durability between black/yellow vs. chrome? and is there a bob dylan pono player in the works? pretty-please?
hi guys--as an early backer lucky enough to get a ny signature player, i'd also like to request respectfully that there be an ability to download pono neil young files at some sort of discount.  i bought the archives in bluray and have several dvd-a's.  especially as to the archives, it would be great if you could make it so we don't have to pay twice for the same hi resolution content. thanks!
apologies if this has been posted before, but here is neil talking very engagingly about listening to music in general - and of course with the odd reference to pono. http://www.npr.org/blogs/allsongs/2014/03/19/291130878/neil-young-wants-you-to-truly-hear-music
i've been feeding the dave matthews fan community with information from pono's kickstarter site.  trying to get those ~250 le's available to get backed and committed! "good music is good music, everything else can go to hell."  -dave matthews
@kyle: me too. the positive feel on here today has lifted my spirits about this project no end.
+1 kyle: "loving the positive vibes in here today, due in large part to great responses from the pono team."
loving the positive vibes in here today, due in large part to great responses from the pono team.  anxiously awaiting october and the wicked jams that will be floating into my ears in high quality. thank you for everyone at pono for making big steps in saving the music.
about to hit 13,000 backers!
very stoked to see the positive vibes flowing around!  i can't wait to get this plugged in and rocking!
@barry. hear hear. or in its full form "hear, all ye good people, hear what this brilliant and eloquent speaker has to say!"
i am thrilled that once you buy an album in the ponomusic store you will get updates when/if there are sound upgrades to the files. this will ensure i always have the best sounding digital files of my favourite music! no more uncertainty and variations of the source for my neil young recordings. *now for a question: i own all of neil's albums and archives volume 1. will you make it possible for fans like myself to upgrade the entire neil collection at a discount? maybe buy all the albums in one purchase at a great discount?* kind regards, andreas callendal
i've been waiting, watching and listening for neil's pono dream for as long as there have been whispers in the wind.  back in the late '60's i had a self made poster on my apartment door with a photo of the late sweet soul richie havens with the caption: "music is sympathetic vibrations."  music and it's magic and mystery have been a source of my sustenance since i was a little boy humming out loud and my high chair.  feel is the universal connector that links us all.  i get it.  i got in with my contribution the moment i found you up on kickstarter and was pleased to get in on an le pono player premium.   i have some fine audio hardware that gives me the some approximations of righteous sound.  and while i'm not a technical audiophile i appreciate having standards of measurement as a guideline.  some of my audiophile obsessive friends have poo pooed pono.  and as i began to read some of the straight forward and legitimate questions on this site and the lack of direct and in kind responses from pono representatives i began to wonder about the wisdom of my $415 "investment."  then last night i meandered over to youtube and found a video of neil performing at one of the bridge school concerts.  i was mesmerized and deeply moved.  and this has nothing to do with sq.  there was a man completely present in his human fullness.  unadorned with the pretense of performance.  not selling anything.  a troubadour in the literal sense singing timeless songs self accompanied by acoustic guitar and harmonica.  clearly comfortable in his own skin.   when peggy stood before him singing harmony on "comes a time," i began to sob.  something so tender and vulnerable evoked my deepest emotion.  i felt an outpouring of love.  pure and simple. so i offer you my unequivocal trust and support.  i trust in neil and i trust in the pono vision and team.   continue to spark creative bring primal authenticity back to recorded music! ps. thank you too for increasing and personalizing your responses to pono backers.  ultimately this is beginning to feel like a deepening relationship.
@the ponomusic team limited series are great, here some anothers possible series i think will be love by many: paul mccartney bob dylan rolling stones led zeppelin the zombies beastie boys lynyrd skynyrd daft punk (for electronic, the best) ... maybe some ones are already on the road ;-)
awesome!
@tomglasstetter yes, t-shirts will be for sale through our online store.
@pono well, i'm a bit disappointed that the technical info will be provided around october. thats far more behind time, as pledging ends in 26 days. :( >and, most importantly, the emotional experience - the feeling they get when they hear wonderful high resolution digital music on the player. of that, we are certain - as we've had hundreds of people react positively, in similar ways, when given the opportunity to hear the prototype ponoplayer. i do not believe people and reviewers after jimmy iovine and his beats headphones offspring. what i can believe are the raw numbers though. guess there is nothing to do for me than to wait. :) i hope you won't take this as an offence, like many somewhat short-sighted people here do. although i am extremely sceptical, i am also interested in obtaining a really worthy device, i guess, more than anyone here. :) and, it seems it will be a very challenging year for pono, as the fiio x5 and ibasso dx90 of the same price segment will be released this year, which are very tough opponents. i guess you should also rely on beta-tests like fiio did with its x5, by sending promotional pieces to independent reviewers and collecting precious feedback.
pono guys - you're doing such a fantastic job at managing the questions and pontifications of a very demanding comment section! thank you so much for your time and patience :-) let's kick some life back into music together! as soon as the ponomusic store opens its warm doors in cold scandinavia, i'm going to spend all of my hard earned dough in it ;-) all the best!
steve perry?  dude, i thought we agreed no more journey psyche-outs
@dana weil woodward: thank you dana. please reach out to steve perry on his fan site and ask him to reach out to us. thanks for your support.
@aldis petersons: thank you aldis. this is fantastic. we completely get where you're coming from.
one csn, just came up
had to get involved. been pondering for ages why we have to listen to crap digital music for years and years when technology certainly allows us not to. two years ago i built a valve (tube) amp to have a better listening experience, and haven't listened to mp3 or aac since. just vinyl and cds. at home at least. been praying for someone to come up with a solution to take that experience with me on the go, so huge thanks mr. young. regarding a subject of feeling music, i couldn't agree more. i'm a sound engineer and when mixing a band or an artist i work with what i feel. very often after gigs i get comments of a great mix and sound. when punters and other sound guys ask me how i do it, i just say that i do whatever feels good or right. when they ask if i cut or boost 500hz on this or 3.15khz on that or what not, very often i have to  admit that i don't know as i mix with my ears not with my eyes so often not sure where i made the cut or boost. sometimes my channel eqs looks really awkward, when i look at them, but it feels right and i work around that. can't wait to get my poster and waiting for some new le artist pono. all the ones i really wanted are gone. might be lucky and grab a drop. anyways, good luck with everything and hopefully the world will listen to good quality music again very very soon, and the music itself will get better. as it used to be. thanks pono team.
thank you sooo much neil and crew!  i understand this completely!  went back to vinyl recently, to fill the emptiness!   you have always been my nÚmero uno.......but any chance you can get steve perry to autograph a player???  he understands fully too!  and may i request that reward at ...... (nearly) ..... any price!!!!!!  can't wait for october!!!!! muah!!!!!
would love to see shirts available for sale after the kickstarter campaign ends
@john hamm. great reply. hopefully we can move on now.
well said.
@john hamm: thank you so very much for that reply. just that - even with no specs, no external reviews, etc. - made me feel vastly better about my investment.
fantastic. thank you for the confirmation. cannot wait for my arcade fire pono!
@scott yes, we ship internationally. we ask that you add $15 for postage. thank you for your support!
@ponomusic ceo - i want your vision. regardless of the music store, which will come in time, as an australian, can i receive your player, posted to oz, via your kickstarter campaign. i've pledged for an le player, and would just like the confirmation that you can deliver this player to me, as soon as you are able, as i pledged in the first 10,000. many thanks.
@ian i'm running a b&k 507 and b&k phono preamp through klipsch cf-3s and cf-2s, i also have a tanberg reel to reel which is always fun to buy used tapes for, because you never know what was recorded on them until you listen.
@ivancharodei john hamm here, ceo of ponomusic. thank you for your note - and i apologize that you had to post this 4 times to get our attention… your post is very dense, and very technical and i decided to respond to it myself. first, our positioning of the ponoplayer is somewhat non-technical, not because we have anything to hide whatsoever. rather, because a large group of our potential customers are, in fact, non-technical.  this is not to say we won't make available the technical specs and test results we have, as they become available to us.  as a engineer and audiophile myself, i understand your point of view here, and have been known to pour over specs for hours in my own world.  our assertion that this is best sounding player in the world is a subjective one and one for which we have much conviction, based on extensive listening tests of our prototypes and all the competitive models you mention here.  i agree with you that transient response of a dac is meaningful, and i'll only say that there are many other meaningful elements in a good sounding portable player, as well.  we realize that there are some other great sounding products out there, and i hope you'll invest in a ponoplayer and make that judgment for yourself on a production product. we have indeed looked into the beck recording and others that may raise some suspicions about what really goes into a "high res" recording.  we intend to have a qa function in our content ingestion process that will give us confidence that our content is from reputable sources, and is, technically, as advertised.  this is a big opportunity for us - to be a trusted source of high quality digital music and understand the origin and provenance of our content.  we look forward to this work. finally, we have not yet conducted extensive measurements of the classic audio parameters as you mention.  we provide feedback to our engineering team during this prototyping stage largely with listening tests and comparisons. as we move to production with a final design for the player, we will add some quantitative testing to our specifications for the product.  please understand that the reason we are on kickstarter is that we have work left to do here - we are using the kickstarter funds to finish the last portion of the ponoplayer design, stabilize the changes, and then go to production, where we are confident we will find additional opportunities for improvement in fit, finish, and function, not to mention performance.  if we can make this player sound even better as we begin volume manufacturing, we'd be thrilled. i want to comment on one of your last sentences where you say "technically good devices are valued very high among the people you consider as your target audience." this is only partially true - yes, our target audience does value technically good devices, but - they are largely not focused on the technical measurements or specifications of the product.  they are focused on the sound as they hear it, convenience, ease of use, and reliability.  and, most importantly, the emotional experience - the feeling they get when they hear wonderful high resolution digital music on the player.  of that, we are certain - as we've had hundreds of people react positively, in similar ways, when given the opportunity to hear the prototype ponoplayer.  contrary to your comment - we have nothing to hide, and much to show - but, more importunely, much to hear, because for us, it is all about the music, and whether that digital file playing through your ponoplayer really sounds like music is supposed to sound.  and, we all know when that is true. i'd be delighted to see you pledge your support to the ponomusic project and reserve your own ponoplayer, and with your background, i'd be especially interested in your objective assessment of the product when we ship our production product this fall.
@elizabeth toncic yeah, probably.  it's a shame though, but money is money...
a suggestion for the roadmap for pono. lots of people love vinyl but can't cart a record deck with them everywhere. getting vinyl ripped to hires is a real faff. i would love something the size and shape of pono that had a line and riaa input (low output moving coil and moving magnet cartridges supported), a good adc inside and usb for output to a computer at 24/96 and/or 24/192. no more features than that. keep it simple, keep it low cost, focus on the quality. i suspect there is a real growing market for it and it would fit into the pono ethos and values precisely. i can see a pair of ponos right now.  please can i form an orderly queue? cheers i
has it been discussed if albums downloaded from ponomusic will have digital artwork and liner notes? (pdf file?)
how come every other kickstarter can do add ons but this one can't? usually you can just add the price of the shirt or poster to your pledge and use that extra money to select your add on in your backer kit? this is the only kickstarter that doesn't seem to want to do that. it isn't because they can't. it is because they don't want to or don't understand how.
@dennis could not agree more. all i can report is that i have been listening to 'good' vinyl and 'good' hi res for maybe 18 months now. i have noticed that, in the last 6 months or so, the turntable does not get used very often. sat by a fire with a glass of wine - then we will listen to an album or two. and they still sound glorious. but hires is as good. it is a bit different, but just as good.  one thing about vinyl. there is often a feeling, especially in this who have not heard a good vinyl system, that it is all about nostalgia - that lovely warm sound and all of that and is for the old folk who don't really know any better - just humour them. it isn't. at all. vinyl has more dynamics, the image placement is so precise as dennis points out, the level of detail can be extraordinary, background noise is more or less non existent. for most people who have not heard it, vinyl can be a jaw dropper. and so can hi res.  i have ethernet in the house and use a nas drive for all storage. low cost denon and marantz systems in the office where i work most of the time, and upstairs. cambridge audio stream magic 6 feeds the big system and an a&k 120 for personal use, although it gets hammered as it sounds the best of the lot, by some margin. i have a large collection of cds, all ripped in lossless flac. here is something odd... through the a&k even they can sound ok, for the first time. if pono can do that....
am a scouser. more credibility lost?  oooppsss....  ;o)
is ian a red? well in!
well said ian. now i will have a go. music when played on vinyl satiated the soul with its richness and depth, one could visualize the sound stage and where each musician's place was in our minds eye. cds on the other hand left one wanting, which was great for sales, until of course, one realized the futility of their quest and turned away from music produced on this platform. i now play mostly vinyl, saved from my childhood unconsciously, it knew they would be important again in the future. carried from residence to residence for decades, until a few years ago when i built a home theater. wasn't long before i tired of cds harshness and lack of emotive satisfaction, purchased a turntable,  which restored my faith and participation in music. in my opinion listening to cds is like being a spectator, removed from actual involvement, while lps lets you participate by swaddling ones soul through experiencing the richness of a performance. if pono can approximate the depth of vinyl without its drawbacks, pops and crackles, then my pledge is money well spent.
spinal tap artist signature series please :)  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
bastian dam, i assume it probably has something to do with compensation. elvis' estate has a cash cow when it comes to elvis memorabilia so maybe they won't give permission w/o it. just a guess!
@pono. i'm not sure if this question was asked or answered yet. are all the signed le players, being loaded with 192/24 of artist chosen 2 albums?
i don't know if this has been mentioned before, but here goes... how come ponomusic doesn't make le memorial versions? like a johnny cash version, or one with elvis presley's signature, or perhaps a freddie mercury one? i don't if it has something to do with signature rights or whatever, but i feel that the idea should be mentioned.
morning ian :) i would have been happy to see arsenal take suiarez but otherwise i can't fault anything you say.
@carlos. yep. fully agree. i teach some of this stuff to masters students who only want to work with their rational mind. is an eye opener for them. i went to one lecture dressed as captain beefheart, just to freak them out and to let them feel their unwitting reaction to it. it did (freak them out), they felt their reactions and then we could talk about it and how it impacts the design of information systems. but the point was made. these are mba and mis students by the way... have i just undermined any tiny fragment of credibility i had left? maybe.
@creator   thanks for your comments. i should make it clear that i have no connection with pono, nor have ever met any of the team, nor am i involved in any enterprise to do with hifi or anything connected with pono.  my only involvement is as a lover of music and what it does to me. why do we listen to music? it isn't to do with technology or anything else - other than how it makes us feel. otherwise why would we bother? it can uplift us, inspire us, calm us down, make us dance. individually or together. well, that is why i listen to music, i can't speak for anyone else. if it doesn't engage with my emotions then i am not sure why i would bother? and measurements can't do that. opening track of let it bleed by the stones is gimme shelter. i always had to move when that came on - in the old days of vinyl. cd never really captured it. then, 31 years after cd arrived, i got the new vinyl version and that feeling came back. and not just for this old hifi nerd either. but for my partner jayne - we ended up dancing in the living room. jayne has absolutely no interest in hifi or technology of any kind, she just loves music. the hires digital version of gimme shelter does that to us two too. if that's not too many toos... and it doesn't matter whether we feed that signal through the big specialist hifi system, our headphones, or our docking stations, or through the car via a line (not usb) in - that feeling stays intact. that is what i am talking about. when you can provide me with measurements that can tell me, unerringly, that a piece of kit will do that for me, then we will have moved forward. a lot of the research into psycho acoustics and how it works is trying to unpick it all. one day...   btw we also played it using a £1300 cd player, current model. we didn't dance. or smile. just wanted to put something else on. the cd player gathers dust now. meanwhile, like neil, i will rely on how the sound of a hifi product makes me feel. because that is why i buy the products that i do, not because of the measurements. or the power output/distortion blah blah blah. and it takes seconds to spot it. if anyone wants to, they can pour over the spec sheets and compare the minutiae to their hearts content. good luck to you. whilst you are doing that, i'll be boogying, laughing, crying, dancing, thinking - or whatever it is that the artist that created the music wanted to communicate to me. there have been quite a few high end hifi products that use as little metal as possible in the case work. conversely the mighty krell and, in the uk, chord, make things that seem hewn from the solid. they are statement pieces for their craft. and so is the pono - but pono's craft seems to me to be about giving us music that moves us, at the best price with the functions that it needs to have to do just that. and nothing more. yes, i too would like to be able to use it as a usb dac, and phono outs would be nice too, and and and. and each time the cost goes up. my old meridian mcd pro had no display, no remote control and was a bit of a sod to programme (to put it mildly). but within seconds of it playing anything, all everyone reported on was how wonderful it sounded. features? my turntable has lift and lower of the arm and a manual belt change. batteries? seems to me that pono's is about the same as others. i have to take my phone to apple to have the battery changed and as for my a&k, i don't know what i will do - have to cross that bridge... so a clear statement about batteries is needed i think - and pono have given us one. lastly, for now at least. it seems to me that with the le versions we are getting two albums - say $50, a 64gbyte micro usb card - say $45 and a leather case - say $20, that's around $110 worth of stuff, built into the price. oh, and a signature and a shiny finish and the limitedness of the edition. isn't that enough? is for me.  the reason i am backing this campaign is that pono is a challenge to the rest of the industry to wake up. and i applaud that. it is disruptive and in your face. i applaud that too. i am sick and tired of crap sound off phones and the like. when the sound is so bad and tiring that i would rather have silence there is something very wrong. i never thought i would see the return of vinyl and the sound that was lost. well, here it is. how good is that? as always, apologies for rambling on. best i ps pono team - i really would like a t shirt you know. is also how viral marketing (are those dirty words round here - shouldn't be) can work. am very happy to pay for it and to extend my pledge. i reckon it can be sorted. you'd make a lot of people happy and turn them into walking bill boards. and this from someone who often debadges his car because he isn't paid to advertise it. but never the bike. not that, am proud of my ride.
the feel and measurement debate is one that goes further than music.  it goes to the core of what we are and are becoming, when and how!  i am talking about right brain left brain.  i am right brain dominant so for me creativity comes when it comes easily and i don't have to think about it...reason it out.  when neil took 3 minutes to test a new pono, he didn't get into the mind of reasoning, he went with feeling, intuition...that part of him that creates.  now once he does that, it is at this point that he employes his reasoning mind.  the evidence shows he is a master at this.  sj was as well, many others and you can be too!  imo, we are at our best when our reasoning minds operates within the confines of our intuitive minds, there is harmony and a nice ebb & flo to it all.  otherwise you run around in the barrel of, that does not compute...that does not compute, sort of like engineers with sj,lol.  "the reasoning mind is a faithful servant & the intuitive mind is a sacred gift"~ ae  keep-on-rockin...in the free mind :)
i would like a good operating system with a good an effective file system (not vfat) - then we all also don't have to pay patent "tax" to microsoft. yesterday my gps running microsoft ce5 was down because of vfat file system error caused by battery drained out. 2 month ago some apps on my nokia n9 didn't work because of the same issues - file system error caused by battery drained out. if pono is running embedded linux it would be easy to support better and more efficient file systems than vfat and formatting it to best suit big files, with lesser slack and fragmentation.
so from the replies so far metal does not effect the quality of the sound materials and specs don't count just how it feels. i actually prefer the feel of metal over the feel of plastic of course metal sometimes has a cooler feel but cool is not important just how it feels. aluminum would be nice as i have seen some pretty interesting and durable anodized coatings recently metal of preference of course would be titanium they could easily double or triple charge for them based on what the typical titanium kickstart project charges for titanium. as it doesn't matter that the sound may actually be improved by a metal one then a real test would be to do a blind hearing test with neil and see if he thinks a shiny metal pono would sound better than a flimsy plastic one and since it is going to be plastic they should have a "plastic ono pono" in honor of john and yoko
i love my sony minidisc for that reason even though it's a dead format now but when my battery dies i can just replace it. i still have the same player going after 10 years. i hope the pono team works out a user friendly way of replacing batteries.
i'm still on the fence on whether to back at player level or not, so for me the three things that would persuade me are: - metal chassis - user-replaceable battery - le for an artist i really like (b.b. king, buddy guy, a real metal band)
oh, and another stretch goal could be upgraded components, such as gold-plated jacks.
it would be great to have some stretch goals for the project to get some more funding and word-of-mouth. some suggestions: - aluminum chassis for better longevity - carrying pouch (could be different than the le pouch) - additional colors - input access to the dac so that people could use external players with pono - dsd support (i don't care about it, but apparently some do) - user-replacable battery (should be by default, but what the hell) also, as suggested by stanley, many of us would like a t-shirt and a player. you can do that with ks by adding "add-ons". how you do that is put the add-ons on the main page, separate from the backing tiers. say that a t-shirt is 30 usd, so the backer would add 30 usd to their backing amount, but would not change her backing tier. this can be then managed by a backer survey after funding period is finished, and i believe there are services which do that for you. it can get messy, though, just beware.
this is why i love kickstarter. majority of people here can have civil discussions without the countless setback of trolls that disrupt the flow of the question and answer format. perhaps its because people actually have to spend money and therefore believe in the project to be a part of the comments section, regardless its amazing to watch a dream be built by the dreamers as well as the supporters. i'll stop rambling now. a feature i would love to see added in the future is a subscription service. not streaming as that has already been proven to be improbable at this point in time, but in a way that you can download and use all the encrypted music files that you could want for a flat monthly fee, and once you stop paying that music becomes unusable until you renew your subscription. just a thought considering the massive amount of money it would cost to rebuild the average persons music library.
specs probably aren't being addressed directly because the people who handle the specs aren't the people who handle the pr, and the people who handle the pr don't have to understand the specs. it's not that pono doesn't know what they're doing with regard to specs, it's that the people involved with interacting with the kickstarter don't understand the specs. that's how companies work—if the people who were in charge of pono's specs spent all their time answering questions on kickstarter, their time and energy wouldn't be going toward making pono as good as it can be.
this feel versus measurement debate is fascinating, probably because what the measurement side doesn't take into account is both a subjective assessment of what you're hearing, and the 'specs' of each individual's ears. thus if ny is using intuition and feel to decide what sounds best, we are all going to be hearing our ponos based on what works best for neil. i imagine ny's got the kind of experience you ought to be able to rely on, and as has been pointed out, specs and measurements have proven to count for very little, but the fact that none of us shares the same pair of ears speaks volumes. i see david liew has picked up on this point too, while i was typing the above. so yes, it would seem that a broad range of 'expert' listener responses via review would be useful for the prospective pledger to gauge where s/he fits into this very subjective spectrum. however, given that we are kickstarting a project and not funding an existing operation, i also understand why reviews are not yet possible. to me that's the nature (& thrill) of pledging via kickstarter - it's the risk factor. i don't doubt any pledger doesn't understand and enjoy that risk a little. the reward, in the event of success, is a sort of satisfaction at being a backer of next-generation music players and scoring a limited edition first generation model of the player that changed the game. the downside, in the event of failure, seems not be as down as the upside is up. you still get a player which will be very good. it just may not take off owing to a variety of reasons and may be usurped by other companies and models somewhere down the track. at the very least, i imagine all 12830 current backers are pledging for better quality digital audio, at the end of the day, regardless of what happens with pono.
it seems pono only picks the questions they want to answer which has mostly nothing to do with the specs. while i agree the importance of feeling the music, not everyone shares the same feelings due to different perspective of each individuals. especially when there is no consumer reviews, most of us can only rely on getting information on the technical specs and features/functions. please change your mindset on choosing which questions to answer..
@robert delucia sr.: the poster comes with the t-shirt, not the other way around. the ponoplayers do not come with a t-shirt nor a poster. the do not include "all of the above".
when you say the le's are laser engraved with the artists signature does that mean it will have the bands/artists name on it? or if its a signature from a band apposed to a single artist will it have multiple signatures? you have my continuing support pono!
@stanley westerback unfortunately, it's not that simple as we have more than a dozen ponoplayers rewards, including the limited edition ones.  trying to create dozens more rewards that also include a t-shirt is just not practical.  what others have done is to create a second kickstarter account, linked to the same amazon account.  this allows you to make a second pledge for a second reward.  thanks for your support.
@ian kendrick thank you so much for your support and patience, and for helping out the pono team in this forum.  i'd like to relay a couple of anecdotes to you that you may find interesting. from the beginning, neil has personally overseen the progression of the ponoplayer.  he cares passionately about this product and wants to be certain that it lives up to its promise.  recently neil wanted to listen to a new prototype of the player which had new audio enhancements and to compare it to the previous version.  he listened to the newer version for about a minute and then asked us to play the older one and we did.  he listened to it for about 3 seconds and turned it off and started walking out of the room.  i thought something had gone wrong and asked him what happened?  he simply said "the new one is better."  i was astonished.  i asked him how he could tell in 3 seconds?  how could he have possibly listened long enough?  his response caught me by surprise.  he said "i don't listen, i feel!".  like you said, all the technical specification in the world can't prove whether one player sounds better or worse than another.  ultimately, it comes down to the listen (better yet) feel test. on the feel side, i recently brought home a ponoplayer as i was considering whether i should join the pono team or not.  i was playing around with pono and hooked it up to my home sound system which admittedly is a relatively low end system purchased for under $1k.  i played a few different songs from different genres.  it just so happened that my mother-in-law was at my house visiting the grandkids.  she had no idea about pono and what i was doing with the sound system.  i didn't even realize she was paying any attention to what i was doing as she was busy with the kids.  all of a sudden she lifted her head and asked me what i was listening to.  i said why do you ask?  she said "that music sounds great.  it just makes me feel really good and kinda lifted my spirits.  what is it?".  then i told her about pono and she told me i should definitely join pono because she couldn't remember the last time she heard music that made her feel that way. it ultimately comes down to feeling the music.  if we get down in the weeds of technical specs then we've really missed the whole point of pono.
@pono please answer.. regarding dsd support in future firmware.  but the big question is will it be a native support or a pcm conversion to downsampling?  and is the dac used the sabre es9018 or the mobile variant es9018k2m? and is 8 hours play time using only 24 bit flacs?
it seems like if you pledge for a player, you do not get a shirt, etc. have you though of having add-ons, where i could raise my pledge to get the player, and select the items after the end?  i have see others do that.
does the shirt come with signed neil young poster (assuming so with "plus all the above"?   does the shirt come with any of the le players?
could you please clarify that while the store is available in us, uk, can only from october, you will still be posting the music player itself to places like australia from then, assuming we were in the first 10000? many thanks, can't wait to try out the pono for myself, it's a fantastic concept.
@symbios: for october it's us, uk, canada.
@wan wai man andrew: the player includes a great dac inside as well as some fantastic audio technology from ayre accoustics (see faq). it does not support a usb connection to an external dac.  the audio that comes our of the player is already converted to crystal clear analog sound. that is the whole point of the player.
@robert mais: we're working on a very good casing for the le which looks good, feels great, and is scratch resistant.
@harrio: please have him reach out to elliot roberts.  we're happy to receive support from all artists. thanks for your support.
@pono, due you think mini-jack output is best connection to hi-end home preamp? maybe pono could have headphone output, mini-jack output, and a l-r rca output. thanks.
@pono, thank you for the response! and thanks for the work your putting into the project
@eduard nuijen: both the store and the player will be released in october. thanks for your support.
@pono thanks for reading my post, and responding it.
@francisco ruiz-tagle: we will keep your suggestion in mind and thank you for your support.
@ron thomas: thanks for the suggestion. we'll keep in mind. thanks for your support.
@tjc my $12000.00 krell cipher cd/sacd players whole casing is solid aluminum. the sound is incredible. maybe the pono could be aluminum, with a chrome finish. this would be much more durable than chrome coated plastic. also, more hi-end looking and feel.
@pono! while you're here: please consider the fact that not all of your supporters are from europe or the us regarding the battery issue! as someone already said, it would be awesome to make the player somewhat "user accessible" to open replace the battery with the correct tools ourselves. it would probable cost less for a lot of us that live nowhere near the us or europe to get a new ponoplayer once the battery dies (which is disapointing for the ones that got les).  i know you guys are a business, but since it is all about the music, it'd be swell to be able to use my pono for a loooong time (like things used to be in the day), and not have to leave it aside only because of the battery. thanks and rock on pono!
@pierrick we are working on more indie artists! stay posted.
a neil and crazy horse player should be a no-brainer.... (i pledged for the csny one, but would swap it for ny & ch in a heartbeat. listened to psychedelic pill today - "driftin' back," "ramada inn," "walk like a giant," etc. great set.) but on another subject - can we get a glimpse of the artist/albums that will be available in the pono store?
@armin thats the locations of the store not the player your player should be sent in oct you just might need to vpn to connect to the store they are setting up to sell the high def music
@pono now i am confused...i ordered a limited pono player from germany expecting it would be delivered by october 2014...but now you say its just for the u.s., uk, and canda? when can we expect a delivery in europe?
would it be possible to offer more indy artists signature? like a john vanderslice le pono player?
sorry tyler, only have a csn.
anyone willing to trade their pearl jam version for my crosby, stills, nash and young version?
hope they have many high res classical pieces to offer down the road.
@pono "a metallic finish is not conducive to producing distortion free sound." this really is puzzling. almost every high end audio equipment i have seen has been shield in metal and then maybe also inside of a wooden case. can someone please indicate what scientific reason exists for this. now i could better understand why if this was an iphone as referenced in one post and someone put the antenna under the metal casing that it would have an effect. but even though several people asked it was my understanding that this had no wifi or bluetooth capability so. it would make sense that metal shielding would keep stray electrical interference from mucking up the perfect sound this unit is claiming to deliver. i am not going to email this question to pono as i figure we have numerous backers on this project that likely know how this really works. and i don't want to take away precious time from their hectic schedule by answering these type questions i was actually expecting all of the units to be made of metal hope this works out for the best.
wow, no comments for three hours, is this working?
can we get a front view of the chrome pono player please?
@sean why no buffalo springfield is what i'm thinking!
will there be a ny & ch edition? there were csn & csny editions. why no ny&ch?
@ nicholas carr thanks i appreciate that. yes it would be very helpful to have something like that so that it doesn't become ruined with scratches very quickly.
@mark ponomusic will send out a survey after the funding period is over, asking for shipping address, t-shirt sizes etc.
i'm meant pono
why can't pono make the signature le also in black. therefore give consumer option of a chrome or black one. or if most people prefer porno in black-( then only make all le in black ).
@christopher currie i have kept my ipod in great condition over the years with invisible shield protective film, they are very durable, look good as they are clear and come with a lifetime guarantee. i'm going to email zagg inc and suggest they include the pono in their list of devices, if enough others do the same they may make custom shields.
@pono how will you determine the shipping address for the pono player?  i don't see an option for that in the settings panel of kickstarter or on your page.
@morten well done mate! i had a go at the reverb and that was really tough! happy with my silver ears for now haha
@james; gold! :) http://instagram.com/p/lu_xnzap4m/ reverb and small frequency boost/cut was the hardest
@pono how scratch resistant is the chrome player? i am worried if it's like the ipod which looked awful in no time with everything showing up. with the leather case is it still possible to operate the pono? if it's still possible to operate the pono while it's in the case i am much less concerned.
pono will be awesome, can't wait ! congrats to the whole team! by the way, i'm currently a backer on the series: crosby, stills & nash if somebody want to make a change with the serie: neil young, it will be great ! contact me through my twitter (profil) :)
@morten i passed silver ears last week. it took me bloody ages to get past the bitrate section though... haha
how good are your ears? :) https://www.goldenears.philips.com/en/challenge.html#
@jim fyi: creator the ponomusic team about 11 hours ago @richheart: rich the finish is not metallic. it's simply a chrome finish. we'll get you a more precise description. you're correct. a metallic finish is not conducive to producing distortion free sound. creator the ponomusic team about 11 hours ago @richheart: yes rich. thanks for your suggestion. richheart about 11 hours ago @robert mais  @pono  there are a bunch of us who would like to know the material that these are made from and if the l.e, and the regular are the same. if they are not the same, have you researched the effects of the different materials on the sound? (remember the iphone 4 antenna fiasco?) richheart about 11 hours ago all you need to pledge twice is a second kickstarter account. it can be linked to the same amazon account, you will need to register with ks with a different email.
pono team, you are simply amaizing - one week passed, but you continue to ignore my embarassing questions! guess there is really nothing you can say to prove the quality of your product, what a shame. well, one more beats-by-dre-marketologists-offspring on the earth, not surprised since the portable audio skipped the evolution coil which happened to acoustical systems in the 80's - a boom of top-grade devices powered by deep scientific researches. :) well, it happens, y'know. :)
@pono thanks for the update regarding dsd support in future firmware. but the big question is will it be a native support or a pcm conversion to downsampling? and is the dac used the sabre es9018 or the mobile variant es9018k2m?
we really hope this helps, and also this means you do not have to use two cards to pledge more than once... it is only possible to pledge once on a single kickstarter account. if you pledge again on the same account, it will override your previous pledge and reward selection. we recommend creating a a second kickstarter account, which can be linked to the same amazon account (and therefore the same credit card). thanks for the support.
@bryn i believe that people always do things for the right reason, it can take a little while to work out what someone else's 'right reason' is :) patience helps, sometimes i forget that :)
@richheart: i think most of us will have found your contributions worthwhile. i can't understand why people make even minor criticisms of other people (i've had it too and i've backed off, but wanted to comment on this) since we are all here to try and help this project succeed - i hope.
@jim or about 1 comment a day on average. yes i have been active on here. i would like to think that i've contributed. i care that this succeeds. yes i was disgusted that the order of one's pledging should have nothing to do with the serial number you got on a l.e. as well as concern that those at the dinners would perhaps not get a proper l.e. unit.  well, pono took mine (and others) point on board and came up good. i am flattered you did so much research on me. did you find out i was registered blind? do you know that i love music and have followed music and audio trends for over 40 years. i have not deliberately been rude to anyone and even to pono i have been to the point. the phono socket issue can be summed up thus: heavy, high quality cable into 3.5mm sockets, weakens the contacts really quickly.
@rich heart.     thanks
ian,  could your recent comments be summed up by the old truism that   'it ain't the meat, it's the motion....'?    rich, i've heard you get on about half a dozen topics so far (specs, audio out, batteries, etc. etc.) subtly threaten and cajole until answers appear and then simply move onto the next issue.  i couldn't figure out why you didn't just leave the pono community if you were so dis satisfied and then i checked your comment record on ks.  259 comments at last check on a number of ks sites since august 2013!  this really is your life, isn't it?  i guess i'll just have to engage my high resolution double banded audiophile certified filters from here on.  kwaheri.
just in case you really want to know how neil feels about what he creates and what we are getting.  ty neil & friends :)  https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@richheart - its an odd one! i have changed twice now and both times it would suggest i had 500 of 500 but i kinda think as you say not possible as what happens when the next person drops out they would get 500 of 500 so it would seem logical you get the person who drops number! truth be told unless its number 1 who really cares?
@douglas, logic would suggest you get #500, as you were last to register, but then what happens if someone else drops out? do you move up one? hmmm. who would know? who wrote the algorithm? pono are going to be updated by the ks registered time of pledge. so i think, anyone dropping out, shifts up by one, all those who registered after them.
@ron, pono have said it is plastic with a chrome finish
@pono,  i know you listen because you backtracked on the pledge order being linked to the l.e. numbering. so now, can you please answer my q, below, re: phono sockets for line out?
@pono - if you you changed you pledge on a signature s to another when it says 1 of 500 left what number do you get? 500? or the one the person who had and left? and how would i find out? keep up the answers, keeps us all happy!! :)
@pono are the cases of chrome le metal or plastic?
sounds great!
@peter that shouldn't be a problem.
@pono - is it possible to change your address between april the 15th and shipping in october? speaking as a guy that's moving this summer :-)
@asen yes. we will send out surveys at the end of the campaign to get your billing addresses!
hi pono team. there will be an option to ship to and address different than the billing one, right? for example - billing in bulgaria and shipment to us or canada?
hi, we continue to get messages about orders and dsd. here are questions and answers from our update yesterday... will you support dsd tracks? not in the initial release of the ponoplayer. we may consider adding it via a firmware update depending on the demand from our user community. i ordered a limited edition ponoplayer, and then pledged again for a t-shirt. the order must have deleted my original order. what happened?   sorry for the trouble. kickstarter only allows one reward per pledge and one pledge per account. it sounds as though when you updated your pledge, you inadvertently switched your reward from the player to the t-shirt. you can always verify the amount of your pledge and selected reward in your backer history:https://www.kickstarter.com/profile/backings. that said, you are free to modify your pledge as long as a project is still live. to make changes to your pledge, just visit the project page and click the blue "manage your pledge" button. from there you can adjust the amount of your pledge, as well as the reward you'd like to receive. in addition, it's only possible to pledge once to a given project on kickstarter. that means no matter how many attempts are made, or how many authorizations are generated as a result of changing your pledge, you will only ever be charged once for your final pledge and receive your final reward. we cannot stress enough that through the kickstarter platform if you pledge again on the same account, it's effectively overriding your previous pledge and reward selection. thanks!
er, by "players" i mean "orders for pono players".  i didn't mean all your backers are a bunch of players.  :)
just thought i'd chime in quickly to say that i think it's a smart idea that you go with an explicitly staged-rollout as the number of players increases.  i've seen several really successful ks projects cause a lot of frustration because all backers are eager to get their reward on the first day of shipping.
@christopher currie i had the same reservations with regard to scratching, and while i'm not sure how scratch-resistant the chrome is, remember that all the chrome ponoplayers come with a handmade leather case that is sure to protect against scratches!
@pono - will the artist's top two albums on the signature editions be the higher than the standard cd 16-bit 44k quality to truly utilize the player?
i'm having second thoughts about the chrome player. will it scratch very easily? also if we have a us account can we purchase albums when we travel internationally?
@michael.  ks projects are often months late on delivery, so we all might end up getting them in 2015, especially considering the scale of oversubscription.  you could always go for one of the artist sig series, you get two albums ($50 on pono web-site?) and a leather case, october delivery date and shiny numbered and signed.  you decide :)
just thought i would let everyone know that if you're looking for a more organized place to discuss pono away from this comment section, there is a ponomusic subreddit that would love to host your discussions right here: http://www.reddit.com/r/ponomusic/
@ian you are so right, thank you, let us enjoy this development!
sad i missed out on the october players but i'm done for a december one. excited to try this out and hopeful for how it might change how people enjoy music. please add dsd support as there are a lot of great options already out in the dsd format. some argue that it is the best format for listening to music on and the closest to the analog tape masters. december can't get here fast enough.
@ivan get help
on sound over measurement. the jury would appear to still be out on the benefits of 24/192. what is clear is that ny has for years, been concerned with the degradation caused by dynamic compression. he advocates going back to the original masters and remastering without (as near as is possible) compression.  the pono will, i hope, be what i understood the 14bit meridian to be, what vinyl is, the best compromise platform which will really enable us to enjoy the music.  who better to push for that goal, than a leading musician who understands the technological restraints and knows when he hears music that it sounds as close to the original as is possible without sounding lifelessly clinical? he is backed/partnered by ayre (who are renowned dac manufactures) it's been said here already: give pono a chance
@ivan and everyone else really.  i have been hearing the debate of measurement vs listening for maybe 45 years now. nothing new there. am bored to tears by it. completely. i have had enough of it - neither side can win and i wish those who support measurements would stop being so certain about everything. how many times do they have to be proven wrong? i have bought very expensive audio things that measure brilliantly and sound crap (early cd for instance - was sold on perfect sound forever by the measurement crowd) and the other way around - valve amplifiers, vinyl. and some early cd players - like the meridian mcd pro - its specs were lousy compared with the japanese devices, but it sounded brilliant. it only had 14 bits - how could it possibly sound better than 16 we all asked? but it did. and is now a sought after item. wish i still had mine.  i wrote to the ks team, along with many others, about the need for them to engage with the feedback and they are doing so now. there is still 27 days to go, clarity is getting better and better. let the guys do their job. ivan, from your actions, you have a chip on your shoulder that really is not helping. i can see that you have a point that you really need to prove for some reason. pono is a low cost dap compared with what is out there right now. please don't lose sight of that. i have no intention of getting into a debate with you. i could - i have read a lot of stuff about digital technology, have a lot of experience of hifi and can engage with it all. but i am not going to because it seems clear that unless everyone agrees with you are not going to budge. and as i said earlier, the debate over measurements vs listening has been going on for years. this campaign is about music, i am far more interested in that. and take into account that if you throw mud, some of it hits you too. and when you point a finger, three more point back at you. when you support the project rather than trolling about and in your own words 'making trouble' (or very similar) i might change my view. put up or shut up. my apologies to everyone and the pono team for the tone of some of this, i am just frustrated by negativity when it does not need to be there.
,>maybe they do not have the information yet you should re-read the end of my post. :)
@ivan you've  said it now, i think- i've not checked through 1,200 comments - four times. i myself was disturbed by the lack of communication, but the last half day or so has seen some concerted pono input on here. i have been a nag on here too, perhaps to the discomfort of some. we get you and we will decide.  now, please, let's let it rest.
,maybe they do not have the information yet and it says nowhere you should, it is a pledge, nothing more, again, if you do not trust them, do not pledge! but buy something you like better.
the problem here is that people are expecting a design that leaves no room for improvement. i know the people at pono probably don't favor comparisons to the ipod (that's not the point of this whole project), but look at the 1st generation ipod... and look at an ipod now.  the difference is that the ipod evolved with technology, where now there is so much technology available now that trying to get everything done on this first model is a tall order for even the best minds in the industry. if this initial release goes well, and enough people buy-in to the idea that music deserves the legacy that ponomusic provides, there will be re-designed models on the docket, where they will take into consideration all of the gripes and pissy rants of the initial release... just like every other product on the media market does. expecting perfection often leaves you disappointed.  let it grow.
>give the pono people a chance  *why should i if they do not provide us with information? :)
>give the pono people a chance why should i if they do not us me information? :)
@ivan , so what is it, are you pledging or not? give the pono people a chance and please stop "warning" us with information you have posted before.. again, i trust this project will work out for the best and neil young will not let us down, so be patient
@ivan - it's your life.
@peter yep, and i have the right not to pledge and also to warn others who want to invest. :)
i understand you won't be able to plug the usb into your car and see the display, but can you get audio from the usb in the car?
tired of reading some of these comments, i poked around and browsed recent reviews of a sony high-resolution player. 549 pounds equals about 700 u.s. dollars; i don't have golden ears or even the desire to warrant such an outlay. such accolades as, "incredibly precise audio with refined yet powerful bass in all the right places," and, "a huge amount of detail in each track, with a well-balanced sound" didn't tweak my knobs as much as reading about laboratory test results on 10khz and 100hz square waves would have... i've also read interviews with charles hansen of ayre acoustics and the man sounds a great deal like engineers i have worked with. you know, human, but with a technical bent. specs of an ess sabre es 9018 reference stereo dac seem impressive, but as i learned from those guys i used to work with, it's the implementation that's the thing. pieces, parts and test results won't stand up to scrutiny until a finished product is released. we all have been privy to the planned time line of product development. pono is the whole ball of wax here, real desire put into action, an online store, a player and highest quality files. until it's all done, it's all in flux, while slowly coalescing. anticipation is my euphoria until the real deal is in my hands.
@gary that's the spirit!
@ivan - just as you have the right to ask a question, they have the right to not answer it. in all likelihood the pono player still needs a ton of work to be ready for consumer hands, which is why they cannot provide a set-in-stone answer for your questions at the moment. also, as martin said, it's not uncommon to make up hyperboles about your product ala "the best a man can get" or "the world's best sounding [...] player". if you don't trust the jib-jab, just don't donate to the kickstarter. like 12,495 others, i have chosen to take the leap of faith and back a project that i hope will be a success. that's not to say that i don't think you have a point, but in the end we will just have to give this a bunch of time. october is a long ways away.
@ivan - "the best sounding dap in the world" is called a "mere puff" in marketing parlance. just like brewers can say "the most refreshing beer in the world".
as the project managers are active but notoriously ignoring the very questions i open, responding only to the incredibly important cases like "can i chose an option with poster and t-shirt???", i'm gonna write down my thoughts in public once again, as these are the questions that trouble not only me, but, i suppose, ost of the audience. you are luminating condifence that your product will be superior on the dap market, still, you provide no evidence and do not even have a feedback form on your monosite for backers' questions. the only thing we are witnesses to is the celebrity video with, unsurprisingly, no technical info. this marketing strategy of praising the ignorance is pretty ridiculous. so, let us commence.  first, you write "the ponoplayer will certainly be recognizable on your desk as the unique product it is – the world’s best sounding portable digital music player." will it be really the best sounding dap in the world? that's highly surprising, as few even heavily modded commercial players can surpass widely acknowledged among lovers of high fidelity like the hifi ma9 or hifiman 801 player. price is not the point, as i will show a bit later.  the second question: both players i mentioned are built on a multibit dac, meaning they surpass any delta-sigma dac in naturality, attacks, macrodynamics and, most importantly, transient response. as a matter of fact, the last one is crucial - human ear will recognise instrumental timbres differently, if the musical player performs the attacks poorly. for example, a well known hifiman 601, built around old (and cheap, geez!) multibit tda1543, mantains superb perfomance thanks to its excellent transient characteristics. even though it has exceedingly high for a hifi player harmonic distortion - 0.05% (and it makes the sound a bit "dirty")- it sounds more natural, than daps built on delta-sigma dac. another example, the myst 1866 portative dac ocub (also built on multibit dac) has unparalleled transient characteristics (http://ozvuke.pro/index.php…), which, coupled with his very good overall perfomance (e.g. thd = 0.003%), makes its sound extremely natural and clear, and this is the reason why it is easily outperforming the two top-of-the-line dap i mentioned above. even more - makes it the best sounding portable device in the world. what makes you so confident that your pono will outmatch at least these two top daps, not to mention the myst ocub?  third question is a popular one: what is the need of the praised by marketologists 24/192? even if the human ear cannot distinguish between hi-res and 16/44.1, who will protect the customers from buying low-quality hi-res like described here http://archimago.blogspot.com.au/2014/03/follow-up-anomalies-in-becks-morning.html ? i mean, where is the guarantee that the record itself would be perfect?  and the last question - i would like you to announce to the people the technical measurements of your device, like those of myst ocub i linked above. that is, the harmonic distortion test, the frequency response test, intermodulation distortion test and transient response test on 10khz and 100hz square waves.  the last question is a crucial one, really - good technical parameters will say about your pono more that a thousand ads. and perhaps even more that a million ads, because technically good devices are valued very high among the people you consider as your target audience. this information should be of no secret, unlike the very components you chose (which is a know-how, of course), and i guess this info is what we all deserve. but, to be honest, nothing was invented in the audio sphere in the last 30 years, so the chosen components should also be theoretically of no secret to the world. i also do not believe that you have no technical measurements of your device, that would be nonsense - developing a high end gadget without technical data. this all looks like you have something to hide, or nothing to show, which is much worse. :) some thoughts from odac creator: design by ear: detailed and credible published measurements are missing with most “boutique” dacs being sold including those from schiit audio, audio-gd, amb, twisted pear, burson, and nuforce. where’s the credible evidence they got it right? a lot of these companies try to claim specs don’t matter, and they instead design by ear, but that method is seriously flawed (see: what we hear). it would be like designing a car engine without a dynamometer and having no idea how much horsepower and torque it produced, how fuel efficient it was, etc. given all the proven problems with sighted listening, and how our ears and brains work, those who claim to design by ear are very likely getting it wrong. put another way, they’re often designing products with far lower fidelity than they’re otherwise capable of. http://nwavguy.blogspot.ru/2012/04/odac-released.html also i strongly recommend you to read this: http://nwavguy.blogspot.ru/2012/04/what-we-hear.html i know, this is a tremendous tsunami of information, but who said it would be easy in the information age? :) knowledge is power, ingorance is painful. with best regards and great respect,  ivan
@douglas - do you reckon the aussies should buy a few extra pono's, flog them on e-bay to the brits and then send them around christmas time dressed up as a personal gifts with a nice christmas card, all tax free?
@gary shhhsssssss! the plan was working till then!!!! : )
@douglas heart wins over head, i am in for duration. maybe negative vibes will get my wife a neil pono too if a brit pulls out????
a csn there for the taking again!
*question*  other than memory of quantities pledged and quantities left when we pledged on signature series players, will you please see if there is a way that we can confirm our individual pono player number via our individual email updates/confirmation, kickstarter backer info...or thru amazon's process?  clearly the data exist!  this can be of value to clear up any unforeseen ambiguity.  not to mention value and fun market buzz on numbered pieces, folks are waiting on :)  ty  keep-on-rockin.....
@gary yeah noticed they said it wasn't metal or brushed alu as i'd hoped. oh well :(
@gary: if independence happens you may be surprised what a new scottish government (salmond will be gone within 2/3 years hopefully) does to secure ties with the us especially oil and ore. 51st state anyone! ha ha!
@douglas the pono team have said we are liable for import taxes, so i think its written in stone. also that the finish isn't metal, though it looks that way in photo. would have thought they could have barriered against poss distortion and made them metal on outside?
@douglas not at all confusing, you know who you are :-)
we grew up with pricey vinyl setups and open reel decks – and you might not what's missing unless you were exposed to such sounds earlier, and probably in your formative years. it makes an imprint that forever and leaves most digital formats and equipment sounding and feeling like icicles to ones ears. whether it be pono or another company, it's wonderful to see a recording artist driven and backed movement to restore audio and pick up where it was left off at the advent of consumer digital 30 years ago. a promising step forward for the future. let pono be a leader of a new trend. oh, and please post a full breakdown of that incredible mobile system in young's demonstration. surely it's a cost-no-object investment, but nevertheless, inquiring and desiring minds want to know!
@gary: i want to believe they will deliver from bonded european location but i don't think that will happen with ours if its the signature pono. but i do want to believe :)
@douglas maybe alex salmond will sort it out after independence? some of the items i get shipped over are eye watering in taxes.
@gary i buy enough for it to be a pain in the ass! i get the relatives to bring things across and i bring things back with me when i'm over. even if you get the correct duty code eliminating duty on certain of the products i'm interested in customs & excise can still levy the charge and leave it to you to sort out after forking out. aussies have it good in that respect i suppose :)
with the charges incurred my head says its nuts, my heart says stay with it. if i didn't have the pono i wanted would have pulled the plug by now probably.
it's confusing that there are two douglas's posting!!
@jdc yeah still here and will be.  the price would be there or there about's anyway in the uk! lets face it us customers used to pay 99c on itunes and uk paid 99p, they always do that but maybe not so much now, but would not surprise me if a pono retailed in bestbuy or fry's at $300 us and we paid £300 in the uk @ dixons/pcworld.
@jdc sadly douglas is spot on with the charges. i take it you buy a lot from us douglas. sadly so do i. what you gain on exchange rate you loose in tax....funny that...
@ douglas - are you going ahead with your pledge? those extras you posted look scary for uk pledgers.
the stats say for every 3 that go 1 comes back! your economy is in a boom of sorts so make hay while the sun shines and good luck to you all. my preference if given the choice would be  nz but that's more to do with family & climate. all the best.
thanks @douglas stewart. all of a sudden the pono doesn't seem like such a great deal. especially when it's essentially a leap of faith. who knows, maybe they'll change their policies for overseas buyers. thanks again
yep. no/ lower taxes. that why your compatriots are coming here in droves. it's a shame for the uk. the brits deserve better.
@jdc great news for australians then :)
australia doesn't have import duties/tax for items under $1000
@martin changer: you don't have welfare issues in oz? or for that matter import duties and tax? seem to remember that if china coughs you loose a lung! so lets leave it at that.
every other year mate.
first of all, i’m glad to see communications with the pono team are going to become more regular - that’s a big step forward and should quieten most of the critics posting in here about this very matter. my suggestion would be that maybe a “backers forum” for discussion be created on the main pono site so backers can air our concerns without affecting new sign-ups. anyway, that’s not why i’m posting. the latest instalment (#7) shows that uk/eu backers are being treated with some contempt.  the one-word answer about whether vat and import duties will be due says it all.  as i have stated here before, i am happy to pay that “early adopter” tax - but what i’m not happy that certain couriers charge their own “processing taxes” so would be good to have that addressed and our concerns minimised . however, what is more galling though is that the one word answer doesn’t answer questions such as why the player cannot be delivered within the eu given that pch seem to be based in ireland and san francisco - although that may be due to tax reasons (much in the same way as why apple and google have offices there too) - which given the current discussions about breaking tax laws is hypocritical to say the least. however, i am happy to be proven wrong on this point. all i’m saying an explanation why this can’t be done would be good and we can all move on. that brings me to my final point - after october 2014 when presumably ponos can be purchased from retailers within the uk/eu - will they be available at the same prices being quoted here or will the price reflect uk/eu taxes?
@martin changer, how often do you visit or maybe you stay in the uk?
that's what you get for living in a country that supports welfare leeches.
likely uk cost of a signature pono in £ after delivery fee $15.00 (estimated $5.00 of that for insurance purposes), import duties, vat & courier handling fee. $400+$15. import duty on these items is 4.5%. vat is 20% usual courier fee for collecting duty/vat on behalf of our majesties revenue & customs is anywhere from £8.00 to £15.00 fee. £322.00 cost to you give or take £10.00. hope that helps.
hi pono team! thank you so much for your great answers! could you also please confirm that you will send out the limited edition players even if they are not sold out? it's a dumb question, but it will help me sleep better ;-)
@james boudra: uk vat is 20% now ain't that a bitch : (
dear pono team, i was thrilled to be a backer and am only now being made aware by  your update #7, that i may not ever be able to access/download music from pono site. i am not a resident of the us and that worries me.i do not wish to but am now forced to ask whether i can back out?  gv
maybe it's been asked before but does pono ship te players to europe?  ....btw. great initiative, finally a no-brainer-player for enjoying music the way it should be!
@pono - btw, flac development is currently headed by a guy in sydney australia.
@pono - if you're launching in the english speaking world, you can't forget australia and new zealand. for one, australia has had a free trade agreement with the united states for over 10 years now and you'll find laws in respect to copyright have been harmonised.
21.  the grateful dead.  (mickey hart, bob weir, bill kreutzmann, phil lesh). 22.  other grateful dead alumni, i.e. tom constanten,  donna jean godchaux, robert hunter, john barlow, bruce hornsby, etc.) 23.  jerry garcia.  this would lead into a "legends up in the sky type of series", i.e., jimi hendrix, john lennon, bob marley, elvis, jim morrison, gram parsons, johnny cash, miles davis, etc... 24.  david grisman 25.  yo-yo ma 26.  john mclaughlin 27.  taj mahal 28.  greg allman 29.  wynton marsalis 30.  branford marsalis 31.  elvis costello 32.  los lobos 33.  john mayall 34.  jane's addiction 35.  air 36.  itzhak perlman 37.  steely dan 38.  prince 39.  warren haynes 40.  david byrne thanks pono team!  you folks are awesome!  october is too far away!
@pono, regarding the asking of questions on this forum: is a backer allowed to ask more than one question, or is it just one question per person? if the latter, then you may disregard this question by not answering. if in the next 60 minutes, you haven't answered, i will know the answer is positive and will therefore proceed with any further questions i may have at a later time, or, as and when they come to me. if the answer is negative, i expect to hear from you soon, and will accept that my one question has been used up already. however, at least other punters will know to use their question wisely. also, those who've already asked their one question will know not to waste time asking more questions. (i am waiting for a certain le player to become available so i can up my current $1 pledge to the full $400.) thank you, holly
does anyone know if uk vat is still 17.5%? will uk buyers need to pay any more than that? i'm trying to calculate the sums
@pono sorry for repeating myself, is there a chance that phono sockets be used for audio line-out?  thanks again for becoming involved, here.
@timmy: the blue player was a prototype and will not be included for the october delivery. we will consider it in the future based on market interest.
@oyveyzmeir: thanks for your words of support. this is very much a real project otherwise so many artists wouldn't go on the record talking about how amazing pono sounds. one correction. we have music rights in us, uk, and canada to launch the ponomusic store.
@ponomusic eu repair center would be great news, indeed! alternatively, it should be possible to make the battery compartment so that it is relatively easy to open. as long as all you need is minimal tools, and there's no soldering involved, most people can replace the battery themselves even if there's no "proper" battery door. you could still sell the batteries separately to regain some additional revenue ;) you are a business, after all, a fact that seems to escape some backers.
@treatise: we will work on a plan to make it as convenient for our users as possible. if we continue to have the level of support we're getting from you, by the time your ponoplayers require a battery replacement we hope to have european repair center.
i have re-pledged. lost my csny but will be happy with jackson browne. i'm 109 :)
@pono any chance that you know the stance vis-a-vis phono sockets for line out?
big support for dsd
pono!!! wow11 goodonya guys. this is exactly the kind of interaction that this comments section needed. and congrats on the answers themselves. i note you listened on the issue number coinciding with pledge number, thanks community and thanks pono.
@dane johnson: anything is possible. no promises though.
@wc: good list. we'll consider it as we're looking for artists.
@phillip jacobi: it will be based on the order in which pledges were made. if you can recall the number of players pledged after your pledge then you'll have an idea of your serial number.  the first pledge gets number 1 and so on.
@wc: thanks for your suggestions. we'll keep them in mind as we're looking for more artists.
will it be possible to charge the player while using it?
@alex cameron: thanks for the suggestion. we'll consider it.
are the artists' top two favorite albums their own or from the pono library? thanks again neil & pono!
add me as a supporter for dsd capability. surprised it won't be included from day one if you have a deal with sony.
@carmen cocchiaro: thanks for your feedback. we'll prioritize dsd based on community demand.
@christian coles: thanks for your consideration and well wishes. we hope to have you back soon.
@stephan chan: stephan. you can obtain high resolution music from other sources and enjoy listening to them on the ponoplayer. the player is not limited to only playing music purchased on the ponomusic website.
@tjc: you're not making a purchase. you're making a donation.
@blayne: for a second reward, you need to use a second kickstarter account and a separate pledge. you can link the second account to the same amazon account as the first account. you're allowed one pledge/reward per kickstarter account.
@richheart: rich the finish is not metallic. it's simply a chrome finish. we'll get you a more precise description. you're correct. a metallic finish is not conducive to producing distortion free sound.
@richheart: yes rich. thanks for your suggestion.
@pono  thank you for your response.
@robert mais: if you're referring to the chrome finish, it's simply a finish and the case is not made of metal.  it is a great looking highly durable material that is scratch resistant.
@creator for october release it's us, uk, and canada. but we plan to expand internationally afterwards# i know you are based in the us, but when i (and i assume every non american backer) signed on, i did so on the premise i only had to wait till october like the rest of the fans, regardless of their location. when you say for oct. release, what are you talking about, the pono itself or the music store?
thank you sir for pono,  i backed the herbie hancock sig player. i love all kinds of music, especially jazz. so i reached out to greg osby on twitter. he is eager to add his music to this initiative. sincerely hope you can make this happen. if so, i'll probably be 'bothering' others as well...lol. thank you again sir.
@symbios: for october release it's us, uk, and canada. but we plan to expand internationally afterwards.
@richheart i had an iphone 4 and am aware of the problems it had.  i was hoping for a better material for the le's.
@robert mais @pono there are a bunch of us who would like to know the material that these are made from and if the l.e, and the regular are the same. if they are not the same, have you researched the effects of the different materials on the sound? (remember the iphone 4 antenna fiasco?)
@wan wai man andrew  pono say, no input to the dac, only converts what is inside.
all you need to pledge twice is a second kickstarter account. it can be linked to the same amazon account, you will need to register with ks with a different email.
are the le pono's brushed aluminum  or plastic?
@aaron wensel: the signatures will be from current band members.
@blayne: kickstarter allows only one pledge per user. consider having a friend pledge for you for a second one. thanks for your support.
i'm currently pledged for a limited edition artist pono player. if i add an additional $300 to my pledge, can i also get a regular pono player too?
does the red hot chili peppers one have john frusciantes sig on it?
interesting article "succeeding on kickstarter, he added, means trading in on one’s respect and reputation." http://recode.net/2014/03/interesting18/why-one-kickstarter-success-story-thinks-kickstarter-might-be-unethical/
hi, this player can correct dac by usb cable?  do you have any lineout signal connect to amp?
@stephan where do i find the countries supported?
@stephan where do i find the countries supported?
@gary craig interesting sales tax here in massachusetts is 6.25 if its required by law amazon has to collect it i don't recall them collecting anything on prior kickstarters i've backed but 19 bucks not to bad
@jdc i think vitalogy would be a great sounding hd album.  binural and riot act would sound great too.
@tom - probably ten and vitalogy. i couldn't bring myself to back a pearl jam pono though.
sad, exited about this project but decided to cancel my pledge since the country i'm in is not supported for pono music store. what for having a player without the music?
well the whole extra $100+ vat & duty charges i will have to pay has pushed me out! thanks!... good luck all
1) will tee shirts be available to purchase? 2) will individual songs be available or just entire albums? 3) how can i hook up to my older b&k avr-507 receiver? is there a stereo mini-plug analog output to either rs-232, ieee1394, coaxial, or optical inputs, or possibly just to rca inputs?
@ treatise well if pono can replace the battery then just about anyone with a screw driver  likely can but of course we wont know for sure until we get it. depending on what kind of warranty if any comes with it. without voiding the warranty i like to open things up and will see what it takes to change the battery and to replace the mini plug with real rca jacks. time will tell.
re the vat for the brits. am i missing the point or does americans not have to pay state tax and sales tax on this, hence making it the same as vat? just glad to get some answers. do we have to ship the pono back to the u.s. for battery replacement or will there be an eu repair centre??
@alex get the quote from neils song right. the gentleman says  'live music is better' bumper stickers  should be issued  all in favor of what he said  signify by sayin' "ay"
please add dsd support!!!!
if pono "music is better' bumper stickers should be issued"
12.  robbie robertson 13.  widespread panic 14.  damon albarn 15.  the flaming lips 16.  kraftwerk 17.  little dragon 18.  paul mccartney 19.  stephen and ziggy marley 20.  rush that's it for now.  :)
phillip jacobi, i think not, unless you can remember what number the count was up to when you pledged for it and then you have your answer right there.
is there an easy way to find out approximately what serial number you may get for an artist le ponoplayer?
i have some suggestions, (dream list) for the pono le's: 1.  neil young & crazy horse 2.  david gilmour 3.  mark knopfler 4.  emmylou harris 5.  eric clapton 6.  brian may 7.  b.b. king 8.  bob dylan 9.  radiohead 10.  wilco 11.  spinal tap 12.
all i know is i can't wait to get this! i wonder what pearl jam will consider their top two favorite albums?
still waiting for a neil young and crazy horse or buffalo springfield signature series player. any chance of this happening?
oh dear... the 500 eur or whatever you pay for an ipad includes vat when you buy it from apple, whether it is shipped directly or not from china - unless customs messed up. yes, apple can claim (part of) vat back (the value added, thus the name). but the customer pays the full vat, period. the bottom line: it doesn't matter where the product is manufactured in or shipped from, eu customers will have to pay vat and duties on it one form or the other. so it doesn't matter if pono players get shipped from china, us or ireland, we pay vat and duties on it. there are two scenarios when that might not happen: if ponomusic is extremely generous and lowers the price enough so that the impact of vat+duties bring the end-user price to parity with the usd price. or you might get incredibly lucky when it slips through the fingers of a lazy customs person, but that's a very rare occurrence in my experience (nl and fi). i'm done arguing about this. if you don't believe the above, google.
of course it's 'absorbed'. into the price we pay but we don't pay hmrc on delivery they do
i know apple pays duties and taxes because i clear their shipments every day. however unlike us they have the facility to reclaim that tax back.  if i ordered an ipad and it came direct from china to my door i would not pay any duties and taxes as apple send all their shipments delivery duties paid, meaning they pay the bill
and i guarantee apple doesn't "absorb" any duties. they transfer them over to the end-customer, just like every other company. fwif i work in corporate finance dealing with this stuff daily.
@wayne what's your point? if you are an eu citizen living in the eu, you pay vat on apple products, and sony and philips and nokia, no matter where they are manufactured in, eu or outside. and apple pays duties just like everyone else - it just doesn't show up in the receipt the customer gets.
answer to the battery question: "the ponoplayer is generally repairable and the battery can be replaced by pono once it goes bad." so this means those outside the us will need to ship our players to the us, taking god knows how long to get there, getting battery replaced, and shipping it back - and i assume at our expense. and to add insult to the injury, we have to somehow convince the customs that it is a battery replacement unit coming back, not a new one, to avoid getting taxed twice. while a clarification was welcome, the message is not very encouraging. i don't see why the battery couldn't be made so that the user can replace it herself.
how do you think apple ship from china around the eu? they send their shipments ddp to ireland, reclaim the vat as they're vat registered there and absorb any duties
@someone i don't think you know how taxation in the eu works. even if ponomusic ship from eu, someone must pay vat and duties - and in the end that someone is the customer. it's either the end-customer who pays them when the shipment arrives from overseas, or the manufacturer/distributor pays them directly if they are based in the eu. in the latter case these are obviously transferred to the customer, just like every other company in the world does.
i actually work in customs compliance for the uk and they are quite capable of importing all their eu shipments into the netherlands under bond and having them eu cleared there using an eu eori vat number of which that could be reclaimed by themselves minus any duty however.
@wayne taxes and duties are not exactly the fault of ponomusic... nevertheless, they could ease the hassle by outsourcing fulfillment to a third party. price would likely remain around the same, though.
@wayne: people would have to proxy it.
enjoy the import tax charges everyone
more answers to your questions were just posted here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1003614822/ponomusic-where-your-soul-rediscovers-music/posts/781772
citing the ouya as a success story aint filling me with confidence tbf
if you follow every dream you might get lost
tom petty sitting there for the taking anyone!
22 / 26
oyveyzmeir that's wrong. they music store will function in the uk. so they should obviously be interested in keeping the cost down for customers. their answer in the previous update seemed to be more related to people that wanted them to write the value as zero to avoid taxes. that's not what we are asking for. considering they are registering their company in ireland (presumably to avoid taxes on profit) you would think they might want to do something nice for their customers here.
losing people.  ffs
@someone: i just don't see it happening! but i want to believe : ) but i'm not loosing any sleep over it.
1059 > 22
@christian, hey i'm with you, i'm just prepared for the worst. i get radio kit from the states and sometimes it comes through clean and no charges and other times you get hit! ebay now add all the import duties at source so you can't even live in hope :( anyhoo i hope they do what you say as it will be a steal at £250 in my hand. lets hope so.
@christian coles: as stated, they don't have international aspirations at present as the music store will only function in the us. they do not have the rights to sell music outside the united states yet. they're not going to pay vat for you. they're going to ship it over, the $15 extra is for postage, and whatever hm customs & excise does to you after that is not their problem. either you want it, or you don't. if you don't? cancel. especially if it's a limited edition. you'll make someone very happy. the rustling of the tinfoil as the hats are donned is highly amusing. i've been following pono since it was announced two years ago. this isn't a con-game... they've already been through one dev cycle with meridian, decided that wouldn't work, and scrapped it. were it a sham project or on shaky ground, it would've ended at that point, i believe. if you don't like the way things are done? don't back. if you don't think it's a genuine project? don't back. if you don't like the business model? don't back. if you don't think the dinner is going to be to your taste? don't back. you have the right to back. you have the right not to back. if you back, you have the right to ask questions. pono have the right not to answer them. pono may not have the answers right now. the ouya had a far more outlandish premise than the pono, and it succeeded. so if you don't like it? go. by the rate of increase in contributions, someone'll be along to take your place in... oh... a minute or two.
douglas stewart yeah we know there are vat. if they are shipped from outside the eu. but they can ship from inside eu at an marginal extra cost for them saving all of us a load of money. that's why we want confirmation that they are at least looking into this and will be ready with an answer a few days before april 15 at the latest.
did they say anything about the blue pono yet i cant find any answers any place.
gone
@kyle i got the answer i was looking for, she said:"come to bed. " so i'll check your blog tomorrow :-)
1 csn just come up
@douglas stewart. i disagree, those who have international aspirations have set up distribution centres within europe to counteract these extortionate charges, i am already having to pay an extra $15 for delivery. i will wait for the official pono answer, and if it supports your statement, i'm out as i am sure of a lot of others from the uk. i appreciate your response though..
csn le coming up.
lovely talking to you folks today, thanks for entertaining my music jabber. shameless plug coming, not proud of it.  i recently started a music blog, mostly diatribe about how music affects my life.  trying to gain some more traffic over there, need a few more followers than just my immediate family.  if you'd like, check it out, if not, i don't blame you. discosquare.wordpress.com excited about my pono, glad to support it.  i hope you all get the answers you're looking for.
@ christian coles- you will get hit for uk value added tax (vat), the duty will be added and you will also pay the administration fee to the courier who delivers it here in the uk fro collecting both of these on behalf of hmrc (irs for the north americans) + the extra £15.00 delivery charge. that's the way the cookie crumbles, not pono's fault nothing they can do and you win usually anyway even with these costs as whatever the $ price is they usually price it the same in £ & € so you should end up with it cheaper or about the same at least. add that if you are backing a signature model its unique and not the same as normal retail.
@the ponomusic team please answer the questions about vat & duty tax for those of us who have ordered from the uk as it will add an additional $100 onto the price! thank you
@gary i saw him here in dallas, incredible.  one guy that seems to have found his prominence closer to you guys is jonathan wilson.  seems he only sells out his europe shows, meanwhile he can't even fill a small bar in chicago.  shame really.  he's been touted as the guy solely responsible for revitalizing the laurel canyon sound for the new generation.  he'll be over there soon enough i'm sure.
@kyle, love gary clark junior. he's coming over to london but no scottish show. someday though.....
@gary tell her to find a place called torchy's tacos.  also, if you haven't heard of austin's own gary clark jr, might want to check him out.
@gary - i know, right? good thing jimmy isn't the man behind pono. dinners would cost $50,000 instead of 5,000.
@kyle my daughter is going to austin july4th. she is going to srv museum just to annoy me coz i cant!!
if any of you 'cross-the-pond guys plan on making a trip to texas (but really, why would you?), plan on coming to the bedford blues fest at the beginning of september.  usually features buddy guy, jimmie vaughan, and last year john mayall as well.  texas blues meets the guys that brought blues to prominence out of england.
@david its a long list of wants though : ) clapton, gerry rafferty, hendrix and on and on..... some nice ones like harry chapin but a bowie one would change my pledge.
@david, jimmy page? (finger)prints? u know jimmy likes to ask £1000 for (signed) prints on his site??
@richheart, understood re interference, but plastic aint gonna look good. suppose that's what the leather cover is for?? just cant wait to hear this though. weeks will crawl in.
shout out for on the beach surely?
@gary yeah srv gotta be! oh and i'd go to a 5k dinner in the blue lagoon chippie but only if they promise to make them deep fried mars bars and a half pizza fried in good old fashioned lard! : )
@douglas - i'm right there with you on the brushed aluminum, as it wouldn't be so much of a fingerprint magnet as many chrome/silver finishes are. a bowie edition would be great, and i mentioned before a jimmy page would be sweet too - crossing my fingers that some other 70's rock gods join in on the party.
@gary, whether plastic or metal, there will be design and electronics considerations. i hope that there is shielding on all and that the black and yellow are rubberised/silicone coated alloy. i trust that they won't just switch untested from plastic to metal for the ass (artist signature series). even then, the rubberised coating will prevent various earthing variations (remember the iphone 4 antenna fiasco?).
@ kyle srv is in the rnr hall of fame this year, apparently.
harvest moon
how about a 5k dinner at the blue lagoon chippie, glasgow???
@gary dallas guy here, its a shame that srv is not in the r'n'r hof.  tragedy really.
@douglas, if we are allowed to dream i want a rory gallagher or srv one. got their autos but not on a pono...
@gavin harvest - subject to change, as is most often the case.
i fucking love neil young
@gary is it me or do the ones on the home page look like brushed alu? i hope so. i would love to see a bowie one, may even make me free up the one i have tagged already. let's see some more artists after all not many europeans going to make the trip to the us for a 5k dinner.
im saying after the goldrush.  today
lol clearly.  didn't know the name, but knew their was a less-than-likely chance i was talking to a real football star. i don't look like a block of blue bricks either.  ha.
very interested to see which questions we get answers to today from the team. dont see reasons to panic, but some good questions have been asked a few times, so the answers should be coming? like everyone else i have high hopes for this. will be kind of disappointed if the limited ponos are plastic though...
for full disclosure purposes, aint my hair.  that is the hair of benny ekotto.  spurs legend, and proper bloke.  if he dont rate neilyoung now, thats only cos he aint heard him yet. team benny
innit.  haha.
@gavin truth.  godspeed m'man.
@gavin depends... you talking solo, with crazy horse, buffalo springfield, csny?  that's a loaded question with such a vague request.
kyle mate, i love you and all on here.  we are the people.
best neil young album?
@gavin your hair scares me lol all in good fun, just trying to balance the amount of uproar in here
@gary, yeah i know the story thought it would be nice to share :) the bit about setting fire to the reception area in albany hotel sounded a hoot and the fact they were all stoned!! ha! the chap david peat died a couple of years back here the full story for anyone interested. http://www.openculture.com/2012/02/neil_young_busking_in_glasgow_1976_the_story_behind_the_footage.html
funny story i thought i'd share: my dad is a big music lover with fond memories of vinyl, so i showed him the pono commercial video. at the end he goes, "they make it sound great, but they don't even let you hear it!" as if they would just take the camcorder over to the car and have neil turn it up and say "sounds great, don't it!", as the sound comes rerouted through the bargain-bin desktop speakers. i think there are alot of people, like my dad, who are maybe not the sharpest when it comes to technology, don't pay attention to the internet, won't really have a clue or an interest in new technology - until i bring it over the house and demo it for him. what neil and the team have been driving home all along is that regardless of whether pono succeeds or fails, once we start getting high-quality sound out there, people will be able to recognize it and appreciate it. it's all about making the tech disappear and giving us the most direct connection with the spirit of the music as possible.
@kyle french scaring me a bit
@douglas this was set up by neil and two journalists he met up with at the airport. i love it, but it was all staged. neil just thought it would be funny to go out looking for a bank. notice how the camera is on glasgows old laughing lady....
neil looking for a bank in 1976! hell if he only knew 38yrs later you could just ask other folk for a few quid http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xdtv39_neil-young-old-laughing-lady-1976_music&start=2 enjoy some busking neil in my home town :)
this thread of comments has been a good source of entertainment today. you know a shred of positive attitude might garner a response from 'creator'.  i've already heard from him/her once today... but perhaps its because i wasn't questioning this company's ability to put out a quality product ad nauseum. relax people, you have until apr 15 to make a decision on this, that's almost a full month from now, and this thing only rolled out late last week.  if you feel you jumped the gun on pledging then back out and leave the goodies to the people that want to support this. can't wait to hear it! signed: your friendly neighborhood pono sunshine-pumper
@richheart update with many questions answers coming later today. thanks!
i don't want the battery to be user replaceable.  user replaceable access weakens the unit.  if anything goes wrong i want my limited edition super chrome signature gadget to be maintained by pono.  i'll pay a suitable fee for which details will no doubt be announced once the team is fleshed out from the flushness of the slush fund. i've no doubt they will be happy for my custom.  i'll be happy to have their expertise.
oh creator, while you're here, can you pretty please answer some questions below? mundane matters such as gapless playback,  case material of the regular and l.e. versions (are they the same/are they plastic/metal?) can the battery be user replaced? (i think that that has been asked, but if not... i'm asking, please....)
lyle lovett added to the artist signature series :)
i didn't even question that it wouldn't have gapless playback... i would really like to get a firm answer to that question as it would definitely be a deal breaker if it didn't do gapless.
cheers @richheart. i really want to stick with pono but i fear that waiting until october coupled with possibly high customs tax might force me into get a fiio x5 or something like that
i can't seem to find any answer to the question of whether the pono supports gapless playback.  does anyone out there have an answer?
hey, the pono team provided some more information including an interview with neil where he speaks a bit more in depth about the player and the music the service will provide...and people will start complaining some more in 5,4,3,2.... p.s.  i's still happy with my decision to back this program.  the goal is pretty simple.  built the best possible portable digital music player and sell the best possible recordings based on how the artist originally recorded and mastered them.  it will be up to the general public to encourage record companies to release more 192k resolution music buy purchasing more of the product.  record companies have done this in the past (think sacd), but they have not sold well.  i can see where the record companies would hold off on putting all of their resources in getting back catalogs remastered if no one is going to buy it.  neil's approach of focusing on a convenient, portable player at a price that is within reach of a sizable number of people makes sense.  it gives the market a chance to catch on and grow.
it may well be that chrome coloured ponos are plastic too, or that they are all metal. it is just a guess, but i doubt that they would change material for the l.e. as this could have all sorts of conductivity/interference/sound quality issues.
does anyone know if the standard pono players are made of metal too? they look like plastic but i'm not sure. i'm in the uk so deciding upon whether to drop my le in favour of one of the cheaper models (don't want import tax to kill my wallet)
neil young and others have released hd audio on dvds and blu-ray discs. will it be possible to transfer these to the pono player? will there be 5.1 surround sound?
i am unaware of any audio company is gives prototypes out to the media for review.  similarly, i have never seen an audio company provide the specifications of a player whilst it is a prototype. i made my pledge because i trust these guys to create a player that plays lossless files and sounds way better than an ipod. to those who say that adding more signed posters or more dinners is bad i would say look at the flip side: there are more people who now get the chance to have a signed poster or to meet neil.  that seems to me to be a good thing for those that can afford it, i just wish a dinner was taking place in the uk!
thank you!
@creator - looking forward to today's update. thanks for all of your hard work! i'm very fortunate to be able to wear headphones during certain activities at my job - can't wait to get my daily dose of sonic bliss.
thank you, ponomusic, for your updates. we know you've been very busy. :-)
from http://www.computeraudiophile.com/content/572-pono-or-oh-no-interview-neil-young/: "...i had an opportunity to listen to the ponoplayer. the sound was very good coming through the tad cr1 loudspeakers and ayre acoustics integrated amplifier. the selection of wonderfully mastered music didn't hurt :~) the ponoplayer connected to this ayre / tad system is the only ponoplayer in the world designed by ayre acoustics. in fact, the player was in a little black box that accepted digital output from the yellow ponoplayer (a feature not planned for the final design). this black box was design by ayre shortly before the show. there wasn't enough time to assemble an additional player. thus, all listening impressions of the ponoplayer done through headphones are now obsolete. the ponoplayers available for headphone playback were the old meridian design that will not make it to production." this makes me happy, in that someone in the audiophile press got to listen to it (huge plus), but sad in that it was via the digital out which won't be available in production devices and that headphone impressions don't count because they're older tech. still... it's very, very nice to see reviews from someone in the know, despite the above caveats.
and to add--we will have another kickstarter update coming later today with more answers to your questions. thanks.
who said i was outraged?  i'm concerned.  my ipod i knew i could bat replace.  my sony i'm assuming i can.  what bout pono all i'm asking
@shawn bianchi: i can't find those articles, so i'd appreciate a link or two (seriously). i've not seen anything anywhere from an audiophile reviewer who was able to listen via headphones, which is surely how most of us are backing this will use this device. i'm very hopeful we'll see something like that soon. the people behind this project are well-respected. it's just confusing to me why we've not seen a "hey, i got to listen to the alpha version of the pono" article from a journalist who is from an audiophile site, as opposed to a journalist for some other site who typically uses apple headphones in their ipod. no one is doubting the potential of flac (assuming it's mastered from high-quality recordings). we're just questioning the *player*, because that's what we're paying for, and $300-$400 isn't trivial to many of us. we just want some reassurance.
that being said, i'm excited about this still.  i'm not a harcore audiophile like the lot of you but i can tell the difference between my ipod and when i'm spinning vinyl.  if this thing garners a better listening experience then i will be satisfied, if not, i'm sure i'll be able to sell the le unit i pledged for and break even.  i'm happy to support it either way.
hello to the ponomusic kickstarter community! we are so grateful to all of you for your overwhelming support of ponomusic. i want to apologize to those of you that have not received answers to your questions and comments. we really appreciate your input, and want to get your questions answered as quickly as possible. we are currently working diligently to add resource in response to this incredibly gratifying interest and engagement. we hope to have some additional resource in place in the next couple days to address your comments and messages. in the meantime, there are some great resources that may be helpful to many of you with general questions about computer audio and digital music: www.audioquest.com/pdfs/computer-audio-demystified-whitepaper-en-r2.pdf www.computeraudiophile.com the www.computeraudiophile.com website also has a forum where many experienced computer audio and digital music hobbyists and professionals lend their expertise and information. your questions, including “most” questions about ponomusic and the ponoplayer will likely be answered there quickly, and accurately by passionate, informed people who love these topics and know their stuff. thanks for your patience and support. we look forward to your continued interest, and we will be adding staff to answer more and more of your questions and comments on a timely basis. gratefully, john hamm ceo
i think his legacy is pretty well solidified, regardless of this thing's success.
i imagine most, if not all, of us worked for the money we've pledged, which makes this truly a grass roots enterprise.  from the $5 pledgers, to the artist signature series participants, to the dinner donors, we are all a part of something. and with over 12,000 supporters we are showing large investors that there is a demand for this product.  in a worse case scenario, we're out some money. but neil is putting his reputation and legacy on the line. for a man with his character, he has more invested than any of us can imagine.
there have been plenty of articles out there with impressions from journalists who have been played demos of pono; every last one of them walking away impressed. it's likely that there haven't been formal reviews of pono simply because it hasn't been released yet. while the sound tech has been established, i'm sure there are superficial/cosmetic details about the product which have yet to finalized, and so they're waiting on that so such things can be discussed in more formal, final reviews. this is fairly standard practice.
@peter beck: if this is in an alpha state, so much so that it cannot be reviewed... then how are neil and the gang impressing all the musicians and music executives? if it's by playing flac files over non-pono equipment, it proves nothing. if it's by playing music via the ponoplayer, it means the ponoplayer can be reviewed. so either we're buying vaperware from a company that's claiming they have a product, or there's a product able to wow professional musicians but which they won't allowed to be heard by a professional reviewer. either scenario frightens me.
i don't know what neil has put into it besides time. neither do you. most people invest to get a part of the profit from good ideas or they keep their hands in their pockets.
rumour has it, neil's put millions of his own money.
@john - i think you're on the right track here. i'm sure alot of people have invested in this outside of the kickstarter. neil put it on kickstarter because he wants to let music lovers be a part of the development.
hey dennis, what makes you think neil hasn't put plenty of his own money into the research and development up until this point!?! you are kind of ignorant if you don't think he has spent plenty of his own money and time (and we all know "time is money", don't we?). also, why would any of his "musician buddies" want to hand out free money for a project they weren't directly involved with. or better yet, maybe the reason the project has reached $4,124,685 in a little more than a week is because some (or maybe very many) have put their money where their mouth (and heart) is and have helped it get to this level.
get a life? how about coming back down to earth. if neil or his musician buddies thought this was the best thing since sliced bread, they would have pulled the $800,000.00 out of their socks to fully fund it. not just talk about it. anyone else here bought an hd player before bluray stumped on it?
@joe wood +1
@gavin - your sony player has the same laws of physics applied to its battery, so it will only hold about 300-1000 charges too. are you as outraged about that as you are about the pono's battery?
... and to all of those saying "cd is fine for me" - the cd is dying. it will be gone in a few years, if even that. digital and vinyl is taking over, and it's happening fast. if we don't back companies like pono and hdtracks, then all we will be left with is mp3 files. i think that's a major reason why neil is doing this, and why so many artists are getting behind it. it's a matter of providing a platform for high resolution audio in the future. that's all i have to say. namasté!
i've already got a sony hi res player.  i'm happy to spend the money supporting pono launch and getting shiny new pono.  i get that girls will want me and boys will want to be me.  i just don't want it to not work after 2 years of charging.  sorry if that offends neil fans.  you obviously love 'the man'
thinking of bailing?? what the hell? it's in alpha state, ergo not ready for reviews yet! all electronic devices hold about 300-1000 charges per battery. that's not a pono thing, that's a physics thing. don't get hyped up and scared due to other comments on this kickstarter. if you are like me and trust that pono will deliver what they're saying until proven otherwise, then i recommend turning off your computer, take a walk, drink some coffee and hang out with some friends. it's all gonna be fine.
they are asking us to pay 400 dollars for summit that may or may not be defunct in 2 years (800 charges).  you all cool with that?
to tom crawford; right on!!!
i agree with all that tom crawford just said about this project. also, the goal of $800,000 has been reached (as of now, $4,115,260). so...the kickstarter portion has really already done its job, hasn't it? neil and the rest of the pono music team don't owe anybody any kind of immediate explanation about anything. they are just raising money (and probably testing out how many people out there would be willing to purchase the player and the flac-hd downloads later on). i'm sure they are going to be using the "extra" funds they will be receiving on april 15th to boost the production process and reach out to more in the music industry. so, like i said, nobody owes you complainers anything...except the product you have said you were willing to buy with your pledge...get a life...get over your self-importance...let neil and his team get down to the business of properly rolling out this new and innovative product in a timely manner
to those thinking of bailing: i'm in the same boat. i can pay $300 now and hope to get one in october, or i can pay $400 in october (or so) and get one shortly thereafter. i'd be happy to keep my pledge because i'm desperate for a high-end portable device that isn't over $1k. however, given that there are beta versions already, and given that the entire premise of this project is amazing audio, the fact that pono hasn't had any external reviews terrifies me. i am afraid this will essentially be yet another ipod and sound about the same. why do i fear this? because it would be *trivially easy* for pono to have someone review the sound... someone who isn't already primed to make money if this takes off. why don't they do so? my theory: the device just doesn't sound good enough. if it sounds as good as they claim, there is literally no downside to having it reviewed. one must wonder, then, why a company selling a product based on amazing sound - and one who apparently has it working well enough to stun all those "completely unbiased" musicians and execs - won't let someone who reviews such things for a living listen to it. i don't care how good flac-encoded music sounds. i care how good music sounds *on the ponoplayer*... which isn't the same as how good that file could sound on the right system. i'm sticking around for now, but i doubt we will see an external review, and that's inexcusable for this company who claims to have a demonstrable product that they've let many insiders hear, when what is being sold is a high-end device... but what *really* seems to be on sale here is a new medium for musicians to make money. i'm all in favor of them earning money, but i want *my* money to go towards a device that sounds amazing, not one that just holds amazing files.
there sure is a lot of whining going on. we're talking about the man, the myth, the legend here.i really hope that some of the naysayers that are so ready to complain over their personal issues aren't at the dinner i'm planning to attend. i backed this project because i believe in mr. young and am looking forward to being in his presence. whatever form this takes is an unknown at this point, but if everyone attending stays in the spirit of the moment the outcome can only be positive. as for technical questions about the machine, i have confidence that the ponomusic team will answer all in due time. afterall; this is, by definition, a startup company. they are using kickstarter as a means to fund the project. although individuals may not agree with certain aspects of how kickstarter works, we shouldn't lose focus on the ultimate goal: great music by a great man.
hey my morning jacket fans!!! i am posting my thoughts on here that i had posted on mmj's forum a day or two ago. i don't think i will be re-buying all my music again. i never really bought into the whole download thing going on these days. i have downloaded all the mmj bootleg series shows (more than half of them in flac-hd), a few single songs of theirs that were on tribute albums that i didn't feel i really wanted to own, and the downloadable albums that came from codes included in some of the vinyl mmj albums i have. other than those, i always buy cd's (and the occasional vinyl, as of late). since i purchased an external hard drive a few years ago, i have been converting many of my cd's to flac, wav, and sometimes mp3 using nero. i have these different versions on that external hard drive so i can easily add and delete music from my cheap little mp3 player(s). recently, i have tried to go with the larger wav files, since they do sound a bit better to me. the big problem is that one long mmj show takes up much of the space on a 4 or 8 gb player. with the pono music player, i will have 128 gb to use (and more, if i purchase a few additional mini-sd cards, like neil suggests). i will just stick with the flac or wav versions of all the hundreds of cd's i have and make most of my new purchases the flac-hd quality kind - probably from pono music or live downloads, where mmj, grateful dead, pearl jam, wilco, the black crowes, and many more artists already have flac-hd quality downloads available. after all, the pono music player is capable of playing back almost any kind of music file. that means i can still play anything i have been playing on my cheap gpx mp3 player, no matter the quality - mono recordings from my simple casio camera or fan recordings we have all come to love and cherish.
exciting! we just posted this:  http://crowdfundingheroes.com/trends/current-crowdfunding-projects-we-are-backing
who came up with artist signature series(ass)? i'm starting to think of bailing from my pledge because the more i read the less i think this will be much different from anything else out there. it does not help when a lot of questions by many go unanswered. investors have a right to know exactly what they are getting before funds are taken. just my two cents.
to richheart i did not say i do not have the same questions but i trust they will be answered in time. if not, one can always decide to back out. i would rather wait and get proper answers rather than to trash the project with unfounded remarks.
@leif no, that's the problem i have (i'm in dk as well). if you trawl through the comments you'll see a reply from pono that that will happen "later". at rollout it'll only be us/uk/canada. the thing is, that isn't stated on the front page. this is symptomatic of the poor communication skills the pono team is showing. while there is a bit of moaning here and there, most of the questions posed are valid. and yet the pono team doesn't respond. i hope they get their act together so that this doesn't get the dubious record of the fastest defunding in kickstarter history.
@ bryn. i really hope you & i are going to the same vip dinner because i'll have a chance to explain my online persona, talk a little about postmodern theories of language, and if you still doubt me, well, then apologize. but beyond that, it'll be magnificent. will neil be there early greeting each of us and thanking us as we walk through the door? or will he arrive last, to our rapturous applause after we've all downed a few beers and wines and gotten to know each other? it'll be a blast mate. who'll get to sit closest to neil? will it be one ginormous round chinese type table where we can all see each other? will i get to ask neil any of my ridiculous questions about trans? i really believe neil is one of the sincerest older dudes in rock - his sheer humanity and work rate attests to that. he'll make a fantastic host for the listening party - his enthusiasm for this whole thing is contagious. the listening party is going to be awesome bro. i'm imagining a group of like minded people (woman and men, and i'm not bald either, ha) congregating together in the genuine spirit of what this is all about; the ability of music to bypass our very minds, to bypass language that is, and to reach something innate and physical in our blood - our hearts, our little pumping ventricles and atriums. rock on my pono sistren & brethren. don't take my darker imaginings too seriously. :) peace out brothers
@leif stores will open in the us, canada and the uk in october, according to pono. the rest at some later date. as you have discovered, record labels restrict sales and hdtracks have been around a long time without being able to get past that.  linn sells hi-res to world-wide. i think they sign up their artists for world-wide distribution.
please offer a xxl version of the yellow pono t-shirt and i also will purchase it!
will i be able to buy music from pono store, when i live in europe (denmark) ? i've got the following answer from hdtracks: " hi leif, please note, you are outside the u.s. we currently are not available internationally. this is due to record label restrictions on high res digital downloads. we are seeking to launch internationally soon. but at this moment i do not have an exact time period. so while you can definitely download the sampler, you would not be able to purchase in the future due to the international restrictions. i am providing you with instructions on manually installing the download manager. this should assist you. 1. make sure you have wine installed.  2. download the windows installer by clicking here.  3. if the installer does not automatically launch with wine, use the wine windows browser to locate and run the installer you just downloaded.  4. some users may receive an error at the end of the installation process when the downloader attempts to launch; however you will still be able to run the downloader by double-clicking the shortcut icon or by running the command 'wine hdtracks\ downloader.exe' sincerely, hdtracks support team@ "
@ron bryn does not say he pulled his pledge. he says he will have hair (so 29 may be bald but he won't be) lol
there are no where near enough pono people posting on here and answering legit questions we have. why?
@ron. it is great that hadrian expresses the extent of his disappointment on here. i have had answers on other projects, about doubts expressed, which led me to increase my commitment and sense of involvement.  here that whole conversation doesn't exist. this is exactly what a community should be doing. come on pono, wake up, speak up, clearly and openly.
@edmund duck thanks for making bryn to pull his 5k pledge. maybe more people will follow. if you have nothing positive to say, then say nothing........,try
@hadrian if your pulling out, then go ahead. there's no need to post here, just do it.
on the plus side lads, it is dead shiny
@eduard as a community people invest time and care as well as money. when i pledged (early enough that i could have caught one of the 100, $200 ponos going, i could choose between the ny and the csny l.e.s.  i had some questions, they weren't answered. others raised questions, they weren't answered. there has been no sense of sharing a goal here. what started as a shared wish to see pono become the hifi for the masses has turned into cynical marketing with no communal interaction. our friend, edmund duck would be on his own if the slick marketeers had been a little slicker. proper pr is good for marketing. the poor pr is hurting pono.  i can live without phono sockets, what i can't abide is a whole range of logical and sensible approaches being systematically ignored, while more suppers at 5k a throw are flung at the pigeons.
@eduard i agree with you 100%
to edmund duck, instead of posting these very smartass pieces why do you not spend your energy on something useful and back something you believe in instead.
for the first time, i have decided to withdraw my support of a kickstarter project.  having received no response to my inquiry from the supporters, and having done my own research of the matter, i have concluded that dsd is a far superior format than pono, and that supporting pono would only divide the market and hurt the superior technology.
okay, i'm done. but can i say i'm not bald, so there'll be 29! online abuse is too easy. goodbye.
@bryn: judging by the persona in your photograph, you look old enough to know better. you're going to walk into the event, and there'll be cameras flashing, and neil will be there, shaking your hand, offering his heartfelt appreciation for your support as he looks past you to the next schmuck in line, thinking, "goddamn, 30 balding males? not again!" behind neil will be some of his pretend-we're-not-but-we-really-are corpocracy, who'll be dining and champagning out on your money. they too will offer sincere words of gratitude, but behind their thick greasy masks every one of them will be sneering at your need to fork out five grande to see your hero in person while convincing yourself you're investing in the future of quality music. neil too will be sneering, after the event, an elder stateman of rock whose 180g & 200g vinyl lps in the archives series and his new albums of the past 8 years are literally *the most expensive lps on the market.* it doesn't get more expensive than neil young on vinyl. you will dine and attend the listening party & you will stare over at neil and hope to get to talk to him a little more beyond the initial introductions, but you won't, and besides the 30 of you, there will be at least ten more dudes there wining & dining off you & your 29 buddies' backs, i.e. your faith, yet they haven't yet actually done a thing for you. their pig-leather californian tanned skin will never give away their self-interest because they were born with greed in their bones. they will succeed in making it all seem to be about you. your brain will block all signs of their deceitful and greedy psychology because the one thing you will not allow yourself to believe is that your money has gone into their pockets, while they spend it right in front of your nose. you are being taken for a ride my friend & you already know it.
@ron this site is about crowd funding. the community giving something to help a fledgling develop. the concept of stretch goals, not about getting something for nothing, is a way of growing together, keeping the communication flowing.  it would appear that the eagle has flown the coop (coup?) and made of with the lambs. for a comparison look up tubecore on ks and then on facebook. they funded mid-2013 and have still not delivered, despite november estimated delivery date. look at the positive interaction with the creator, positive feedback, patience. this relationship is earned.
agreed ron
this site has was to much negativity. please be positive, patient, and have some faith. to much negativity, is the recipe of destruction. let the porno team focus on the product.
what do you plan to do (and what can you do) about the  "loudness war" or "dynamic range compression" that so many publishers use these days?  -i am worried that your pono store source material may already be compromised?! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/loudness_war
some may find this interesting http://geek.lhlabs.com/force/geekaria/901-can-lh-labs-go-up-against-pono-player
ok .... anyone remember the who, this scene from tommy?http://www.youtube.com/watch… i feel a little nausea....  gonna put my head down for a week or two and see how things pan out.
old backer look at my life..60 dinners and a whole lot more!  live once, throw your dice enjoy it while you can :)  i love you neil, i imagine you are reading some of these, when you are not wringing the cramps out of your poster signing hand!  hey there a song "poster signing hand." hey, i'm loving it...i just want to hold...ok thrash on old black for about 5 min...while plugged in!  i'll make it scream even as a lefty :)  keep-on-keepin-on!
@richheart - we all know this is a business not a charity and so it's our money they are really interested in. i think we're all gown up enough to understand that.
@bill. just a little disillusioned. have you wondered how all the attendees of these special evenings are going to get their ny l.e.s when these have all sold out?  one of the few answers we have received from pono, is that numbering will not be in the order you registered. so if you grabbed #7, you might get any number. sorry, this does not inspire confidence in the process.
richheart back off the negative...sounds like you have some agenda that's contrarian.
the thought of a special evening, really special, with ny being repeated 4 times. by time 3, it will sound like a well worn record (vinyl)...  so i hope you all get the first one that you thought you were going to get (25% chance of that happening, with every chance of further dilution to come) and i hope that ny puts his all into it (even though, in the back of his mind, he'll have to go through all this 3 or more times more).
i'm running linux and i'm not been promised to be able to use the pono music store download software. on hdtracks it should be possible to use wine - they write on the homepage: " linux users will need to install wine (or another windows emulator) and use the windows installer above.  " has this something to do with using a windows technology - such as silverlight - to make a sort of customer watermark in the file, before download?
i hav also canceled my le (arcade fire) pledge. the lack of communication and no public answers to lots of questions does not make me feel confident enough for a 400$ pledge + some big custom taxes bacause they don't want to ship from within europe...
@bryn griffith. i'm in for dinner with neil too! travelling all the way from norway to san fransisco. long may you run! now 120 dinner seats - i suppost all of these want ny or csny ponos. the numbering might get a conflict with the general 500 of le. my suggestion is to number like this: "limited edition - 7 of 30 - #half moon bay" or something like that. and of course, as number 7 to join, i would like number 7 :-)
i'm one of those that has pledged the $5000. to be honest it makes no difference whatsoever to me how many "events" take place as i'm only interested in the fun i'll get out of the one i hopefully get to. i'm not in the slightest interested in exclusivity. i appreciate i may be completely naïve here, but i'm hoping our pledges go into the project and not the pockets of the few (as some here suspect). finally, i think frank b is making a valid point about how much music may or may become available, but i'm putting my hard earned cash into this as an indicator of how much i want it to work. if it fails then, judging by the no. of backers (12k+)  it wont be through the want of support.
too many people are focusing on the merits/demerits of the pono player. it's the razor and ponomusic wants to sell you razor blades at $14.99 for cd quality and $24.99 for 192/24. where are they going to get a catalog of music people care about in 192/24 between now and october? they're not. so to make a go of it, the bulk of the catalog is going to to be 44/16. cd quality. same as 1983. all over again. for $14.99. how many are you going to buy? how many 192/24 albums are you going to buy for $24.99? for more: http://www.ultrahighendreview.com/pono-and-high-resolution-audio/
@richheart agree. if this trends continue, it all stops; http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/1003614822/ponomusic-where-your-soul-rediscovers-music/#chart-daily
sticking in for now cos a sucker for shiny things, but the batt issue, or apparent issue, cos comms is so poor, leaves a pretty poor taste
sticking in for now cos a sucker for shiny things, but the batt issue, or apparent issue, cos comms is so poor, leaves a pretty poor taste
it was gone in a ny minute :)
@richheart looks like its gone already
@tjc  dropped it already. then went to amazon and cancelled the payment authorisation for $415. now there is only a $5 pledge that will swell the coffers.  by the time i pay import duties, and ship back to a us buyer on ebay. best let it go. thanks though
@richheart but if you are going to let it go let me know when so i can snatch another on my other accounts
@richheart it's all about the money don't you understand i almost dropped my pledge as well. as soon as i know this is shipping list it on ebay you will easily double or triple your money
i was holding on to my csny l.e., mixed feelings, 'what if i change my mind?' i won't be able to get that l.e. but what am i holding out for? a dap of unknown advantage over my phone. i am sure that the pono will be available post-ks, post-reviews, if i then want one. maybe i'll have to pay an extra $100 for a l.e. (yes there will be 'unlimited' l.e.s, count on it - pun intended) post ks, or maybe i won't want one and will have $400 more for music downloads. catch my csny anyone?
@edmund duck go have some kool aid
i love duck :)
i'm rather surprised to see myself agreeing with lika/richheart, but yeah, i dropped my pledge this afternoon too, for a vip dinner. at first the idea seemed exciting, but ult preisler hit the nail on the head. the dinner party idea has been diluted to 1/4 of it's original 'worth'. where the original idea was a lucky gathering, neil is now "on dinner party tour". ugh. how embarrassing i ever thought it was a cool idea to begin with.  the concept of "limited edition" player has turned into a joke. the pisspoor communication from pono beyond mere lipservice is deeply disappointing. it's easy to see what's happening here is nothing more than gr$$d gr$$d and more gr$$d. instead of running a decent community campaign, in the true manner of kickstarter, i sense a deep and profound corporate kind of cynicism in the way no one communicates other than to tell us about new pledge options. oh, let's add in 3 more dinners with neil young, that'll raise a 150 thou in no time! how much easier and faster than having to sell another 4000 devices!! pah. it was fun while it lasted.
@herny hanna your post gave an idea as some people might want some of his old instruments maybe a stretch goal would be to give one away if this hits a certain number well no i guess nobody would like that. nobody liked the idea i have below about the free concert but watch those 50 dollar t shirts go maybe they can come out with a pono hat no wait the triangle shape would make everyone look like cone heads
love jackson browne, but canceling my pledge. 'would've loved to see some real answers on here.
i am excited about it! i would like to add a oggvorbis to supported audio format , if possible.
@stella please read richheart's post
@tjc pretty lame of them, huh? i so want to see this get off the ground but someone needs to step in and deal with the pr. pono don't seem to realise, but pledging has dropped off more sharply than would have been the case, had they interacted better. $4m is a success until someone realises that it could have been over $5m by now.
@richheart thanks for posting those secret replies from pono
i think i will stay with my nexus 5 until i read some solid reviews. hopefully the ponomusic store will have some quality music to download, but my guess is that phones that have native 24/192 may soon leave me daps as stand-alones, behind. the nexus can also stream hi-res music. so, i googled nexus 5 as dap and the first link was: http://www.head-fi.org/t/688977/nexus-5-sound-quality @stella. please stop hyping your webpage which does not answer the questions raised here and is currently stating that this project is funded at $2m (i.e. not exactly updated, we are passed $4m).
guys please check out my informational blog if you have questions about pono! http://musicrowgirl.com/2014/03/12/what-is-the-pono-player/
@ neil young, yea just you neil... the automatons dat git hired to respond to the questions here are feaking worthless... nuff said on dat one! so neil... all these years giving us beautiful music ! amazing ! those instruments you love to cart along that get to go where you go all the time... yea the ones that go for 50k on ebay cuz day made so great back in the day and held up all these years to perform 4 you. built like a brick $hit-house ya know ? well we want the same love and craftsmanship the good old usa 1950's style artisans got to put into those old strats & les pauls etc... yea those martin loving instruments you carry all over the world, ya know? we want to go up on ebay in ten years and see the neil young pono player originals going for 10k a pop cuz you made them so ono !!! i want a player made from koa wood! a player that stood up to everything ! stood up to the engineer's who tried to break it a year after it was made! stood up to the asian machine and all that it loves to copy our $hit for land-fill !!! stood up and got made in canada or the usa or both ! stands up now and for all time as the greatest player ever made, ever could be made !!! ever will be made to play the m u s i c !!!  i want my audio life back !!! you are teasing us with the best promise so far of skirting the computer sucking the life out of us bit by bit !!! i bought in to this with the ny signature pono !!! so you invited me to the "bridge school" when i was working in ca back in the day! i picked records & tapes in philadelphia at norman d coopers ! i got grover washington jr's job picking eight tracks and tapes cuz he was going out on tour for the first time ! the poly-machine shrink wrap smell coming off the old vinyl records popping out of the tunnel waiting to go out to tower records !!! remember ??? people had real jobs in the record industry back in the day !!! i can hear you miss this too !!! i can hear it neil !!! don't let management sling you onto the dinner circuit with a "we will take care of everything" wink neil - they are the reason it's all gone now !!! you are the leader of this parade neil !!! we are your fans !!! you are the one who is going to save this pono from getting mushed out some asian extruder !!! i know you will save this !!! build it like a buick neil !!! build it to last  forever !!! build it with every suggestion from everyone here !!! build / r&d / ask us !!! "long may my pono run" neil ... "long may my pono run..." cuz if ya don't ... den some one will get what ya did and backward engineer it into something better and walk it back up here on kickstarter and your wonderful pono will then become just a footnote ... where a giant step should have left a deep sunken wonderful mark for all time ... "long may my pono run" neil ... "long may my pono run..."
look, we get it, pono, despite the hype, is as focussed on worshipping mammon as any other corp.  and everyone whose read anything about ny over the years knows he loves him some cash.  nowt wrong with that, kids gotta eat innit. but answering questions shouldnt be that tough.  and still think you could rely on that there is enough goodwill/blind faith amongst the believers (me included) to still rake it in. just want the illusion we are making informed choices really.  chuck the little folk a bone pony.
people have been asking for different colour t shirts, so here you go!!!! but no we wont answer the question about the player being flogged with built in obsolescence.... but look, white ones!!!!!
@richheart well, with that kind of money incoming, i seriously hope they hire a proper pr/communications person. their information management is not exactly impressive.  i'm of two minds whether to drop the csn le and just go with the black/yellow, or to drop the whole thing entirely and just wait for the $399 when it hits the stores. interesting that they don't answer the question about the battery. @pono: you've had time enough to organize yourselves after the party. instead of focusing on raking in the "cash" (remember, they are pledges--not real money yet) by offering yet more le (thus diluting the concept) and dinners (ditto), how about some real information? if you really want to impress us, arrange an online q&a session or a webinar where you take us through the guts of the device and the vision behind your idea as it is now. it stands to reason that there's a lot of difference between $800k and 4,000k, neh? i'd expect your vision to evolve accordingly. look at soylent (https://campaign.soylent.me/soylent-free-your-body). they very quickly had a discussion board going and the founders (not just the pr guy) participates in the debates. yeah, they were a bit like you--massively oversubscribed, but they grabbed the bull by the horns and communicated. when the community did something interesting, they contacted them and asked whether they could integrate it into their own site. so this has become a real community, rather than just consumers.  why not do the same here? sure, we can't "hack" a pono like the soylent folks did, but you have some serious expertise wrt audiophile topics (i'm not one of them, but would like to learn). why not harness some of them? i'm sure that they'd be willing to pitch in. just my .02.
seriously considering canceling my l.e. csny and awaiting reviews of the marketed product. then, i am sure there will be l.e, items available in-store, just as more posters and vip evenings appeared on here.
so, after numerous questions on here about user replaceable batteries, input to the dac and phono line out, i got a message from pono to say that the pono is repairable and that the dac is not usable for external input and that it has a line out.  yes i am sure that some things are repairable, we wanted to know if we, the users, could replace the batteries? yes we know there is a line-out, we wanted to know if you were considering a higher quality, phono, line-out? great that you answered on the dac, terrible to hear that a superb dac will only be usable on media actually on the pono. i am copying in the pm's with pono. i am most disappointed with the attitude.  " yes, i have tried in the comments section, but as you prefer here, here goes:  1) are you considering phono line-out connections?  2) if a headphone socket is used, will this be serviceable/replaceable?  3) is the lithium battery standard, user replaceable?  many thanks and congrats on a successful project.  i believe that more comments from you, would be to your advantage, but this is your call. richheart richheart mar 17, 2014 i await a reply to my earlier message, please :)  also i had asked and would love to know, will the dac be usable as usb dac from computer, or only internally from pre-loaded music? the ponomusic team the ponomusic team mar 18, 2014 report spam the ponoplayer is repairable. it has a line out for headphones and another for your stereo system. the dac is built into the player for use there and cannot be used by itself with your computer.
bring on the music!
@tjc, & now you are pono !!! http://m.youtube.com/watch…
well now that sxsw is over i'm hoping the @pono team gets cracking at a real update with more answered questions and real updates other than more tier adds.
it would be righteous if neil added a 2nd half moon bay vip dinner/listening party!
good luck!! www.alross.com --bill
12,000 backers can't be wrong!
my little pony... er, pono. :-)
hey everyone, i have just started a proposal on stackexchange to create a kickstarter site... i have been using many of stackexchanges sites over the year and i find them perfect for qa. here's the link to the proposal, if you want to support it:  http://area51.stackexchange.com/proposals/66430/kickstarter…
as an audiophile girl i'd like to see, perhaps if the $$$ come in, an spdif connector or an output where i could put my higher end  audio usb cable to work. sure i have a standalone dac, but what about office & car audio equipment. why make a great portable piece with a good dac chip & not offer options for cabling. i would even wait for r&d to figure this out or perhaps offer 1 with 1 without. hd computer files are not inexpensive. it only takes about 20-23  music purchases to equal the cost of the player. my point is-- why not put a little money in output options or up charge a bit for a tweaked cable from ponos?
@ron davis i have a friend named heather that would be so cool! (:-o
well in consideration of those folks over seas maybe they could set up a simulcast somewhere
ron davis thanks ron i like gray can it be in a larger size
wait just one more this is different. how about as a stretch goal neil puts on an exclusive concert that the only way to get in is to prove you backed the project and you get a ticket to get in. and you get an exclusive recording in hi res flac of that same concert. maybe he could invite all those friends in the video's to play with him make a whole day or weekend out of it. backer could only go by providing their own transportation and they could not scalp the tickets. i am sure he could find a venue to hold 12000 people and if the number gets to big it could be like an outdoor concert i know he did one of those back in 1969. with a little help from some friends ops sorry i must have tried the koolaid to soon never mind if anyone thinks this is a good idea please copy and send a private message to pono maybe they will reply to at least one of my questions. good night my bet is the 12000 number would go way up
how about a shirt in heather gray, similar to the chrome limited editions.
i'm a $299 backer & i'd like a tee shirt - - how can get one?
ok i give up no more questions from me about specs or colors or more bands or batteries or shirt sizes from me. i will become a lemming and when they  pass out the kool aid i will drink with the rest of you all. someone else can ask the questions
i just want to say, ho 'oponopono...  thank you neil.
have just pledged...but..... as a buyer from the uk will i have to pay for duty tax and vat? if so i will cancel my pledge as that will push the price over the retail. please can someone from pono clarify this! also would love a rage against the machine edition one, but they don't strike me as a band who would do this...
great job ponomusic.
congrats on topping 4 mil.
just passed 4 million
either that or their not happy with the 30 dinner's added. they were expecting a more intimate atmosphere.
that's it i'm off yay
woohoo!! you can start breathing now carlos.
whoohoo!!! its late here, can i go to bed now???
folks are switching dinners to chi town!
wow pretty shirts how about some in pink and blue this neil diamond guy is cool
i believe that lack of proper communication from polo, has slowed down the pledging. it may  be difficult to notice, being 5x subscribed but perhaps their would have been even more enthusiasm.
hey.....the numbers are going the wrong way....what's the deal?
......if there were another 500 neil ponos we would be there by now.....4,$$$,$$$.....
@gary craig: oh yeah! the young clan hail from the same part of our green and pleasant land as my lot do, along with the mass migrations to n.america & canada over the centuries i wonder if scotland can add this to the list of things invented by scots! :) i fear you may be correct on the independence vote however but you never know its for us to win and the rest to lose. alba gu bràth ; )
douglas. as i sit here in scotland... re scottish independence, neil will make sure you get all deliveries via flying pigs....aint gonna happen, worry not.
ok! so the music store will be fine for us in the uk but what happens if the country of scotland votes for independence on the 18th september and i don't get my pono till october? :)
60 more vip dinners & some black & white tees. that's priorities for you. whatever brings in the most cash eh?
come on 4 million!  i want to see the numbers flip, a vp dinner or two and it's a done deal :)
would like to see an r.e.m. edition. their albums in hd would be gold.
@ian kendrick -  thanks ian!  many moons ago i had a linn sondek, all the high end equipment and have not heard anything better since.  i'm looking forward to the experience.
everyone hold your breath for the next milestone - $4 million and 12,000 backers!
@barry simon - if implemented well, hi res digital gets close to vinyl. it can equal it and sometimes better it. i use a high end (ish) turntable (michell gyrodec with all up to date mods / modified rega arm/dynavector low output moving coil, all with high quality wiring) and using mobile fidelity and similar vinyl, hires digital is sometimes better, sometimes not so. but it is no longer an issue as far as i am concerned. and that is from a portable hi res digital audio player. applies to 24 bit 96 khz recordings, not just 24/192. and i am pretty fussy when it comes to sound. have been waiting for this to happen for a long time.  as for warmth and depth. that depends on the kind of vinyl sound you like. what i do like about hi res digital is that there is no harsh edge to it at all. lots of detail and depth but no hard edge. i still like vinyl and have no plans to get rid of my collection or turntable.  as for whether pono will deliver the kind of sound quality i am used to form hires digital, we will have to wait and see. i have pledged for mine, even though i already have a player. i think what neil and the team are doing is important - will let more people hear the music, not the technology.
i was watching a recent esquire interview with neil, and one of the things he mentioned is that if you buy music with pono and at some point pono receives a higher quality version, you get access to that copy at no additional charge. it will be interesting to see if this refers to official reissue/remaster jobs (as opposed to just higher resolution transfers), which would be pretty sweet - possibly a first? for example, if you bought all your springsteen albums on itunes, and then new remasters hit, i think you have to repurchase to get the new masters (correct me if i'm wrong). i think that approach would serve music lovers and audiophiles much better, if we got that guarantee. but either way, i'll be buying it up like crazy.
all i can say is neil is one truly very, very good individual.  what he has done for music over the years, including this new project, is really something else.  thank you neil for all the incredible music and for what you are now doing to make music sound the best it can, and always remember to keep on rockin' in this world and beyond as we all hope to do.
how close is this technology to the warmth and depth of vinyl?
@creator just one more thing (like it or not)... a pono-payoff which i had in mind when i pledged: "the true sound of humanity".
@mirko i can only give you an answer in relation to my ak120 in terms of what it does for cd quality sound i.e. from lossless flacs made by ripping ordinary cds using dbpoweramp. the answer is that it reveals things on cds that i have never heard before, despite having many dacs from meridian over the years. i also use a cambridge stream magic 6 which has wolfson dacs and it leaves that for dead, same for an arcam cd37 - a £1300/$2000 cd player. the difference isn't subtle either. it is night and day. the ak120 has dual mono wolfsons in it, how they compare with the sabre dac in the pono we will have to wait and see. will also depend on the quality of the headphone amplifier in the pono too. headphones use are etymotic er4p with custom moulds, sennheiser hd600 and klipsch x10is.
for any other fans of led zeppelin, it looks like the stars have really aligned in terms of timing. they recently announced the first round of led zeppelin remasters are to be released in june, and 24/96 tracks are part of the super deluxe editions. here's hoping we'll see zeppelin in the pono music store. and a jimmy page signature model would be pretty sweet too!
@creator, is it so hard to just answer in all honesty when questions are thrown at you ( both private and out in the open)? if i may say so, music lovers are generally people with warmer and probably more forgiving hearts then those who don't give a f#ck. you have spawned the pono community, and we are here to support you. interact please! you're beginning to waste a golden chance on truly making things happen. i'll stick by this initiative, but i'd love to be just as proud as when i first discovered (and shared) neill's sound many years ago. don't make sounds like any odd corporation, please!
i'm curious how the pono will increase the quality of the music.  currently i have high end headphones (even more expensive than the pono :d) but the high end player ist missing....hope this change soon.
cheers mate
i have yet to hear. i will post here if/as soon as they respond. 500-800 charges = up to 2 years frequent use. in 2 years this might be deemed obsolete? i hope not.
let us know rich heart please.  worrying.  i hate worrying
must admit i dont like the sound of the 800 charges then dies battery bit.  pledged for the ny ltd chrome job, that i spose will make a nice door stop.  sort that please nice pono people
i liked the weird al le request.....give us all that accordion can give.
come on pono! let's see the springsteen le!
i just read the message from the "creator" 11 hours back and have to respond. see....what you do is repeat the question before giving your response.....if you feel it's necessary you can refer to the quest by date and time and person..... the giant question right now seems to be: is the battery replaceable by the ponee or just by the ponor......if it hasn't been decided yet just say so.
+! -> joe wood i have pm'd pono on this, but no reply so far
@hope clary: i assumed as much. :-) i just wanted to clarify that, at least as far as many of us are concerned, "user serviceable" is all we require, which is perhaps a lot different than "easily replaceable". i don't mind using tools to have to open it as long as there's an approved way to do so.
just jumped in, can't wait to get my pono. only one comment: please, don't use dhl for the shipping.
@joe wood yes, that's what i want to know- can the device open to swap batteries?
@ ian kendrick  ian where are you buying your hi res cds/downloaads at the moment? i've bought mostly some from linn, and the quality is always good. one of the better known retailers who claim to supply hd downloads have earned themselves the reputation of on occasion upscaling to 96khz from 44khz material, or even from mp3s. that kind of thing messes up credibility. their reply to queries is that they are retailers, they do not check what their suppliers provide them and caveat emptor. an entirely satisfying answer! imagine a pharmacist or a food retailer behaving similarly.
not sure if this will help with battery questions, but i did ask the pono team how many cycles the battery can be charged before it is dead and was told 500 to 800 cycles.
also of possible relevance to the battery question is how the ponoplayer deals with usb charging - if it is intelligent about charging the battery and using the usb power to run the device when the battery is charged (i.e., using external power when it doesn't need it to charge the battery, as opposed to using usb power *only* to charge the battery), then one could prolong battery life with an external charger as well as run the device with an external battery if the internal one dies. not the ideal solution, but infinitely better than a device that becomes unusable within a few years when the battery dies.
as far as the user serviceable battery is concerned, it looks to me, based on the "ponoplayer electronics, early prototype. may 2013" image (main ks page), that the battery is a fairly standard round cell (they even mention using "a large cylindrical battery"), likely with a non-soldered connection. assuming that the case is not glued shut, it would seem to me that most users with even a modicum of know-how could replace the battery fairly easily, so, to me, it all rests on whether the case can be opened without damaging the pono.
@ron thomas same to you :)
@bryn. that is an interesting piece. there are patterns by which innovations become adopted that do not seem to be well understood, although they are the bread and butter of the tech world. two key words here are discontinuous innovation (moore/chasm) and disruptive innovation (christensen).  apple seems to understand these patterns better than anyone else at the moment and they are mighty clever and actually put it all into action. their timing is immaculate and bold if you look through these lenses at the moves they have made. in this context, pono is not an technical innovator. there is nothing new in the player from what i can see. apart, possibly, from the digital filter, which sounds interesting enough and is probably what is behind their claims of best sound. and the combination of components they have put together.   but that isn't the point. the category of daps has reached a point where the fantastic benefits of them are now clear. a&k, hifiman and others have shown how brilliant they can be - and their appeal was only to those people who will buy at a high price when it is all a bit unproven as far as the masses of folk are concerned. it is all for the geeks. or is it nerds? pono is about the next stage, where those who will wait until something is proven, the price comes down and people they trust are saying this is the way of the future, arrives. that is exactly where this is at. the musicians are claiming back their sound, neil is hugely trusted, the price has come down. now it is safe for them to jump. and jumping they are. or should i say we are.  all power to neil and his compatriots' elbows. the nerds or geeks (like me for instance) will still have our a&ks and turntables and valves. but when i see the look on visitors faces when they hear what hi res can do it tells me that there is a vast market out there. it just sounds like music again, not hifi. when i play my a&k through my specialist expensive hifi system it is gob smacking. right now i am listening to it through a small marantz desktop system that costs a few hundred $s. it sounds gob smacking too. because, as all hifi enthusiasts know, the source component is the most important. put good stuff in and it will come out of the other end. that is what pono is about - giving us all good stuff to listen to and feed us and our systems. we used to have it with vinyl - as long as you had a fairly expensive deck (few did), with a good system to play it through (few did) and records in good condition (few did). you don't need any of that palaver any more to get music out of a pair of speakers or headphones. and there are many many people who, once they have heard it will go for it. but when neil and his musicians say so, they will believe them, far more than any sony or apple or warner brothers.they are in it for the money. neil and co make music because, well, they just have to, whether it makes money or not. that is why we love them and listen to them. and trust them.
@hope clary you are absolutely correct. i hope it is user serviceable. anyway, take care.
what is up with all these grampa bands i'll die if they don't come out with the bieber pono he is so much better than those other pono's!!!!!!!!
@ron thomas then that needs to be stated, because even though this champaign is at 11,718 backers, it's not all for players.. i can walk into an apple store to do that, but sadly even if this hits 10 mil it won't be that type of volume. so we need the @pono team to address this valid question on battery so we know if it's serviceable or we're able to maintain the device ourselves for continuous play.  this isn't a hard question to answer unless they're still in deliberation about it.
i second @bryngriffith! @edmundduck this campaign needs you.
quite an interesting view on the likely success of this project ... http://www.digitaltrends.com/music/neil-youngs-pono-hi-def-mp3-player/#!aa88m
on a iphone you have to bring it in for service. therefore, on pono if not customer changeable? then you send it in for a replacement battery. the design of the pono player, may not allow customer access to replace battery. also, pono might not want customer access to inside unit.
replaceable batteries would be awesome! are you guys getting answers from your direct messages to pono? i asked my question the day the kickstarter project opened, and i haven't heard back from them yet ...
having an easily  removable  battery would give them such a leg up on the completion  along with the current feature of swappable  storage.
@treatise i agree with you 100%! and i'm not sure i know what instances you're referring to.. but there are some people who bash, and some who have legitimate questions. i'm also very interested in the battery question myself! @pono team- can i gain access to the rechargeable batteries to replace them when they die, and are unable to be recharged?
@ivan. it isn't the pono team that edmund is talking about....
hi ivan, don't be offended. i was only wielding my micro-dac file around like an inflated delta-sigma because i'm bit of a square wave who loves tiny components. if only there was a naked girl over on the side of this webpage who would respond to my macrodynamic attack and shiver a little harmonic distortion out of her mulit-bits in my direction i'd feel justified in showing off my 24/192 sensitivity, because i'm a guy with an ultrasonic intermodulator knob that i know how to twiddle for maximum transient resolution. never fails to impress the ladies. after all, as sting said, if you don't pronounce pono correctly, you end up in a different camp altogether. dirty sound, heheh, and i know you know what i mean. but hey, ivan, mate, pal, my audio compadre, you stick with the uber-nerds, i'll stick with the horizontal soul groovers, and we'll all be hunky dory. looking forward to my t-bone, i hope you're looking forward to your mashed potatoes, bro. ed
<3
@tjc.   i dare you to drop your pledge.
waiting my ny signature édition 10/2014 that is going to be long ! arnaud from france
@edmund duck >seem to be ridiculing pono before the team has even had a chance to launch its first generation model, especially the endless demands on specs made with a vaguely unpleasant threatening quality. lol what? what threatening quality? do you think they blindly develop a hifi dap without technical measurements? maybe they are even randomly buying components? why do you even bother throwing a buck in their wallet? :) simply put, you don't get the idea of 99% request-posts here at all.
thanks uncle neil and the pono team! can't wait to get my pearl jam pono and rock out like never before.
can edmund duck please post here every few hours just to brighten my day while i'm stuck here on the sofa getter bigger.
come on u2 get on board and help us see a 4 million leaf clover on saint patricks day!!!
duck 1) it's cdo, don't you know the order of the alphabet. 2) at the end of the day your contribution to this project is: "i will accept what i get and say thank you."  those who ask questions and make requests, whether you agree with them or not,  whether these influence the end product or not, contribute to the project process.
@edmund i'm also a backer for the songs of blind willie johnson kickstarter campaign. that one has tom waits and a lot of other musicians supporting it. perhaps we should join forces and get a blind willie johnson le made form the wood of his burned out house, like the plectrum i'll get as part of my pledge to that project? or, seriously, get pono to work with that ks project to get hi-res versions of the songs of the album? only saying...
uk backers, you realise you'll have to pay import vat and duty plus a 'non-sterling' fee from amazing for processing your payment
no not yet i'll keep you in suspense but will drop my pledge before noon
obvious way to many lemmings on this one hope everyone get what they want in the end. watch closely and see when i let the ny signature edition hope one of you guys gets it and has fun
@edmund, the guys that amuse me are the bloggers who have "reviewed" the pono player via esp, now that's a feat!
hi treatise, i wholeheartedly agree; it is disgusting how those asking so many ocd questions seem to be ridiculing pono before the team has even had a chance to launch its first generation model, especially the endless demands on specs made with a vaguely unpleasant threatening quality. you're quite right to be upset. i only hope, in a reasonable way, that in terms of heavy rock we are offered something more serious and hard core than those new wave grunge prats metallica; it would be fantastic if we could have some swedish double-dare death acts in there, or my favourite african post-death voodoo speed band, or even those icelandic green metalers ratchet & screw. there's a lot of us hardcore fans who are gonna feel pretty stupid when we show our friends our little pussy metallica les if pono don't front up with something a little more warlike and nasty. or maybe just some good ole homespun american country blues, you reckon? what say mississippi john hurt? blind willie johnson? blind wilie mctell? blind mcpants johnson? furthermore, given that all the good evil metal originates in the farflung reaches of the eu, it's only fair that pono better consider the logistics of sending players overseas where us hardcore blues dudes reside. i have a friend who does a special import business whereby he re-routes excessive duty through a tax consumption avoidance mechanism and brings in technology via a euro-to-euro currency bypassing channel via austria to finland to the baltics to crimea and back to france. works like a dream. again, if pono would only listen to me, i'd act as go-between.  this could fix the issues with pono's dynamic range as well. as for batteries, after i've listened to some hardcore manowar, i like to indulge in a bit of assault and battery myself. my wife doesn't like it much, but she's a chick. what would she know about technological obsolescence? peace out buddy ed
keep this in perspective folks ... neil young is "bluto" & pono the "deathmobile" to the streaming status quo :) http://m.youtube.com/watch…
it is frankly disgusting that people asking legitimate questions get attacked, ridiculed or dismissed by the "community" here. it is perfectly reasonable to expect a complete and well though out product out of the gate. just because everyone else makes incremental iterations of their gizmo every year or two doesn't make that the only or the best way to do it. being a photographer, back in the day you could buy a camera and it would last you decades. i still use a camera from the 60s, and a lens from the 20s. releasing beta versions of products and having people pay for the privilege of testing out incomplete gadgets is a very new phenomenon. i'm not saying ponoplayer has to be perfect or futureproof - i understand that technology advances. but planned obsolescence is not the way to go, and backers asking about battery life and user replaceability is a legitimate question. note that i am not new to ks, and get exactly what it is for, and the risks it entails. some of us just don't have 300+ usd to throw at a player which might be useless in just two years if the battery dies and can't be replaced by the user, for example. for those a response on user serviceability and battery life is a critical question.
it would be great to have removeable battery so the player can last even longer.
keep off the grass. please don't feed the ducks.
@edmundduck that was really hilarious. you caught well up the spirit of the question and suggestions over here, but i am afraid that someone will pick up that micronesian battery thing....
@edmund: spot on. could not agree more!
dear pono,  i sent these questions 314 times to you directly but i keep getting ignored. perhaps if i do it here in public, you'll be shamed into answering me. do you have a teeshirt in size xxxxl.5 - that's a half size before xxxxxl - because i think by the time october rolls around i'll have put on a little more weight, stuck as i am, here on my sofa unable to move. do you think you could reposition the wording on the teeshirt or make it bigger so that none of it gets tucked under my flab folds? will there be a tag on the inside back of the teeshirt? i don't like tags, they scratch my neck. could you have the tag cut off before sending please? that yellow is a little bright. do you think the teeshirt could be washed a few times to give it a nice fade? will the neil young model have a silver-sheered 18.6 graded polish sheen like the finish of a new chrome bumper? will it include the signatures of every musician neil's ever worked with? because you did say that the whole band would sign, and from what i can tell, "neil young" is more than just an individual, and i don't believe he's ever released a truly "solo" solo album, so that would only be fair to those other musicians who've worked with him to include their names with his. i know a guy in france who does micro-engraving, even though on his website he's pictured with a mini-engraver, i think he can do micro-engraving which means you could probably fit up to 300 names if you use both sides of the module. will my battery's expected life be enhanceable with a 2.1 battery adapto-power injection kit? because those batteries are being developed in micronesia with a release date of may 2015. if you put back the pono release date a few months you could include that. my uncle's pet monkey half brother has a friend who's sister was once married to the cousin of her next door neighbour micronesian stepdaughter - so i have a contact and, well, if you like, i could be a part of the team. could you get me a weird al yankovic signed model? reportedly he's working on a new song called "pono gives me a bono" right now.
may we recommend that everyone refer to the faq and project updates for answers to many of the questions posted here. we try to bundle repeated questions and answer them in updates every few days. unfortunately, the comments area is not well suited for responding to questions as the answer is not tied to the original question.  alternative, please send us a private message which can be responded to directly.  you're more than welcome to share the answer here with everyone. we really appreciate all your support and are amazed by your enthusiasm.  all the phenomenal support motivates us to work even harder for the pono movement.
you da man, edmund:)
say what you feel edmund. go go!! seriously though, this is a new project so give the team some slack. expect problems along the way as all projects have issues.
pono! 1. i want a gobbledegookerizer attached to mine. it's not good if the flabber jibs when the shokkie mutater faggles shiznit oof my dard larse first world problem me me me-ness, myself and what i want, and what i want. 2. do you have faunt? that's a color halfway between purple and lavender which is a little flowery in tone and has a softening quality that retards my social and mental development. please please make a pono in faunt. 3. what about the ohm resistance capacitator? is it audio high end output jackoff 2.8 cable thickness stereo to dork converter compatible? are there flounce doncers with an ed to hv mike simulation output rate, and if no space left in the package, can't you just donk me one? 7. is there room for a fifteen hundred gig dick drive? will it fit in the post, vat free? will i pay only an extra 15% for my sonic filtering studio micro loser? am i jumping jibber? do i have a hasbeen splattered on my face? is the sampling rate that of a saliva victim sponsoring performance quality of space 1 times  63 dribble testing? please please pono, answer these questions, and neil young, i'd take his garbage out for a battery phono out line replacement sixteen bit 84 rated groove schtick. thanks ps. sorry if i seem a bit of a jerk. i'm addled self-important, i'm a backer, i'm your nightmare fan in blitherama.
and i have six of them because a few years back you could pick them up on ebay pretty cheap i have put 80 to 120 gb hard drives in them batteries are still available and easily replaced
@jim humphry didn't have an ianything it was a pjb-100 made by compaq computer than sold to hango cost was over 350 bucks had 4.86 gig hard drive that was std and easily upgraded as larger drives cam on market it played mp3 that you could rip cd's as high as 320 knits and 44.1 sampling rate s/n ratio 90db and total distortion less than 0.1 i have six of them and they work fine and while normal mp3 might be recorded at 90 to 128 when i recoded most stuff at 320 sound was incredible. the firmware was upgradable and they were big 6*3*1 and about 10 ounces  not as good hopefully as this will sound but built to last and i still use them it came out in jan 2000 and poorly marketed they are no longer made and supported by a small group on the internet and the software will not run on win 7 or 8  yes i am expecting a perfect model right out of the gate i am not expecting a dog as you put it and the folks building it should know what they are doing. i hope it performs as well.  so what is the point of your question any how and what does it have to do with this project. thier are as you put it a million questions can you answer any of them??? i didn't think so.
hey tjc (and everyone with the million questions), how much did your i-something cost you, and how long did it last before it crashed or you voluntarily traded up in response to apple marketing and what sort of sound quality did you get out of it while you had it?  neil's little puppy costs $300 unless you want the bling of the silver signed edition.  isn't the idea of a kickstarter campaign to get a new idea up and running (even if there may be a second or third generation of the product at some future time that may be in some way superior) and not to expect a perfectly formulated model right out of the gate, still at that $300 price point?
in addition to my question: "can you consider an upgrade to phono line-out sockets?" someone asked: "or will the headphone socket be replaceable?" this and the question on if the battery will be standard/user replaceable, are all questions that are worth answering on here, please pono
i'm eyeing up one of the remaining artist signature series because i'm digging the chrome finish. i'm just wondering if it's going to be akin to my chrome-backed ipod classic that's a sucker for scratches and fingerprints. i'm also excited to see a front view of the chrome finish, as well as the leather case. all in good time, i suppose. long live pono!
@tjc. i asked pono how many cycles the battery could be charged , and they told me 500 to 800 cycles. obviously if anyone wants an answer to any question you might as well tap the contact on the ks page.
@creators, please answer our questions! i understand that you have a lot to deal with but with so many backers and such as successful campaign, you must up the efforts from your end. i'm one of the early backers, but being opaque is not giving me (& many others) a good vibe..
it would be cool if pono offered a 2xl sized shirt when you make a $50 contribution.  i made a $50 contribution, but i'm not going to be able to fit into the xl pono shirt, which is the largest shirt offered.  thus, i can't advertise pono.
@tjc  def a fair question.  don't know the answer.
@dave they say it will last about 8 hours but batteries can only be recharged so many times then they are no good if that is 300 times this thing will only last about a year. that is why i asked if it's can be replaced or do you throw the $400 player in trash
@tjc, it is the same but you asked about the battery life so i didnt know if you had seen it.  they list the expected batt life.  don't discuss if its replaceable but im guessing its not replaceable.
@dave friedman looks like the same faq as on the home page here or did i miss something
@tjc some of your questions can be found on the faq section here  http://www.ponomusic.com/#home
being a curmudgeon, it is great to see younger people discovering the music of the 60's and 70's.  it was a magical period in history.
@pono what is the expected life of the battery and can it be replaced when it goes bad
(it was a while ago, i'm not sure if it was on pono site, but i'm sure it's old stuff...)
search pono images on google...a lot of blue, but all old info
i saw that blue pono on ponomusic.com. she is not ahead of us, that's an older picture. maybe it will be a blue pono next few days, but i believe they were just testing...
stella blue catchy
"i’ve only ever heard of crosby, stills & nash and i didn’t know of the name young ever being in the picture, but then again i’m only 23 years old!"
@paula candelot i didn't see it on ponomusic which page was it on
interesting to notice that a 23 old girl who never heard of neil young (her words on her blog) is backing pono. pono is not only for neil's fans as we are. :)
@robert mais i know i saw she is pushing the blue ones on her website  not sure who is in charge now but i like the blue ones @stela can i get a blue one to
the blue pono appears at ponomusic site...i believe they did it and after decided to keep only black and yellow
@tjc. this is the link. http://musicrowgirl.com/2014/03/12/what-is-the-pono-player.
@tjc. three days ago stella posted in the comments section a link to a review of the pono, and it showed a depiction of a blue one.
a small country like belgium's got more than chocolate & waffles. antwerp represent.
@stella where do you get a blue pono?
@pono faster response? why don't you just answer the comments here sending private messages what is the reasoning? you have a great product i see lots of questions that have not been answered i didn't ask them but i am interested in the responses. so should i and everyone else copy the questions and start privately sending them to you seems like that would bog down the response even more.  i think your product is great but i have questions on many things and they have not been answered.
15 > 776
i estimate that this campaign will hit 12 million!  keep on rockin in the free world :)
does pono work with sonos.
representing maui, where being pono is a way of life !  mahalo neil and company for being pono to our ears, long may you run !!
i've been following neil's pursuit for a few years now and i'm quite excited that it has finally materialized! i've a few questions:  - is there a page on ponomusic.com where i could see the artists already signed up so that i as a fan could request my favorite artists to join this movement. - are you signing up international artists like sigur ros, a r rahman?  - will you have a radio feature akin to itunes radio, but which streams high-res media, down the road? this could be made available from your website or android/os apps.
could i use uk, usa, canada eshop from eu? thx and make more colours. :)
will the rhcp pono have john frusciante's autograph on it? and will there be a soundgarden one??
@pono. you really mean laser engraved signature and not real signatures, right?
thanks for the updates. the pono backers' community is keenly following the news and developments on the project. can you clarify if the initial stores in the us, uk and can will only serve residents in those specific countries or if it is possible for a resident of another eu country to purchase from the uk/us/can stores. if this is not yet known, just keep us updated. thanks!
to address another commonly asked question, we plan on having all limited edition band ponoplayers to have signatures from all the members of the band, not just the lead singer.  thanks for you support.
has anyone figured a way to get notified whenever a new le is announced? rhcp has still not been mentioned in the updates, for example, so one could easily miss when they are added. i'd hate to miss on the b.b. king or manowar le, which i'm sure will be coming ;)
hy, i am from germany and hope that this big market will bei supported by pono very soon. in the mein time i will listen to the songs dekiverded by the silver pono. so pono team add germany to your list. the frank
since this question has come up several times, we need everyone to be aware that the ponomusic store will be launching in us, uk, and canada in october 2014.  we're planning to expand internationally beyond that.  thanks everyone for your support.  every pledge counts and our campaign is being watched carefully by many influential people in the music world.  long live pono revolution!
i would love to see some answers to  ivan charodei questions. "the world’s best sounding portable digital music player." - well, of course you can't document that and in norway you would not have been allowed to promote your product like this.
@peter beck it took apple almost ten years to negotiate eu-wide distribution for itunes music. sony and many others still don't have that, ie. each country has their own selection - or no online store at all. so if ponomusic is not available at launch in your country, i would have almost zero hope that it will be available in the foreseeable future.
i definitely don't have a lot of money. i'll be saving everything i get for the next 30 days to afford my pledge.
i have emotionally pledged for a csny pono. logically i can stream hi-res flac to one of three hi-res, high quality dacs i already have :)
perhaps neil's fans have proportionally more passion rather than more money. i can't rationally afford my pledge, but emotionally it's a bargain.
one interesting note now that pono is already the 7th most funded kickstarter ever. the six at the top all have 60k+ backers. pono so far has 11k+. you could perhaps say that it only shows that neil young fans each have more money. but it also shows that what we could describe as a huge success is not enough to make this a viable enterprise by itself. 9k+ ponos is not enough to sustain any kind of hi-res store (i know you won't need a player to buy in the store). at least not in such a way that every album new and old would eventually be released in this way. we obviously can't know what numbers the company is aiming for but i can't imagine they don't hope to sell in the hundreds of thousands each year once they go retail. so get your friends and family to buy one too. it will be very important for the future of hi-res music.
any one that likes music listen to it the right way,good sound and all the info in the music not like mp3.......this is great news that we can hear digital in it's fullest, i only listen to vinyl but now i will listen to pono high rez music in my suv with a very high end stereo.....
how do you find out you number
just wondering, as a uk backer, whether the pono music store will be able to support downloads to non-us territories, as i know that rights issues can be a problem. hdtracks is only now just about to become available to uk subscribers. so i'm hoping that downloads from pono will be sorted for us. thank you.
my gf just got me a signed poster for my bd!  i wouldn't be playing and writing music the way i do if it were not for neil young's influence and other artist that allow the spirit of their art to flow through them freely.  that is the high...to wonder..wow, where did that come from!!!  go neil & friends :)
yeehah! in at #32, my new lucky number! very very happy.  a lifetime of music all started for me when i bought after the goldrush aged 18. lots of good stuff has come my way since but neil and atgr in particular have always been at the top of the tree for me. i'll try and not be too start struck - although i remember the late great john peel couldn't speak in the late 70s when he met a set of working class set of belfast lads who went by the name of the undertones who just happened to be his own personal heroes at the time.
33 is a good number...a good sign :)
thank you ponomusic team. i'm really looking forward to an epic evening and a lifetime of listening to music the way the artists intended it to sound.
sorry scott, i want ny
13
doh! i guess i read that wrong :)
i've just pledged $5.00 usd. i'm looking forward to hearing a wide range of my favourite artists in high resolution. even high resolution music could sound bad if mastering badly, so it's important that all high resolution music on sale is mastered with very little or no dynamic range compression used, and eqing should be applied to enhance certain areas of the music only when necessary to improve the sound of the original master tapes. thank you.
ron yes i have a csny and would trade it for a ny but not sure how we would manage it? scotty
hi all, yes, we did intend to limit the $5000 new york-edition reward to 30, but there seems to have been a fluke in the process. we will honor the 3 others who pledged this reward before we realized the error and fixed it. we are working to answer all of your questions. however, for a faster response, we suggest you send us a private message as we can respond to those individually, and we are working through them multiple times a day. have a lovely sunday!
@tom agree dinner at the garden would be fantastic especially if neil brings the band and hops up on stage and plays a few sets sell out for sure
anyone willing to trade csn&y  for ny pono player
@someone  i guess the point is this started as a big bang and looked like it would be the biggest kickstarter ever. the initial push always does drop off as you said. the numbers look like they dropped faster than most. i hope this is a big success i've seen to many things come and go fast. betamax was far superior to vhs tapes but it never took. they seem to know music and good quality sound. the magazines and late night will of course help but constant communication to backers i think would also help. let's hope as they say in the music business that this is not a one hit wonder let's have a macarena pono
unicode support - this is very big for me. please please please make sure non-english scripts will display properly as a lot the world listens to music in other languages and i don't see pono as limited to the us / uk.
stax sr-009  headphones
it would be nice to know if seats will be limited as promised at the ny dinner. it makes a huge difference between 30 people and unlimited. perhaps the dinner will be held at madison square garden. i would prefer being able to add a guest for a couple thousand more to making the dinner open ended. we all want neil to succeed, but hopefully it's done in a fair manner.
guys please check out my informational blog if you have questions about pono! http://musicrowgirl.com/2014/03/12/what-is-the-pono-player/
@ivan don't hold your breath on quick answers from these guys this is not a typical kickstart where they communicate with us very much  you have 30 days to get your answers they said they would post results give them some time
@ian kendrick  agree etymotic er4p don't get much better have not tried the custom molds. for over the ear i'll still go back to some vintage koss
thanks blair. hopefully i'll hear from someone "in the know" as to whether or not more than 30 folks are going to be accepted at the second new york event.
multiple units pretty sure you need separate email address which is no real problem
bryn i wouldn't worry too much. i'm sure they'll figure it out for you. there's 30 days to go and i'm sure they're not gonna let anyone willing to spend $5000 loose out.
@bryn, you can pledge for two items but you need to sign up with two different addresses, though both may connect through to the same amazon account. then use your second login to pledge anew. by all means, sign up ten times and pledge for ten players.
i am indeed no. 31! hopefully i'll get some clarification soon as coming from the uk this is not going to be cheap. seems odd that you can't pledge for 2 items really.
@bryn, your original pledge is vanquished in light of the new pledge which include a pono player. however, if you have just finished changing the pledge in the past ten minutes, then i see you are the 32nd person to sign up for an event that was supposed to be limited to 30, which begs the question, will your pledge still count? precarious position to be in!
bryn the first pledge should just disappear. you'll get a pono at the dinner i guess since it's included. unless you're the number 31 backer there in which case you might have to settle for a mcdonalds meal with a roadie i guess ...
tjc what's your point regarding pledges slowing down? take a look at any of the most popular projects and see that that's what happens every time. the only time there are significant up tick again after the first couple of days is if there are some major media stories so millions of people that may have missed the initial launch finds out. while 'we' might want a small trusted audio mag to do some reviews asap the best thing the team could do right now is to get some major media eg new york times, rolling stones etc to report on actually using the pono. the other thing the could do is to get on jimmy fallon or another late night show. without any of those this will end at 5-6 millions. with some more major media it could hit 10 million. either way great result.
@ivan zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
hi,    this has probably been asked before, so apologies. i pledged $415 dollars for a pono a couple of days ago. i have just changed my pledge to $5000 to go to new york to meet the great man himself. does anyone know what has happened to my original pledge? thanks, bryn
i use sennheiser hd 25-1 ii headphones.  they sound great, have been around for many years and practically every part can be fixed.
@randy, my guess is that yes, it's limited to 30 but someone forgot to program the limit onto the pledge, which means #31 & any extras may get bumped.
can i suggest the new philips fidelio l2. they're semi open but sound great. i prefer them to my sennheiser momentums
for those considering buying sennheiser momentum headphones, they're on sale at amazon.de with 219€ for the black ones. much cheaper than amazon.it or amazon.fr ,so you might want to order these from germany.
i would be extremely happy if they were able to ship from cork, ireland as i live there and would have next to no waiting time!
with the dinner/listening party @ half moon bay limited to (30) one would assume.............
is not the dinner/listening party in new york limited to (30) backers, as noted in the updates? the update certainly suggests (if not states) that the number of backers would be limited to (30) will this just be an open ended number, with as many backers as are willing to pledge, be the final number? if so aren't we changing horses mid stream? only trying for some clarification.
headphones...   there are so many. i have used sony, sennheiser hd600, klipsch, denon in ear, grado, bose sound cancelling, all sorts. depends if you want over ear or in ear types mainly. and then whether or not you want ones that block out noise and don't disturb anyone else.  i have settled on etymotics, have had 3 pairs of er4ps in the last 10 years. 1st pair got stolen, second pair got damaged. each time i looked at other designs that were the hot thing at the time but kept conning back to the etys. last time round i invested in having custom moulds made for them. the difference was amazing. with a hi res player the experience is like nothing else. the main criticism of the etys is that they are light on bass. this problem vanished when custom moulds are made - they cost me £60/$95, which sounds like a lot but now i can wear them all day long and soon forget they are there. the level of detail and dynamics is remarkably too. and etymotic have a great reputation for customer service, spares and so on.  they sound at least as good as my sennheisers but make absolutely no noise outside the ear so i know i am not disturbing anyone with them. i have no connection with etymotic or anyone who sells them, am just a very happy customer of theirs. worth checking out. they aren't cheap, but if you look at how much they cost over a few years, it isn't much. and if something happens to this pair, i'll jay get another set. my son has bose noise cancelling types and they are really good, better than other over ear types and great in noisy environments like planes and trains.
@peter - sorry. i probably would delete what i wrote below, in the interests of prudence (hey pono, can we have a white album + abbey road l.e.? :)), if i only could (or simon & garfunkel?)
@lika - i know, it sucks! hopefully we can both access ponomusic before too long after everyone else :) i would greatly appreciate your sources if you feel safe sharing them. @tom - personally i prefer denon and sennheiser headphones. they've been making them for a long time, and the sound isn't too "colored". they play what you have, for better or worse :)
@ivan zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
to ivan, if you do not like the idea of the pono, get yourself something you do like and stop bothering us believers!
zzzzzz zzzzzz zzzzzz
@ivan, "nothing was invented in the audio sphere in the last 30 years".  that is patently not true.  flac has not been around for 30 years, the internet as we know it was not around 30 years ago, sophisticated dacs were not around 30 years ago, there was no digital music streamer 30 years ago etc.
as the project managers are active but notoriously ignoring the very questions i open, responding only to the incredibly important cases like "can i chose an option with poster and t-shirt???", i'm gonna write down my thoughts in public once again, as these are the questions that trouble not only me, but, i suppose, ost of the audience. you are luminating condifence that your product will be superior on the dap market, still, you provide no evidence and do not even have a feedback form on your monosite for backers' questions. the only thing we are witnesses to is the celebrity video with, unsurprisingly, no technical info. this marketing strategy of praising the ignorance is pretty ridiculous. so, let us commence.  first, you write "the ponoplayer will certainly be recognizable on your desk as the unique product it is – the world’s best sounding portable digital music player." will it be really the best sounding dap in the world? that's highly surprising, as few even heavily modded commercial players can surpass widely acknowledged among lovers of high fidelity like the hifi ma9 or hifiman 801 player. price is not the point, as i will show a bit later.  the second question: both players i mentioned are built on a multibit dac, meaning they surpass any delta-sigma dac in naturality, attacks, macrodynamics and, most importantly, transient response. as a matter of fact, the last one is crucial - human ear will recognise instrumental timbres differently, if the musical player performs the attacks poorly. for example, a well known hifiman 601, built around old (and cheap, geez!) multibit tda1543, mantains superb perfomance thanks to its excellent transient characteristics. even though it has exceedingly high for a hifi player harmonic distortion - 0.05% (and it makes the sound a bit "dirty")- it sounds more natural, than daps built on delta-sigma dac. another example, the myst 1866 portative dac ocub (also built on multibit dac) has unparalleled transient characteristics (http://ozvuke.pro/index.php…), which, coupled with his very good overall perfomance (e.g. thd = 0.003%), makes its sound extremely natural and clear, and this is the reason why it is easily outperforming the two top-of-the-line dap i mentioned above. even more - makes it the best sounding portable device in the world. what makes you so confident that your pono will outmatch at least these two top daps, not to mention the myst ocub?  third question is a popular one: what is the need of the praised by marketologists 24/192? even if the human ear cannot distinguish between hi-res and 16/44.1, who will protect the customers from buying low-quality hi-res like described here http://archimago.blogspot.com.au/2014/03/follow-up-anomalies-in-becks-morning.html ? i mean, where is the guarantee that the record itself would be perfect?  and the last question - i would like you to announce to the people the technical measurements of your device, like those of myst ocub i linked above. that is, the harmonic distortion test, the frequency response test, intermodulation distortion test and transient response test on 10khz and 100hz square waves.  the last question is a crucial one, really - good technical parameters will say about your pono more that a thousand ads. and perhaps even more that a million ads, because technically good devices are valued very high among the people you consider as your target audience. this information should be of no secret, unlike the very components you chose (which is a know-how, of course), and i guess this info is what we all deserve. but, to be honest, nothing was invented in the audio sphere in the last 30 years, so the chosen components should also be theoretically of no secret to the world. i also do not believe that you have no technical measurements of your device, that would be nonsense - developing a high end gadget without technical data. this all looks like you have something to hide, or nothing to show, which is much worse. :) with best regards and great respect,  ivan
@peter selling music to other countries is sometimes very problematic. hdtracks and others don't sell to israel. it is possible to use various methods to purchase digitally copyrighted material that is not available. i suggest you google this. i use stuff, for my own personal use that is purchased at full price in the uk or the us and is unavailable in israel. it is a nuisance and i am sure that i will have little leg to stand on if the sellers decide to block my access. we are not yet at the "imagine there's no countries..... nothing to kill or die for, ... no religion too."  pono how about a john lennon l.e.?
@tjc - isn't a drop as such is just a slowing down of new backers i think. which will happen at some point. will be interesting to see where it ends up. still 30 days out of 35 to go...
thank you for the answers! i hope that they do as you say, and ship all of the artist editions regardless of whether or not they sell out... do you guys think that it will be a long time before additional music shops open in more countries? i couldn't imagine that it would require much in terms of negotiations, selling material they have have on hands, and letting the labels name the prices... another thing, do you think that they will allow you to buy music from the american/british ponomusic store if you're not from the native countries? have a great sunday!
wow look at the significant drop in backers http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/1003614822/ponomusic-where-your-soul-rediscovers-music/#chart-daily
the faq does not specify if the built-in software is updatable. i hope that any software problems that most probably will exist in the first generation player can be fixed through a simple software update?
@jarmo i contacted pono directly, and they said that the irish entity does not have facilities in ireland. nevertheless, they could outsource the fulfillment to amazon or another fulfillment service, like numerous other high-volume ks projects have done. shipping 10+k high-value items around the world is a major undertaking for a new company, so a partner who specializes in logistics would be advisable in general.
@jeff gemmill  if you do swap away from the csny  you currently have, would you consider swapping for ny csn first?  been looking for one to come up non stop for days now,  and if you're getting rid of it anyway... :)
i do think the player is a great idea. i just find it funny how most of the testimonials on how good it is comes from the bands who'll be selling their music and profiting on the ponomusic store. i haven't seen any 'joe public' reviews, unless i'm missing it
maybe i've missed it, but what bitrate will be used for the preloaded signature series albums? thanks
official word from the pono-team: limited edition pearl jam player will be signed by each band member! great news!
a le for iron maiden , or even steve harris himself would be an absolutely epic le that i would change my pledge to , or maybe slash , eluveitie , or other epic metal bands \m/ .
@treatise of course it hurts when you know that there will be 24% add on to the price (customs in finland). it would certainly help pono to get more backers from eu if they shipped it through cork, ireland for their european customers. after all the company is registered in ireland - amasing they have not chosen the service oriented approach here when they have the possibility to do this! but i guess it is bunch of engineers and not service oriented ppl working at the company ;)
@dennis no thanks. currently not backed at player level, waiting for ponomusic to do something about the eu shipping and tax issues as has been suggested several times (ie. use a fulfillment service). also, none of the les are for artists i'm a big fan of; i'm hoping there will be a b.b. king le, or a metal band other than the sellout metallica.
i was among the first 1000 backers and ordered, of course, ny edition. anyone else who have received trading / swapping requests of it after tweeting that s/he managed to get ny limited edition pono? it is hard to think i would ever consider trading this away, but would you? what would he your 'price' to trade limited edition ny pono away? or of you did not get your copy, what would you give from that?
i guess neil's table is bigger in new york.
i noticed that the additional "30 vip dinner and listening party with neil young: new york" noted in update # 3, has exceded 30 backers. should this not be listed as "all gone"???
57.91
@ian kendrick the phono section was good its the final amp that is bad i think i may be able to pull from those outputs hadn't thought of that thanks
@mark collins thanks for the info i did not see a link on your profile would like to get more info  i found a few boxes of old lp's at my dads house from 40's and 50's some are actually 78 rpm look like new but did not play any yet. so not sure what quality they may be.
i meant @tom glasstetter  sorry fred time for new glasses
@tom caron read the comments from posters and from pono they have suggested many and said they would post a list and offer some for sale
i am soooooo stoked about pono and i can hardly wait to hear some of my favorite tunes through it !!, i reserved the tp model. i see a huge market for the pono owners to get into, i.e companies to partner with for home and car audio set ups. i'll proly want to upgrade both to "keep up" with the sound quality i'm expecting to hear. going to see neil's solo show in la in a few weeks. nothing better than great sound !!!
now i'm going to be in the market for some good headphones.  any recommendations?
treatise i have csn want to trade for csny?
tubes are always better than solid state; analog always better than digital....i'm somewhat  incredulous that this needs restating here. that said, i cannot bring my amp or pre-amp or turntable with me....so what to do? turn to pono? as much as i love ny i would maintain that the speakers will be the limiting factor here, and for many that will be headphones hooked up to the pono. not sure what neil had in his car, but if i cam going to listen to music seriously, it is going to be in my listening room, not in my car. in my car i simply want convenience.
@denis - rega cd players *cut it* big time!
i see jackson browne now has a signature player. late for the sky is one of my all-time favorite albums, and has come to mean much more to me the older i've gotten - it blows my mind that he was, what?, in his mid-20s when he wrote/recorded it. i'll sleep on it, but i may well cancel my csny signature player and take that instead...
@ivan there is a "contact me" link right next to the pono icon on the right. too obvious a place for you? and i've contacted them, and received a response.
@dennis unfortunately the player doesn't matter if the music has been mangled due to loudness wars. the only way to get the dynamic range back is via re-mastering, and no matter how sophisticated your player is, poor mastering can't be fixed. here's hoping at least some pono music downloads are re-mastered with proper headroom.
pono is that best thing since dvds. i either listen to vinyl or dvds, cd's just don't cut it. masters have been used before to entice consumers, but this will be the first time they will be played back as intended by the artist. i cant wait to immerse myself once again with the richness of what music used to be.
@tjc - does your amp have a decent phono stage? if not you'll need a decent pre amp that does just to get the signal equalised and up to line level. that signal goes into a decent analogue to digital converter. i use an emu 404 which is ok - but no means the best and it only goes up to 24/96 but it does an ok job. then you'll need to split the single file into tracks, enter the meta data and declick if you need or want to. it is a fair amount of messing about, but the results can be worth it. my emu404 cost around $100 second hand as i recall. as i say, not the best. but is ok.
i think my last was @ tjc
i think my last was @ tjc
@ joshua , i use a hq ad converter to get my analog stereo mixers into any number of pro digital programs - mine does 24/192 some don't. i've done hq dsd from tape too that you can also convert to different formats later for pono playback etc. i don't want to name companies here but you may bec able to send me a private msg on my profile - i'm new to ks.
how will the group ponoplayers be signed? will the whole group sign? i.e. pearl jam, csy&n, foo fighers etc. or will it just be a random member? thanks.
@tjc i use dbpoweramp ver 13 happily with all versions of windows up to 8.1. the cds rip into a directory under the artists name from which i samba a copy onto my music hard disk. i use lms as a music server (via a wandboard with fedora, raspberry pi/sheevaplug with debian) with various squeezebox units (touch, classic, boom, duet)  as players feeding individual rooms. if you like linux, you could use e.g. vortexbox to rip to .flac and even as a full lms server. that is a long winded way of saying that i've used dbpoweramp quite a lot. i used eac a few years ago, but i've found dbpoweramp a lot easier and possibly complete.
i reckon dbpoweramp is the best ripper out there and their perfecttunes is good for sorting out missing artwork too, software to deduplicate as well. only works on pcs at the moment which is a pain - mac version coming soon i understand. i bought a cheap pc just for running the software, is that good.
any good recommendations for ripping vinyl i have a good turntable but the amp is only so so.  i've seen some convertor boxes that would go from turntable directly to pc either usb or firewire, but several hundred dollars has anyone used one. would the same be possible for a tape deck i have boxes of lp's and reel to reels and plenty of time to rip some before pono shows up in october
eac is a good and free flac ripper, i've used it for years.
@adrian power  your right and i have used dbpoweramp before i'll have to see if the version i have will load up on win 8  i was hoping that it would have a software like i had on my pjb-100 that would rip the tracks and download the titles directly to the pono in one step
thank you neil young and friends! as a young musician about to enter college this excites me because we have a console with analog capabilities in one of our rooms. it's amazing that this is happening and that people have a chance to help and play a part in keeping the analog sound alive.
thank you neil young and friends! as a young musician about to enter college this excites me because we have a console with analog capabilities in one of our rooms. it's amazing that this is happening and that people have a chance to help and play a part in keeping the analog sound alive.
@ivan. you go your way, i'll go mine.  i am a backer the project, as i understand it you are not a backer at all. i am also a strong advocate of crowd sourcing and funding (two different things). i am very happy with the spec of the first edition pono player and the plans for the software and download service as far as the information i have at the moment. it is enough for me to say yes and pledge my $415. i have been using digital media for over 40 years in one form or another and am happy that what the team are doing is ok. if you are not, that is your right. to use your own words, you seem to want to 'stir up some trouble', and seem proud of that. i do not. when i see something that i think needs clarification or that will make me not buy i have the freedom to do what i want.  but... as i keep saying, i have confidence in the integrity of neil and the team and what they are trying to do. if you do not, then why not show us how it should be done and do something better than they can do?
@peter beck you will get your arcade fire pono the project is funded.. it doesn't need to sell out for you to get it.
let's just wait with this whole pono thing. who knows? perhaps i'll buy one as soon as rev.2 is out (sees rhcp edition) goddamit guys!  ;)
@ian, nope, it is you who are missing. i advice you to re-read my posts. :) what i see in you folks is a sort of fanaticism, somewhat a rigorous attempt of outtalking me and a fruitless effort to find an excuse for the fact of your pledging. this is ridiculous - i am not against you, i am trying to make things work better. you have many questions, but only 10% (and most unimportant of them) were answered by dev staff. they have no feedback form, no contacts on ponomusic site, but this does not bother you, right? you will just fold hands and wait till october, right? oh wait, you can stir up some trouble and put pono staff to work, to make them design the device that you will truly adore, because it will be based on your requests. still you chose the first way. good luck then, i'll continue making requests anyway, for mine and other's sake. :)
the great thing about recording on tape apart from the fact that you don't need to stare at a computer screen all day is you have the choice to always go back to the original source of the music recorded .. 1/4" mono tube perhaps then stereo 1/4" .. 1/2" then 1" & 2" multitrack etc..  the same with digital recording - you can only take it back to the original source of the recording 16 bit then 24 bit dsd etc.  if you have ever been in a great studio & heard/felt that you can understand how exciting it is for the pono to come along so more people can get close to that feeling...  when i was first getting into playing & listening to the greats i would always think how amazing it would be to hear those original masters in those studios ..   i personally am very wary of spending money on digital gear but ponoplayer i'm very excited about..    my fellow pono backer family keep crunching those digital numbers while i go clean my tape heads.
@tjc dbpoweramp is excellent for ripping cds to .flac or whatever format lossy or lossless you want. it can also convert from one format to another.
i second the neil young and crazy horse player. how about bernard shakey?
@peter even if they are not all picked up, you should still get your's. the les are not dependant on being sold out. .
i hope the rest of these arcade fire editions are picked up. i really want mine! pono rocks!
any word on if the included software will rip cd's to flac directly to the pono or do we need something else like winamp
@ian.       perfect
12
@hope, @ivan - yep ron, hope is right alright. @ivan - when cd came along it was sold exclusively on the specs being fantastic - i was there at the time and did the first cd show on the radio in the uk. i think you are missing the point. you can talk specs all day long, only listening will let any of us know what it sounds like.  again - this is kickstarter - just get behind it or leave it alone. please.
@ hope clary. you are absolutely right!
neil young & crazy horse limited edition please.  rockin' with the horse on pono.
@ivan i know the definition of the context in which i used the word.. don't let my face fool you.. i have a sharp brain.. :) troll: submit a deliberately provocative posting to an online message board with the aim of inciting an angry response.
oops, i meant listen… not watch.
hey neil… just an idea… why not make the bridge school benefit shows available exclusively to pono owners. i've been to many of them and would watch them all again if i could. i got my pono csn after waiting too long (a day or two) deciding if i wanted the ny or csny.
@hope clary, since when being interested in some aspects of the device presented on the market is trolling, lol? do you even know the meaning of this word? :) @jim humphry, lol, what you are talking about is exactly the sound of hfm 601 - warm, dirty, somehow reminding of the vacuum tube amps. if you are looking into getting some oomph with pono - well, ok, but they are going to reinvent the bycicle then, and a pricy one. and you somehow don't get the point of my messages. i mean, a device can sound great, immensely great, and still have poor technical perfomance, but another outcome is also possible - poor sound with poor perfomance. on the other hand, any audio gadgets with perfect tech specs sound great. by providing "righteous" specs they simply minimize the chance that people will be deceived and everyone will know what they are investing into. to be honest, the only thing that holds me from thinking (yes, not purchasing, but thinking is more than enough, believe me) about purchasing this dap is scarce information which pono staff  is hiding. it disappoints me that all i see here is just a hipster's hysteria concerned of owning a device that is possessed only by a limited amount of people, no one is interested in possessing a product of great quality - all they want is some laser engraved autographs, lol.
when is the nyc dinner??
never mind. i thought they might further improve the design. but ny has actually answered my question in his interview with billboard: billboard: are you thinking about making any modifications or additions to the player, from the prototype or in the future? ny: nothing, no. this rollout of the player is a basic music player. we're not a phone . . . . everything else is taken care of at various levels of quality by other people.
from what i read, ayre was given only three, four weeks to finish the design. i am sure charles hansen is a genius (just see how he rebranded / reengineered a $500 oppo into a $10,000 dx-5, and people still buy that), but four weeks are a bit tight for a thoughtful design. now you've raised $3.5 mil., perhaps someone should check and see if the design could be further improved?
just got lucky & a pearl jam option came up.assuming as dana said,the other artists in the video come up as options in the next 30 days, i would have to register again with a different credit card if i wanted a second artist along with pearl jam correct? and,could i use my name again?
@jim - i'm with you 100%
interesting that the rhcp and jackson browne options just showed up with no update. i figure there will also be an emmylou harris option and most of the people that were on the video.
reading the financial aspect of some of the posts:  rich 'surely #1 is more valued than #486?' and 'perhaps the yellow ones will not make the post-ks market.  that would make them rather collectible.', and all the technical arguments and navel gazing, and demands for a personal response from pono to someone's hypo-techno concerns, i am reminded of how far the music game has come since back in the day.   neil talks in 'waging heavy peace' about sitting around with stephen stills and others, often stoned, listening to records over and over.  does any one else remember those times and the feelings and memories they created?  when each new album was like a key to another new place of wonder.  when you would share music (loan albums) and when friends would call you over and sit you down while they dropped the needle on some new disc they'd found and sometimes no words were spoken and the 17 or 20 minutes that passed before you needed to flip the disc or put a new one on seemed like forever?  and please don't reply that it must have been the ganga because these experiences happened just as often straight.  and the equipment we all used never cost more than a couple of hundred dollars. and i think that experience, not some long-cocking with technical statistics is what neil and pono are trying to bring back to us.  they are taking on the sonys and the apples with this endeavour and they are doing it with a player that right now costs 300 bucks.  if it was coming off the shelf at 30 grand,  maybe some of the wankers could dally longer on the specs. i applaud the focus and vision of a man who still remembers the purity of what the recorded music experience once was and is trying to re-introduce it to a generation of folks who have grown and are growing up without an inkling of what it was (and thanks to neil) could be.  his original name for his vision was puretone. sorry for the rant, but neil's book and the idea behind this ks have really stirred some memories of a time before individuals thought they knew everything about music and wanted everything to reflect their ideas. check out a dick cavett interview of janis joplin newly returned from a european tour.  she said the audiences didn't get into the music and were sort of floating above it.  thinking, not feeling it.  she said she needed to feel the music under her pick her up and get into her.  i'm not doing it justice but check it out.  fascinating. pono, you've crossed wastelands to get us this far.   i can't wait for oct and if your magic bullet is only amazing, and not world beating, i for one will not lose any sleep. peace out:)
thanks so much for the rhcp version, i think this one is going to sell out fast!
from the pshf: "the ponoplayer was designed with a “no compromises” approach to sound quality. we partnered with the engineering team at ayre (www.ayre.com) to include some of their world-class audio technology in our ponoplayer. the ayre team describes their contribution to the ponoplayer design as follows: • the digital filter used in the ponoplayer has minimal phase, and no unnatural (digital sounding) pre-ringing. all sounds made (including music) always have reflections and/or echoes after the initial sound. there is no sound in nature that has any echo or reflection before the sound, which is what conventional linear-phase digital filters do. this is one reason that digital sound has a reputation for sounding "unnatural" and harsh. • all circuitry is zero-feedback. feedback can only correct an error after it has occurred, which means that it can never correct for all errors. by using proprietary ultra-linear circuitry with wide bandwidth and low output impedance, there is no need for unnatural sounding feedback. • the dac (digital-to-analog converter) chip being used is widely recognized in the audio and engineering community as one of the best sounding dac chips available today. • the output buffer used to drive the headphones is fully discrete so that all individual parameters and circuit values and parts quality can be fully optimized for the absolute finest sound quality. the output impedance is very low so that the ponoplayer delivers perfectly flat frequency response and wide volume range using virtually any set of headphones" fri mar 14, 2014 11:15 am
now i have to decide between foo fighters and rhcp
@todd - i agree. i am a bit of a techie but it isn't what this ks project is about. well it is on one level but for most of us its about delivering music in a better way.  @william. my linn went a few years ago. had to have something so got a gyrodec and refreshed the vinyl. still sounds brilliant! but so does hi-res. it may even make the vinyl redundant. heretic!! @david - don't know which sabre it is. have investigated but no certainty.i am only really familiar with wolfson in modern dacs.  the way i look at it, it's a $400 player - if it does a half decent job it will have succeeded in what it set out to do.
just added to signature series. red hot chili peppers and jackson browne.
just added to signature series. red hot chili peppers and jackson browne.
just added to signature series. red hot chili peppers and jackson browne.
@ian ... you're right it is a relief.   i still want to fire up the linn sometimes, vinyl's great but sure doesn't travel.
@ian kendrick btw i know they're using the es9018 dac, but do you have any official confirmation if it's using the desktop variant? or the mobile variant es9018k2m?
i almost want to cancel my pono pledge/order after reading all of these long winded, yammering techie wanna be posters. good lord it is what it is!! stop second guessing and dissecting every little thing. everything has been pretty spelled out.  based on neil's passion about music i'm confident he's assembled a good team to make a good product.  if you don't like it once you get it, sell it on ebay. i see very little risk here.
@william... feels like some of these suggestions are heading towards a mark ii version? i have several streaming systems and daps and they are subject to fairly regular upgrades to the firmware via downloads. i wonder if pono will be the same - would offer some flexibility to add things after the event? the advent of good hi res digital has, at last, taken us back to the kind of sound we used to have as standard from a good turntable. it's a relief.
a csn just popped up
keep on rockin', and greetings from canada, neil!  a couple of quick comments.  i've been waiting for this dream of neil's for years ... great that it looks like it's coming to fruition. i don't want these comments to in any way detract from the totally positive nature of this launc in it's existing configuration.  but, please consider adding the dsd format.  (you know, constant improvement, six sigma, etc. lol).  24/192 is fantastic when implemented properly, but so is dsd.  also, i really hope you can get some of the great classic analogue recordings added in to the available library too. (and to the boys at ayre and audioquest consider adding an optional player with upgraded output format, balanced aes-ebu would be great ... not for everyone maybe, but allows for some superior cable selections for high-end home fi). with that being said, i think the best thing about this launch is the awesome support of the artists getting behind a format that really delivers better quality sound - in a wide variety of genres (not just audiophile stuff) to the general public.  i've been both a music lover and an audiophile for a long time and it's been really sad to see the soul of the music get washed away with various crap delivery formats over the years.  i've always been surprised that many more musicians were not actively clamoring for a medium that got closer to the actual recording (and the holy grail of live music, especially acoustic delivered to the masses).  for a while now the industry has really lost it's way, imho, mainly in the service of 'convenience' and portability.  my thanks to everyone who is  getting behind this now.  (p.s. when i say acoustic ... don't get me wrong i love electric too!) unfortunately, i was waiting till saturday because that's when the thrasher's wheat post said the kickstarter launch was.  i actually searched kickstarter on wed.and then a bit later, but no sign of pono in the search.  then, to my dismay when i logged in to kickstarter early today a bunch of (my favorite) artist bundles were gone.  too bad, but snagged willie, so not too shabby!  any chance of adding a different colour (not color, lol) neil or csn&y limited addition?  let me know, eh. onwards and upwards, neil and team!  wish i had the extra $5,000 kicking around to come to the listening party ... but that isn't going to happen right now i'm afraid. cheers to everyone involved!
yep 128gbyte micro sd card would be good. very expensive in the uk, if available at all. prices will tumble though.
@all  do a google search b&h photo 104.95 cheaper on ebay but you need to be careful for phonies with memory prices so cheap and volume discounts maybe the creators can supply 128gb chips instead of 64gb chips as a stretch goal that would be in the real spirt of kickstarter
ian, amazon has them $119.99 us 4-6 weeks to ship
@dave liew  i appreciate your answer about the 128gb card let's hope the creators confirm this
sleep tight - i'm off to a movie
@david - thanks for that, have not got my hands on a 128gb microsd yet. time to start looking by the sounds of it.
good! group hug. goodnight
here, but decided to pipe-down. i want this to succeed and i am happy to give pono a chance
@ian kendrick, tjc if they support 64gb, they'll most likely support 128gb as well. it works for both ak120 and ak100
richheart i'm joking! 1:35 am where i am. zzzzzzzz
hmmm...... this is not fairy dust, and when people pony (get it?) up this kind of cash, it's not too much to ask that information is forthcoming. i have no trouble with the vat situation, and am not competent enough to comment on the headphone as line-out jack. what i do object to, however, is the fact that the front page of the project has no mention whatsoever that ponomusic.com will only be available in us/uk/canada. i just double-checked right now. to then blithely state, buried in the comments, that other countries will come online "later" just doesn't cut it. please, @pono, tell us your roadmap. as you so rightly point out, and many others in the comments, what we're talking about here is not a single device. rather, it's a way of enjoying music that is better than what we're doing currently. in your vision the device and the site are two parts of a whole. only, i can only get access to part of it. so, i'll wait with bated breath for your roadmap in the next 31 days. after that i don't see any point in supporting the project and only getting part of the benefit. and for those of you who bring up itunes masters and hdtracks, that's not really the point, is it? it's not about a device, nor is it about a website. it's about the whole package. so, what are the dates for the other 50%? since you haven't just started this project up two days ago, but have been active for a couple of years, i assume you have a plan. @pono, in my opinion you're coming across as being a bit disingenuous.
has richhart gone to bed yet.. i got a migraine reading all that.  the pono family (us) may need to intervene!
@tjc - good question. am waiting to get my hands on one of them for the ak. have the same question for that.
@creator will the pono allow use of the newer 128gb memory cards hitting the market?
agreed david. i'll keep hold of my ak too for now. if pono delivers on its basic promise it will be a very big step in the right direction. i have 192gb on the ak120 and it is enough for a lot of things - and with swappable microsd is fine.
well there is still 31 days for me to pull out. i was considering selling my ak for a calyx m just to try something new, until pono was announced in time and selling for less than 1/2 the price of the calyx. would be a great deal if the pono is able to deliver sq at least on par with ak for that price. not to mention that the 128gb sandisk is out, at 192gb pono isn't looking too bad compared to calyx with 448gb.
@hope. ivan is not getting to me at all. i will continue to back the project. i have been into music since i was a kid and see what neil and the team are doing as a fantastic step in the right direction. trolls can end up with followers and influence too though and i would like them to know that they will not go unchallenged.  as for putting positive suggestions forward, am all for it. putting suggestions that are outside of the scope of the project is not too helpful though. the first thing pono has to deliver is mark 1 of the player, hopefully on time. i would like to see some clear recommendations about headphones, have said so and the team has responded positively.
@pono again on the subject of the lack of store for the rest of us (at least at the begining), someone mentioned the possibility of prepaid gift cards. is it something we can expect ? i wouldn't mind relying on those gift cards, as a transition to a localized pono music store. this is a b plan that would work for me. otherwise there's no way to justify our investment as backers of this project right now.
@ian you don't need to justify your suggestions and opinions.. @ivan is being a troll, most popular kickstarter projects get them, when they're popular. if people got the product already, or had lack of communication his rants would be justified. don't let him get to you. suggesting new content for the player before production is a right everyone has..
"all we are saying... is ... give pono a chance !"
@karsten kramer i had the same question but.. will it just be eddies signature or everyone in pearl jam the band.. because if i get the words pearl jam written on it i'm going to be pissed.. :)
tjc. i am not a lemming, thank you very much. i have worked in technology companies for a very long time and been involved in audio and broadcasting professionally and as a hobby throughout that time. shipping costs are not an issue as far as i can see - they are $15 for the uk. taxes and the like vary from country to country and as i have said you should expect to pay what is due - those more or less asking pono to break the rules are on a hiding to nothing. as for technical specs - i know what dac is being used and it has a good track record, although i personally have no experience - the implementation will have a big affect on sound quality and the design team seem to know what they are about. normally you would listen to it before you buy, you can't do that with a ks project. the whole point of ks is to brings ideas to reality. if it was already out there, it couldn't be a ks project. as for questioning integrity, you can if you wish but as i have stated in other posts, neil's integrity - personally and professionally has, throughout his long career, not been in doubt. he is putting his considerable reputation on the line with this. i respect that, i really do.
i bought a limited edition pearl jam player. my question: will the signature only be 'pearl jam', or will it be the names / signatures of the band members?
amazing how many lemmings we have on this project don't worry everything will be fine said the first lemming that walked off the cliff and the rest just blindly follow to everyone questioning specs and numbers and integrity and shipping costs and taxes you have good questions that need to be answered don't let the lemmings get in your way of asking
on headphone jack connections - this really is not an issue. an rca adapter is very cheap and there is no loss of quality. http://www.amazon.co.uk/phono-female-3-5mm-audio-adapter/dp/b000q8feqq/ref=sr_1_11… http://www.amazon.com/c2g-cables-40645-stereo-adapter/dp/b000j1h4vi/ref=sr_1_5…
ivan. no one wants to be deceived.  as i say, ks works on trust and you give it to the project when you back it. then you wait. this is crowd funding after all and i for one trust that far more than i trust a big corporate.  i am quite capable of wading in on technical matters, but that is quite rightly in the hands of the design team at pono. i checked them out and they look ok to me. these look like folk who can deliver what they say. whether or not it will be the best sounding digital audio player, we will have to wait and see. and whatever it sounds like there will be those that say so and so is better, and those that say it isn't. that is the way of things in audio. has been since i got interested a long time ago.
@ian well said! ps- i would never want to have @richheart as a customer....
thanks for your help ian! much appreciated!
a foo fighters one just became available again
as  fascinating as import duties and headphone jack connections are the really interesting question is how are csn & csn&y going to agree on their top 2 favourite albums?
@ian, hmm, maybe because i don't want people to be deceived?
ivan - if you don't trust the people who are doing this campaign, with neil at the core of it then why are you here at all? ks is built on trust, pure and simple. you either do or you don't. i do. if you don't that is up to you. if you can tell me what is positive about the negativity i would like to be enlightened. i am backing this campaign, as are over 10,000 others.
@ian well said on the complaints!
i guess the level of activity on the board shows how excited everyone is about the potential of this product and many are looking for further reassurance before parting with their cash. i have faith in the comments provided by the artists. even though they stand to gain financially i would not call into question their integrity and therefore i take their responses as genuine.
hi bill. the adaptor is normally just an sd sized case that you can put the mcrosd card into. i have to use one of them for the (canon) dslr and macbookpro reader too. the microsd card is the same though. 128gb versions are on the way too. also, we should bear in mind that neil is putting his considerable reputation on the line here. that's a big step for anyone to take. respect.
>if you trust neil & the musicians that support this, i'm sure in short order people will be very happy with what they are going to receive! lol. why should we trust those who seem like a group of devious marketologists? reminds me of the story with monster cable and jimmy iovine. :)
ian, thanks, i never use cheap for anything because it always comes back to bite you so that is what i'll look for. yes, the fact that pono is including a card is a $45 savings & something it seems many have overlooked. one thing though,i see some cards on amazon listed as w/an adapter & some without- is there any difference? i agree w/you and others that people should just let this play out for the next 31 days w/o complaining about the listing of specs. if you trust neil & the musicians that support this, i'm sure in short order people will be very happy with what they are going to receive! thanks!
@bill tonic jr i use an ak120 that uses 64gbyte micro sd cards. i used a cheap one and it was a disaster. ended up using sandisk and they have proven to be completely reliable, including swapping. i use the same ones in my dslr. in the uk they cost around £30/$45. is good that one is included with the pono (i think), that is a bit of value that seems to have gone unnoticed and uncommented.
for those who are moaning a lot, please consider your actions carefully. for instance, the issue of whether to use a ⅛"/3.5mm headphone jack for audio out doesn't seem to be an issue on the a&k 120 that i use, or their upcoming ak240 at around $3500, or iphone or anything else really, including some pretty good headphone amps. i don't hear complaints from their users. very high quality 3.5mm - 2 x phono cables are available, so that is not an issue either. i am sure you are aware of this. my ak120 puts my expensive cd player and streamer in the shade using a half decent cable. pono is a budget hi res audio player - it is focused on sound quality, not on features - just like the vinyl turntable sound it is trying to give us back. this campaign is about bringing hi res to people who have not yet tried it. and it is musician backed. i am sure they all have enough money already not be motivated by that.  pono does not have a digital out. the ak120 does, but i don't use it. ever. there is no point because the sound coming out of the analogue out is better than most external dacs can achieve if you feed it from the digital out.  if you carry on knocking, you run the risk of driving down interest. is that what you want? you may end up damaging the thing you love.  as for us folk in europe (i am in the uk). i buy stuff from abroad and sometimes i have to pay duty and sometimes i don't. on ks projects and non ks stuff.  are you just trying to get a cheap player or are you supporting the spirit of the project? i'm doing the latter. sony has just announced their digital audio player and it looks more expensive and limited than the pono. like many of us here, i have watched neil for a very long time. i admire and respect his integrity, decency, determination and honesty. in his professional and private life. over decades. he has been mocked in public over pono, but he has kept on going. if there is one person on the planet who can give us back the music, it is neil. he has a very rare human value - constancy. he keeps going whatever the issues. i am sure he will do the same with this project. he is taking on giants on our behalf. please stop the carping. i am fully behind this project and agree fully with stephan mathieu's comments. give the guys a break. this is heading towards a big ks campaign. the publicity for hi res audio it has generated in the past few days is more than a&k, fiio and the like have achieved in the past 5 years. let the pono team do their work and give them time. please.
> pono are not likely to discuss the technical aspects as they have already done 2.5 years of planning. it could also compromise their product. well i'm sorry, but if you propose your product as the best dap in the world and give no evidence in advance, you are simply deceiting backers. it would be also very funny to see how they are developing a top-notch device without technical data. pure random? :)
@richheart - are you in a manic phase of bipolar affective disorder? the rate and amount of your posting is worrisome. do get some rest.
reading that micro sd 64gb cards will be interchangeable for the pono. does anyone know if this means we can use any brand of card as long as it fits the above criteria? if so,then i can be on the lookout for sales from now until october as i know i'll need more than 2 cards for all the music i want to put on it!
@stephan and @trevor. well i've tried my way and i agree the response from pono has not been as desired. so i will give your idea a go. i can wait most of the 31 days and then decide where i stand. i would very much like hi-res music to become mainstream and i believe pono could really be a tidal force in enabling that. i would like to see this project succeed (over 4x subscribed means that, that has happened). it would be a shame if poor service/management tripped up the level of success. thank you for your comments, i will quietly see where this goes :)
*cocked that up. meant to say i agree with you entirely stephan. huge lack of patience coming from certain quarters. pono are not likely to discuss the technical aspects as they have already done 2.5 years of planning. it could also compromise their product. whilst opinions are valid i think a show of support and patience might better get people's request adopted/replied to.
@ stephanmathieuday 5 of ......... 210. one
hi @richheart and others jumping up and down several times/hr with wishes and demands on this kickstarter comments page. this campaign still has 31 days to go, the launch of the player will be in about 210 days, assuming it will happen on my b-day, oct 11. i hear you and your concerns, at the same time i think it's just fair to give the pono guys a break at this very early stage. nothing will change if you will go on posting at the rate you currently do. there's plenty of food for thought for pono here as well as in plenty forums and i can imaging some of them will be addressed during the process of finishing the products. please don't use this as a discussion/opinion board, it waters more valuable infos down and can become a little annoying, too. please don't be a plague and consider to sort your thoughts before you share them in public, take some time to digest them for yourself and give the creators of this campaign the time they need to react on what is there already. unless you are looking for your own signature model ; )thanks.
just think, if the lessons on customer service mentioned below, had dominated this forum, the pledges might well have been $1m more. pono, don't you want to let us feel you care? other potential pledgers check out the comments prior to committing. it must be worth your while to respond in an active, prompt and informative manner. not because we are asking you to nicely, merely because it makes good business sense.
no, i support those too.
@ivan we have had precious little info about technical and audio performance. being starved of that critical information, leaves me to turn to the information on hand to reach some basis for decision-making. lack of integrity, might be indicative of some deeper reasons for concern.
so you chose to ignore both of my giant posts concerning technical aspects, wow. :)
and how about an independent audio review?
so you chose to look no further than the last comment? questions on dsd, pre-out connection, below. yup, ignorance is .....:)
people caring about posters and numeric engravings but not about under-the-hood components and technical perfomance are making my day. truly ingorance is a bliss. :)
quite, unless the same numbers go out more than once?
most good electronic devices have serial numbers won't these ?  keeping track of signature models and who gets what number should be simple.
+1 @tjc
@jonathan nobody is talking about resale value. i supported this project because it stood for integrity. the numbering is just an example of integrity (or potential lack of). the musical integrity may be severely restricted by headphone sockets. the fiasco with the l.e. posters, slaps integrity in the face. i would like to see someone from pono look at these matters and give answers.
@treatise great article but that sounds like the creators might have to do some work called customer service
an elliott smith pono with either/or and xo would be great as would a sufjan stevens pono with illinoise.
@douglas i agree with your point.  the usps is the courier of choice for avoiding unnecessary courier administration charges in my experience.  fedex etc. are the least best choices.
waiting on a springsteen pono. wanted a pj pono but all 500 were already gone!
when i pledged for the ny pono player very early i wasn't worried about if i had # 3 of 500 since i could care less about a resale value. i bought it since i love the artist's music and integrity! too many people buy stuff since they think it may be vauable in the future, just buy things that your heart and soul want and not about if it might be worth $2 in the future, who cares!
@martin it looks like you're right. i don't like it and it also smells a little fishy :( why are c5000 signed up for l.e. sig units if they are really not restricted to 500? if the restriction to 500 is honoured, there is not going to be any problem tying in the number to the pledge.
re the import duties and charges question: i'm not bothered if we have to pay these when they reach the eu - but some delivery companies use these as a way to rip us off more - and we end up paying twice as much. please use a courier that will not rip us off by charging their own "delivery taxes".
@douglas the only reason i can suggest for the numbering not corresponding to your pledge position, is that the numbering prevents issuing in excess of 500. sorry, am i the only one looking for pono in pono?
@richheart - the pono spokesperson said they're not going to do it mate. so you have to get a compromise. better no numbering order than having to receive number 493 or something other lowly.
agree with martin's comment above about the numbering - if it's going to be random then don't bother. furthermore - where a sig series pono is a band (as opposed to a single artist) can they engraving include the band's logo too?
@martin and @pono forgive me, but i would like numbering and certification. i also think that the 55 people so far registered for an evening with ny should be accommodated in a way that honours the 500 of each limited edition. how do you intend to that pono?
pono quote "the number on the artists signature series will not necessarily correspond to order it was purchased". you've got to be joking! then please do not put any numbers on it then. just engrave "exclusive 500 launch edition " or something similar.
the pledge i had for the l.e poster has now been cancelled. i still have the pledge for the l.e. csn+y. please ease our minds that there will be no monkey business (sorry if the term offends animal lovers) with the numbering or number of l.e. sigs released.
@pono creator 1) it would be nice to have a name to communicate with. 2) your "the number on the artists signature series will not necessarily correspond to order it was purchased." is not such a nice concept. surely #1 is more valued than #486? why would you put numbers on these, if the numbers didn't correspond to where the backer was in the queue? i was backer #444 for the csn+y, i would rather like that to be the number i receive (rather than say: 387 or 451). it is clearly within your capability to enable this. i wonder what happens to the attendees of the special evening? will they get another #1? you have lost a little pono (righteousness) with your disregard for the first 500 backers of the l.e. poster.
very happy to be part of this pono music player.  i still have a music room in my house with class a equipment. only. true audiophiles know what kind of equipment that is.. now with the pono i can take the same sound with me and not have to carry the equipment around lol. thanks neil for caring.  met neil back in the day when he was playing with the ducks outside of santa cruz. my good friends dad did the woodwork on neil's bus.. thanks for the tunes and the great afternoon and evening neil. behind this 100 %
here a direct link on how to provide free shipping worldwide, including fulfillment from eu so no additional eu taxes for the customers are incurred: http://stonemaiergames.com/how-to-provide-free-shipping-worldwide-on-kickstarter-a-comprehensive-guide/
it is fascinating to see that the black ponos have been consistently exactly twice as popular as the yellow ones. perhaps the yellow ones will not make the post-ks market. that would make them rather collectible. :)
the creators of this project should really read some of the kickstarter lessons on this site: http://stonemaiergames.com/kickstarter/ some of his lessons could be very interesting for them, e.g. the ones about (eu) shipping...
yes - we need an answer on - why is the line out based on mini jack? and - is it possibly to replace the mini jack's when they are worn out? can the player be repaired - can the battery be replaced?
if you've ever had to twiddle with the headphone cable, in order to get clear sound out of both channels, you will not want to be left with a $400 plus import duties, brick :(
on a thinner unit, i wouldn't have raised the question. it could be a space issue, but for me, it will kill my interest. a simple answer would suffice. no, means no. :)
@richheart ok, thanks. could this be a space issue? the player is already quite big, so that might be the case.
treatise: the headphone socket accepts the usually flimsy (low quality) audio cable. the interconnect between the dac and the sound system does (in many people's opinion) make a significant difference. the socket itself uses spring-loaded contacts that, over time, deteriorate.  the contact area of the headphone socket is much smaller than that of phono plugs, therefore the margin for poor contact becoming a critical factor, increases. i would like this pono to last a decent time period, dodgy connections don't tie in with that desire.
@bring-it-back since a 64gb card is included, it might just be simplest to load from linux onto the card and transfer that way
@richheart what is this about line out connectivity, and does it matter for us mortals who have nice sound systems but aren't exactly audiophiles?
@bring-it-back that's a great idea on enabling mass storage on pono player so that any os can read the contents. i'm no software engineer, but an open source api or some other well-documented and open way to read and edit the contents of the player is a must so that those of us on linux will be able to use the player. talking of software, please make it so that the pono player ui and firmware can be changed if necessary. there might be bugs, or the ui might need adjustments after sending the players out, so that facility would be necessary.
@creator. again.... as you deigned to post on here but without comment on the imho very important question of line-out connectivity. are you staying with the headphone socket, or can you upgrade to audiophile line-out (at least phono)? as you are selling this idea on sq, it seems so retrograde to ruin the output before it gets to the sound system.
kicktraq backers are dwindling off o my
why not a rolling stones pono.
how about a bob dylan pono with "highway 61 revisited" and "blood on the tracks"?  wow.
@brian:  thanks for saying what you did about the vat.  i'm in the us, but just read a couple of hundred pages of eu and uk law regarding the tax on everything from pig farming to financial services and ip.  i was looking for answers to kari's dilemma, and by extension everyone over there's as well.  it is a flat out consumption tax, and because of your eu, it is fairly pointless to try and avoid, as your legal system puts the burden of proof on the end user under both eu jurisdiction, as well as the member countries.  i can understand, after reading some case law examples on the topic, why no company wants to gain the attention of the system that administers and enforces this.  it is a shame, because people are putting their money at risk, and buying the idea of a company that may produce a product, but the vat is indifferent to the benefits of new ideas and technology.  it really is a pity.
great idea guys, i'm happy to support this! i do have a question though about the usb mode that the pono player uses. the easiest and most compatible way might be to show up as a mass storage device, and i was wondering if that is the case? otherwise (if i can be that annoying internet commenter-guy that thinks they know everything), it might be a nice idea to bury that option somewhere in the menus - or have it connect as mass storage if a button is held down when plugged in. this would make it very easy for people using any operating system (linux, etc.) to sync their pono players, even if the pono software doesn't get ported to that os. for what it's worth, i've been using rockbox - an open-source alternative firmware that can run on a hacked ipod (before apple encrypted the ipod). the menus are a little sprawling and the ui isn't the most user friendly, but there's some great options in there. even simple ones like being able to select the output as left or right channel only, mono mix or "karaoke" mix can be very handy. that's all, and congratulations!
a john prine pono would be great!
i live in the uk. a very big thank you to neil and the other people behind pono for their efforts - i applaud your ideas, innovations and efforts to raise the bar. to some other uk posters:  when i pledged my dollars for a signed pono, i knew that would mean paying vat and customs duties.  to ask pono to circumvent laws to avoid paying tax is not cool.  if you buy something from a reputable organisation in the u.s. that is what happens - you pay vat and duties.  if you don't like that, complain to your mp, please don't whine to pono.  try to look on the bright side - some of the vat and duties might be spent on health care or other good causes.
@pono most people on kickstarter do not want to go to websites or facebook they want to get the info right here on the kickstarter pages the comments count is at 538 yet only eleven comments from you guys your at 3.3 million hire someone to post comments just to make people happy as if you haven't noticed people are getting pissed off and talking about leaving serious complaints about vat taxes and other kickstarter projects have worked around the issue your reply is basically pound sand. tell the people if they don't like the tax to move to the usa. take a few minutes and look at the other large kickstart projects just look at the ones over a million bucks you will see thier are ways around it. go check the dash they figured out something. they also like meaningless stretch goals t shorts usually work maybe hats or he'll you know a lot of musicians give away some old crumby guitar picks or broken drum sticks some scribbles on paper and say its music they really don't care they just want something extra for nothing good luck and how about a lydia pense pono
@greg the main thing you have to understand about kickstarter is that it is not a pre-order. it also is not an investment. you don't get any guarantee that you will receive the a pono player, and you are sol if they don't deliver - ks will not do anything, and neithe will amazon/paypal. i've been burned on one project out of ten or so i've backed, so it's not common, but can happen. given the big names attached to this project and that it's way past its funding goal, i feel the chances of that happening are pretty much zero. ks is an opportunity to support projects which would otherwise not get funded, or made at all. if ponomusic gets the eu shipping sorted out (ie. reasonable prices without additional vat charges) i'm backing a full player. in this case, it is also a vote for high quality music with the most potent vote: your wallet. hopefully music producers will see the demand for such music, and will start mastering new music with that in mind; ie. not destroying it as part of loudness wars. if they bring in b.b. king le, i might back even with full vat charges, though ;)
ponomusic will initially be introduced in the u.s., canada and the u.k. in october.  additional countries will be added at a later date. we will post more information at www.ponomusic.com when the information becomes available.
the number on the artists signature series will not necessarily correspond to order it was purchased.  and for those that asked for more detailed specifications, they will be made available when we are closer to production and are able to test the final design. rest assured we will meet the commitments we have made about the player's performance.
should have a couple more pono's for the number one guitar player jimi hendrix   and the guitar player jimi said was better terry kath with chicago
is there any chance you might have a michael jackson or motown edition? also with the limited editions are the two albums at the highest quality option?
would love to hear salty dog by procol harum
the beatles
i love neil and really like the pono idea but kickstarter is a non starter. i've spent too much time on the website trying play the game and now i get conflicting "confirmations" that make me wonder if i will get what i ordered. trying to support the project shouldn't turn into a research project for me. i hope that the execution of the business model for pono is more efficient and elegant than this phase - kickstarter is klunky!
i think the european vat issue is clear-cut.  you are buying an item, just paying for it in advance of shipping.  there is no donation, this is a transaction for a good at a listed price with clear terms. i know you don't want to pay the vat, but there are serious ramifications for a exporter/importer for trying to skirt the law.
daniel johnston
hello, i would like to see a different signed poster at a limited offering. kickstarter did this for the 5000.00 donation, new york offering is different. fair enough?  mark w j
how about the band.
@pono team bat cave. my mate tim o'brien, bluegrass music legend, grammy winner ,celebrates his 60 burpday at the station inn, nashville tonight. plenty of great sounding analog masters under his bed for 24/192 transfer to ponoplayer.  l.e for the bluegrass people that still play pure american music.  cheers from australia.
@outside the us:  the player will play all flac files, so you can use your player right away, by using an existing streaming source that is available in your country.  you will also hear an improvement in your 16 bit cds transferred to the device, because of the da converters.  there's a lot of ways to win by owning one of these.
@kari:  what i'm suggesting are legal ways to do it.  if people wanted to walk the line, they'd have it sent to someone in another country, then have them send it as a gift to the country in question.  that would be deceitful, so crosses the line.
i got soooo excited when i read the possible delivery of my pono might be by my birthday, end of october. i had been talking to my husband about digital music and have always kept our records, now i can look forward to downloading all the music i grew up with in new orleans!
@paula candelot i agree! i'd love a bowie version!
joni is neil friend isn't she? i forgot bowie....bowie and bob.... dream team!
yeah. definetly bob dylan :)
joni mitchell!  ( csn are gone and foofighters are almost ...)
bob dylan!
how about a radiohead one! thom yorke is a big neil young´s fan...
omg omg thank you for the metallica signature edition :d :d
how about an eric clapton version
please add an eddie vedder one!
@marcel van vliet interesting alternative thanks
@treatise thank you, i did not know about the prepaid card possibility! i'll find out more about it. ;)
oh and one more thing on shipping. if shipping is by regular mail, you are much more likely to get it delivered without vat and customs. if it is via courier (dhl, fedex, ups) you are 100% guaranteed to get charged - and they might even slap an extra fee on top of that. therefore it would be best for most of us to choose the cheapest, slowest possible shipping option. that's assuming we get to choose.
you can get a us prepaid credit card with a us address (both likely needed for access) from europe, but that's a hassle. one way around regional restrictions on some other similar services is to buy a prepaid card which gives you credit for x usd in the online store. that way you could buy such prepaid cards while you visit the us, or online, and use them in the store. also a hassle, though. i'd frankly be shocked to see ponomusic to be available in the eu at launch due to fragmented music licensing, but one can always hope.
gift doesn't make a difference at pono values, legally speaking (you can look that up). sample i'm not so sure, but again, they are not idiots at customs and people try to feed them all kinds of stories all the time. most likely the reason why you (and i) haven't been charged on some occasions is that volume at customs is so high that some nondescript or cheap-looking packages are bound to go unnoticed.
vat is a problem, but i see no acess to ponomusic store as a bigger one for all of us...
i have received packages of "sample" or "gift" and at least over here it makes a difference. at least they could try. (and why not shipping from ireland too!) help us to help them :)
make it worldwide! :)
why europeans must ask only for including europeans on g3 pono countries?
@paula yes, but in addition to supporting that good idea we will be adding an extra ~20% (depending on your country) on top of that to pay the taxman.
"us euros will be once again paying for the privilege of being europeans "  that's interesting. i thought we were all human beings supporting a good idea ;)
can you please detail how the edition numbers will be assigned?
people working at customs aren't idiots. pono player will probably be shipped in a nice box, and it will obviously be an expensive gadget. there aren't enough "gift" or "sample" stickers in the world to convince them that it has no value, and that they shouldn't charge vat and duties on it. playing semantic games on whether we are buying for a product or an investment (ks is not investing nor a pre-order) doesn't matter squat to the officer who has a shiny music player in his hands, and when she googles the name finds out it costs 300/400 usd. you will get charged 40-50 eur of vat plus any duties unless you really luck out. this is from someone who has been ordering internationally for twenty years. just as important, asking for ponomusic to put misleading information on the packages is asking them to commit fraud, plain and simple. mail fraud is a very serious offence in most jurisdictions. so rather than making unreasonable requests, there is a reasonable and workable solution. main page mentions that pch international has an irish entity. ponos could be shipped from china to ireland to pch, and they could do the fulfilment from there. that way pch would pick up the customs, and there would be no additional vat charge to eu customers. ponos for eu customers would cost more due to aforementioned vat and customs, though, and i don't know if ks rules and system support that. either way, us euros will be once again paying for the privilege of being europeans :p
i also 100% agree with kari. be "rewarded" after investing on a new product  is completely different than buying a product. nobody is asking for them to break the law.
@karl thank you ... and i 100% agree
the honest truth is that the players are way more important to be limited than the poster.
i have to add my 2¢ regarding the "limited edition" poster. why is it acceptable to add more limited edition posters but stand firm on the limited number of the players? if another tier of 1000 posters were added (a different poster from the initial 500) it would be one thing, but at some point the poster is no longer limited if the number available can be changed on a whim.
@william pietrzak,  the practical procedure of how reward stickers, t-shirts, posters or even some pono players will be sent is in no way a legal question. nobody has been asking for anybody to do anything illegal, and nobody expects a us-based team/company to know or take responsibility for any local legislation around the world. nobody is asking for legal advice. as all current backers know, in the "update 2" the pono team stated pretty shortly that they "can not help" international backers to avoid having to pay vat or customs duties. that sounded a bit blunt, and gave the impression that perhaps somebody might have misunderstood something regarding the backers' concerns about the shipping of the kickstarter rewards/pr material/gifts/whatever you wish to call them. the point was simply to bring to the attention of the team that what exactly is printed on the packaging of the reward parcels and any accompanying documentation is crucial from the perspective of customs duties when anything is sent internationally. if you have ever sent a parcel internationally, you will know that these days all parcels have to say something about the contents. if the parcel gives an impression that it contains a product that has been purchased from a shop, then the recipient will have to pay taxes and customs duties. regardless of country of destination. by supporting a kickstarter project we are not ordering products, we are supporting the initiative. if the documentation on the parcel clearly says that the contents is what it really is (pr-material, samples or a token of appreciation/gift as a thank you for the support), then there are less chances of the recipients' customs offices to consider it to be something else. so i guess the initial question from some other backer was if the pono team can make sure that the reward parcels state clearly what the contents is in reality and that it is not a product that has been ordered from a shop. i'd like to hear some other response than "no, we don't care". we backers are already fans of the great idea behind the pono music kickstarter project. the project deserves international attention and already many of us early backers are located outside of the us. while the shipping questions might be totally uninteresting for backers in the us, for a non-us pono fan these questions may very likely be the critical tipping point for being either in or out regarding the kickstarter project. there are far more potential backers around the entire globe than within any individual country. therefore the questions regarding reward shipping as well as the possibility for making music purchases from ponomusic.com if the customer is located outside of us, uk or can deserve a bit more clarification.
will the pono player support gapless playback?
so looking forward to good sounding music, wish i could've donated so much more but now i have to sace to get one!! so thanks so much neil and all in this huge effort !! kathy sends all love!!
@ eric van. for $1000.00, i'm with you!
i just found out a really good store that seams to be worldwide (i checked brazil) : http://www.linnrecords.com/
pono - one of the top 10 most funded kickstarter projects on earth. way to go neil! yea pono team. thanks!
how about offering 1000 ny signed pono's for $1000 each, loaded with all of neil's albums & tracks? i'd be the first in line, and pledge right now, especially since i missed out literally by seconds on the first 500 ny ponos... evz
@pono will this device allow for search capability of songs since it is touch screen? also will it be made to include usb dac functionality?
@john r willhalm - see my comment a few spots down on this subject....
does anyone know if we can buy more than one of the signature chrome players. i would  like to buy a few for christmas presents.
robert, give them a chance to amend the teething troubles. if you are still unhappy, cancel your pledge in a month.  i too am dissatisfied as of now.
@gustavo - there is nothing pono can do for you....these are kickstarter rules and you agreed to them at sign up.  they have everything quite clearly listed in the faq, guides, tutorials, etc. that are freely available from any page.  you can only pledge for a single tier.  now, some projects decide to allow "overpledging" and "add-on pledging," but they cannot publicly offer things like multiples when they are in the design or technology categories (per ks rules).  ks, however, does look the other way if such transactions are agreed to privately.  while many projects i've backed (almost 600 or so) have done this, not all do as this becomes a bit of a logistical challenge for the project creator since they have to create special surveys to capture all the possible permutations....it would be particularly difficult given the number of options already available in this project.  the only way around your issue would be to create multiple ks accounts.....one for each tier to be pledged.  short of pono actually increasing the number of units per tier (i won't get into the whole poster thing some have issue with) or creating a secret back room deal with you (even less likely given the scope of this project with almost 10,000 backers already), i don't see you being able to "recoup" a pledge tier you "lost" that is now sold out....though, if you are vigilant, as other new artists are added some folks will switch out from a tier you want and then your opportunity is available.  you simply need to keep an eye on the tier for openings....particularly like today when new artists are added.
cancelled my pledge for a poster now that they've changed the rules of the game and added 1000 more posters.  lame.
by the way, the poster being offered here is a new limited print, it is different than the one sold at carnegie hall and different than the one sold on neil's official online store. they were all done by a french graffiti artist, blek le rat.
awesome guys adding metallica to the artist series pono player! i've been a huge fan of both neil young and metallica since i was able to crawl! lol looking forward to october!!!!
gustavo there is a csny going. grab it
@pono may i suggest that you change the poster for the additional 1000 that you are offering. maybe even to a csn+y one? whatever.
1,500 signed posters is the same amount of signed limited first edition waging heavy peace books. it is still very collectable, i've been following neil since i was a young boy and he has never offered signed posters for $100, the retail price for the first edition book was $500, which also was worth it. granted though my ny pono player is much better!
i could not agree more about the posters: i cannot afford a player and let alone a new library of music right now but i thought i could help out with a $100 and get something kind of special signed by i guy i've been following since the 70's. now - as it looks like you are about to go 400% above your goal - you start changing what you originally said. not very righteous. i might add i am not a collector and have absolutely no interest in buying and selling these things, i just thought after 30 plus years of listening and going to shows this would be kind of cool...
i would also like to say that, while insignificant to the scope of the project, additional posters should be different posters.  people that jumped in first are the heart of a ks campaign, and i think it would be heartless to discard their loyalty.  fledgling companies grow through additional market share, for whatever reason, but established companies die, even though they have every advantage, through disregard for their customers, however they may manifest that.
thank you very much for your answer jeff and rich.  i didnt read the board and thought it was ok to pledge again so both items will accumulate into my account. it wasn't explained clearly in the page. and i'm very angry right now because there is now way to undo the action. i mean, you try to help twice and the system punish you for this. i hope somebody from the pono team can help me. thanks
as the project managers are active but notoriously ignoring the very questions i open, responding only to the incredibly important cases like "can i chose an option with poster and t-shirt???", i'm gonna write down my thoughts in public once again, as these are the questions that trouble not only me, but, i suppose, ost of the audience. you are luminating condifence that your product will be superior on the dap market, still, you provide no evidence and do not even have a feedback form on your monosite for backers' questions. the only thing we are witnesses to is the celebrity video with, unsurprisingly, no technical info. this marketing strategy of praising the ignorance is pretty ridiculous. so, let us commence.  first, you write "the ponoplayer will certainly be recognizable on your desk as the unique product it is – the world’s best sounding portable digital music player." will it be really the best sounding dap in the world? that's highly surprising, as few even heavily modded commercial players can surpass widely acknowledged among lovers of high fidelity like the hifi ma9 or hifiman 801 player. price is not the point, as i will show a bit later.  the second question: both players i mentioned are built on a multibit dac, meaning they surpass any delta-sigma dac in naturality, attacks, macrodynamics and, most importantly, transient response. as a matter of fact, the last one is crucial - human ear will recognise instrumental timbres differently, if the musical player performs the attacks poorly. for example, a well known hifiman 601, built around old (and cheap, geez!) multibit tda1543, mantains superb perfomance thanks to its excellent transient characteristics. even though it has exceedingly high for a hifi player harmonic distortion - 0.05% (and it makes the sound a bit "dirty")- it sounds more natural, than daps built on delta-sigma dac. another example, the myst 1866 portative dac ocub (also built on multibit dac) has unparalleled transient characteristics (http://ozvuke.pro/index.php…), which, coupled with his very good overall perfomance (e.g. thd = 0.003%), makes its sound extremely natural and clear, and this is the reason why it is easily outperforming the two top-of-the-line dap i mentioned above. even more - makes it the best sounding portable device in the world. what makes you so confident that your pono will outmatch at least these two top daps, not to mention the myst ocub?  third question is a popular one: what is the need of the praised by marketologists 24/192? even if the human ear cannot distinguish between hi-res and 16/44.1, who will protect the customers from buying low-quality hi-res like described here http://archimago.blogspot.com.au/2014/03/follow-up-anomalies-in-becks-morning.html ? i mean, where is the guarantee that the record itself would be perfect?  and the last question - i would like you to announce to the people the technical measurements of your device, like those of myst ocub i linked above. that is, the harmonic distortion test, the frequency response test, intermodulation distortion test and transient response test on 10khz and 100hz square waves.  the last question is a crucial one, really - good technical parameters will say about your pono more that a thousand ads. and perhaps even more that a million ads, because technically good devices are valued very high among the people you consider as your target audience. this information should be of no secret, unlike the very components you chose (which is a know-how, of course), and i guess this info is what we all deserve. but, to be honest, nothing was invented in the audio sphere in the last 30 years, so the chosen components should also be theoretically of no secret to the world. i also do not believe that you have no technical measurements of your device, that would be nonsense - developing a high end gadget without technical data. this all looks like you have something to hide, or nothing to show, which is much worse. :) with best regards and great respect,  ivan
gustavo & terri - as someone noted below, when i asked a similar question, you can only have one pledge level per ks account. if you click "manage your pledge" you'll see what you have pledged for - likely whatever the second thing you tried to add was (the poster or t-shirt). in my case, i tried to add the poster, but noticed what happened immediately (the csny player went from sold out to 1 available) and re-pledged and got it. and then, to play it safe, had my wife pledge for a poster...
gustavo, you have lost the csny sig l.e. i suggest you message the creator and explain. maybe you can get both. i know they are not truly limited to 500 per artist, as the dinner guests will get to choose which artist, in addition to the limited list.
hello i think i just made a mistake because i pledged 3 days ago for the  pono  artist signature series: crosby, stills, nash & young  and i just wanted to pledge again for the neil young poster, so i changed my pledge by mistake and now it seems i have only pledged for the poster and i lost the crosby, stills, nash and young pono limited edition. please can you check it? can i pledge for both things? i dont want to lose the pone limited edition for artist signature series: crosby, stills, nash & young thanks!
i wish someone from customer service would respond to me so i would know if my original order csny pono went through or if i paid $450 for a t shirt. i know the response is overwhelming and i'm happy for you! but i'd like to actually be part of it too and if i'm just sitting in the wings waiting for a response because of some technical issue, well, that's too bad for me!
oh my goodness no stretch goals what will we do
i'd by surprised if there are any stretch goals... this is a way to get publicity for pono. it'd be nice for more favourite albums on my ny signature edition... 5 albums sounds good to me :)
@the ponomusic team is pono's sabre dac the es9018 or the mobile version es9018k2m?
hmmm, we are nearly 4x subscribed and still no stretch goals? extra albums on the l.e.?  headphones as an at cost, add-on? upgrade the line out?
great article: http://somosidolos.com/noticias/n/2014-03-12-neil-young-pono-supera-meta-de-800-mil-dolares-en-un-dia
for the dave matthew band player, why does it only have dave's signature and not the whole band?
in regards to update #2:  "can i use the player with my car's usb port and see the songs on my car's display? no. you can use the player as an auxiliary source and plug it into the car's input connector." was neil using an aux in his car with all those musicians?  i mainly use usb in my car because it is undeniably less noisy than the aux.  will pono retain optimized quality through an aux??
any chance neil will personalize the concert posters?
rhonda, you have made me aware of how ks uses authorisation on amazon. i have multiple authorisations active, despite having concluded payment on most of these. i will manually cancel those that have no further payment due. in fairness, i add, i have never been charged more than i had expected to be by ks.
to those that have setup a secondary ks account to pledge on additional items, i strongly advise you go into your amazon payments account to see how many authorizations are active.  when i went to pledge on the poster with my original ks account, i lost my original pledge, or so it seemed.  i pledged on it again with my original ks login and purchased the poster with a new ks login.  when i went to verify how the payment authorizations looked, i had three (3) payments authorized for ks:  one (1) for the original pledge, one (1) for the poster and one (1) for the re-pledge.
my morning jacket fans...come out to play! there are now 50 of us who have pledged to buy the mmj signature series players (as of 11:30 am on march 14, 2014). let's get all 500 of them purchased, so we can properly enjoy all those flac-hd bootleg series recordings the band recently made available!
i agree with the other comments re: the posters. when it was limited to 500 i felt okay about spending $100 for one because it was a limited edition.  but now that it appears the number of signed posters exactly like mine are going to be dependent on demand, the poster seems a lot less special. why not offer a signed poster from a different date/venue?
thanks for the tip rich. i sure wish it was october...
@chas, just sign into ks with a different email. you can still use the same amazon account details
@jeff...you can only have one pledge level per ks account. you would have to set up a second account if you want an additional pledge level. the only other way is if they offered posters and shirts as add ons. i'm hoping they do that at least for the t-shirt. so far no luck there though.
so this is my 2nd ks id, just installed for one of those unlimited le posters :)  richheart
i did not, thankfully. (well, i did lose it, but immediately grabbed it again...)
j, did you lose your csny sig? oof!
jeff. just sign in with a new email address to ks. you can still use the same amazon address and cc details
so how does one add an additional item? i've already pledged for a signature csny edition, now am hoping for the poster. but when i go to add the poster, the csny player is removed from my pledge...
@michel @richheart and @ta, i support the pono project more than 50$ and believe in it as much as my own activities... i insist in the fact that i felt there are some similarities in pono project, shortening the distance between creators and music lovers and beÔchic willing to do same between designers and fashion lovers. i totally respect pono project and love hd music including neil young which i have been a big fan for many years. i thought this forum allows freedom of speech as far as it connects to the project. this is how i feel about it and i wish i didn't have to feed the troll as well... have a nice day, peace and love to you all, long life to pono project and beÔchic as well;-)
as pch international's headquarters is in cork, could the ponoplayers to be delivered to europe be distributed from ireland to reduce the european import duties? could you include the value added tax in the costs for european supporters?
any chance to see pink floyd among the artist signatures series? i would love it!
the estimated date is october. ks projects are notoriously late. if you get your pono by christmas (yes 2014) you can smile.
anyone know if the public onsale/in stores, opens for business in oct. too, when we'll get our first edition ponoplayer??
$3m
come on ron, it's only a bit of paper, why charge $100? perhaps people like the idea they'll have something special. i have a shaq designed swatch, one of 5,000 made. if swatch had brought out more..... i'd have had a shaq-attack :)
for a project for the 'golden-eared', somebody appears to be a little hard of hearing?  limited edition... you know. note also that the new york evening is not limited so there could be an infinite (or a lot, anyway) number of l.e. players issued to those attending. theoretically, someone who desperately wanted the ny or pearl jam l.e. might pay $5k for a new york dinner.
come on, let other people in on the posters. it just a poster.
le artist requests: editors, sting
what happened to the benefit of being an early backer? to quote: 6. can you offer more players with neil's autograph? because the artist signature series is limited edition, we cannot offer more of this specific category since it is sold out. but do check out all the other excellent artists in the series! more to come...  this should apply to the posters, or the early backers (first 500) should be better compensated.
what's the point of limited edition posters if you just keep upping the limits... bad move on your part and i think it sucks you did that... add a new poster design instead....again limited to 500 should remain limited to 500.
metallica   added to sig
i got one of the devalued, new posters. yeah, it sucks. this is where it kick-starts-us. i'm richheart, using a second ks id, in order to add a poster to my pono.... where is this going? will i end up with nothing, when i lose faith in the project? lo-fi pre-out connection still not addressed :(
there's a movement happening here people!  peace and love!
please, pono team, if you call it a limited addition, then stick to it. otherwise you're devaluating our rewards!
yes chris. there should be some differentiation. perhaps a lollipop? *grin
hoping a pearl jam le becomes available again...
wow, now my early backer "500 signed poster" has become less valuable because they've added 1000 more! so much for becoming an early backer...
they have told us that the ponomusic store will be non-drm. also any flac, or other compatible music, that you have will be playable. if their store cannot sell to us off-shore folk, we'll just have to do what we've done up to now in order to get hold of music.
pono team: please explain for the worldwide buyers of pono players if they will be able to buy the suitable music for using it. thank you.
so another 1000 posters 'limited' have appeared on here! and metallica as a l.e. can we pledge an extra $100 and get both a pono and the poster+t-shirt? how will you know when the limited number of posters, passes the limit? ahem :)
almost exactly half the backers, 4,500 chose a l.e. 30 paid for a special evening and a l.e. c2,800 preferred the no-frills pono @ $100 discount (if you add back the cost of 2 albums and the value of a leather case, perhaps it's understandable that so many chose the shiny versions :)) c1,400 didn't choose a pono.
9000 backers, less than 3,500 outstanding l.e. units.  ok, so can you let some audiophiles review this please?  have you given any serious thought to the degradation by way of headphone cable output to pre-amp? is dsd out of the question because the dac chosen is incapable of utilising it, or is this a future firmware upgrade possibility?
damn, by the time i set up a second account, to grab the poster and the t-shirt, they were gone :(
a ny signed poster came up... i nearly mistook this for the ny pono and switched from csn+y, oops!
@kari:  pono can't offer can't offer legal advice, it could bring the entire project down, death by legal entanglement.  in the us we have, in case law, gone from the "rule of law" to the "if it's not expressly forbidden by law" model in our legal system since the 80's.  corporations, political parties, bankers and wall street even challenge laws to remake them in the light they would like to use them by.  most citizens here haven't caught on, but i give you the "affluenza" case in tx as an example. if you read the ks rules, ks doesn't have to send any paperwork with your gift, lest customs paperwork for out of us shipments.  you have to complete the ks process by answering the questionnaire that they send out electronically to confirm that they have lived up to their end of the bargain. this is a new business startup model, and way of financing them.  so by what i said earlier, in the us, this new model isn't covered by any existing laws per say, and is legal as it stands, until otherwise addressed by a specific law legislated to address this specific business model. we already know that we are not buying anything by supporting this project, we are making an investment.  if we receive anything from this investment, it's roi, not a purchase.  people in other countries that have regulated trade have to stop thinking of this as a purchase, and examine what the investment implications are for this process, under their law, and how to declare this on their income taxes.  i don't think i can be more specific than this and still retain my passport for the purposes of international travel, lest i wind up in the tower next time i'm in england. so i'll state this again; this is a business start up, not a store where you are buying something.  please consult your countries investment laws and practices for your answer, because 3 mil is a drop in the bucket in litigating international trade law.  and, if you a or anyone else in another country check into this, i think it would be nice if you shared your findings with other investors around the world so that we could have a ks database of international investment law. i hope that this helps.
@stella frazier your giving an overview of the project, not a review of the product or the project.
@stacy baird: it's not the problem of limited availability of songs, this will come over time, i agree. my take is: the backers here do a very good job in funding ideas/projects. furthermore, this incredibly successful kickstarter campaign here creates a lot of media buzz (read: a lot and _free_ marketing), which will help the ponomusic team. so, on the other hand, the project team should do everything possible (i'm refering to the shipment issue) to give that back to the people that support this project... just my 2 cents....
review of the product guys haha no one but neil young has one yet! lol
@stella a lot of..... and at the end of it you write: "i can’t wait to hear how crisp the sound is and to own one of my very own!!!" so: not an audio review :(
@stacy baird are you from europe? o-)
oh yes, and i'd buy a second if it were a peter gabriel signature...
so - of course there are questions, and happily, a lot of interest - but for me, i wouldn't withdraw my pledge on the basis of license availability in a particular region, or in fact, for any 'music availability' reason. these things come with time - the deals have to be made, and looking at the progress in getting music online, they are coming. even if you rip your cd collection and put it on your old 60gb ipod (as i have done) then run it through a good dac (digital-analog-converter), you'll spend more than $300 or $400. support the cause of high fidelity reproduction. here's a viable alternative to the low-res, flat, digitally distorted mp3 (or even 320kbs streaming, etc.) with a viable business model - i'm thrilled to see this and wish it were a trend.
@stella frazier, well, i saw no review there, what a shame.
official pono music review by music row girl!!! http://musicrowgirl.com/2014/03/12/what-is-the-pono-player/ ‪#‎pono‬ ‪#‎ponomusic‬ ‪#‎ponoplayer‬ ‪#‎poyes‬ ‪#‎music‬ ‪#‎nashville‬ ‪#‎austin‬ ‪#‎sxsw‬ ‪#‎review‬ ‪#‎sxsw14‬ ‪#‎neilyoung‬ ‪#‎kickstarter‬ ‪#‎trend‬ ‪#‎trendingproduct‬ ‪#‎trending‬ ‪#‎ponokickstarter‬ ‪#‎musicnews‬ ‪#‎musicrowgirl‬ ‪#‎revolutionary‬ ‪#‎digital‬ ‪#‎digitalmusic‬ ‪#‎recordbreaker‬ ‪#‎highquality‬ ‪#‎highcapacity‬ ‪#‎tech‬ ‪#‎techproducts‬ ‪#‎gadgets‬ ‪#‎musicplayer‬ ‪#‎new‬
+1 for what kari said. couldn't have summed it up better. thanks! considering to withdraw if those things are not handled properly the way we should expect it from any serious kickstarter project.
@michel. yup, i had the same dilemma :) never mind, linux and phono sockets rule :)
ok back to the pono music project: the project itself is great and it is great to be able to support such a good initiative. still, at the risk of repeating some points that others have already mentioned, i'd like you to kindly (re)address the following valid concerns regarding a few details that have come up after the launch of the pono kickstarter project: can you confirm that it will be possible for residents of any eu country to purchase music from one of the us, uk or can stores right from the launch of ponomusic.com? please reconsider and clarify the questions regarding the marked value of kickstarter project rewards sent outside of the us. i have decided to support your project and you have agreed to send a reward as thanks for my support. to be more specific i have not made any purchase of any product from you in this process. but if you decide to ship the reward with a product price tag and a commercial invoice stating a product value of usd400 in the case of artist edition players, then the local customs authorities will handle the shipment just as any product purchased from any online shop. this would change the situation completely for all international supporters of your project who would face tax and customs duties of 20-35% of their initial support sum, which i guess most people have already set at the maximum that they are willing to pay for supporting the good cause. sending the product as a "sample with commercial value of 0" would be the right and completely legal way to go in this case. the point is not to work against any laws, but about being very exact on what kickstart backers are paying for. shipping the kickstarter project rewards as if they would be just ordinary purchases from any regular shop would also ignore the whole point of backing a project via kickstarter.
darn, never feed the trolls michel, never ever, darn, darn, darn. why don't you remember.
if you ever wondered what 5 dollar could buy you? take a look at kenneth warren higby sr. and le meur david and you know it. or just a good feeling about backing pono, but that's probably not enough for them.
mr warren higby sr., you appear to have 'jumped the gun'. if, in fact, you are actually starting a kickstarter project... it is not yet listed here on the site. furthermore... i happen to agree with mr. richheart... this is really not the appropriate forum for your post. cheers, ta
fi uoy nac daer siht neht uoy era a duarf.
mr. young i am sorry for the second comment but i forgot to tell you the project name. its the  wee people story. i have neuro word blindness and i can not read or write my old computer system is broken so i can not read what i have written so something i forget. but that is the nature if my disablity. please come see my project onkickstarter and ask your network of freinds to do the same. i will be grateful and so will the many disabled who need jobs. ken higby sr.
oh merde....  ce commence :(
mr warren higby sr. your cause sounds admirable. imagine if it was the most important cause in the world. it would still be inappropriate to list your request in this comments section. perhaps a private message to the creator?  i wish you well.
hey neil and music lovers, i just backed your project because i believe in it as the shortest bridge between creators and music lovers. at bookbeo, we are bridging the gap between virtual and real worlds, developing augmented reality solutions. and here we have another disruptive project dedicated to fashion designers named beÔchic. this is the first mobile application enabling augmented reality for creative minds and connecting designers and fashion lovers on a common social network. have a look at our website (http://beochic.com/) and please support us on http://igg.me/at/beochic/x/6465989 thanks in advance (merci!!! as we are from france...)
mr. young i am happy for our success and have donated to your cause. i ask you to come and see my cause as well. i am disabled and work with disabled people to get them jobs in the community in lander wyoming it is a very small town. we have about 95% unemployment and i am starting a kickstarter project as you have. i only ask that you check into my cause to help those who are less fortunate than yourself and others. i ask that you use your network to help. i did not have the money to spend on equipment to make the video you did, however i did what i could. some of my people i work with make only 50 cents an hour and they work hard. i want to give them an oppertunity to at least make the wyoming min wage by starting this new business. i first however need the computer systems to set up the business to creat the jobs. please i humble mesrlf and would be honoured if you would take a look at my project on kickstarter and have your network of people do the same. thank and good luck on your future success i would have given more because my son is into the high tech stuff but the dollar i gave is all we could afford. thank you for your time. ken higby sr.
let's give it time for the pono team to get things organised. yes, there are things that, if they are not answered, might persuade me to cancel my pledge (specifically, if the audio output remains a poxy headphone socket, rather than decent phono (phono for pono! yeah)). there's still a month, let's give a little credit that priorities will prevail. i don't have any dsd but the reasons given by the creators for not going dsd is not that the sq is inferior  just that there is no push for it. well i thought the whole point of this campaign is to create a real push for superior sq. in the same vein, a superior dac and below par connections, might give me to conclude that i'm better off streaming from my phone to my hi-fi dac. some test results (as have been requested by a number of backers) might alleviate concerns.  as jackson browne (why no s.e.?) might sing: take it easy :)
way to go ny, you've always been a big picture man ! love your music and your ideas, great to be apart of this. imagine what else you could do :)
@michel. couldn't agree more, to the point that i have withdrawn my pledge for the pono player. it's really unfair the levy applied to us on the continent when the pono team could quite easily (as you say) mark these as a gift, or ship to amazon.co.uk. the lower price offered to us as early backers/guinea pigs becomes irrelevant, so i would now rather wait until it hits retail, ponomusic.com has been launched and reviews have been made until i buy the pono. the celeb testimonials sound great, but by and large they were for the pono system installed in neil's car, and not the portable player. looking forward to some actual reviews....
@e.t. i know, but if i can make a point for open source and linux i just can't let it go past. :)
@michel game changing is a fine thing ... last time i read an article about the dead of the flac format. i see this more as a chance to get high quality music in a long term and if the provider don't disadvantage me in my daily usage it will be fine for me. maybe some other things came later. to the game changing thing ... currently less then 10000 people. now split this number by the different gengres. is there still a market for high quality music? i hope so but i'm not really optimistic and so imo i put the discussion about operating systems to a later day ... but i don't will foreget it :-d \m/
adn this then this answer "can you make special shipping arrangements (make as gift to avoid duty, avoid vat taxes, etc.)? unfortunately, no." could you make it sound more illegal what some people are asking? :) europeans are merely asking if you could ship to amazon.de or co.uk like other kickstart projects are doing so the duties wouldn't be that absurdly high because taxes are calculated in a different way, more consumer friendly.
@eiko thomas that's correct and probably the way to do it. but it's the fact it's waved away so easy that ticks me off a bit. if you're on windows and apple we are investing money but if you're on linux you're on your own. they claim they want to be a game changer, so show it by being the first in the music industry to start embracing linux as a valid platform. a lot of musicians already are using linux for creating their music.
if you can connect it like a memory stick it should work also with free operating systems. i hope (and can't imagine anything else :-d) the buying of tracks will also via web browser available. who has the need of just another stupid media organizer?
so no linux support, that's a shame. for a project that wants to change the world (which they aren't because, other then a nice design and monetizing it with a music store, their not the first doing this) they are still looking at old school os's. take a look at the gaming industry who are starting to embrace the gnu/linux. be the first in the music industry to do something really new and. hell you're getting more then the project goal a little cross platform programming isn't that difficult using the right tools. looked at the video for the first time last night and had a big laugh at all those music people. if you hear about this difference for the first time as an artist you weren't paying attention to what those record labels are doing to you own music. only a few, amongst who was eddy vedder, couldn't be caught looking like someone who lives in a happy unicorn world. don't get me wrong i like the fact that neil is making this statement (again) and maybe this time the music world will listen. but don't pretend your the first one creating a device to listen to better compression techniques then mp3. it looks great, hope it sounds great and (in my case) it had a couple of signatures i like to have :)
i'm a $400 (csny) supporter - i second brian wilson, add audiophile goddess jennifer warnes ... and please ask jimmy iovine to do a signature edition - show the love!
let's see a brian wilson signature edition… should be one for all the gods!
+1 ulf preisler, what he said.
i'm not so worried about the import duty situation. what i am worried about, however, is not to be in a worse situation than anyone else. i have a clear expectation that i can connect to ponomusic.com like anyone else and purchase the music. if i can't, then i suggest neil & co. look at this seriously. this only works when there is a proper ecosystem--whether pono's own or the ability to hook up with another. i've gotten stuff from hdtracks and other places, and the quality is variable, to say the least. i don't want to scrape around for one track here, one track there. what i want is a complete experience from day one, not a handicapped one. otherwise the ponomusic team should have targeted this at us/uk/canada on the front page of the project. if they already have the major labels on board there's no reason why they couldn't make a worldwide deal. the labels have lived with itunes for a long time now, so i really can't see that as an excuse.
... ponomusic.com ... not ponymusic.com ... :-)
will the stores in the us, canada and uk be available for other countries? from germany i would be able to use the uk ponymusic.com, no?
+1 adrian wynne. how will the store work in oceania.
hi,  i'm a backer based in hong kong and i wondered if there was any way that i could have a listen to the ponoplayer, since i am basically buying one unheard. i was also wondering if it sounded better than my (admittedly poorly designed, but fantastic sounding colorfly c3? when coupled with a decent wav track)
if the store does not work world wide that is almost like drm. and as a new zealander how is that going to go for go quality music for as and the rest of the world  pleas explain
i'm in..... james taylor signature got my vote...    how many of the artists are checking back for a sales update........ ha!  i hope i get some of the great early analog recordings of j.t on my pono!  show some love for the others too.  thanks pono peoples.
free but only mp3, same as other people's giving links. i don't think any give ultra hi rez, for free. such as what pono is designed for.https://soundcloud.com/tatanaz/forever-young-bob-dylan86
@all  another 65 million free tracks http://www.ektoplazm.com/
@all. here is another site with flac downloads reasonable prices https://www.munckmusic.com/wms/index.html
check out this free link.http://grooveshark.com/#!/queue
@henry hanna only 51000 recordings should be able to find something for everyone  their are other sources as well that you have to pay for but these are all free enjoy
@tjc, 24 bit flac search results... http://archive.org/search.php…  thank you!
this about so much more than a music device... it's the crest of a wave signalling the start of an audio revolution. for years, convenience has been the reason mp3s ever existed. i'm happy to give my money to pono, regardless of the item itself or not. i would give that money many times over just to know that the reputation/existence of mp3s is dwindling, in favour of a sonically rich recording. viva la revolucion!
@tjc, i just saw your comment and entered the http://archive.org/  site. great! thank you!
@tjc- no my internet is not down:) look at the kicktraq data- the pledges are cut down in half- from 3922 backers yesterday to current 1920 backers. also i did not think that "rock musician" is answering or managing the ks project- likely the team he employed are answering. and they are doing a poor job so far (day 3 winding down already). so many unanswered questions about the self-proclaimed best music player itself. would be best if this is tested by independent reviewers without any financial obligation.
@ peter sellers. the dac used in the player is ess sabre 9018.
neil-thank you for your continued dedication to quality in musical sounds!
i'm a backer and believe that this project needs to be successful for those of us that want the best possible sound. that being said i think pono will fail with the projected cost of the album.  flac files are easily available on file sharing servers and charging more for a higher resolution file is contrary to the artistic vision of the project. the music industry is taking the original file that pono will use and compressing it for streaming and itunes.  there is no additional costs to a higher res file and the same people that own the rights to the original own the rights to the high res file. the cost needs to be the same as itunes or this will fail, miserably.  people will also be moving to streaming, and apple already let's you stream content you already own.  the only reason to own a file is to have the higher quality, that would take up your monthly data plan. i hope this is addressed because i would be willing to upgrade my library, but not at 25 per album.
@tjc i'm certainly won't be umping off until the end of the ks project and i will take into consideration all the factors you mention, but the convenience of a dedicated store would be a large factor for many - myself included. if i can't get that it certainly diminishes the value proposition of pono.
(itunes does worldwide, not quality if it was not clear on my message..rs. )
i was expecting heavy customs, but i was not prepared to have an empty pono by not been provided with quality music worldwide as itunes does. (not empty, 2 csny albums actually...). so, (north) americans, canadians and uk fellows,  i'm considering to let go my csny pono.
i like the fact that independent artists can send their music to pono to be added to their music store, that's great support for capable artists who don't otherwise have proper music distribution.
are the artist series players chosen according to when you pledged?  i pledged for one and i'm curious if the series number that will be sent is already determined based off of when i pledged for it.
hi, i would like the folks at ayre to be more specific in the details about what dac is being used. is it a wolfson or ess sabre?
i
and much love to the pono team! thanks for making this possible!
can't wait to get my ny signed player!! love you neil!
this is posted elsewhere, but i'll paste it here as well. "4. can you make special shipping arrangements (make as gift to avoid duty, avoid vat taxes, etc.)? unfortunately, no. " technically you are not buying a player with your donation/investment, so there is some wiggle room there. and i'm not suggesting anyone break the law, but if youre not buying it your net return on your investment is -001k, and that amount is the only amount that would be subject to capital gains, or in this case, losses. additionally, for most governments, since you're placing your investment at risk, it's not commercial trade, so not taxable as such. but heck, i can think of 100 more legal ways around this conundrum if i put my, read "your," mind to it.
disappointed that you guys can't even look into alternate shipping arrangements for uk/europe backers. to those in uk/europe - be aware you will have to pay a hefty customs charge (plus royal mail fee in the uk) before you can receive your package. for the uk - this could be 50 - 70 gbp for one of the artist series models. i'm still ecstatic to have bought one and to back this initiative, but i feel people should be aware, as i have been caught myself before due to my own ignorance to such matters.
@tjc, so having a pono and living in brazil is not the same of having an ipod and not being able to connect with itunes store? i dont know much about flac recordings...thank you for your help!
@ rob "i'm not buying from pono myself but i fully support the goal of bringing high quality audio to the internet age." rob the internet has been trying to bring audio to people for a while for thoise who want free music much of which is flac quality go check this site out internet archive has been around and has thousands of recordings many of them flac quality for sure better than mp3 and yes you can get crappy mp3's their as well http://archive.org/browse.php…
@jonathoncriswell......as my post says....i'm looking for communication with other devices more than using bt for the sound.
@shane o'dea not sure why you would jump so quick i have have tons of flac recordings they are not that hard to get if you look around some you may find that they are cheaper than the pono store will charge  demand will drive the prices down this is not new technology  most people just have been satisfied with the crappy mp3's check into it you have 32 days left to drop but if you do drop let us know ahead of time as the limited ones will be worth some money you might get it and sell on ebay for the right one you might make a killing.
just read update #2 point 4 about 'special shipping arrangements' misses the point. most of us europeans aren't asking you to break the law by declaring the player as a gift, but rather to look very carefully at whether there are shipping options that will reduce the $100+ extra that we will all have to pay to import it and that could easily be avoided. point 6 about extra neil young players. obviously it's a limited edition, but the edition size could be changed to 1000 rather than 100 and the extras offered to current se backers as a substitute. of the initial 100 i guess half went to the guest list and the rest to those who were just lucky enough to sign in at the right time. so much for long term hard core fans - did anybody seriously think there would only be demand for a 100 ny players? good business for ebay and the 'money no object' collectors i guess...
son you know it's got soul ... now for the best and later for the garbage ;-) go pono!
bluetooth is not lossless, it is comparable to mp3 quality. a audiophile type of portable music player has no need to include such a low quality feature.
i see you have posted photos of some of the other le signed pono's, how about posting the csny version, that's a lot of signatures!
i am so jazzed to see people excited about, and to be a part of such a noble effort. would love to know  components / specs of the system neil is using in that cadillac! wouldn't be a bad idea to offer the ultimate pledge/reward (a listening ride with bernard shakey)
hmmm, just read update 2 and the following... "the ponomusic.com store will launch in the us, uk, and canada". ...is going to cause a lot of people not from these countries, including myself, to cancel their pledge.
the update also inferred that there would be more signature models available....wonder who?????
to go with what i just posted....i heard that the player is android based......i suppose just the space needed for a blutooth radio would preclude it.
just read the update. no bluetooth....i was more looking to communicate with the device....control music play from a pebble watch or qualcomm toq. i didn't know that audio over bluetooth wouldn't be possible.
i'm not buying from pono myself but i fully support the goal of bringing high quality audio to the internet age. i wish you the best of luck on your project. i'm a music lover but i'm also the the type of person who will give up quality for convenience. if you can get prices down and bring quality to convenience, that's awesome!
@dylan normally the project owners will send a survey to confirm the details closer to shipping dates.
i'll try again (note that this has been asked at least three times now over the past two days): how are you determining shipping address? amazon only asks for billing address. where will the product be shipped?
hi can you add cover flow or album flow to the pono player and can i add bluetooth too? thanks
i'm from brazil and i donated $5 bucks. the reason i did not donated $400,00 on a csny pono player was: how's the pono music store gonna work? usa only? worldwide? i'm really fed up with some high resolution store policy... anyway, this is an amazing stuff, i really felt pride to see that lots of people share the enthusiasm and most of all, believe in music! congratulations neil and staff. this is what music is all about! we're gonna make history here!
is music downloaded through the pono store proprietary to the pono player?  in other words, will i only ever be able to listen to that music on a pono player? what kind of dmr are we talking about? what's the expected price range for music on the pono store?  will it be comparable to itunes, or substantially more?  will we be able to purchase individual tracks from an album, or will we be forced to buy the entire album? i want to be excited about this product, but there's an awful lot of unknowns that's holding a lot of that excitement back.
yeah, please don't let us europeans get shafted with import duties. the fact that they are offering international shipping means that they should be considering import duties for their european backers also. any word on this pono team. the amount we pledge should be the amount we have to pay....
hi can you make the pono player  support the below audio formats and sample rate? wav, flac, wma, mp3, ogg, ape(normal, high, fast), aac, alac, aiff, dff, dsf flac, wav, alac, aiff : 8khz ~ 192khz (8/16/24bits per sample) / dsd native : dsd64 (1bit 2.8mhz), stereo / dsd128 (1bit 5.6mhz), stereo and can you make the hard drive inside the pono player 1tb or 2 tb? will it come with eq 10 band? can you make the pono player to work with wifi so i can buy and download the songs from your pono music.com store directly without the need to hook up the pono player to my mac. thank you
@fred burkert yes, in your profile under things you have backed when on the kickstarter website. but you can also see your number on the kickstarter app on your phone once the project is closed, when the button button changes to "view pledge" instead of "manage pledge"
@rich hart. in the specs they say usb is micro
is there somewhere to see what number of backer one actually was when he committed to join up on neil's pono journey?
way to go tom petty!! all gone!
eeeesssh, just calculated our import duty to the uk to be $110.
i really wish the included some foreign artists ... jethro tull, for instance, or if that's too old maybe e-type or blümchen.  and maybe some harder u.s. artists like mindless self indulgence or hollywood undead....
as some 7000 other backers, i have already pledged for a ponoplayer purely based on the information provided on the product detail pages/frequently asked questions. there are a lot of "be nice to have's" in the comments so far, but i believe as long as the ponoplayer delivers what is stated in the basic information then i'll be happy.  whatever else comes along, be it in the way of upgraded components/features/storage as standard or soley on the signature series models or as additional content included as bonuses etc. will be just that i.e. a bonus. just looking forward to october and hearing it for the first time!!!!
what a great initiative. i hope the music will eventually be a bit cheaper than forecasted right now. i would especially be interested in a package of vinyl+pono digital for a reasonable price. keep on rockin!
i posted this about 30 hours ago:so, in addition to some very important questions already asked: are the l.e. numbers allocated in sequence? i.e. if i was pledger #444 of the csn+y l.e., will that be the number appearing on my received pono? 2) will the dac be accessible from a pc's usb output? 3) will my flacs, not purchased through pono, be usable on the pono? 4) what headphones are you recommending for use with the pono? thanks and congrats on a hugely successful campaign and for allowing fans to get closer" now, please, i understand that you answered 3 in the faq's, can we please have some more fax? :)
3) will the usb socket be micro (as in the faqs) or mini as in the video (and i think some early info)? 4) can the dac be used as a computer out via usb, direct to audio out?
now that a creator is finally answering on here.. thanks, this is important. 1) what about sales to non-us purchasers on the pono site? 2) any comments on the line-out sockets?
in answer to sagar below and others that have asked, ponomusic will be selling the highest quality audio files that exist for a particular album from the artist/record company.
will it be possible to purchase a "handmade leather case" separately for those who get the regular $300 player option that is not a "artist signature series" model ?
thanks, the ponomusic team.  i also re-read the main kickstarter page for the project and realized that i had previously missed the section which talks about "... furthermore, we are working with a fantastic desktop media center vendor to build out the ponomusic app for mac and windows pc. this media management application will act as the hub of your pono ecosystem. it will allow you to ..."
hi pono team, i wish you good luck and appreciate your efforts. i am living outside of the us (in israel). i know that there are some online mp3 music stores that are selling music to  us bank account holders only. are there restrictions on buying music on the pono music stores depending on the country of residence? in other words, could i buy pono music from where i live?
keep the responses coming...much appreciated, makes me feel more part of the pono team!
? of the day! will the customers who bought pono players be given a stick and/or t-shirt?
we will be providing desktop software to manage your tunes and synch with your player, much like itunes. there will be desktop software for both macs and windows pc. to transfer files you plug the player into a usb port. you will also be able to plug the pono player into the input jack in your automobile to use as an aux source.
i sent the following as a message to the pono music team, but thought i would post it here also. i haven't read through all of the previous comments yet, so i apologize if this is duplicating previous conversations: "i have a couple of questions about transferring music files to the device. (1) will pono music be providing software similar to itunes for desktop computers for syncing files between the computer and the pono music portable player ? (2) if so, will there be a version of that software for apple macos computers such as the macbook air and macbook pro laptops ? i have itunes and ipod / ipad now. also, i currently am able to play music from my ipod classic in my toyota prius car by means of a usb cable that connects my ipod classic device to the car. the car also allows usb memory sticks containing mp3 files to be plugged in, and the car dashboard displays the song, artist, and album name information. are there any plans for integrating pono music players with in car systems ?"
@sagar shankar, surely this is wonderful, but the main question, that is, the technical aspects of pono, remains shrouded. the staff doesn't respond neither in private messages, nor here, they also haven't mentioned any emails or other possible communication channels on their monosite, and i am not surprised by this outcome. still i hope they will answer the questions i posted several hours ago, because good results of technical measurements and simple plots can say more that thousand words, or more that 11-minute video with celebrities, in our case. :) i'm not even asking what innovations they hid under the hood, it is a commercial secret, of course, although, to be honest, nothing was invented in the sphere of audio in the last 30 years.
having a pair of single ended outputs, would be great! this way we could use our existing cables. also, this would give unit best transfer of analog signal...please...
i'd sure like to know how much digital song collections will cost. looking at other flac files for sale......the two albums on the device might be all i can ever afford. availability at a reasonable price is mentioned a lot....but what does that mean
perhaps a stretch goal could be a choice of headphones at attractive prices? please also note those of us who really would like phono audio out sockets
great to see a response from the pono team. the most important question is regarding the quality of "high-res" files that are going to be sold on your store. will they be a brand new copy from the original masters or just conversions from existing files - ala beck
thanks ponomusic team for this answer regarding the headphones.
in response to several questions about headphones, we will be providing recommendations and offering several models for sale on our store when we launch. the audio experience is excellent with any decent headphone or earbuds from many of the well respected brands. we've used products ranging from $80 up with excellent results. at our press demo yesterday ayre used sennheiser momentum headphones that retail for $300. we've also gotten amazing results using audeze headphones, etymotic in-ears, and many others. to those asking why we didn't bundle headphones, it's because many already own a pair and we wanted to offer the player at the best price possible.
how about a yo-yo ma signature edition?
if i'm not mistaken, in the esquire interview ny says that the harvest version used in pono is a brand new copy of the original master, transferred to digital at the highest quality possible. he also said that if you buy an album at the current highest resolution, and a new, higher resolution version becomes available, you should be able to download the new, higher resolution version for free.
it would be really nice if pono will use some standart li-ion batteries, e.g. 17500, 18350, 18500, 18650
as we can't be limited by the incoming bugdet of a huge enterprise as apple offering us bad quality,we also can't be slaves of bad politicians  who overwhelm citizens with 100% taxes ( as it is nowadays in brazil).
please, add support of last.fm scrobling at least while sync through desktop app. i already have ibasso dx50 and it has quiete reasonable price for it's sound. hope pono will be his older brother :)
one pearl jam just popped up!
i'd wager a limited edition springsteen player would sell out in a snap...
1.	a review by a reputable audiophile respected source is needed. 2.	for my ears dsd is the ultimate format, so the ability to decode dsd would be a great addition. 3.	hopefully the amp section will be able to handle high-end iems the likes of the shure s535.
thanks for the pono player!  question: would there ever be a chance for a higher memory capacity version? 128gb is woefully inadequate for lossless audio...  love to sign up for a 512gb version.   sure it will probably be $200 more, but i am more than happy to pay this, for the gained convenience.  i understand there are 64gb memory card options, but those are a) super tiny - and hence easy to lose, and b) a major hassle swapping things constantly in and out. for convenience reason i really want 512gb built-in, rather than in 8 x 64gb card-jockey style...  might a 512gb version be an idea for a stretch goal?
please make this project eu friendly!!!  i need to pay additional 37% vat and import tax over the pledge.  other projects using distribution companies, such shipnaked to make their project eu friendly. please consider this, and don't follow other companies (like apple), who are handling the european market absolute secondary.
thanks neil, time is overdue for this ...
i've been waiting for a product like this for many years - an affordable(ish) and convenient way to listen to great music while out. the pono sounds (hah!) perfect for me. but... i am concerned that there is no outside verification of the product. the videos all contain people who will profit, directly or indirectly, from the sale and from an upsurge in demand for higher fidelity recordings. that doesn't mean the product isn't good - and i truly hope it is amazing - but it would go a very long way toward making me and others feel better if ponomusic were to have at least one or two reputable audiophile-respected sources review the product as it is now. yes, it's not complete, but we'd reasonably assume that what we'd get would be at least as good as what the reviewer got. this isn't my first rodeo, er, backed kickstarter project. i'm aware of the risks. however, throwing down $300 for a device that i will be able to buy for, at most, $100 more once it comes out means i need some reason to believe that getting it early (and tying up my money for half a year at least) is worthwhile. i honestly don't care at all about the formats it supports as long as it'll also support common formats so i can take advantage of the dac and amp. what i *do* care about is how it sounds. is it truly vastly better than, say, an iphone 5s or a samsung galaxy? i'd surely *hope* so, but the mere fact it supports higher-fidelity standards and has excellent parts doesn't mean that, once you plug in headphones, it *sounds* better. if it does - and it should - then it should be a complete n0-brainer for ponomusic to send these out to a few reviewers *as beta versions* to see what they think. those reviewers should be people who don't stand to gain financially from the success of the pono. just my opinion, but that would make me feel a lot better about investing early on and tying up finances for a long time for a relatively minor price break.
@delescaille to be exactly....the ny concert in forest national was in 1976. i was there too and it was awesome.i still have the ticket :-)
@jonathanplatteau don't let go your plegde! we can make some american adress friends within 33 days! hehe...
ps. they made it wordwide
mark the package as a gift or as a sample and, if needed, fill with a low manufacturing cost as $5. that's the way arena was able to deliver a new swim suit for the recall of power skin for all customers without customs fee.
i backed about half a dozen kickstarters and only had a problem twice. if they mark the package as a gift(since technically it is a gift, seeing as you don't buy a product but you are backing an idea and you get the reward as a gift for your support) you should be ok. the two times they wanted extra custom fees. i filed a complaint and told them it was a gift i got for a donation i made to a company, and they waived their charges. this is dutch customs though, rules in belgium might be different.
will more artist editions be made available? i'd love to see a ramones edition with the 1st three lps with the original lineup or a social distortion edition also.
@tjc i did not want to make that sound as a 'threat'... one lost pono-pledge will not worry them :-). i just wanted to make clear that, in my experience, the custom fees we have to pay in belgium (when packages come from outside the eu) can rise the price way over the retailprice... i have backed over 55 kickstarterprojects and for a quarter of them, i've had to pay extra custom-fees. more and projects are sending the eu-rewards from inside the eu to avoid this... just like bill h suggested a couple of posts below...
bought my arcade fire edition and going to see them tonight in toronto. love the global commitment and passion for great music becoming greater through pono music. can't wait for my player!
@jonathan platteau threats to project creators is always effective let us know which one you pledged on so we maybe can get one of the sold out ones when you drop out
@richheart i am sure once they sober up they will reply to all the questions they hit a home run so far on this one i just get amazed with some of the impatient comments demanding answers
@tom anderson hate to say it but we need a push for better musicians the technology is their to record them. this music format you will hear what the artist sounds like good or bad just like when you listened to a vinyl record.  unfortunately to many of today's artist sound pretty bad when the technology don't fix them up.  same was true in the past but the poor quality musicians quickly went away and you remember the good ones. when today's poor musicians go away who will you have left be honest their isn't many that you will want to listen to in this music format
i always liked the man. i always loved his music. what else could i say ? woaw, waving a happy hello from belgium to a great artist and an honest man i saw at forest national/ brussels in... a long time ago ! forty years ? hey, hey, my, my. pono is a great idea for real music lovers.
@tjc i do hope that they don't just think that they just look at it as 'sit back and rake in the cash'. don't forget that backers also have 33 days to cancel their pledge. $2.5m and any more that is pledged, could turn to $0
@jonathan you are a bit young to be up on customs-friendly shipping. btw tell your minder/did that his specs are cool :)
@second guess  serious slowed down maybe your internet is down looks like thier pace is still going strong.  remember this is from a rock musician they are probably partying and oblivious to what day it is, but who cares they have 33 days to give an answer and even if they don't they made their goal they can sit back and rake in the cash.
@richheart more and more kickstarter projects are offering eu-friendly shipping. all of them ship from within the eu. some projects have succesfully used amazon.de and amazon.co.uk to handle their shipping. so, it is possible and manageable to do this! i hope the projectteam really looks into the shipping for eu-backers. if not, i will have to cancel my pledge, because otherwise my pono will turn out to be more expensive through kickstarter in comparison with the retailprice....
@bill i too have incurred customs charges on imports via ks. the lawyers involved don't adopt the donation vs. actual cost of material arguments, unfortunately. that leaves us to just accept that $400 becomes 400quid :(
just subscribed for a beck. very sad that after buying neil young records and cds for most of my 65 years (at least the ones i can remember) all the ny-associated specials have gone before i even saw the campaign. maybe it would be good idea to increase the ny specials to say 5000? on the customs front - i'm in the uk and and i can say that all my other ks projects have resulted in customs vat and duty charges (plus post office handling!). it would be good if a container load could be shipped to europe from china then on-shipped to european backers. pono would have to pay the import duties, but only on cost, not on sale price, which i would hope could be absorbed?
some great comments here... my biggest concern is from the music industry side of the coin. a high-res digital recording at 192khz/24bit is awesome as long as the original master recording is up to the task. but gigo... unfortunately many of today's masters will not be up to the task. we will need an across-the-industry response and big push from musicians for higher quality mastering. cheers
would be good if pono had some firm recommendations for headphones and maybe even a collaboration with someone like etymotic research. i use their er4p and have tried many others but keep coming back to them -  and know that they only work well when driven properly, then they sound stunning. hope the headphone amplifier in the pono is up to the job.
would be grea if the pono team started sending out review samples to places like inner fidelity, dar etc
@david liew don't disagree with any of that david and it will be interesting when further technical data is hopefully released such as that mentioned by ivan charodel below.
i would love to see a "the rainmakers" signature series with dsd support :)
please, please, please have van morrison in the archives, i am so tired if cd, mp3 and other formats. i want to hear van , like on vinyl. mahalo.
a question for the pono crew that is being asked a lot.  i have already pledged for a neil young edition, but would like a t shirt too. how do i do this? it looks like i can have one or the other but not both. this seems to be a popular question so maybe an addition to the faq? i guess i could log in with a different email address and do it hat way?
how about a limited edition neil young and crazy horse?
i already use an a&k 120 and think it is wonderful. it does more that the pono, but it is very expensive. but it has shown that digital can sound as good as vinyl at last. pono should bring that experience to many more people and give a kick up the backside to the music industry. hats off to neil and the crew and the musicians who are endorsing the whole project. neil has held his stance about the poor quality of digital for many years and is doing something really positive about it. pono is a pipsqueak right now but from acorns do mighty oak trees grow. the people are speaking with their wallets. i hope the industry hears that voice. i wonder how apple will respond - maybe even support flac? i also hope that the dac in the pono approaches the quality of the wolfsons in the ak120 as they even make cd quality stuff sound good. i am lucky as i managed to get in very early and bag one of the neil young editions. looking forward to it. nice one neil. and thank you.
as the project managers are active but are not seeming to be responding, i'm gonna write down my thoughts in public, as these are the questions that trouble not only me, but, i suppose, the biggest part of the audience. i recently acquainted myself with your ponoplayer (thanks to the same celebrity marketing strategy that beats used), and some questions have arisen.  first, you write "the ponoplayer will certainly be recognizable on your desk as the unique product it is – the world’s best sounding portable digital music player." will it be really the best sounding dap in the world? that's highly surprising, as few even heavily modded commercial players can surpass widely acknowledged among lovers of high fidelity like the hifi ma9 or hifiman 801 player. price is not the point, as i will show a bit later. the second question: both players i mentioned are built on a multibit dac, meaning they surpass any delta-sigma dac in naturality, attacks, macrodynamics and, most importantly, transient response. as a matter of fact, the last one is crucial - human ear will recognise instrumental timbres differently, if the musical player performs the attacks poorly. for example, a well known hifiman 601, built around old (and cheap, geez!) multibit tda1543, mantains superb perfomance thanks to its excellent transient characteristics. even though it has exceedingly high for a hifi player harmonic distortion - 0.05% (and it makes the sound a bit "dirty")- it sounds more natural, than daps built on delta-sigma dac. another example, the myst 1866 portative dac ocub (also built on multibit dac) has unparalleled transient characteristics (http://ozvuke.pro/index.php…), which, coupled with his very good overall perfomance (e.g. thd = 0.003%), makes its sound extremely natural and clear, and this is the reason why it is easily outperforming the two top-of-the-line dap i mentioned above. even more - makes it the best sounding portable device in the world. what makes you so confident that your pono will outmatch at least these two top daps, not to mention the myst ocub? third question is a popular one: what is the need of the praised by marketologists 24/192? even if the human ear cannot distinguish between hi-res and 16/44.1, who will protect the customers from buying low-quality hi-res like described here http://archimago.blogspot.com.au/2014/03/follow-up-anomalies-in-becks-morning.html ? i mean, where is the guarantee that the record itself would be perfect?  and the last question - i would like you to announce to the people the technical measurements of your device, like those of myst ocub i linked above. that is, the harmonic distortion test, the frequency response test, intermodulation distortion test and transient response test on 10khz and 100hz square waves.  the last question is a crucial one, really - good technical parameters will say about your pono more that a thousand ads. and perhaps even more that a million ads, because technically good devices are valued very high among the people you consider as your target audience. this information should be of no secret, unlike the very components you chose (which is a know-how, of course), and i guess this info is what we all deserve. with best regards and great respect,  ivan
the sabre ess 9018 dac is fabulous when configured right!!  next to high audio quality i hope the li-ion battery inside is an easy to swap / easy to source type!
@shane o'dea ibasso dx50 and fiio x3 is 1/2 the price of pono while their higher spec dx90 and x5 is around the same price as pono. don't get me wrong, pono is reasonable priced compared to what's out today. just want everyone to know that there are others which are on par or even better which have been overlooked due to lack of marketing/celebrity power. i believe they should also be credited for their influence and exposure to the community towards high fidelity audio.
very funny blair, thanks for the commentary!
@david liew >>check out astell kern, hifiman, ibasso... sure but pono is about one half to one third the price for a similar spec. if the build quality meets expectations then the pono is a no brainer.
as of halfway through day two, neil young wins the pono backing popularity contest hands down. he also helped csn by adding his name to theirs, so they come 2nd by virtue of neil-association, but by themselves they don't quite have the pulling power, csn only managing 6th place after pearl jam at 3rd, tom petty at 4th and foo fighters at 5th. patti smith is after csn-alone at 7th, beck and norah jones neck & neck at 8th place with 133 backers each, wiping out the 9th spot and putting arcade fire in at 10th place. the rest are lagging far behind - willie nelson got out of the blocks very slowly, while poor old lenny kravitz, whose only memorable moment that i recall was back in the mid 90s with "are you gonna go my way", seems to have stumbled out of the blocks, fallen over & twisted his ankle with only 46 backers supporting him after 30 hours. even james taylor, who started late, has surpassed lenny. dave matthews band (crikey, who would back that) on 85, herbie hancock, who i should've backed though didn't, on 110, and my morning jacket, who also missed the starting gun by a good 24 hours, are trailing the whole field with only 26 backers. thank you.
heard about this today and immediately became a backer. great idea and product, thanks to all involved. btw, i'm hosting an av get together in no cal at the end of the month. would be fun to have a prototype there to show the group. it would be playing through some amazing loudspeakers. :-)
when testing the prototype pono players, have any headphones/headphone types been found to be preferred over others?
nobody is bothering to reply the comments or questions posed. i think they are overwhelmed by the response.  @chris @ bitemyapple- you may be right but the pledges seemed to have slowed down. if they manage the project right (by being responsive), they may snag the top spot.
dusting off my jensen 5's in the garage...thanks to neil and the crew!
@ dana gibson.. i think the pono could be the #1 funded project on ks the way things are going.. taken that spot away from pebble...
@ron thomas dac supposed to be a sabre es9018
@alberto polanco  i already got one, and instead of being a fan boy and believing every crap coming out of ny is gold, maybe you should learn more about audio instead of being a mindless zombie. while you may choose to be ignorant, i'm sure there are others who would want to know more than be like you.
i want the signature neil young, but all sold out. does anyone no if dac inside unit is burr-brown?
@joewood thanks....i haven't done much with kickstarter up until now. i do have a pebble though.
is there a waiting list in case someone's credit card ***cough cough*** declines? would love a pj signature model but it's sold out, so i ordered the foo fighters one. and why no bruce signature model?  that one would seem like a no brainer too.
i ordered the cs&n limited player. on player output they should have added rca outputs and mini-jack output. if they added balanced xlr outputs, would have been perfect. i'm not sure connecting mini out to rca inputs, is the best connection. i don't think you can get hi end cable, with hi-end shielding in that format. also, i hope this gives my krell cipher player, a run for its money. if it does, i may sell the krell. my krell cipher source with siltech g7 signature power and interconnect cables cost over $20000.00. i'm from toronto canada, take care.
@joe wood, i read all the documentation and honestly, did not watch that video, which hopefully shows only a prototype. but yes, a clarification is necessary.  hopefully, the final first edition has the micro-usb and not the mini-usb.
@william pietrzak foda-se você, você abaixando bicha.
@david liew are you going to shut up and get one?
i fully realize that pono does not want to alienate anyone, and of course they want to sell as many pono players as possible, however, i think the pono player should not support any lossy formats at all.
for goodness sakes. pono isn't revolutionary or a new standard of audio players. there are many high end music players which have already been on sale for years. check out astell kern, hifiman, ibasso before god-ifying pono...
i am so happy to have the opportunity to give back to a dream of neil young! he has been  responsible for many of mine. this is going to hit the stratosphere! thank you to all of the artists and music industry people who have lined up behind neil for this. neil is a genius!!!!
@dana gibson: i'm guessing he means he thinks this will top the pledges for the pebble watch, which i think is to-date the top earner for ks.
psss.  yeah, i know there's a foo fighters le.  (there's nothing worse than having someone looking over your shoulder while posting!)
i can't wait... foo fighters!!! 400 down!!! wow ... can't wait to get my hand on this revolutionary product!!! called pono
before i say this i want it understood that if the artist accepts, i want edition 1 of 500, otherwise i'll be po'ed.  after watching the documentary "sound city" i have really admired what dave grohl has done for bringing the soul of music back with that film.  i consider him as much as visionary in the area of refidelitizing music as anyone else pursuing this.  ps.  you should probably have a ny with crazy horse edition as well if you're in it to raise money.  well heck, neil and lawrence welk would probably sell out in a few hours as well.  pss. i'm not kidding about the #1 dg edition.  respectfully and considerately, bp.  ;)
was wondering how is it possible to rip out ultra high def quality songs from a cd i have? the only high quality format i could get from ripping my cd is in flac.
dead chuffed to back this project... finally! guess like many of you, i've been waiting for a hi-rez service that can provide a genuine 'one-stop-shop' for all music lovers, and not just some limited 'niche' of a library. with mr young at the helm, we have a captain of integrity and world-renown, with the clout and the stomach to see this thing through. here's to pono becoming everything we want and need it to be... roll on october!
chris @bitemyapple.....how do you figure?
i think we have finally found the pebble watch killer....
so happy to be part of the original team! and now $2 million in 2 days! let's hope this keeps up at this rate!  question: is there any way to find out what every groups "favorite" albums are?  i was lucky enough to get the csny artist signature early bird series. i hope it's "deja vu" and "4 way street".  am i right?
how many songs pono can hold?
@joe wood obviously this does need to be clarified.
@karl apps already exist but don't expect much on a crappy iphone it's a telephone not a audio player
@robert mais: i did see the mention of the micro usb cable in the faq, but the video very obviously shows a mini usb jack as well as has a label saying "mini usb"... so, at the very least, someone needs to clarify the situation.
i have just backed up the project. i chose james tayloer signature pono player. $400 + $15 to have it shipped to uk. now, am i going to pay for customs, too? :o
any plans to make an app for ios/android. i know it won't sound as good as the pono player, but it would make it more accessible.
can we drag and drop files into onboard and memory card? or like itunes have to sync them in?
these kickstarters have ended already, but i can't wait to use this with the aurisonic rockets and the woojer
as the amount we are raising is for funding the project and the money is not directly attached to the product, i hope that it is possible to be arranged by amazon.
if amazon ship it as "sample", declaring a minimum cost ($5) or no cost, it would not be  charged (at least here...)
i wonder about the wording on the $300 pledges. "savings of $99 off $399 player." shouldn't that be a saving of $299 off the price? - just as with the $200 pledge you "save $199 off the $399 player."
i hope that, since amazon handles the shipping, they are shipping them directly to amazon first and then amazon will take care of the rest. if there would be additional customs charges, the savings you get would actually get eaten up by the charges and for some countries, probably even more. this would not be a very good way to reward the backers, indeed.
best of both worlds.better sound quality and portable.cant wait to get it.
elvis has returned to the building !!!
true. a $400 pono shipped to brazil would cost about $800 including customs charge...
is it possible to review how these items will be shipped outside the us? for instance, shipping to the uk would incur a hefty import customs charge. a $400 pono will end up costing around $530 if just mailed straight from the us. i would imagine this could be avoided. thanks.
so what are csny's two favorite albums? (hopefully the csn box set and neil young archives, vol 1.... - hey, a guy can dream...!) seriously, will the pono player support the apple lossless codec? (that's what i encode most of my cds as.) regardless, looking forward to the player & sound clarity/quality.
need more carnegie hall  posters i missed out
@joe wood, in the faq it states that the pono will come with a micro usb cable.
@dave o'shaughnessy best thing to do is wait until these come out then take it with you to a good audio store heck you can even go to best buy and tell them you want to test their headsets. you will be quite surprised what you hear. my suggestion would be the koss esp 9 or esp 950 but those will run you a grand.  so try the pro4aa about $100 one thing you will find head phones over the years have been modified to make crappy mp3 files sound good when you have a good music source you wont want that and will want something that is clean that is why i am pulling out my old koss phones but i am sure their are others that sound good.  you can spend a fortune but its what sounds good to you that counts. i see people on a plane wearing bose headsets and they might be nice but to me when i am on a plane i use my etymotic er4 about $300 great sound and kills the airplane noise
+1 for shuffle mode.
will the player have a shuffle mode? dag i hope so!!
@david o'shaughnessy, go to grain audio. com.  this was also a good ks project.
as far as headphones i would say under $200 would be preferrable... thanks for any recomendations... these would be for around house (when i can carve out time for the kids)and portable (walking the dog... etc.)
hi there, dear pono partners, while dancing around the house, cheering over my pj pledge, i wondered if a remote control could be part of fine tuning this inspiring device? with or without this, i'll be over the moon when i'll be able to actually hold the pono in my hand. good luck!
@creator any chance of a grateful dead pono
great headphones around $100 sony 7506 sennheiser hd280
@karlo sperandio: the video *clearly* shows mini usb - look at john hamm's video (middle of the page) at the 3:41 mark. it not only says "mini usb" - it also visibly *is* mini usb. i agree with others that micro usb would be preferable.
neil, stop calling. i was gonna call back. and yes, dsd is a must.
@david o'shaughnessy: as tim said, a price point would be very helpful. also important would be whether you'd be listening around others or not (helps decide open-ended or closed styles), what types of music you prefer, how "portable" you'd need things to be, and so on. certainly, there are great headphones for under $200 - but your preferences will dictate the recommendations.
@davido'shaughnessy:  what are your bank's assets?  my break-the-bank might be your small-withdrawal.  and type of headphones makes a difference.  i like my <$200 panasonic noise-reducing full headphones - though i refuse to wear them walking down the street and revert to earbuds -  but they might not be at all suitable for you.
i've been hearing neil talk about this for years and wasn't convinced that it would ever really come to fruition, so it's great to see this.
can someone recommend some good headphones to use with pono that don't break the bank?
yes, sacd/dsd does sound much better than a pcm low res cd, i have the creedence sacd box and jimmy reed carnegie hall sacd done by steve hoffman/kevin gray which sound great. if the analog recording is transferred/mastered well then it should sound great in dsd and even better at the highest pcm level currently at 192/24. thankfully neil's longtime team of john nowland (analog/digital transfer) and tim mulligan (mastering/foh mixing engineer) are among (if not the) best at what they do. case in point, neil's records always sound the way neil intended them to sound, with the exception of his first reprise album and that funky haeco-csg processing.
@kevin, laser engraved is what it says on the project page.
dsd(direct stream digital) is the digital audio format found embedded into sacd(super audio cd) physical media. in common digital audio recording, pcm(pulse code modulation) is the y-axis of a sine wave is divided into 65000 (16bit) to 1,670 million(24bit) and the x-axis is divided into 44,000(44.1khz) to 192,000(192khz) parts. when comparing a standard pcm digital recording to the dsd approach, the digital signal is transformed by y-axis of the dsd sine waves that are measured at single bit(1bit, 0s and 1s) sequence and is divided 2.8 million(2.8mhz) to 5.6 million(5.6mhz) times into the x-axis. in general, when comparing sacd and pcm 16bit/44.1khz audio cds, sacds are recorded in frequency ranges up to 100khz and greatly expand the dynamic range over 120db while maintaining clarity of sound that a traditional pcm audio signal cannot reproduce. in order to listen to sacd or dsd stream, a dedicated sacd/dsd player is needed.
the actual artist signature(s).
not that i care, more curious. when they say artist signature series for example pearl jams player. will it just say pearl jam on it or have the signatures of the band imprinted on it?
(and posters are gone...)
the source must be great in order for the playback to be great. the headphones must be great in order to reproduce all that detail that's been captured. the player must deliver the source great. like a symphony, if one violinist sucks, the whole symphony suffers. therefore, no matter what the player is capable of delivering, the whole chain between the source and the ears must be as great or loss will occur. in the end, dsd or pcm, if you can't reproduce the source at the end correctly, it doesn't matter how it all started out.
dsd is not pcm. 44/16, 96/24 and 192/24 are still pcm formats that store information as square waves. then at playback this square wave passes through filters to round the edges back into sine waves. dsd does not need filters. so, a filter still isn't musical truth as it must recreate the original wave form.  dsd is a 1-bit medium sampling at 2.8 million times per second. 192/24 is sampled at 192 thousand times per second and then it is encoded into a 24-bit word. no different than cd other than more sampling has occurred resulting in better fidelity. but if you want analog, dsd is closest with current technology. as the supine wave goes positive, more ones (1) are recorded and as the sine wave goes negative more zeros are stored. effectively storing the sine wave like a vinyl album. so, while i am glad hi rez is finally being heard by the public, why stop at 192/24. if you like pcm, it goes even higher. 192/24 has been around a long time, before dsd (2001). if neil wants to move us all closer to musical truth, then let's not stop at technology that's about as old as the cd. i'm still a backer, buy a signature edition of the pono player. i want to help spread the word. i've been hi rez for 13-years and i am tired of sitting in the sidelines. yet, i ask questions. so, after nearly two decades of pcm, why not take the pono player higher?
of course, neil if you were selling dirt, i would buy it!
it looks great tracy, but the price is also much higher than pono, isn't it?
pono team; it would be cool to have a hdcd decoder on the player to play back old hdcd encoded audio files. or perhaps even a hd radio tuner
lucky me i've pledge the nr. 260 of 500 ny edition. i only use linux, so i hope for a ponomusic desktop version - or else  i have to ask my wife to use her laptop!
although some scientists think that sacd is close to 88/24 pcm.
neil, so how about adding dsd to the pono player? there's a store already out there (several in fact). check it out - http://store.acousticsounds.com/c/372/dsd_download
96/24 or 192/24 is superior audio quality then sony's dsd which was created for the sacd.
i am a backer, but pono isn't a new idea. astell & kern (http://www.astellnkern.com) has been doing hi-rez portable players for some time, they also support most any format and have expandable sd cards.  they go beyond 192/24 right into dsd. mr. young should know about dsd as many studios record in this hi-rez format. so, pono with dsd would be not just above the water (their analogy), but up in the stratosphere.
yes kevin, it is possible to do so with the appropriate software
hope that john mayer will be available in the store/app. he supports recording his shows and distributing them in flac heavily, so would deserve a signature edition too... congrats on the results so far! can't wait for october :-)
this is probably a dumb question...i'm pretty electronic illiterate. once i purchase and download an album from ponomusic will i be able to burn it to a cd also.
and there goes the pearl jam edition!
will we get the revealer feature with pono? that would be pretty cool.
@andreas haugland: good wife...;)
neil, the silver neil young pono is already gone! how about a black limited edition, please. it looks like the candle has been lit!
congrats paula. looks like the pearl jam edition is about to get sold out soon and that they've added my morning jacket and james taylor editions as well.
my pledge was for the signed poster, but someone gave up on the crosby, stills, nash & young pono edition and i got it! :)
what now neil?  i read your book and saw how excited you were in this project.  glad to see you have backing you need.  thanks for memorable concerts and memorable music.  congratulations
lucky me. the ny edition was sold out, so i did go for the dinner and listening party with neil himself, in person. ny edition pono included :) once in a lifetime chance. thank you, my lovely wife ingunn for letting me do this, going all the way from norway, europe to san fransisco, where neil lives nearby. one of only 30 persons to meet him. long may you run, neil!
thanks guys! i didn't catch what appears the line level out. i'm not certain what dac is in my marantz. now i'm curious.
for everyone asking if you can play your own flac and mp3 files - read the faq at the bottom of the main page: q. can i play digital music files i already own on my ponoplayer? a. yes, you can and it will probably sound better on the ponoplayer than you've ever heard it. the ponoplayer is designed to play ponomusic with stunning clarity. however, the player can play almost any kind of music track including flac, alac, mp3, wav, aiff, aac (unprotected). what this really means is the ponoplayer can play all your digital music, and all of it will sound great. last updated: tue, mar 11 2014 1:38 pm edt
adam, if all of the pono story is in truth, the dac for digital2analog converting in pono could be better than the dac chips in your equipment that have hdmi conectors...;) as matt said pono will have a anlaog line out.
adam, i believe there are two outs, one for headphones and the other a line level output.
wow it's real... i'm 1 of 500 people that will own the silver pono toblerone thing from the neil young signatures series. proud of this and happy to see neil and crazy horse next time in summer in dresden. keep on rockin'...
would love to see a few stretch goals here... support for the new 128gb microsd cards could be a nice start!
not sure where you are all reading "mini" usb.  both in the description and the faq's it clearly states using a "micro" usb port to connect to a pc, which is the one similar to the usb on most non-apple phones.
thumbs up adam and carrie!
i agree david, time for pono to stop partying and start addressing some of these concerns.
i agree with previous comments. i have a nice set of b&w speakers at home and would love to connect digitally to my system. it's going to kill me to have to use the 3.5mm headphone jack as the only out. i hate playing the guessing game with the volume, since it's not line level. toslink, s/pdif or even mini hdmi would be great. make it a pledge goal! add it at $3,000,000?
i agree dana, but the problems that always lead to promises unkept is the development of an actual product lie in product development and debugging.  the product is now realized, and so this just leaves production line setup and it's refinement.  i think october is realistic, allowing for several months of debugging.  if they had promised it by summer, i would have been skeptical.
do all backers above $50 get a t-shirt? i bought the neil young edition one, and while i'm pleased enough with that, i'm pretty keen to get a t-shirt too. i'd back more specifically to get one, but i'd like to know whether i have to first. thanks.
oh, ps:  yes you can buy da converters that cost more than the price of a pono.  so the few of us that might have such a system may get a benefit of the adapter module with digital out.
i agree with joe and others posting here: a digital out would be a bonus, as well as the micro usb.  perhaps with the extra cash ayre could create a module that allows the player to connect to usb and a base that can be wired into the stereo as an in place adapter that allows digital out as well as a charger/power supply.  i suggest this because of the nature of the way that people listen to music these days.  most will opt for a set of audiophile headphones over an audiophile music system.
respectfully.....based on past history october will probably be next july (oh...i dare not say that....july is code for never). seriously, glad that this is really starting to look real. i don't see anywhere that there is bluetooth....shirley there is.
zoinks, good point jason o'grady. surprised that detail was missed
i realy would like a linux ponomusic app. if you want to be different and stand out from all other online music distributors become include linux.
beats by neil?
please, please, please ditch the mini usb port for micro usb. everyone has a micro usb charger nearby while mini usb is starting to "rust and fade away." thank neil!
as i understand it/ the pono is a dac with a storage device and a fixed level out plus a headphone amp. if you want a storage device output to a dac, add a high capacity card to your phone and use the usb out to your dac. the main ingredient here (apart from a nice shiny signature) :) is a an ayre dac. what would be really nice is to have high quality phono audio out sockets rather than a tiny, spring loaded, headphone socket.
i also fully agree with joe. for me it will siply be a question of being able to use it together with my hifi or not since i dont have analog input amp (cyrus streamline2)
i agree with joe, it'd be great to have a proper optical/digital out as an option. maybe a new perk - considering that there's still 34 days to go!
@someone: i do understand that; my point is simply that additional outputs would make it easier to connect to more systems. while it might not sound better - and i understand sound is the whole point of this - it would be nice to be able to listen to whatever music i have with me (especially if i've spent $25 on an album), even if it ends up using a different dac to get to the speakers.
joe wood i think the point is that the digital to analog conversion made by the pono will be better than the one 99% has in their amplifier
its going to big even if their sick they hafta show for players and hustlers pono is here.
it would be fantastic if the line out weren't purely analog - a digital out or optical out would be a nice plus and would be beneficial when hooking to home systems.
hat's off to neil for the vision and the whole team to hopefully execute this "raising of the bar"  not 100% thrilled with the shape of the device but the site explained why form followed function, so ok.  proud to be a "backer"
oh, i forgot... thank you neil for for everything, not just the music!
yes you can have different pledges for different swag.  if you have 2 edresses you can set up two accounts on ks, the amazon part doesn't matter.  i've done this before, and it works. i love the fact that this is actually happening.  after reading neil's book waging heavy peace, i thought it might work if the artists drove it, and not the just an entrepreneur with the music execs; because now you really have the artists fans driving it.  i can't wait to hear after the gold rush like i did for the first time when i bought my first good stereo back in '76. finally, after telling people how to "double swag" i'd also like to mention that the sle models will have a considerable secondary market value, now that the project is funded.  i can't say if i will ever see my nora jones sle pono player, because ks is a leap of faith since i don't know if they can get through the manufacturing and distribution difficulties, but i'm pretty sure i'll get my tshirt and poster...
i own/run a small recording studio. will i be able to offer my clients the option of having their music available/for sale at the higher resolutions on ponomusic? how does one go about it?
i believe in neil. i bought pono, so i only have to wait for october :) thanks neil for workin' on music quality :)
do only the artist editions get a leather case? :(
@stuart i opened the pledge page on amazon yesterday when there were 56 pledges for the $200 pono. i thought about it for a couple of minutes and then pressed enter. it was only two or three minutes but, blow me down, the web-site refused me with a grey "all-gone". well i was so p.....d off that i left it 'til today.... so i didn't get the ny either, though i am happy with the csn+y. i am sure i would get one if i plumped for the ritzy supper, but.... hmmm would i go there alone? 2, flights, 2 tickets.... i guess i'll learn to "love the one you're with" :)
luckily i got in with a neil young edition yesterday! seemed to only last a cpl of hrs. do we get a t-shirt with each purchase? seems unclear.
i went for the csn signed. i've been staying out of the mp3 craze for forever, and haven't really committed to anything yet. who knew that this was what i'd been waiting for? can't wait to listen to "daylight again" with a good pair of headphones on. hmm.... now just need to figure out which headphones to get. ah well, there's time. neil, you've amazed the world many times over. thanks again.
the rate of pledging has climbed to approx. $100k/h. there are still a little over 5,000 l.e. ponos to be had. it sounds like a lot but at current rates they will last less than 3 days. once they are gone..... i picked a csn+y, neil young were all gone. so now....cs+n? or are people gonna wait and end up with lenny kravitz (nothing against lenny kravitz but you can still get a decent low-numbered one)
in for the tp pono.  it's all about the music.  thanks neil and team.
i've backed this venture as it looks a beaut but could you clarify whether there will be ponomusic stores for each country (a la itunes) or will international users be able to download from the main site?
two minutes into that video and i was sold. celebrity backing does help, but with the quality of musicians on show the music should speak for itself. can't wait.
just backed this project, looks promising. if it's really as amazing as it sounds, i am gonna need a lot of tissues; things are gonna get emotional around here. stretch goals would be nice. will the ponoplayer have 'plug and play' compatibility on top of the application transfers? will the ponoplayer accept all flac and mp3 files? what are the acceptable formats? i am curious to know about the output impedance as well. how well will they perform without amping or will some of the more demanding headphones require amping as usual?
hmmm, i think i underestimated. $5m will see all the s.e.s sold out and the vip evening and posters. early next week is my guess. i update my guestimate for total pledges to $15m. that will require substantial facilities and will express expectations for a total eco-culture to be implemented.
just as an example of what is possible on ks, without in any way comparing the products,  look at https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/manukamakers/precision-gyroscope who are 20x oversubscribed. it could happen here too. this has yet to go viral, there are known elements (celebs) here. don't make the mistake of poor communication on here. answer the valid questions in good time, in an update or on the faq section of the main page. if your time schedule is going to change, that is not a big deal, it is even expected on here, what helps is telling backers in good time (i.e. as soon as you know, let us know). goodonya :)
hey pono team, is a separate pledge required for the t-shirts or do we receive one when purchasing an actual player? cheers, elliott
i'm with m.biesheuvel... just gone for the pearl jam signature series.  first listen may have to be even flow....louuuuuud....  so excited by this...!  a
all the l.e. will be gone by sunday night
i'm in for a 1st edition black pono. i can't wait to see the finished product. it should be awesome. thanks.
waiting for the pearl jam edition. what will be the top two favorite albums? what will be the sound of pono? wating for october.
will there be some music samples available, either on the pono or from the store to 'compare/hear' the difference from 'bad' vs. 'good' vs. 'better' vs. 'best/superior' (pono) flac quality?
oops *their
ok, this level of funding, this quickly, when some people are still awaiting the march 15th launch to get there pledge in ...... i would be surprised is this doesn't fund at around $5m.  so please start thinking of some serious stretch-goals :) how about another hi-res album pre-loaded to each pono for every $500,000 past the goal? or a voucher for an album? perhaps a high quality interconnect or phono sockets? just some thoughts to get the ball rolling ;)
oh and a big support for the request for micro-usb to replace the outdated mini (unless there are some audiophile advantages to the mini?)
so, in addition to some very important questions already asked:  are the l.e. numbers allocated in sequence? i.e. if i was pledger #444 of the csn+y l.e., will that be the number appearing on my received pono? 2) will the dac be accessible from a pc's usb output? 3) will my flacs, not purchased through pono, be usable on the pono? 4) what headphones are you recommending for use with the pono? thanks and congrats on a hugely successful campaign and for allowing fans to get closer
a native linux client would be appreciated, given the foss connection also.
dear pono team, congrats fir meet the goal. i took a ny model and can't wait to get mine. this is a request from an audiophile.    first i want dsd native playback feature as other already mentioned. i think ess dac accepts dsd natively so it may be a matter of firmware and i think it is possible enough.  as for headphone out, its output impedance must be lower than 1ohm to give life to the music. for example, the original iriver ak100 had a relatively high 22ohm output impedance but users claimed to lower the impedance to use with low impedance earphones. as a result they lower the output impedance to 3ohm  from next model ak100 mk2. i compared ak100 and ak100mk2 and i found ak100 is lifeless as bass region is inferior and responses are dull. i guess pono employs a good amount of battery so it would be possible.
for now i'll just pledge at the lowest level. i have to think this one over. i'm a music lover through and through. can't go long without having music in my life... however.. i don't think i can justify trying to build a music library up from scratch from a new (more expensive store) when i have thousands of songs already purchased through itunes. i'll have to think this one over because i'm really interested in the pono music player. congrats on your success so far.
it's gonna cost me an arm and a leg (or at least over 600$ after tax), but i just bought the limited foo fighters edition. any clue on which two albums will be included?
question:  does pono music store sell its songs to countries outside the us? itunes won't sell anything outside it's designated store in its country. this is due to licensing and distribution rights. (eg. us itunes store exclusively sells to customers with a us billing address, and  same applies to the rest of their individual stores with designated countries around the globe) please clarify.
congratulations on a brilliant project and the well deserved reception! some wishes regarding the hardware - please make sure the usb connection is a sturdy one. even though i'm careful with handling my gadgets, i had to replace several enclosures for my portable drives because this little thing would break at some point. speaking of usb connection, in case ponoplayer can serve as a dac when connected to a computer, i have to get one for my partner and daughter, too! for on the way, but also to feed their fancy little desktop monitors and finally bypass their computer's mini jack… this would be an amazing feature and hopefully not too tricky to accomplish. regarding ponomusic software - i'd be happy if this will not add any kind of enhancement by default (but then, i wouldn't expect this from you anyway…) also, please keep everything skeuomorph at a very minimum and focus on top-notch functionality instead. file pricing, please consider to get the hi-res thing out of elitist circles, those who can afford. i love the fact your player stayed affordable, and it's about time to correct the mistake the cd made when it was launched back then. it's one of the advantages the non-physicality of digital files has to offer. keep your prices at itunes store level. very much looking forward, go pono!
a madriña bless pono & neil too
hi what is the storage space on the hard drive of the pono player ? thanks
way to go neil and the ponomusic team. now just got to wait till october - hope that the launch doesn't slide..... luckily managed to get my pledge in before the neil young signature ponos disappeared.
there is not a way to buy more than one?
got the tom petty version because ny's was sold out. as the song says "the waiting is the hardest part" happy to support neil in this endeavor, can't wait for the company to go on nyse to buy stock. hope the horse and all the fans are doing well, let's kick this thing to the moon!
i was hoping there would be a springsteen version... maybe new artists will be added during this campaign???
can't wait till i recieve mine in october :/ ? & :(
great initiative, i hope that be finally will be able to see widespread distribution of non-compressed digital music with greater quality than cd. question though, will the music purchased through ponomusic.com be playable on the computer or other devices also? are they regular flac files or will they be hampered through some form of drm?
hi neil  it was a shame i live in australia when i got the ponomusic email at 3.56 am, i missed out on the "neil young "signature model, i have been an avid fan since the release of harvest album way back in the 70's, was at your crazy horse concert in brisbane, i got your book"waging heavy peace" where i learnt about your music project. i have ordered the first edition black model. if there are any more of the "neil young" signature model that may be released i would be pleased to upgrade to that model. well done on the project and success to your "electric car"project. cheers from australia  terry
sorry also forgot to ask, can we side load music? through your desktop app? i already have a collection of flac files. thank you
can you possibly switch to micro usb, much more common and convenient, haven't used mini usb in a long time. otherwise really excited!
for the sake of supporting high-resolution music and quality recordings, i pledged $5. i do hope that something good will come out of this undertaking and the pono team will attempt to address the problem we have to deal with: poor quality recordings. as somebody here mentioined earlier, high resolution files will offer little to none audible benefits if the recorded material don't have the precondition for a real improvement. any comments from the team in regard to the latter would be very much appreciated!
at last :-) thank you neil and the team!
thank you neil, from a french fan, who looks forward to have your complete discography on my pono...
nice seeing your vision welcomed by the demand...  look forward to october.
question, what material will the pono be made of and how durable will it be? second, how long will the battery life last?
question: how will you be identifying shipping addresses? amazon only asked for billing address.
just pledged for a nora jones version. looking to upgrade my trusty sony f-series walkman.  was considering sony nwz-zx1 as an upgrade but the space limitation (max 128gb) and it's price hold me back for months. this is probably one of the best $400 i ever spent on.
one million wooooo.... got me a herbie hancock addition thanks neil and team!
thanks for this. have been looking for a high capacity ipod touch alternative for years. 1 question though - will we be able to bypass the "sync" and load our own mp3s?
very important question! amazonpayments doesn't ask for a shipping address. it's imperative for the player to arrive at a different location than my billing address. how will you be identifying shipping addresses? thanks!
just pledged for the herbie hancock version. pretty happy about that! if i could have had a radiohead version, or brian eno maybe. or pat metheny, or galactic or.... still... no complaints here.  congrats on moving the bar up a notch for portable music players.
a bit disappointed i couldn't pledge for more than 1 item, i wanted a couple of ponos and the t-shirts. but really looking forward to the 1 i did get arriving in october.
i've been with ny through every format since i bought "time fades away" on vinyl back in '73. followed his dedication to sound that matters by buying his music on most of his lps, a few funky cassettes, tinny cds, improved hdcd, fine quality dvd-audio, and his archives vol. 1 on hi-res blu-ray. i'm thinking that this next step, with the csny engraving, is just sweet sonic icing on the neil cake. long may you run, mr. young. and pono, too.
this is an amazing and exciting step towards giving high-quality digital music the place it deserves in today's consumer electronics landscape, and i love how much attention (and funding!) it's getting. without taking anything away from their achievements, i wish the pono team had pursued the supposedly "very complicated" smartphone-accessory-with-bluetooth concept. to me that would be a true game changer. i look forward to v. 2!
why is everything made in china?
please add a fwd and back button. it's quite troublesome to always turn on the screen to skip tracks..
is there a way to back multiple levels for this project?
is there any way that this would be able to work with a pebble? maybe as a stretch goal?
thank you neil
this is all pretty darn exciting. it's a long wait 'till october+ but the hardest part for me is wondering what each artists' favourite two albums are...
great effort everybody, funded in hours. i cannot wait to see what the ponomusic store has for us. thanks neil for the passion and conviction to get this done.
**convenient to listen to. had i $5000 to spare, i would've gone for the vip dinner and listening party, but i figured the neil young ponoplayer was the next best bet. i seriously cannot wait until it gets released. my ipod is great, but it feels like pono is something we've really been waiting for. i would say i hope this idea gets some traction and support, but based on the fact that you've met your $800 000 goal in less than half a day, i'll just say i couldn't be happier that people are backing sound quality so much. since reading about "puretone" in neil's book, i've been watching for any sign of it taking off. this is really just great. probably the best $400 i've spent in a while. thanks neil.
and any thoughts to adding stretch goals? maybe wifi capability for home streaming, etc.
as pono's dac supports native dsd, i hope you all will add that format to supported play list ;)
i can't wait for october!!!
to neil and the pono team, what you've done here is just great. i've got a bunch of vinyl at home, but here at university it's just not convininent to listen to.
congrats pono!!! :)
bought the pj one a few hours ago.  man the money is rolling in!  congrats to all who backed and received what they wanted....can october hurry????
just got the foo fighters player!!! can barely type....sooooo excited.....aaaarrrrgggghhhh!!!
been listening to vinyl. have a 15k cart and over 20k in titles as mp3 is a weak format. am glad to support neil and this player.
hey ponomusic team, i've bought a lot of hi-res music from hdtracks, which sounds fantastic. from what i can see from your description, the file formats you will offer in your store are exactly the same hdtracks offers. so what's the difference? if there is one, will i be able to play the files i bought on hdtracks on your pono player? thanks, and appreciate any reply.
neil!!!! keep it coming!
glad to be part of bringing sound back. first heard after the gold rush on vinyl decades ago, must have played it six times in a row. can't wait to here that again driving down the road! go neil!
congrats... now we all just have to wait until october.
so i got the pj signed player.. so my question is.. is it just eddie or the entire bands signatures?
finally!  real music again! whooowaaa! :-)
wow!
wow
how long was that? 8 hours? people want this.
i love this idea...i've purchasing from hdtracks for years and i'm guessing some in the video have been doing the same.  hirez is great and deserves more due.  already have plenty from hdtracks...it will be great to have a player that can take advantage of them on the go!
congratulations pono team!
yay!! $800k! looks like he was right...  this was a great idea by neil.
congratulations pono on reaching the $800k funding goal at 7:31 pm pst! let me be the first to congratulate you. can't wait to get my neil young signature pono player!
i made it!! i have flat out refused to have anything to do with the current mp3 and the like in the portable digital craze thats been going for the past 12 or so years. after hearing my friends new ipod back in 2002 and cringing as i listened to this horrible sounding crap i said i would only get something like that when something with worthwhile sound quality was released. fast forward 12 years and countless $$ spent on sacd, dvd-a, blu-ray audio looking for something that sounded as good as my good old vinyl pressings. now today i finally joined the digital download world with my $400 pledge for the pono. hope it sticks around longer than some of the other formats i supported over the years! come on october!!
hi everyone, thank you, thank you for all the incredible support. we will get to your questions within the day. until then, thanks for your patience and for believing in us...
@dan williams yes, but this champagne will hit $800,000. but your credit card doesn't get charge until the champagne is over... on april 15th at 1:30 pm. hope that helps you understand kickstarter and how it works?
cant wait to "hear" the music. picked up a csny player and love the march 11,1970 deja vu anniversary release reference made on an earlier post.
i'm way more interested in getting more 24bit 96k audio in .flac then i am in the player, i'm all good when it comes to high end audio devices. hdtracks is decent but i hope this opens the flood gates on a huge catalog of high res audio.
he #1 reason for pono is to inform the masses that they really don't need to accept mp3's, they now have a device/online store that makes listening to high resolution music the way the artist originally intended convenient. yes, there is hdtracks.com, which i have used myself but it is not common or convenient to the regular music fan. will the pono player sound good? yes will the player be as popular as a apple device? probably not, only time will tell. will pono create a buzz for high resolution music as convenient as itunes? yes to get the full effect of the player do you need quality headphones? yes, but you can find great cans by sony (mdr7506) and sennheiser hd 280 for $100 will pono gives us more ny high res material? yes music fans can choose to purchase the high resolution material (192 kz 24 bit) from pono or now on hdtracks.com for the best pono player experience or they can use their existing cd 44.1khz 16 bit music files which will sound better on the pono player, or anything in between the choice is in the music fan's hands now!
will the pono player be able to accept 128 gb sd cards?
how do i,buy the csny and the poster. it seems i can only buy one item at a time.
just bought my pearl jam pono player. they are the true sons of neil and really keep on rockin' in a free world. a french lover.
great work neil.  i'm sure even non-hi-res flacs will sound much better on this player than most, but let's hope more hi-res material will become available. btw, go keystone xl! (i live in calgary).
this is all because of neil, you are a special person and we appreciate you. love ya man!
neilllll quiero  mi pono ahoraaaaaaa!
so... is the 8 hours play time based on 24 bit 192khz flacs?
just bought my c,s,n & y pono player. can't wait! keep on rockin', neil!!
i wish i had jumped earlier today on the early bird edition before they all were gone, but am still thrilled to be a tiny part of this project.  rock on, pono!
so we only get charged on out credit card if it hits $800,000 goal? never been part of a kickstarter campaign. i assume that's what happens.
hi, i was fortunate to get a early bird edition, but would also like to buy the beck edition, could you let me know how i would go about that without sacrificing my early bird pledge? thanks, tim
does neil sign the csn&y ponoplayer? i was too late to get the neil young player. great project. can't wait to hear how this sounds. keep on rockin' fellow canadians.
thanks, neil! glad to back this project and i wish you much success! just imagining that i'll be listening to "tonight's the night" and "everybody knows this is nowhere" on my pono in the near future has me smiling.
any bets on how soon the $800k target is reached? 2 hours from now?
they are going with the ess sabre 9018 dac, referenced from this page: http://www.audiostream.com/content/neil-young-annouces-launch-ponomusic
i just subscribed to get the pono player when it will be launched and provided. i hope all my favorite music will be available (specially from 60's and 70's but also clasical music from middle ages to 19th century, from gregorian music, through js bach, mozart, haydn to ... beethoven, verdi and numbers of musicians). hope i would get all collection from pink floyd and neil young albums, and by the way from bob dylan and many others great artists. i purchased all vynils and cds published in france from neil and pink floyd. i shall purchase all of their pono format albums will be published to listen to them, walking to the office.
would it do basic dsp, like eq and crossfeed (which is important for headphone listening)?
just bought the black player. can't wait to hear this thing sing. it's about time. thanks neil.
sorry meant nov or dec instead of jul or aug....
really excited for this...i've already purchased a lot of hi-res music from hdtracks...wondering if i will be able to listen to it on ponoplayer? thanks!
it's really on fire..... @ creator  that really deserve another 300 extension pledge  of early birds $200 but with  say july or august  delivery. i bet it will disappear in 10 minutes .... prety pleaaase :)  ... wow you are already @ 591.....++++++ k its crazy the number are changing while i'm writing :)
i bought the neil young ltd edition pono player. does anyone know if the pono store will be available in the uk?
could anyone please clarify how the ponoplayer will improve upon, say, flac files played upon a cowon player?
bought a willie nelson limited edition pono player. can't wait and hope willie chooses the red headed stranger record to put on it. -matt boudreau mixer/engineer/producer/drummer
i have followed many kickstarters. i have never seen one catch fire like this.  i bought the tom petty pono for my husband.  can't wait to get it and watch my husband's reaction when he listens to the music.
for big music lovers like me i wish you offered 3xl or 4xl pono tees!
done and bought with pearl speical edition. best regards from germany, currently live on #sxsw oin austin alexander holl
ordered the csny signature version on the 44th anniversary of the release of déjà vu, neil's first album with the group.
this is going to hit mega millions wish that early bird special was for everyone on day one you guys may hit your goal before the day is over
what is the anticipated battery life
wow, the sabre dac chips have a sweet sound can't wait til my player arrives!
will the application have an encoder in it so i can put a music cd in the computer drive and it will encode it to flac. i have 1000's of cd's
can pono be used as a usb dac with a computer?
i'll ask this again.  do the players come with headphones?  if not which ones do the pono team recommend?
brilliant!! i am sssso excited!! :) i cannot wait to receive my beautiful limited edition neil young pono player!! this entire system (hardware, software, and industry support) is going to be absolutely incredible!
it would be nice if the file downloads would include the liner notes (booklet) from the original album in pdf form, even if this can only be seen on the downloading computer. this has become a sore point for me and i'm sure others as these notes provide the icing on the musical cake. when you go to a concert or stage production you usually get a program the same should be true for downloaded music. i want more about the music and the players and maybe be able to sing along to the lyrics. if you could add that back to your releases that would definitely be a plus for pono. with neil's industry connections i'm sure this could happen and really expand the musical experience. thanks
thanks pono-team for the opportunity to be a part of this. very exciting product and cool way to launch. no one will be more grateful than my wife - as i will no longer be endlessly fiddling with my eq settings attempting to somehow magically recapture those deep/full  sounds that i know exist, but were lost during digital transfer-- really looking forward to product and its  industry impact.
i'm 28 so i've grown up with mp3 and i'm so excited to really hear all my favourite music, as it was meant to be heard. thank you neil!
congrats neal, your vision is reality, so exciting! love and thanks to my favorite musician of all time!
i'd be very interested as well to learn if there will be a usb connector that will let me plug this into my car stereo easily.  looking forward to this!!!
neil thank you for making this happen. really excited to be able to pledge and be a part of this musical reawakening! i will count the days until my pono player is in my hands. i especially can't wait to blow my kids minds with real sound!
great project ! would like to see dsd support and a bigger screen and smaller (+ o -)buttons and maybe a small button to lock and unlock the device ?! go pono-team, hq music for everyone ! g.
question: i pledged for the neil pono $400, i also wanted the signed neil poster for $100 but it appears i cannot do both?? am i doing something wrong....
recommended headphones for pono! http://www.audeze.com/products/headphones/lcd-3
hi pono-team, don't you think it would be sensible to explain to the prospective customers that the file format alone has very little influence on the sound quality once you have reached cd-quality levels? you can have horrible sounding 24/192 flacs and gorgeous sounding 16/44.1 flacs. the sound quality is not depending on the file but on the way it was recorded and mastered. you will have a lot of trouble finding recordings that have been recorded and mastered in high quality and have not been downgraded in quality after that for public sale. usually the majors don't even have these files but they are with the recording studio and the majors will only have the final product.
very happy to have pledged.  i would love to know what headphones ponomusic and perhaps neil himself recommend?  i'd imagine this may have an impact on the quality of the music.
i really hope we don't see most albums costing 25 dollars like it says in the faq.. that's just ridiculous.. it should be 10 - 15 tops. this isn't some special media format we're buying and this doesn't change the way albums are made. nin's latest album is 12 dollars for a drm free download in any format, including lossless and you get a cd. please don't gouge us.
congratulations to the entire team at pono! with easy access to higher resolution downloads a new group of people are going to discover they can hear the difference. multitaskers may even find themselves so captivated that listening to music can once again become something to do while you are doing nothing else. thank you for your contribution to this possibility! very truly yours, maier shadi theaudiosalon.com
i am so, so happy to see this dream being realized!  i have started collecting records, and to have that same quality sound in a portable device will be fantastic!  this will be industry-changing, and for the better!  best of luck pono!
neil & co excellent initiative any change of getting the archives vol. 1 with it.  do it yourself conversion of this great box would not be easy i suspect. ordered the ny chrome edition, i hope all those artist who already offer great flac content will jump op the wagon. looking forward to not have to convert my pj live shows anymore for mobile usage. why no jack white chrome edition? would be great to have the "vault" membership as a flac delivery too. btw hope you ship devices for european customers from europe to avoid the extra import taxes.
i'd like to give the ponoplayer the benefit of the doubt but i honestly don't think we need another hi-end music player that's linked to a music store and/or app, although i realize neither the player or the music format is proprietary in any way. i’d rather see a bigger push for lower prices for hi-res music downloads. maybe all the publicity surrounding the ponoplayer will accomplish just this, and therefore i pledge $5.
does the pono come with headphones?
love it. neil, your always a major inspiration.  totally behind this as a project and a re-imagining of music as it should be.  can pono recommend some quality headphones so we can get the full experience? regards w
i am really excited about the store. to be able to buy these kind of high quality files sounds really awesome. however i am not sure if the device will be of use to me. i listen to most of my music in the car. my ipod is plugged into a usb into my system. will the ponoplayer be able to plug into my car and allow me to play my music?
what is the output power?  ie what headphones will it drive? what is the output impedance? thanks
i ordered the ny chrome signature edition, will i also get the pono shirt and sticker, i want to display my pono sticker with proudness!
i already enjoy playing flac files through my computer and custom home stereo setup.  will flac files purchased from the ponomusic store be playable on other devices that already support flac (e.g. my computer, squeezebox, etc.) in addition to the ponoplayer?
very excited about pono! been tracking for a few years now and really can't wait to see it come to fruition! bravo, neil & friends! as an aside, i'm curious about dsd - will it be supported? if so, will pono offer dsd downloads? of all the high-res music technologies out there, dsd (either directly recorded or sourced from analog tape) tends to sound the most natural and lifelike (i'm not alone in feeling this way). 24/192 is great for pcm, but dsd just has that ephemeral quality to it, much like vinyl. would love to hear that pono is dsd-friendly!
will the ponomusic store be available in the uk?
jearald, it's gonna use the sabre ess es9018. i think that's pretty good!
is the design final, or you might still make changes as things go. for one thing, the screen could be larger, and the three buttons (o, + and -) could be smaller.
i am looking forward to pono getting rolling and am curious as to which dac chip was selected? (burbrown, sabre, ect) there are lot of us music geeks would love to know and it is kinda side stepped in the faq section.
i've read the faq and the supported music file formats - does it also support wavpack (or can support be added)? wavpack also supports 192 khz/24 bit lossless etc. also, sorry if it is mentioned in the faq (didn't see it) - can the firmware be updated?
hi hemal! check out the faqs below. you'll find an answer there. thanks for the support!
hi, what is the music capacity of the player. like how many files...how much of music can one player store.
