@shahrouz shoghian thats great to hear shahrouz! hope your brother enjoys it for many years to come. we are actually currently working on a thin cardholder and we are just about ready to finalize the design. then we just need to have the cutting die made and it will be ready to go. hopefully you will see it in the next couple months. we will keep you posted. have a great day. - jason
brother loves the wallet. when are you gonna design a thin card holder wallet?
seriously think this thing is going to be in my will or something, it's indestructible
i must be confused with another wallet, no stamp in the pictures either.
received mine yesterday. apart from the attached $30,- customs bill it's great. i was expecting a stamp on the front, but i prefer it without.
wallet received in the uk a week ago.
yeah! got my wallet here in germany 2 days ago !!!
hi kris, no worries, we are very new to these "international postage shenanigans" as well. we have learned that it is very difficult to predict international eta, as some of our products were delivered within 4 days of shipping and some we are still waiting for notification of delivery. the good news is, i received 3 notification emails this morning of uk deliveries, so your wallet may be arriving soon. i will let you know if i hear anything further. thanks. - jason
do you happen to have an estimated eta for uk backers? forgive my ignorance, not familiar with international postage shenanigans
so, i have had my wallet for a few days, and simply put, this is the best wallet that i have ever owned. it has plenty of space for everything i need to carry and doesn't take up too much space. it's not too small, so it's never difficult to retrieve anything. one of the biggest differences that makes it stand apart from other minimalist wallets i've seen is that it looks classy. and, furthermore, not only has this blown away the other wallet projects i have backed so far, but the turnaround time was phenomenal. thanks again abc!
i've been carrying and enjoying the wallet since receiving it. nice work. i'm looking forward to the leather aging with me.
hi everyone, thank you so much for all the comments and feedback. we can't tell you how great it is to hear that our backers are pleased with their new american bench craft products. it is the best motivation for us to keep pursuing this dream, and we really couldn't have done it without all of your support. sincerely, jason and chris
i love my wallet!!!
i got my wallet this past weekend and i'm very happy with both styles. women the main wallet is really nice if you're wondering if it's just for men (i'd purchased the first one during the first funding and added the smaller 'female' one when it was added). the reason i quoted female is because i think both wallets really can be unisex. anyway i love them both and you guys have had one of the best kickstarters i've backed. i am a very satisfied customer :)
got mine here toronto, on. its bigger than i pictured but i like it! its a gift for my brother so i hope he likes it.
just received both of my a.b.c. american made wallets here in south florida, they're incredible!!!! love the "authentic first run" card with jason's signature that came inside of it:-) it just feels like its gonna last forever.
extremely pleased with my new wallet!
great news. very excited to receive my new wallet. especially since my current one is way past its expiration date!
woke up this morning and read this great news. we all won't have to wait till july for our wallets!  a.b.c. team is awesome!
hi jimmy, thanks for checking in. this past month has been absolutely crazy but everything is going great and we are moving along much faster than we expected. all of our manufacturers and suppliers are beating their predicted lead times and we are rolling into the final stage of production. we will be posting a full detailed update with pictures within the next couple weeks. stay tuned. have a great day, jason
how's production coming along? any updates?
@todd k: hi todd, production is moving along great and july will be here in no time :). our leather came in a week early and we are having it die cut now. if everything continues to move along smoothly we may be able to beat our predicted delivery date. we are keeping our fingers crossed. we will keep you posted. have a great day! - jason
so, is it july yet? i'm wishing i had been able to lay out the pledge for the special early wallet.
@kris athi: hi kris, that is a great idea. we are actually working on a front pocket wallet right now that may accommodate that feature. we will keep you posted. - jason
bit of an idea for a future product - put a pocket on the back to put a travel card in (london uses oyster which you need to touch in/out of the gates while getting about)
thanks! i already picked my wallet but then thought maybe id like the red wallet with black rivets.
@shahrouz shoghian hi shahrouz, i'll get working on it. i'll try to have some pics for you by the end of the day. thanks, jason
can you show us some red mens wallets sample. kinda wanna see if id get my bro something different   thanks
@dillon shawn beatty: hey dillon, not sure how that happened. the red leather option actually is available for the wallet, but we will definitely make sure you get the black wallet. thanks for the heads up. - jason
question for you sir, i filled out the survey and double checked that my selection was black with silver rivets. i received my confirmation email and it is telling me i selected the red option, that wasn't an option out of the three choices.  nothing against the red wallet but, i would prefer my wallet to be black haha. any help? thanks  dillon
hi joe, thank you so much for your order. and yes, the red color option for the men's wallet will only be offered to our kickstarter backers. we may also be reducing our color options further by the end of next week (may no longer offer black rivets), so our ks backers are definitely getting some exclusive choices. thanks again joe! - jason
hey guys, i purchased a second wallet through your website at the ks price, just like you said i'd be able to! thanks. out of curiosity, have you decided to offer the men's wallet in red exclusively through ks? i noticed it wasn't a choice on americanbenchcraft.com i think it's a good idea, it'll give those of us that couldn't get the le wallet something that's still exclusive to the backers.
@randy sid: hi randy, we do not treat the edges of the leather. the leather we use is vegetable tanned bridle leather, which we have split to a 4 oz thickness and then we re-dye and refinish the backside to ensure the color and finish is maintained all the way through. this refinishing process accompanied with the thickness and tanning of the leather makes for crisp clean edges that holds up great over time. as a matter of fact, the leather actually develops a smoother crisper edge with time because the friction of fabric rubbing against the edges (while it is carried in your pocket) actually provides a smoothing effect. the ability of the leather to retain a clean edge was actually a key fact or in our selection of leather. most wallets are made of softer more supple leathers that fray easily. we specifically chose bridle leather in order to ensure a crisp clean edge without requiring additional edge finishing. let me know if you have any other questions. thanks. - jason
do you treat the edges of the material so it won't fray over time?
@randy sid: you bet randy. it is a dark brown leather. the same brown color leather seen in the video and the pictures.
can i be certain that the brown is as deep and dark (approaching black in some photos) as your sample wallet?  i'm kinda feelin' the brown with silver - as long as it's a dark, dark brown.
thanks oscar!
good strong new name and logo guys, well done.
@leo: we certainly did leo. the hammerridge.com url now direct links to the americanbenchcraft.com url. - jason
i am really hoping you keep the hammerridge website url. have it redirect to your new one. or sell it to the other company at a ridiculous cost.
it was worth a shot!
@patrick c. hi patrick, i wish i could work with you on this, but out of respect for the backers that have already pledged for the special edition wallet, i have to keep it limited to those who made the $250 contribution. sorry i couldn't help, but thank you so much for your support! - jason
i really want that special edition wallet but $250 is pretty steep. anything we can work out?
thanks for the info, sounds like my stuff would fit well
@patrick c: hi patrick, the wallet is sized to fit canadian bills as well. the inside pocket has a height of 3.625" and a width of 2.875", so it will easily fit u.s and canadian currency folded in half once. the dimensions of the wallet when folded are 3.125" x 4.375". as for the thickness of the wallet, when it is first made it is about 3/8" thick and that is because the leather is a stiff durable leather that takes time to break in. once it breaks in and molds to shape though, it is just over a 1/4" thick. right now i have 3 id cards, 4 credit cards, 10 business cards, and 7 bills in my wallet, and the thickness is right around 5/8". let me know if you have any other questions and thanks so much for your support! @stephen moore: hi steve, thanks so much for your support. the design is nothing fancy, but it is unique and it solves an actual problem, and that is what our goal has been all along. so happy you like the design! thanks, jason
i love the design! a few of us at work were comparing wallets recently. the one thing that they all had in common was that they were falling apart. congratulations on being funded! -steve
hi the wallet looks fantastic but i'm curious about the size. could you provide the dimensions including the thickness? maybe also include the thickness with the wallet loaded. also, in canada, our bills are a little taller but a little less wide. will our bills be able to fit neatly on the side as well? in case you're wondering, the bills are 6" wide and 2 3/4" tall. thanks.
@oscar j. van den bosch hi oscar, again great question, because when it comes to hardware the quality of the plating is very important. fortunately, we are very confident in the wear resistance of the plated colors as we have tested them thoroughly and when we spoke to our rivet supplier about this concern, he assured us that the plating is extremely durable and the rivets are often used for more rugged applications such as holsters, belts, saddles, etc., so they are more than adequate for a wallet. let me know if you have any other questions. - jason
thanks for the quick reply, jason. do you have any concerns about wearing of the plated colours?
@oscar j. van den bosch thanks oscar. we are using steel plated rivets. they have excellent strength and corrosion resistance and they come in varying color options (gold, silver, and black). let me know if you have any other questions. thanks again for your support. - jason
congrats on reaching the goal. what are the gold coloured rivets made of, are they brass?
thanks thalia!
jason, congratulations on reaching your goal! i am so happy for your entire team! i can't wait to get the cardholder and bracelet :)
@randy: haha i would think so.
i'm glad it meets rhodesian ridgeback puppy torture standard. is this wallet border collie compatible?
hi randy, 2 rivets are visible on each side. the rivets securing the top corners of the inside quick-access pockets do not show through on the outside of the wallet (they only go through two layers of leather). - jason
in the closed position how many rivets are visible - two or three?
congratulations on reaching your   goal!
@alex wampa-wampa stowers: hey alex, the women's riveted cardholder was actually our stretch goal, we just decided to release it early because we had it ready and we didn't want to keep our supporters waiting any longer. as for any further stretch goals, we don't have anything right now, but we will keep thinking. we just want to make sure we don't release something that we aren't 100% confident with, and risk delaying production. we will keep you posted. thanks for your support! - jason
can you upload a report with a detailed analysis of your rivet's corrosion rates in a salt-water environment? thanks.
stretch goals? perhaps make it rfid blocking, or at least i think that's what it's called
congrats on reaching your goal! i can't say that i'm surprised, it's an awesome well thought out product.
congratulations on reaching the goal :)
thanks joe! it feels great. we are so thankful to all our loyal backers.
congratulations on meeting your goal! and with 17 days left!! it's a great looking wallet.
hey katherine, thank you so much for your support and thanks for the product idea. with smartphones being so prevalent today, i think that could be a really big seller. we will definitely get working on that and let you know what we come up with. thanks again! - jason
hello, i'm already pledging for a women's riveted cardholder, but you should consider making phone case wallets as well so people can carry their cards and phones in the same hammer ridge product. i'd be on that like white on rice. just a thought! best of luck!
hi rachael, i forgot to add that option, thanks for pointing that out. i just uploaded a reward option for the women's riveted cardholder + scrap bracelet for $42. thanks for your support! - jason
i chose the $48 or more pledge which you would get the wallet and scrap bracelet. will i get a choice of either the mens wallet or the women's riveted cardholder along with the scrap bracelet?
the new cardholder is pretty sharp - seems like a great wallet for women to take with a clutch instead of just throwing their ids/cards in.  i'll see if my wife needs one, we're so close to the funding goal!
@raymond tom: hi ray, no problem, i should've been more specific. the inside compartment has a depth of 72mm. i checked the measurements for canadian currency and it is listed at 69.85mm, so there is about 2 mm of clearance, and it does not stick out of the pocket. let me know if you have any other questions. thanks ray - jason
hey, thanks for getting back to me. i know you said the compartment is big enough, but i should have been more clear. what i actually wanted to ask was that, would the tip of the canadian money be sticking out of the pocket? thanks again! ray
@raymond tom: hi raymond, thanks for the comment, i completely forgot to mention that. the wallet bill compartment is indeed big enough for canadian bills. let me know if you have any other questions. thanks! - jason
hi jason, i was wondering if the bill compartment is big enough for canadian bills? thanks :)
@jimmy song: hey guys, we are just about ready to release a new product to help bump us over our goal. it is a women's cardholder and its pretty awesome. it holds true to the same concept of design, made from a single piece of premium leather and secured with metal fasteners, no thread stitching. we are hoping to release it by the end of next week. stay tuned, and please continue to help us spread the word. thanks! - jason
do you have an stretch rewards? cause funding is slowing down and i really do want to see this project backed up.
@hagalaz - i think you are describing the special edition wallet tier but maybe i'm misunderstanding. any stretch goal, even a new design and tier, would be exciting, with how close the project is to its goal, i think we can start looking at success as a matter of "when" rather than "if."
hey adam, we have actually been designing a women's card holder that we are very excited about. we are just about finished perfecting the design and it holds true to the same design concept with a single piece of leather, rivets, and no thread stitching. we are hoping to release it on this kickstarter campaign as soon as we reach our initial funding goal. we will keep you posted! thanks, jason
hello will you be offering women's products as well? my wife loves the concept and design but is looking for something more feminine. thanks
thanks for answering my questions.  best of luck on your project... another suggestion... maybe as an add-on option... personalized stamps.... maybe initials or a design of some kind... could help drive sales. :)
hi hagalaz, all great questions. the rivets are plated steel double cap rivets coated for rust resistance and they are designed for rugged applications such as saddle and holster making so their rust resistance is excellent. in terms of stress testing and rivets popping, i have never had a rivet pop on one of my wallets and i don't think you could make the leather or rivet pop apart by just stuffing cards in it. it would just get to the point where you physically couldn't stuff anymore cards in. in order to pop a rivet or tear the leather, you would have to really rip it apart with all your strength and even then, it would be tough. the rivets fit through a 3/32" hole and the rivet head diameter is a 1/4" so there is plenty of surface area to hold the leather securely. also the leather used is extremely stiff, and though it shapes and molds nicely, it does not stretch like softer upholstery leathers, so you wouldn't have to worry about the hole around the rivet expanding and coming loose. unfortunately, there are no options for distressed leather yet, but maybe down the road. i will certainly keep you posted. thanks for your support and let me know if you have any other questions. - jason
do the rivets rust? or are they coated??  have you done stress testing on the leather where the rivets are connected? how many cards can be placed before they leather pops from the rivets?? and any options for "distressed leather"?  just curious. thanks again for your time.
hi boris, i have actually experimented with softer types of leather, but they just don't work as well with my design. the softer leather does not mold or shape as well and the edges tend to fray and not look as clean. - jason
hi jason, i was wondering if it's possible to try a different type of softer leather (lamb may be?) for the wallet? i would definitely purchase another one if that was possible. best, boris
hi frank, thank you for your inquiry. i will certainly be uploading pictures of all the different leather/rivet color combinations. i'm waiting for a new shipment of leather to come in, but as soon as it arrives i will upload the pics. in terms of waterproofing, the leather we use for our wallets is bridle leather which is intended for rugged outdoor applications so it will hold up just fine in harsh weather conditions. in terms of further waterproofing, i would recommend obenauf's lp. they are a great american company that makes this amazing leather preservative that is 100% natural and 100% made in the usa. i use it on all my boots, work belts, gloves, etc. their leather preservative was originally developed for the severe conditions endured by wildland firefighters. the reason i recommend it too is because they sell it in small sample sizes for just a few dollars and it will last you a long time. here is a link to their website: https://www.obenaufs.com/index.php… let me know if you have any other questions. thanks and have a great day
in the video, possible to show the brown and black leather with the different color fasteners? trying to decide on a best combination. also, possible to add a wallet version where the leather is waterproof treated?
awesome looking forward to whatever you think of!
@creator thank you for your super fast responses! great communication! looking forward to a very successful kickstarter campaign!
hi guys, i tried taking pictures that would show the capacity, but its kinda hard to show with photographs. i'm gonna try to make a quick video showing me load it up with everything. i will post it as soon as possible. thanks for the suggestion! - jason
+1 dillon beatty
you could show some pics of you fitting cards in it up to the maximum amount so we could get an idea how the shape changes with the more it holds. just an idea!
hi todd, i carry 5 credit cards/bank cards in one of the quick access pockets and then 3 ids in the other pocket. i then carry around 10 bills in one of the inside pockets and 12 business cards in the other inside pocket. that capacity all fits very easily and keeps my wallet nice and slim. it could definitely hold a bit more though. i would say up to 6 cards in each quick access pocket and up to 15 business cards and 20 bills in the inside pockets is a good estimate for max capacity. thanks for your comment todd and let me know if you have any other questions. - jason
i reviewed the info but maybe i missed it - what's the approximate capacity of the wallet in terms of cards/bills?  one picture looks like there are approximately three cards in each slot, while another shows approximately four bills tucked inside.  without over-stretching the leather, what can we expect to fit out of the gate?
great torture test, makes me even more excited for the project.  supporting american manufacturing is a great benefit and it's really no brainer with a wallet like this.  keep up the good work and updates!  any chance for a pre-chewed option to save time breaking in?
jason, i really appreciate the timely response and action that was taken. often times it is very telling how a kickstarter will go by just seeing how the creator responds to questions and ideas.  giving it to your dog was a great and cool way to demonstrate the toughness of the wallet. i'm very happy with the results and incredibly excited about this product! cheers, dillon
hi dillon, i added a “torture testing” section to the bottom of the kickstarter page. i put peanut butter on the inside of a hammer ridge wallet and gave it to my rhodesian ridgeback puppy to chew on for an hour. now, when she was done with it, the wallet did not look pretty as you can see in the picture, but it is important to note that her teeth never punctured the leather. when i tell you this leather is tough, i’m not kidding. also she was not able to rip it apart. the wallet still holds its shape and is entirely functional. and trust me, my pup is crazy, she goes through two toys a week. she may have finally met her match though. as for more traditional wear, the wallet you see in the video where i am showing the wallet and what it can hold, is a good example of a broken-in hammer ridge wallet. that wallet had been used for about 3 months and i put it through quite a lot. i am pretty active so it has gone skiing, hiking, rock climbing, mountain biking, and much more. as you can see in the video, the wallet takes on a great shape/mold and develops a beautiful patina that gives it a great luxurious look. let me know if you have any other questions. have a great day! -	jason
hi dillon, that's a great idea. i'm gonna see if i can put together a quick video or photo montage showing the progressive wear of the wallet as well as some torture testing. one of my favorite parts about the wallet is that it ages so well. when the wallet is first made it is very stiff, which allows it to break in over time, as a quality leather product should. with use, it shapes and molds to what you carry, and it develops a beautiful patina that is so unique. i will keep you posted and get those images up as soon as possible. thanks again for the comment and have a great day. - jason
hi jason,  first off, thanks for resolving the multiple order issue. i'm a junior studying mechanical engineering at uncc, and i have a question that's  more of an idea. you have pictures comparing your wallet to another wallet that used stitches and multiple pieces of leather. to me, it's kind of an unfair pairing because it seems that the other wallet has been through a significant amount of wear. which leads me to my idea. often times, people will post torture test of their rifles and other products to show their durability, what about doing the same for your wallet? beat it up, throw it in the dryer for an hour, hit it with some sand paper. i think it would help to sell the enhanced durability statement and would attract even more buyers. i know this wallet probably feels like a child to you, so of course this is just an idea. have a great day!
hi everyone, we have had a bunch of comments and personal emails regarding multiple wallet orders, so we would like to address it here. first of all, thank you so much for your support! we are currently trying to find a way to work around this with kickstarter, but they have specifically told us we can't offer multiple wallets even if they are different color leathers or have different rivet colors. so, we've decided to launch our online store the day kickstarter ends, and for the first week, offer our wallets for pre-order at the reduced kickstarter pricing.  this way, everyone who liked us on kickstarter and wished to buy multiple wallets still can at the reduced kickstarter pricing.  if you plan to buy multiple wallets, we ask that you still buy one through kickstarter, to help us boost our kickstarter success. thank you so much for your support!
i definitely agree with you joe. i spent a while telling my dad about this wallet and when he asked me to order him one i was a little disappointed. not sure if it's a new rule or not but i have seen issues in comment sections involving multiple order pledges. either way i wouldn't mind a loophole :)
thanks dillon, i hadn't noticed the faq for this project! interesting, i wonder why certain creations are limited to one, and others 10.  its a shame, current supporters being able to double up on a wallet would really help them reach their goal. they had 4 pledges for the $42 price point wallet last night when the early birds sold out, and they're still sitting at 4 backers. pledging is usually strongest at the big inning of most projects because they have the most visibility being at the top of the "recently launched" link and all. i'll wait and see what happens! i just really like their product and want it to fund:-)
joe d why don't you contact jason and chris maybe they can talk to you about why kickstarter limited them and you could find out how to get more later like i did
yeah that's what i thought as well. i know a few projects have offered multiples that i've backed (like pens). might be project specific who knows. also i was talking about this specific projects faq where it say that.
@dillon - i looked through the faq section, what i found was @faq / kickstarter guidelines (as a blue link under "how do i start a project") / what is not allowed - the 5th bullet point states: *projects cannot offer rewards in bulk quantities (more than 10) i know that playing card creators, which i have pledged to a few of them, let you pledge for up to 10 decks of cards, but then they let you pledge for up to 10 more "bricks" of cards, which has 12 decks per brick! kickstarter considers a deck of cards one item, and a brick of cards a completely separate item.
ok. i was always under the impression that they weren't allowed to reward more than 12 of the same item. many other projects allow you to pledge for multiple amounts of the same item. i may be wrong though.
hey joe, you can find your answer in the frequently asked questions section of the kickstarter page. to summarize, it's because kickstarter won't let them. :(
hey guys, i got in on the 35 buck early bird. but if i wanted to add another one for my nephew, could i just go into "pledge manager" and add $42 to my pledge for an additional wallet? there's not really an option to pledge for 2 pieces otherwise! i think it's an awesome wallet & i imagine others would want to give one as a gift too.
finally a wallet seeking to solve the actual problem! i have absolutely no interest in a aluminum wallet or one that has key storage. all i want is a wallet that will last! i love this wallet and i hope this kickstarter does great! thank you for a great design.
we've seen these wallets in person and they're well engineered and beautifully made.  can't wait to get ours.
great concept and excellent video! best of luck jason and chris!
looks great jason. good luck!
the product looks great!! and the site is impressive.  nice job and good luck jason.
