i'm curious about the possibility of getting access to the digital download again for backers. i downloaded my copy when the movie came out, but a recent hard drive failure has deprived me of my copy of the film. is there any chance of reissuing a download link?
larry rosenstrauch friday jun 15, 11:41am edt gary, hey there. love the movie from the online version. i never received the design trilogy dvds package. could you send it to me at larry rosenstrauch  309 ariel drive  leesburg, va 20176 my email is lr@goodstoryz.com; phone is 703-969-8118.  thanks,  larry
i live in south korea, and i got my design trilogy dvd yesterday!  so exciting!
hi gary... i just noticed that i needed to enter my home address on kickstarter for the dvd trilogy which just shipped.  i just did so... am i too late?
thanks gene, there are a few trilogy boxes left, like a few dozen. unfortunately they're not at the discount kickstarter rate anymore: http://urbanizedfilm.com/the-design-trilogy-box-set/ will probably start a new film this spring... not sure about what yet!
hi gary, thanks for the update and free download. are there any copies of the trilogy left? any ideas/news on your next project? gk
@luke, la mer, ken - they'll be sending out the download info early next week. @matt - yes, they've all shipped, you've probably received it by now. @adam - we actually decided to give all backer levels a digital download, so you'll get one too! cheers!
when is the digital download going to become available?
hi gary. have you shipped international orders of urbanized yet? just wondering when to expect the dvd :) hope you're well and congrats on the new addition to the family.
hi gary. congrats on the new family member! wondering if the downloadable version of urbanized is available. thanks!
i think i somehow missed the notice to download my digital edition, unless that hasn't happened yet? is it possible to have that resent?
would it be possible for those of us who have backed the blu-ray copy to get access to a digital download?  apparently apple doesn't like to make blu-ray players for powerbooks just yet, or even ever.  :-)  thank you, and i love your previous two documentaries!
we haven't done that yet, andrew, we'll be sending out the survey later for trilogy backer addresses this week. cheers!
i never got contacted about my current chipping address for the box set. i am assuming that should have happened already?
just saw the movie on interne  --> sooper ! a wonderfull exciting documentary that explains nicelly the issues, a bit of history, the future chalenges and of couse the actors of ... cities design around the world. i loved it, loved the photo-design of the movie.  i am very happy to have participated last yaer in the fouding. great job mr gary hustwit (and your colleagues and friends ). thierry, paris
we'll be reaching out to everyone in january before the dvd/blu-rays/boxes ship to get their current addresses. cheers!
is there any way to change my shipping address for the blu rays? i have moved since i initially backed this project
hmm... not through kickstarter, no. but we can work something out, jay. just be in touch after we send them shipping address email to all trilogy buyers early next year.
i backed $100 which got me the dvd set - can i up my backing to get the blu ray set?
travis, there will be about 200 trilogy boxes left once they're released. we'll probably do a pre-order for those ones later this month, get on the email list at urbanizedfilm.com and we'll keep you posted. cheers!
is there a way to get the trilogy set after i have backed something lower? or somewhere else you can by the trilogy?
woops! i missed the email just previous that explains it all. thank you for access to the stream in advance!
hello, i just received an email from distrify.com notifying me of my streaming rental access to urbanized. the kickstarter support level i signed up for is for a digital download though. please let me know how i can fix this! best, rahmin
no worries ian, we'll be reaching out to everyone before the dvds ship to get their current addresses. cheers!
hi gary, i pledged to order the dvd set, however my shipping address has changed since i've moved. where/what can i do to update my address to ensure i receive my dvd set? thanks, ian
kristina, people who pledged for t-shirts or prints have already received their rewards. we haven't released the video download or dvd/blu-rays of the film yet, but we'll have news soon on release dates for both. cheers!
hi, i haven't received anything yet, has anyone else?
that's great news about the showing at tiff. i will definitely be looking for tickets and will take you up on the offer of the after party! cheers!
any more updates?
hey guys! have you already received your t-shirts? i haven't...
come interview us about planning the future of the san francisco bay area! http://www.onebayarea.org/
as an urban studies major in college, and a new yorker born and raised, i'm thrilled that i got the chance to back this project.  looking forward to seeing the movie.
i think i remember someone from this project asking if there was a building demolition happening - i am not sure when it is happening - but here is a lead, if you want to film in detroit:   funeral for cass technical high school  http://www.facebook.com/event.php…
w00t!
thanks everyone! @mitchell, thanks but we've already taken care of the indian translation.  cheers, gary
congratulations. its going to be a great film. gary, i noticed the post where you needed a hindi-english translator in the nyc area.  i live in the area. i'm also a filmmaker, and my fiance is indian. i'll find out of if she knows anyone (friends, family, colleagues) who may be able to help you out with the translations. do you have have any additional details regarding the translation work (paid?, amount of work?, etc.)
congrats! i'd like to work with you guys in nyc sometime. meantime, break a leg.
congratulations for the successful funding! naturally of course.
i just upgraded my pledge to $ 100 for  trilogy box set. congratulations! looking forward to seeing your work soon :)  p.s. actually i wanna do 2 pledges for $35 dvd to my friend but seems they allow me to do only one under my account...
thanks scott, we'll contact you (all the "thank you" pledgers) for the exact wording once the campaign ends. no worries.
for the "thank you" in the films credits i wanted to have a friends name instead of mine. i wasn't sure how to select that option when pledging.
@jameson - perhaps... maybe we'll do another run closer to the film's release. for now only our incredible kickstarter backers will get them. cheers!
hey gary, i was wondering if the "urbanized" t-shirts will be available for purchase separately?
@colin - thanks! we'll actually be contacting you before we ship, to get your current address. so no worries. @zach - we're on it. @christopher - thanks for the tip!
i've never kickstarted before, but glad to support the project. in any event, i dont foresee myself at my current address by the time the trilogy is shipped, would i give different shipping info to amazon? thanks colin
hi gary: i hope you touch on the disasters that have happened in japan and haiti with the earthquakes and the problems with building regulations. this could maybe inform other nations to look into their own structural guidelines to prevent catastrophes in the future. but i think the design of cities has to account for natural disasters. look forward to the film.
hi gary:  you should interview ben aranda of aranda lasch http://www.flickr.com/photos/arandalasch/ i think he's working on some big city planning projects in africa right now. i can make an intro.  if you're interested, let me know.
thanks jordan, the film will be available on itunes once it's released (with proper chaptering, etc.), or as you mentioned rip the file from the trilogy discs. we're at the crossover point of three technologies, where a lot of people are still watching dvds, there are also millions of blu-ray drives out there, and a large number of people are going purely digital. interesting times... cheers! gary
hi gary, i’m wondering if digital itunes-compatible files will be included with either the dvd or blu-ray trilogy box set. i ask because i would love to have the trilogy in hd but have no intention of owning a blu-ray player. i know if i had access to a blu-ray reader i could rip the disc but i don’t and a better job (including proper chapter titling, metadata, artwork) could probably be done on your end. i’m really in it for the book since it lasts and the digital files because it last a bit longer than discs; i’m not even sure if i’ll have a dvd drive in a year. the disc packaging does look great though. all the best and really looking forward to the film, jordan
no strategy david, just our mailing list and my twitter feed. plus a lot of great people who've helped spread the word. cheers, gary
hi gary.  congratulations on your project and exceeding your funding goal.  just wondering what your marketing strategy is?  how did you get the word out to so many people? dave
thanks alec, we're had a bunch of people asking about this, so we've gone ahead and added two new reward tiers that include the prints plus the dvd trilogy ($500), and the prints plus the blu-ray trilogy ($525). so feel free to up your pledge and select one of those two options. cheers!
hi gary, was just wondering if i contributed $500 for the poster set and movie credit would that come with the $100 signed trilogy? congratulations on your project! cheers.  a
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
come by the wexner in columbus, oh again! i want another poster!
second time i back a documentary on kickstarter – i also supported richard kegler's documentary "making faces" on jim rimmer, for which i am currently doing dutch subtitles as a volunteer. this could become a habit. ;-) congratulations gary; very happy to see this project funded. hope to see you around at a screening at a conference somewhere.
it is wonderful news that the project was funded. very happy you have "breathing room," too, and didn't have to be nervous at the last minute. can't wait to see the finished product!
congratulations. perhaps some of that excess can be used to finally bring one of your films to edinburgh, scotland. maybe even the 2012 edinburgh international film festival.
thanks kempton, and michael, and everyone! all of us working on the film really appreciate it. we've still got 12 days left in the campaign, and all funds raised above our initial goal will now go towards the global screening tour we'll be doing with the film this fall. we want to take urbanized to as many cities as possible. thanks again everyone for supporting the project. cheers!
congrats gary! project funded with $85,143 and 1,321 backers.
congratulations, gary - funded!
three for three ! i'm backin' the trilogy $3 - no reward machine tools are awesome great visuals great work yes, were building up - http://www.nwtowercrane.com/experience.htm
i am for the urban activity this is were people come together and focus i have not enough cash to help now but i'm building a human resource network of my own in inturnship soon hopefully you city has enough resources to get up for now
amazing project
- thanks scott!  - and ian, yeah we were trying to streamline it here and just offer the four print set for $400. there's a lot of pledge levels already in that $100 to $150 range. but thanks for both the pledge and the print purchase, it all helps. cheers!
great work gary.  looking forward to watching the updates on the project!
wondered why a single limited edition print isn't one of the pledge levels, given that you have to make it to $85k - i've pledged $50 here already, but wanted (could afford) just one of the prints, so have had to go to the urbanised film website for that. the other $125, i take it, won't be part of this pledging?
the design trilogy box set, dvd or blu-ray, at any pledge level, includes the book. thanks!
does the $150 t-shirt + box set include the hardback book? thanks, dan
ok, then. come to rome for a screening. you'll sign tha dvd for me there! ;-)
thanks daniele, the trilogy box sets will be signed, but not the normal dvds. there's 1,000 trilogy boxes and i think that's all my wrist can handle! trivia: a friend of mine released a book of poetry from musician ryan adams, and ryan had to come in to sign 1,000 of them. apparently he walked in, put some speed metal on his ipod, and just started cranking them out. finished in under an hour. pro.  cheers! gary
by the way, is there a chance to have the dvd signed (i pledged for 35 bucks)?
hi gary, loved both helvetica and objectified (i keep watching them over and over). glad to be helping you make this new one!
what can i say? i had a lot of fun helping out on helvetica … it gets in the blood.
wow, thanks grant!!!
thanks for the clarification, gary. i decided to kick up my pledge a notch because of that. onward!
peter, no it doesn't include the download, our award tier structure isn't one of those, "you get all the above, plus" deals. so you'd need to do a separate pledge to get the download, etc. or you could just rip the blu-ray discs once you get 'em? cheers! -gary
jacob, we've got a video for you... my outtake reel from that filming session. it makes "winnebago man" look like a choir boy. i might release it to backers once the campaign is over, we'll see. thanks for pledging! gary
gary,  i pledged for the bluray trilogy but was wondering if it includes the digital download?  i  couldn't tell since the "$10 or more" includes the download but it isn't mentioned in most of the larger pledge packages. i love objectified and helvetica and i have an unused masters of urban planning on my wall, so urbanized looks right up my alley.
looking forward to the film and am about to go pledge. but one suggestion: redo the opening page video. it's pretty somber and doesn't really make me that moved to pledge. if not for the subject matter and my previously established trust in your work, i probably would pass on by. good luck!
hi grant! the $400 level is just the prints and a "thanks" in the credits. cheers!
hi gary. great to see this film on kickstarter. a quick question about the $400+ level pledge. does it include “the design triology” set as well as the posters? or do i need to do a custom pledge to get both? cheers.
hi ethan, can't confirm or deny your question before all the interviews are finished... but follow along, i think you'll be pleased with the interviewee list. cheers!
hi gary, i enjoyed objectified and have jonesed to see helvetica for a while. but being a former urban ecologist now doing marketing, this one has piqued my interest the most. a big question: are you including the latest and amazing findings from luis bettencourt and geoff west about the scientific laws of cities? if so, bravo. if no, i think you should see if they have a place in your film. design is certainly something we consciously do, but it's also something that nature does to things. and just like nature 'designs' canyons and mountains and feathers, nature designs cities. dig it. here's jonah lehrer's great article on their work: http://www.nytimes.com/2010/12/19/magazine/19urban_west-t.html… cheers, ethan
i meant to say "is going to get the postcard *set* too"!
thanks rich. you'll need to pledge an additional $50 for the shirt/download package (click manage my pledge on the urbanized page). but we've just decided that anyone who's pledged for the "trilogy" box set (either dvd or blu-ray) is going to get the postcard too.  cheers! gary
gary, i've just pledged $125 for the blu-ray box set but i'm also interested in the postcards and/or the shirt. how can i change/add to my pledge to be able to do that?
thanks for the kind words everyone! jj, thanks, nice to have you on board. will definitely be back in sf screening urbanized later this year. and thanks amey, we might take you up on that. ideally it would be someone here in nyc so they could come into our studio, but we're still looking. cheers all, gary
awesome stuff! ps: gary, you tweeted about a hindi-to-english translator needed in nyc, i am not in nyc, i am in india but i would love to help! : )
my first time backing up a project on kickstarter and happy to do so with your next film! we met in sf's screening of objectified and had you sign my [helvetica] moleskine: http://bit.ly/feawc2 cheers and looking forward to urbanized!
i &lt;3 you gary, your films are amazing, and i agree with judith!
what a privilege to have the opportunity to support gary hustwit!  both objectified and helvetica have changed the way i look at the world.  urbanized will be no different.  best wishes gary!
yes hillary, the blu-ray trilogy has the same package and book as the dvd version. just with blu-ray discs. cheers!
thanks! sorry to ask another question, but does the blu-ray trilogy also include the art book?
the $150 level is for the dvd trilogy and the shirt. if you want a blu-ray version of the trilogy and the shirt, you can pledge separately at the $125 and $50 levels. cheers!
does the $150 level come with the blu-ray trilogy set or just the dvd?
"i'm assuming it will all work out come march 23rd and only one payment will actually go through." yep, that's my understanding, gavin. thanks for backing the film!
so i upped my pledge to the bluray, $125 level. it looked from the amazon emails like i'd paid another $125, but the kickstarter email said 'adjusted'. i'm assuming it will all work out come march 23rd and only one payment will actually go through.
update re: blu-ray discs, i guess it's easier for kickstarter to do a new pledge level at $125 for the blu-ray trilogy, so we're going to add that now. if you want to upgrade your to the blu-ray box set, you can click manage my pledge on the project page at any time to update your pledge amount and reward selection. cheers, gary
thanks everyone! okay, regarding the blu-ray discs, when the trilogy packages are ready to ship we'll be offering an upgrade to blu-ray discs for an additional $25. so reserve your copy, and we'll bump up those who want blu-ray when they're ready to ship. roger, i can't comment on the brazilian postal service... is it anything like the traffic planning authority in sao paolo??? droga! but glad music today refunded the order. hopefully this time it'll be smoother. cheers!
hi gary, can you be more specific on the compatibly of these hd files that will be distributed on the dvd disks. will they be blu-ray player compatible. thanks. also, just to let you know, i bought an urbanized pre-order that included a tote bag and never got it. musictoday refunded me in full, but it's nonetheless frustrating. they informed me that the method of sending items  to brazil (where i live) that they use usually has this kinds of problems. so i'm afraid of pledging a higher value and never getting my physical items. thanks and good luck.
gary, i heard you speak at sxsw last year - you and scott kirsner. (you both stayed late to speak to the group since there was a scheduling mix up.) appreciate your work and happy to be a first-time official backer.
is it possible to get actual blu-ray discs, instead of dvd discs of hd video files for the trilogy? i also have helvetica and objectified on dvd already, and would love blu-ray versions of the three movies.
awesome. thanks for the quick reply gary. i own helvetica and objectified and find them inspiring. when i saw this (i've been looking out for info on urbanized for a while) i thought there's no better time to back my first project. good luck.
thanks matt! the dvds are all-region. cheers!
this is my first kickstarter pledge. will the dvd be region specific to where the backer lives or be open region?
thanks stuart, we're actually about to add that you'll have the option of getting dvd discs or hd video files with the trilogy. i think they'll be updating the description here soon. cheers! -gary
can't wait for the final part. one thing i would love (and would happily bump up my standard box set pledge by $50 for) would be a blu-ray design trilogy box set. i already have helvetica and objectified on dvd, but would love to see them in hd. any possibility of this being an option?
