hi steven, i think i can help. i just sent you a pm.
hello, im also having biothane slippage even while tight. any help?
hi joe, i just sent you an email. we'll get it sorted out for you :)
hi i just wanted to say that i love the carbon fiber belt that i got and it has been great so far. however, the inside part of the female end of my buckle that holds the male end partially broke. the buckle is able to be worn, but it keeps slipping off and coming apart. is there any way to buy a metal buckle to replace this?
great belt. very well maybe craftsmanship.
any advancement on a fix for the biothane belt slippage?
just wanted to send a quick note that i love my new belt and buckle. it has been the only belt i've worn since i received it. it stays tight when i need it and loser when i don't need it too tight. it's also perfect for my fixed blade knife sheathes and my conceal carry holster. thanks for the great product. it is genuinely one of the best projects i've backed. thanks again!
riaan and gareth, i will check the tracking and send you both a pm tomorrow when i get back into the office.
ive heard nothing - should i be worried?
hi michael, i received your pm on 26 jan, thank you, when can i expect the promised tracking info please? thank you
hi andrew, just sent you a pm. talk to you soon!
yeah any assistance on the biothane would help love the design and live with having to take off the buckle to thread it on to most pants but either way of threading it through just won't stay tight
hi michael, just a follow up on the shipping status of the belt, can you let me know if it has been sent and give me the details (postal service/courier company name + tracking info) please. looking forward to getting it :-) riaan
i agree with the knurled post idea,  but wonder if that would cause the belt to wear prematurely.    i wear mine loose and very tight but there is no difference in keeping tight.    the issue seems to be that the biothane isn't as flexible and so doesn't get caught in the post and buckle as well as a flexible (nylon)  belt might be.   also a benefit of the nylon would be the extra texture of the belt itself.
hi kelvin, i am experimenting with an elastic band that i hope will alleviate that issue. how tight do you keep your belt?  i've found that the slippage is more of an issue if the belt is worn loosely, since the sliding-post mechanism relies on there being tension to stay tight.
as part of my experience, feedback, i forgot to add that the buckles are much bigger than most of the loops on my trousers would allow. meaning it will take twice as long to put on new/fresh  pair of trousers, defeating the purpose of a quick/efficient belt. you have to unravel the unstitched end of one end to put through the trouser belt loops. only a few big version type of belt loops on certain pairs of jeans would allow the buckle through. it that was the case, it means you need a thicker/broader belt anyway..for the looks and not a skinny belt with big buckles. yes, agree with so many uk customers, got hit by customs with £18 (us$25) additional to pay. all in all, looks good, doesn't work as well as intended.  again, it looked so promising, really wanted to like it. sad and disappointed.
i am going to sound like a broken record here too. the carbon fibre buckle came with some surface scratches but more importantly, the slippage with the biothane strap material is driving me nuts! the buckle doesn't hold and the biothane is very resilient against folding and it slips as the buckle can't grip it. it bears a bit of a trailing scratch mark due to the slippage seen on the surface of the biothane strap. rather disappointing, i wanted to like it so much. perhaps send us another buckle with slight adjustments or some elastic loop material to fasten the loose end of the strap??
i have been using my belt for a couple of weeks now (carbon fiber) and i am impressed.  i thought i would see more wear on the carbon but it is holding up very well. i got the nylon belt and it has no slippage. a suggestion for the biothane might be to add a slight knurling to the brass rod.  thanks for a great product michael!
josh and chris, just sent you a pm.  hopefully i can help.
*doesn't (not downstairs)
update:  i've tried every method (looping)  possible to keep the biothane webbing tight throughout the day.   unfortunately the material just downstairs have enough grip with this design... excellent machining,  high quality everything else but the biothane doesn't seem to work with this design... too bad i was really hopping for an heirloom type belt with this purchase.....
i have my belt and agree with brad. the buckle is brilliant quick and secure but the boithane whilst appears to be a good material it doesn't suit the buckle as it loosens for me quite quickly. i to will either have to find a different material or find a solution which holds the pulled through length tight and fixed to the belt when in use.  i am thinking something which you can make a hole through both the belt and tail and a nut and bolt type of securing can be used thus holding the belt in place but easily removed if using on another pair of jeans/trousers.
hi brad, just sent you a pm. hope to talk to you more soon!
the comments from josh kiel and william west, below, has been my experience as well. although i quite like the buckle in general, it seems that the biothane strap will loosen gradually throughout the day, to the point where i will need to tighten it and readjust multiple times. i may have to look into getting a different belt material for the buckle, just to make it more usable as an actual belt.
eric, glad to hear it :) keith, i just sent you a pm.
still no sign of my belt  here in germany :-(
yup, it was waiting for me at home...
hello michael, could you please send me my tracking info for a shipment to canada? i just need to send you a message to have it arrive before i actually need you to send me the info since that's how the universe works right?
please ignore my last comment. when i tried to fit the belt through my loops i have been awake for only 5 minutes, so i missed the obvious ability to unthread the belt from the buckle.
since no one has commented (that i saw) on the basic nylon webbing, i'll say that it doesn't seem to have any issues similar to the stiffness or smoothness of the other materials.  it was bit thinner than i expected, but this seems to help, it is easy to pull through the buckle and tighten and in several days it has yet to loosen on its own (and i have a gut, so i need it tight to hold my pants up).  in fact it is fairly hard to loosen even when trying to loosen (without undoing the buckle).   a hint if people are worried about the buckle fitting belt loops.  undoing the web from the buckle sounds worse than it is.  i'm coming from a more standard one piece buckle with nylon webbing, and that had to be undone the same way all the time, even if just using the restroom.  this buckle is fast in a pinch, and the same as a typical nylon belt at morning and night.
tom and andrew, thank you for the info regarding customs.  i will do some more research to see if there's anything i can do to minimize that in the future, while still abiding by the rules of course. aasaf, just sent you a pm.
belt for me is fine and looks good so far. will test it out this week. my only issue is i had to pay additional import fees in the uk of over £13 :( hope you can rectify this for future as this was not mentioned or expected, especially after already paying for additional shipping.
i just got mine today (israel), and it looks and feels amazing! only problem is i didn't take into consideration the size of the buckle. it won't fit on any of my pants' belt loops. don't really know what to do now.
aluminum buckle on biothane web will lay flat the same, which is kinda odd setup for a belt...  wrapping biothane web around male end and folding under same side does not work because the belt will loosen over time throughout the day.   there simply isn't enough grip to keep it tight.   the only other option to keep biothane from slipping is to wrap around male buckle and lay the remainder of the belt on the outside, however it drastically reduces the look of a clean / professional appearance.
i got my carbon fibre, biothane belt to lay flat by tucking end piece underneath (hidden) and pulling it to the left (under female end)
belt is very good. however, you declared the full retail price on the customs declaration which means i had to pay an additional £18 ($25) in customs duty. i never have to pay customs from goods imported from other countries normally. please contact the kickstarter support team to learn how to avoid this happening again. best wishes
loving my quicky, took a few tries to master the one handed unhook, but i've got it now. just have to remember to swap back to the cinchy when i'm traveling. hugs 'n howls!
that's awesome, guillaume! i was just about to check your tracking info. now i don't have to :)
just arrived in canada. awesome design and simple to use! great product and thanks to the team!
impatient backer in canada here! can't wait.
received my belt a few days ago. have to say it's a great belt and it's finally something new. also like the biothane. great work guys.
the carbon fiber biothane and tactical nylon are fantastic! i'm phasing out my other belts and switching to these for daily use. any advice on breaking in the tactical nylon? it's fairly difficult to adjust because how rigid it is.
i've been wearing my biothane belt for a few days now. really like the look & the quality of the product. was able to trim the belt to an appealing point with some hd scissors as per a couple of earlier comments. given that the biothane is smooth and thinner than tactical nylon webbing however, it does loosen some throughout the day. perhaps if there were a couple of grooves machined into the brass bar it would secure it better.  overall i'm very satisfied with the item!
got it (australia). thanks mike.
michael: yes, it has left mexico city and is on its way to me... thanks! :-)
tom, chris, jurgen, i just sent each of you a message with tracking. it appears the packages are getting close to some of their international destinations.  the last few remaining packages shipped out yesterday :)
any update on when i'll receive my belt in the uk? is there a tracking number i can check? thanks
any update on when i'll receive my belt in london, uk? thanks
when can i expect mine to arrive? (promised for november.)
received mine with the standard nylon web.  came out very nice.
i got mine yesterday and put it to use immediately. i did not use the web belt to hold up a motorcycle, but it performed admirably holding my pants up. it was very comfortable and i'm very glad i backed the project! i agree with the other comments that the buckle is a bit too large to fit through the belt loops of regular pants. it's a minor inconvenience to deal with that i can live with.
hi gary, the biothane cuts nicely with sharp scissors. you don't have to worry about sealing the edge. it doesn't fray much at all.
got my belt today. i love it, but i've got a question: i have the biothane belt, and i wanted to cut the end of the belt into a more wedge shape to make it easier to get it into my belt loops. before i did so i wanted to check and see if there is anything i need to do to seal it after i cut it so that it doesn't unravel or anything. thanks!
i've been wearing my belt for two or three days now and have some comments. mine has the biothane belt material and while i like the material well enough i don't find it to be thick and stiff enough to support a belt holster with a full size handgun though it does work ok with an iwb holster. also the lack of knurling on the brass buckle bar causes me to have to tighten the belt every hour or so or my pants start to droop. and while i like the buckle having to disassemble the belt in order to switch it to another pair of pants is pretty annoying. on the up side the i really like how the buckle works and the biothane makes for a very comfortable and lightweight belt that looks awesome.
just so everyone knows, if you get your belt and there are any issues at all, you can send me a pm here through kickstarter and i'll work with you to make it right. i'm a reasonable guy and will do everything within reason to make sure you're happy.
just an idea for the biothane guys....i haven't gotten mine yet, but i'm curious if some kind of smooth tape (something like clear shipping tape) work for the inside and prevent the bunching?  not the best permanent solution but think it would work?
just received my belt today. thank you very much. very happy
this is a great belt! i love the way it looks and how buckle works. there are a few issues i've run into since i got my belt a few days ago. the biothane is a bit too rubbery. it doesn't really move with me so when i sit down it bunches at the small of my back and pokes at it. this may go away as i break in the biothane but i guess we'll see. the other issues is that because the biothane is rubbery it makes hard to just pull the belt off or readjust it when i resize the belt. i love the look of the biothane but i think the regular webbing would have been more comfortable. another issue is that the buckle is a bit too large for the belt loops on my cargo pants and i have to force them through. i know i can just disassemble the buckle but i feel i shouldn't have to do that. don't get me wrong though this is a great product and i will recommend this to my friends.
got mine today. i like the way the biothane looks and feels, but like grover i'm a bit bothered by the way the buckle sits, i'll give it some time to wear in and see if it sits better. it's also a bit difficult to adjust the sizing on pants with the two front loops close together, and since the buckle needs to be taken apart and size reset anytime i change pants it no longer seems very quick. don't get me wrong, it's a great buckle, but it would be perfect if it was able to swap to different pants as easily as a normal belt. thanks michael!
i received my belt a few days ago. thank you for a great product, and good luck for your future endeavors!
very well done! one question, is it going to cause any harm to frequently disassemble the buckle? it is to large for my pant loops.
i've tried it both ways. i'll give it some time and see if it will relax. thanks
hi grover, thanks for the feedback. i recommend wearing it for a few days to let the strap break-in. you can also wear it with the tail hidden and it should lay very flat. if neither of those things help send me a message and i'll help you exchange for a different strap.
i got mine in san diego. my biothane, carbon fibre isn't laying flat. i probably should of got the web belt. neither end will go through the belt loop so you must disconnect. superior materials with a few flaws.
just received mines.
i got mine! woop!
received the belt today and gave it to my husband.  he is ecstatic, loves the belt! well done guys thank you. happy new year.
happy holidays everyone! most the belts shipped on christmas eve after an all nighter of stuffing envelopes. about 10% are yet to ship, mostly for engraved buckles and other special requests. those last belts will go out in the next few days. i hope you all have a restful holiday!
@wes.  if you look under your pledge you can see options on shipping and delivery status.
i got mine today. it's very nice. quick delivery from tucson to phoenix. :)
wondering if mine has shipped? do you have a tracking #?
anyone in america received theirs yet?
actually, it will be great if i can get it before jan 7. i will need to go to china for 2 weeks and really hope i can have it with me on the trip lol
hi odi, i'll set one aside for you.  i could probably send you a piece for the cost of shipping.  send me a pm in a couple weeks and we'll work something out :)
mike saw the picture of the carbon fibre buckles during production. after the carbon fibre buckle were cut out, you were left with the unwanted frame edge. i am asking, can you sell me few pieces of those.
hi jason, you might still get it before then, but probably a few days after christmas, since shipping is slow this time of year.  your belt should ship out monday at the latest.  i'm very sorry about the delay, but i'm sure it will be worth the wait.
i thought i can get it before xmas...... why there is always a delay
nice work mike!   looks likes it's coming along.   :)
hi nicholas, yes, they get bent to fit into the buckle and then they are unbent once inside.  that way they are captive and are never coming out.
@carbontactics there is a video of bending the brass posts, is that to get them into the buckle? do they get bent back once in the buckle?  looks straight in the campaign info?
@creator:  any update on delivery?  are you thinking christmas or new years?
hi tom, i will post an update in the next couple days with a better estimate.  the biggest variables now are how long it takes to get the anodized buckles back from my vendor (hopefully about a week) and how smoothly carbon fiber machining goes.  i'll have a better idea in a couple days.  thanks for your patience. let me know if you have any other questions :)
hi mike, how is the schedule looking re completion and delivery? i know it'll be slightly longer for me (uk based), but a rough idea would be great if possible! would be cool to see more photos on instagram too!
josh, i made the change for you and sent you a pm.   wes, i think delivery in time for christmas is likely, at least for the majority of the belts.  i can't promise that all of them will arrive by then though, especially since international shipments can take a bit longer.  let me know if you have any other questions!
so do you think we will have these by atleast christmas?
sorry to hear there's been a hiccup in your production timing but good to see you making quality selections in your products.   i see you have implemented a "bomb proof" anodized process.   cool!   part of the reason i selected silver color was in case it was a "paint on"  finish.   is it too late to switch my colors to black?
hi mike, i estimate that we still have a couple weeks to go before we start shipping. the aluminum buckles are almost done but still have to be anodized, and the carbon buckles still have to be machined.  then we'll sew on straps and ship them out. let me know if you have any other questions!
is there an update on the shipping of these belts? its now into december
hi gary, yes, the carbon should be on track for december as well.  my plan is to machine those buckles while the aluminum pieces are being anodized.
are the carbon fiber buckles also on track for december? or will they be later than that? not particularly worried about the delay, i'd rather get a good product late than a shoddy rushed one on time. i'm just looking to set my expectations. :)
hi jurgen, i'm machining the last of the aluminum buckles today, but there are several steps still to do (deburring, anodizing, installing magnet/brass post, sewing on straps, etc).  estimated ship date is now december. thank you for your patience.
any news on shipping of my reward? regards. -- jürgen
no worries on the delay. they look great!
i've been watching on your instagram site.   they look sweetest!
hi tom, i plan to post an update in the next day or so, but the summary is that tooling is complete and i'm optimizing toolpaths today on the mill.  should start cranking buckles out in the next day or two :)
i haven't really spent much money on this project, but i've been laying off buying a new belt. can you give an update?
i got a quincy qt-54. i'm pretty happy with it so far.  i bought it through northern tool.
which compressor did you get?
@carbontactics on instagram.  that's where i'm trying to post more day-to-day stuff for all the fellow enginerds :) i will do an official update early next week here on kickstarter.
sweet!   enginerd myself so this kinda thing is just awesome to see come together.   is thee another place you're posting too?
i'm hooking up the new air compressor today, which the mill needs to run.  most of the cutting tools have come in, but still waiting on some.  i should be making chips early next week :)
hey mike.   how's the new toy.... er i mean tool working out?
finally filled out my survey. sorry i took so long. hugs 'n howls from werewulf!!
hi zach, the anodizing color is for the buckle.  the survey shows you selected black for all three buckles, but please send me a message if you would prefer something else, and we will get it recorded correctly in my records. thanks!
hey mike i just filled out the survey and i didnt see anything where you add what type of buckle you want did i miss something by chance?
hi josh, the kickstarter funds just cleared today, so i'll be sending out the surveys tomorrow most likely. no worries if it takes a couple extra days for you to submit yours :)
hey mike i might be out of town and internet for a couple days.   have a plan of when the email n sizes will go out?  sure looking forward to this product!
hi tom, no worries! i was originally going to send it out last week, but i decided to wait a bit.  it should go out in a few days.  i will also post an update when it goes out. even then, if you miss it i will do my best to yell at you until you fill it out :)
hi michael, when will you be sending out the size and colour surveys? just wanted to check i hadn't accidentally deleted it if it has already gone out! thanks!
hidden magnet
hide the magnet.
yeah me too, something i just can't bring myself to do.
haha yes, i saw that, kind of ridiculous.  i think they spent a lot on pr.
dude, you see this? https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/magzook/magbelt-a-magnetic-belt-that-fits-perfectly-to-you
*your
hello michael,  will you be offering the carbon fiber version on tour site ? i don't see this option....
hi aleks, great question! i think i'm going to request that people provide their waist size (measured through the belt loops), and then i will add on a few inches for adjustment.  waist size seems the most reliable method, because "pant sizes" and "belt sizes" vary a lot depending on the manufacturer.  i would always err on the side of bigger, since it is adjustable.   also, trimming the strap yourself is not too difficult if it's a few inches too long.
would you suggest we order our size or a size or two bigger since the belt is adjustable
i like the hidden version better
my vote is for the hidden magnet.
hide it. plus won't have to have color choices for magnets.
i prefer the magnet hidden
new design looks great , go for it.
i'm all for the new modifications. more of a sleek look and will get a "that's bad ass" comment when showed off i personally think. also adds a higher quality aspect of the design.
i vote for hiding the magnet. no functionality is lost and it looks smooth and clean without it. if anything, the magnet is protected.
i bought the carbon fiber buckle and it doesn't matter to me. either design looks nice and well made.
it really makes no difference to me. it's not a belt one wears to a white house dinner. the key is - what will be the delay if the change is made?
if the change makes it more durable, i'm on board.
i like the design change that protects and covers the magnet!
i'm making a guide for sizing. i will post it as an update when the surveys go out in a day or two.
how is belt sizing going to work?
congratulations! nice surge the past few days
i hope the mexican postal system will cooperate to get the baby to me safely... :-)
that's fantastic!  congratulations. i can't wait to see my hubby in it.  great job.
woohoo! thanks brad :) that was a strong finish. now it's time to get to work!
dude, that is awesome! congrats! you better go buy a used robodrill or brother now :)
hi mayim, just sent you a message.  we'll get it figured out. thanks!
argh! trying to back your project for the $39 belt and the $44 belt, but it won't allow me to add, or increase my pledge amount. what can i do? hi fellow tucsonan! *waves*
thanks, rony!
congratulations!!!
any other backers have an interest in a dark grey anodized version? it's not presently offered, but there's a small photo of that color in the collage under the 'prototyping' sub-heading in the main description. if there's sufficient interest it may become a fourth color option. i find it to be the nicest complimentary color to a black belt. gotta state your interest for it to even become a possibility. nice steady growth of funding on this. hope it's a 'go'!  don't be shy about promoting this on social media!
hi tom, shipping to the uk typically takes about a week in my experience. all the rewards should ship out in november. let me know if you have any other questions :)
hi michael, what is the estimated time it will take you to start shipping once the kickstarter is over, and whats the estimated uk shipping time?  just eager to get my hands on it before i go on a number of trips that's all! thanks
a smaller version is completely possible, but i decided to start with the 1.5" strap because it seems most popular.  as long as this project gets funded, i will probably design a 1" version sometime down the road. the buckle is not load rated. it's overbuilt for a belt, but not designed to use as a climbing harness or anything like that. the weight of the belt is going to be 4-6 ounces for most people, but it will vary based on the size. let me know if you have any other questions :)
hey michael, that's the weight of each strap with each buckle? what's the strength test of each strap with each buckle? i would rather not have to undo the strap from my buckle in order to remove it from my pants, i don't see the tactical part of that  aspect . unless their was a bump key hidden on the buckle or a shim or something. so if i wanted a belt at 1" and the buckle 1.5" what would have to happen to make that possible?
hi gabriel, the weight of the entire belt is 4-5 ounces. i'll have to weight a buckle by itself and get back to you. the buckle is thin enough to slip through the loops of some pants but usually i just unthread the strap from the buckle and put it on that way.
only the strap will fit threw the belt loop not the buckle? what the weight of buckles?
scott, thanks for the suggestion :) i will look into it.  as long as it still looks good, i think there's no issue in having the chamfer, same as the aluminum buckle.
hey michael, i noticed the carbon fiber buckle doesn't have a chamfered front edge like the aluminum ones.  i suppose it might change the look a little if you did, but it might also be more comfortable to wear.  i've got other belt buckles that kind of "dig in" when you bend forward.  just a thought.
hi gabriel, i only have the 1.5" version right now.  i have found the strap has worked with all the belt loops i've come across.  at some point in the future i hope to make a 1" version, but i have no idea how soon that might happen. let me know if you have any other questions :)
do you have belt straps that are one inch with a smaller buckle? i have several pants i have for overnight hikes that have small hoops. i like this belt you made; would love it it if met my needs. i would upgrade to the carbon fiber model if my needs can be met. thank you.
chase, thanks for the pledge! that works, i'll make sure you get everything you need. william, thanks for for following me on instagram! you're one of the first, if not the first :)
just became your follower on your brand new @carbontactics instagram account! gotta post the quicky there though...
hey michael, i just backed for 3 belts, but i'm not sure exactly which option i should do.  i want the carbon fiber option (89), the early bird black anodized(44), and the $50 one with any color belt and anodized.  its cheaper then doing the carbon fiber and the twosome lol.  i chose to pledge on the early bird, since you only have a limited amount of those, but then you say we need to pledge on the carbon fiber one to get that option, which then wont hold me in the early bird, so i'm not sure which option you would prefer i setup? thanks!
yep! they're all 1.5 inches wide.
are the belts all 1-1/2" (38mm) wide? might have missed it but i don't see that noted anywhere.
hi william, good eye! i did originally make a grey prototype as well. i'm willing to bring it back if i get enough interest.
under the 'prototyping' subheading in the main description, there's a collage of six photos one of which shows four different color versions of the buckle. one is a dark grey & looks awesome. the color options state natural, black, & blue. any chance of the grey anodized version being offered if there's enough interest?
you will have the choice of black or silver magnets. we'll get your choice in the survey at the end of the campaign. let me know if you have any other questions :)
so will the standard black buckles come with black magnets?
it is exciting to see that the project is doing well. i am assuming that the magnet is still accessible from the front. if it is then magnetic buckle covers would be really cool - like a "snap-on" design whenever you want. in any case, good luck!
you can switch your pledge to the carbon reward level, and then manually double that pledge amount for a second buckle. i'll then make sure you get two.  send me a message if you run into any issues and we'll figure it out together!
hi. i pledge for a twosome. how do i upgrade them to carbon buckles?
you have a few options, because the belt works just about any way you can think to thread it. you can tuck the extra material into the nearest belt loop of your pants, or you can thread the strap so that the extra tail is actually under the belt and hidden. or if you want a more permanent solution, cut the tail to the desired length and seal the end with a lighter.  i like to leave myself a few inches of leeway though ;)
how does one manage the piece of the belt that exceeds the length needed? does the belt come with a loop to hold the fabric neatly together?
good question! any size you need, i got you covered.  54" is no problem at all.
question?  what belt lengths are available?  i'm a  plus size guy, (loosing it slowly) and need a good belt to keep 'em up.  currently at 54".
the magnet in front does not bother me at all! i would even call it an "interesting accent" that sets the belt apart from the rest of the crowd... :-)
thanks brad :) i just emailed you.
they do sell epoxy coated magnets mike, email me if you need a good source.
i've been putting the prototype through its paces for a couple months, and i haven't seen any sign of wear on the magnets.  i understand your concern though. i've broken my fair share of magnets over the years.
mike, i've had the silver coating on neodymium magnet flake off after a while or cracked when the magnets slap together too hard... just wondering if you've tested for this?  would hate to have this problem with the quicky after extended use..
greg, the magnet probably can't be hidden too easily with this design, but there are some coatings that could possibly be applied to the magnet to make it a darker color.  there's a coating called "black nickel", but i haven't found any 3/8"x1/8" magnets with that coating.  i'll look into it a bit more though. :)
i've been looking at the design of the quicky, and found that the exposed silver neodymium magnet at the front of the buckle to be quite distracting, especially for the black anodized version.. just wondering if the magnet can be hidden instead?
hi greg, thanks for the pledge! i just sent you a pm. i'll get something sent your way tomorrow.
just backed, but still love my cinchy.... i've emailed and messaged you regarding getting a new belt for my cinchy, which is now fraying due to daily use... but still haven't heard back.  would appreciate it if you could get back to me.
congrats on another project!!
awesome! thanks for the continued support :)
hey mike, so happy to see new products being created and  sold by your company. i've been using my original quicky for over a year and can't live without it! i'm excited to be a backer of these new belts. very impressed with the tactical option, i've been wanting a stronger weight bearing belt. can't wait to receive them. i went ahead and backed you for 4. good luck on the campaign.
