@gaston, thanks for checking in. a certain slant is not abnormal as there is some tolerances in the manufacturing process but i'm happy to look into it for you. i'll send you an email to resolve!
i am having the same issues as @lin hsuan ju. i thought it was normal to have a slanted z shape.
i just received it today!  no tracking number but the trivae arrived in the mail today! thanks!
hi, i did not received a tracking number...
@lin hsuan ju, sorry to hear you're having trouble with your trivae. can you email us at info@trivae.com and send us a pic so we can see the issue you're having?
strike that - i *did* get a tracking number.
i didn't get a tracking number (methinks), but today i got the usual ransom note from the danish customs service: $30 for import vat and handling. :-/ well at least my trivae should be here in a day or two now.
hi, i received my trivae and open my parcel right away, but find trivae is uneven when i turn it into z shape. it's usable to place a lid, but doesn't look good if i put a plate on trivae.
@shuhong - sent! emails with tracking numbers went out automatically but if any other international backers have this issue, then please message us. thanks!
hi, i've yet to receive my tracking number as well.
@michele - just sent you a message with it!
hi svletana, can you check if mine is on the way and if i can have tracking number???
keep the feedback coming guys and please don't forget to post images of your trivaes in use on social media or just send them to us once you've had a chance to put yours to use  :)
@robert, thanks so much for the feedback and observations. this is one of the great things about the ks community and this process that it allows us to get additional perspectives that we may not have been able to see ourselves otherwise. we'll try to recreate the issue you're seeing on your end and evaluate it. we may need to post additional warnings in our instructions to help users avoid such a scenario and we'll look into that! thanks again!
svetlana - i tried your scenario and it made no difference. you have the same tipping danger, when pressure is applied to the front of the pan, pot or plate, when sitting on the upper ring, when in z-mode. because of the play in the spine arm, you loose the stability of the base. i agree, if you just apply pressure to just the center of a pan, pot or place, sitting on the upper ring, it is unlikely there would be a problem. however, the potential for an accident is very real. just my 2 cents.
received them yesterday, but wasn't able to unbox until just now.  totally worth the wait!! and the best and most beautiful packaging of anything i have backed! great job! i love it
@danylo - we just sent you a message with your tracking number. special note to the international backers: you should be receiving your tracking number shortly as the package is processed through the system, but if you don't receive anything in the next couple of days then please send us a message.
hi robert, thanks very much for your feedback! we really appreciate hearing any and all comments are you use trivae. you're right, the play in the rings is intentional for the locking mechanism to work smoothly. if we understand the issue you're seeing correctly, you're apply force only on the front of the rings with nothing on the product when you're testing the play. this would not be the case if you had a plate across the top ring, as its weight would provide a counter-balance to the force applied to the very front. pressure should not be applied to the front tips of the top ring without applying pressure to the back (as is the case with a plate sitting on top), as this could create undue force and strain the mechanism. hope this helps to clarify things, but if you're seeing some other issues then please send us a message and some pics so we can look at it more closely.  thanks!
i received my 3 trivae today and they look very nice. in trying one out, i found there is approximately 1 inch play, in the spine when the trivae is placed in z-mode, with all buttons locked. when pushing down on the front of the upper ring, while in z-mode, the spine moves forward, and the upper ring moves forward and down, approx, 1 inch. instructions state, "do not place dishes or pots containing liquids on the product in z-mode". i am assuming this play/movement was designed into the unit. this is concerning, should someone place a dish or pot of food (as pictured on the project page), even without liquid, on the upper ring, while in the z-mode. this could result in the dish or pot moving forward and down, while someone is dishing out food, while unknowingly applying pressure on the front of the dish, with a utensil or otherwise. among possible outcomes, the sudden movement of the dish, may result in a surprised person reaching out and grabbing a hot dish, and/or possibly knocking the hot dish off the ring. i am curious if anyone else has found this same issue.
where can we find our tracking number?
very nice product, solid construction, we put it to use right away.  just a suggestion, the locking mechanism can be a little hard to grip, perhaps for future updates add a bit of rubber grip on it.
got my tribal yesterday.  it looks amazing, and so well built :-p
thanks so much to everyone for all the great feedback and encouraging words! we so appreciate them and please don't forget to take some pics and share them with us on social media, we love to see how you're using your trivaes :) @j.o. so sorry you ran into an issue with the feet. we drove our manufacturer very hard to produce a high quality product and received mostly great results (finally). unfortunately, the assembly process for trivae involves a lot of manual handling and with 10 feet per unit, it can sometimes happen that not all of them are 100% on every unit. you can definitely drop a little glue into the slot, pop it back in and it will stay put. it shouldn't impact the function of your trivae. if you run into any other problems, please shoot us a message and we will resolve it. thanks!
got mine today as well. very impressed with design. congrats on a great product.
received mine today. so far, it works amazingly well.  i hope you sell a lot of them!
i've set a private message concerning my perk but  cannot get a reply .-( please update
just got mine.  i'm happy with it as well.
i just received mine and overall i am very happy with how it turned out. my only concern is with the small rubber plugs on the bottom. two of mine were loose enough that they fall out with little to no contact with anything. it's definitely something i can fix myself with a little epoxy but it could potentially be an annoying problem for some and something you might think about changing in the future.
mine just arrives in los angeles...  pretty good stuff...
i know it is only 13 days since the last awesome update but any snippet on how things are going will be appreciated. hopefully this monday means we are done with all the holidays.
thanks for checking raphael, you're all set!
alright, my shipping info was already correct on backerkit! thanks!
i'm a backer but i can't access https://trivae.backerkit.com/ (once i fill the form, i can't connect)... i put my address here, just so that you don't miss it: raphael rousseau - 9 rue du cimetiere f-68124 logelbach france thanks! raphael
i was also one of the lucky few to receive a trivae from the small batch.  i just want all of you still waiting to know that you will not be disappointed!  the extra time and care that svetlana and rebecca have put into the qc on this project really shows in the quality of materials and packaging of the product! very impressed!
@kennyjftw, that's a clever idea, thanks so much for the tip. we have indeed thought about a way to incorporate a spoon rest into the design so we will add this to our list of ideas to explore :)
i have an idea for an accessory - a spoon rest made to fit the trivae.  basically, a saucer made to hang inside of either ring, with clearance for the central shaft, with its own silicone feet (or bottom) so it can stay put on its own, too.  maybe also cut so that it can butt up directly against the trivae in z-mode for a cleaner appearance. might be handy for those of us who keep our trivae set up on the stove.
thank you so much for the feedback!  we're so glad you like it and that you're enjoying using it!  take pics! we want to see. :)
i was one of the lucky few to get a trivae from the small batch that was mentioned in the next most-recent update.  i'll vouch that it looks good and works great.  in addition to holding pot lids, i've laid it down horizontally for holding some larger baking pans and the like, and it's proving to be a lot more convenient than just laying down a couple of pot holders.  it feels very solid, and i have no doubt that its upright configuration can hold as heavy of a dish as anyone with any sense would balance on top of it.  i'm very impressed.
any updates? this is ridiculous
so i'm guessing we are not getting these by year end.
hi blacksan! so glad to hear that you're missing trivae in your life and we're working diligently to make sure you're not missing it for too much longer :)! production is in full swing at the moment and we expect to be able to give you a detailed update within the next two weeks and another behind the scenes look with new product images. be sure to stay tuned for that!
checking in on this awesome investment!  we already had thanksgiving and i already had thoughts on how awesome it will be to place the pot lid on the trivae instead if the balancing act in the counter. just proof we need this.
thanks for the info richard. we do expect to get our inventory shipped out before the end of 2015 but it's good to be aware of those dates :)
also, please note that chinese new year is on feb. 8th 2016.  if you run into any delays in january, and have to move things to feb., then everything usually shuts down for at least a week for chinese new year.
hello michael, thanks very much for your comments and believe me, i understand your frustration. this may sound cliche but it is nonetheless true, we are doing absolutely everything we can to cut down on the timeline i promise you! we have taken more time with tooling changes and sampling then we originally planned for and there has, of course, been a learning curve for us on this project as well but we're working very hard to bring you a product that you will enjoy using for years to come. we hope you'll continue to bear with us through the process and love the end result even though it's longer in coming than we all anticipated!
i wish you the best in bringing this to fruition, but at the same time am frustrated with the delays.  it just so happens that four of the kickstarter projects i backed around this time that involve overseas production are all experiencing significant delays which has led me to cease backing any projects of that type. "we've also tried to be conservative in our delivery estimates to make sure we allow for any unexpected delays, as all projects can experience." is a quote from your campaign.  everyone claims to understand what's involved in scaling up a new product but then learns it's a long way from wall street to hands-on. sorry to sound so negative, but multiple projects being delayed 7+ months makes one feel a bit jaded.  good luck with bringing this to our doors, particularly with the quality control inherently needed with many/most foreign-produced products.
congrats on going into production!  the end is in sight!
hello blacksan! thanks so much for the moral support, we are go grateful for every bit of it. we've just posted an update with the latest, check it out here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/339561090/trivae-art-and-function-at-work-in-your-kitchen/posts/1393568
just checking in to see if we are still looking good for a december delivery.  we are still in the background cheering you on.
thanks for checking in richard! we posted an update last week, please check it out here for all the latest: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/339561090/trivae-art-and-function-at-work-in-your-kitchen/posts/1306566
any further updates you tell us ?
hey cassandra, thanks so much for the compliments and your continued support of us, we are very excited to bring trivae to your kitchen too! the pilot run is coming along really well and we got some great production pictures in the last few days to share with you. right now we are waiting for the latest progress report from the factory, expected early in the coming week to include in our planned update to our backers. please stay tuned for some details within the week!
i have been dreaming of having your product in my kitchen and sharing it with my friends and family ever since the first campaign.  what is the latest and when will this great product be a reality in my kitchen?
hello robert, thanks very much for sharing that link. i read the team's update and it was fascinating! i particularly liked their comments about the level of output being directly relevant to the level of interest in the product being produced. if that is so then we are in luck because our production lead on the ground is a huge fan of trivae :)! i'm glad that the manager for that kickstarter has the funds to stay close to the factory for the duration because they can definitely avoid some delays and frustrations that way. in our lessons learned we also think that some of our own delays may have been minimized if we made the trip out during the prototyping and tooling phase but hindsight is sadly always 20/20. at this stage though, having already worked out the majority of details, our best use of funds is focusing on testing, quality of workmanship, delivery logistics and other things related to getting your rewards out to you as soon as possible. stay tuned for an official update within the next week or so!
thank you svetlana for your response. i really don't mean to be a thorn in your side. i am backing another project, where the manager has decided to remain in china during the entire manufacturing process, and decided to dairy his experience. i thought you might find this interesting, since you talked about some of these same issues and can relate. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/iblazr/iblazr-2-the-most-versatile-led-flash-for-ios-andr/posts/1343761…
hi robert, sorry to hear about your experience and you're right quality can be an issue if not properly supervised. we actually have an agent on the ground (who is not affiliated with our manufacturer) for just that purpose. he is already spending time at the factory now to help move along the production process and will be inspecting both our pilot run and mass order for consistent quality. we both hope to be able to get to china to visit the factory for ourselves and that's important for supervision and relationship purposes once we can get that into our budget as the business gets up and running. in the meantime, our agent on the ground is overseeing the production side of things!
just wondered if one of you will be traveling to china to perform quality control, at the time manufacturing begins? i just participated in another project where qc was delegated to the manufacturer and ended up with a 20 and 25% replacement rate.
glad to hear that!
yes they are!  right now our manufacturers are working on the first small run of product, and things are on schedule as they've promised us so far.  we'll keep you updated as we know more, but thanks for checking in!
since your last update, are things going as well as you have hoped ?
seems that, you girls really need to hire a engineer.  as a professional, an extra of tooling piece that takes 30 days to make is unreasonable. an entire tooling could be fabricated in 30 days, given that your product isn't that complicated.  should take no longer than 5 days.   and takes that long to mail a sample? any air dhl or fedex should only take a week only. good luck.
thanks brian! your kinds words and tremendous support means the world! stay tuned for more as we move forward and tackle the obstacles in our path to get this product made :)
thank you for the latest update, and the transparency in the process.  sure, it's disappointing to not get them as soon as we had hoped, but these things happen in the manufacturing world, i for one would not hold it against you.  it's just one of the many trials to get a new product to market, and i'm sure you're learning a lot about it all.  but it's better to have a high-quality product that you are proud of, than to settle for anything less.  it will serve you better in the long-run, and it's what will let trivae make a bigger impact when you do get it to retail.  keep your chin up, i believe in you.  :)
james, we appreciate your concerns and are working really hard to bring you a quality product in the shortest possible amount of time. thanks again for hanging in there and being supportive. we'll come back with a timeline as soon as we have it!
talk about past the delivery date... but i appreciate a well made product over a hastily made one. will we realistically see these by the end of september?
hey michele - we're in the process of finalizing details with our manufacturer (it's a long process) but plan to post an update on friday.  stay tuned!
hello! any news for us???
thanks for checking in richard. we received our latest sample a couple of days ago and are reviewing and testing it as we speak. expect another update next week with some details, next steps and all that good stuff! happy 4th!
can you issue another update to let us know how things are progressing ?
thanks for being honest to us and keep us up-dated. i do not mind your delay for trying so hard.
thanks for the update , looks like we're getting close to receiving a great product. also happy birthday rebecca !
@danylo, you read our mind! we just posted an update so please check it out for the latest :)!
any updates?
@richard, thanks for checking in! more details on status are in the last two updates but the short of it is we're waiting for a new sample to be finished at the end of this week and are super excited to get our hands on it sometime next week! if it's perfect, production is the next step but expect a detailed update (and hopefully some new pictures) as soon as we see this new sample :)
any updates ?
thanks for the feedback braxton!  we really appreciate it and will send out more updates for sure even if we are in waiting-mode. :)  but on that note, we hope you and all our backers have a great weekend!
thank you for the updates.  we're happy to see them even if they don't have much new information.  most of us have backed several projects and understand that dealing with manufacturers and tooling and translation and prototyping and retooling and crazy foreign holidays and marketing and investor relations and trade shows and ...... it goes on forever i'm sure. don't be afraid to put out updates saying "have a great weekend!" even.  we are happy to know you are working on the project and haven't forgotten the horde. tl:dr, more updates are better updates, even if they don't have much substance.
hi thomas - we're actually in the process of preparing a manufacturing update for everyone, so look out for that in the next few days!
any news about shipping dates yet?
thanks for checking in guys! kris and shelley you're both all set with your surveys! for anyone who's having trouble with finding their survey link in their email just go to: https://trivae.backerkit.com and enter the email address associated with your kickstarter account to receive a new invite. you can also just shoot us a quick message and we'll forward you a link to your individual survey!
i am 98 percent sure i filled out my survey but how do i check
was everyone to receive a survey?  i did not and i have checked my spam folder.
hey backers - surveys are out!  if you didn't see yours in your email, make sure to check your spam folder just in case you have over-active spam filters. :)  but if you still haven't gotten it, email us! :)
survey done. now comes the anxious waiting... ;-)
yea!! i want my trivaes :-)    go seahawks!
congrats!  you deserve every last bit of your success and i can't wait to get my trivae!
thank you everyone for your kind words and your support of us and our campaign!  we can't wait to send you your trivaes.  more info coming soon!
congrats on this project. cant wait to get my trivae, a gift for my wife.
wow!  way to go svetlana & rebecca.  i haven't checked in a while & i'm surprised and excited for you on your campaign.  i can't wait for my trivae!!!!  yeah!!!
awesome news! keep up the great work, you can almost see the finish line :) looking forward to finally having trivae in my kitchen.
thanks for the nice message shane!
great job, ladies! what a fantastic end to the campaign and what a great achievement to raise the amount that you have. i have no doubt this will propel you forward into the next stages as the product comes into the market and matures. so excited to see the project come to fruition for you and that soon everyone will have their trivae on hand in the kitchen!
thanks for your comments daniel and we are very happy to have you as a supporter of both campaigns! we are absolutely ecstatic with the success of this campaign and we owe it all to our backers. we certainly don't want you to be unhappy with the amount of communication you're receiving from us but rest assured with the campaign less than 20 hrs from being complete, our updates will be just frequent enough to keep everyone in the loop on the latest developments with the project and production process. we appreciate your bearing with us :)
i'll preface this by saying, yes, i like your product.  i backed the original (unsuccessful) campaign and now this one.  but please stop the spam.  we get you're excited this campaign has (far) exceeded its goals but the constant barrage of emails to your supporters to keep plugging for you is annoying and over the top.  you are preaching to the choir.
looking forward to it!
hi isaiah! thank you so much for all your positive feedback and encouraging words! one thing that has really helped us to make this project a success is backers like you, we are so grateful for your support :)! beyond that, we have definitely spent a lot of time analyzing our previous campaign and how it compares to this one along with strategies we can use to help us get in front of more interested potential supporters. we definitely have some takeaways about the things that have made a difference for us. we're also happy to share those with you and everyone else that has helped us bring this project to life! once we wrap up in the next few days, we'll do a campaign in review-type update where we'll do just that. so stay tuned for more in this topic and in the meantime, let's bring this thing home!!!
svetlana et al, i'm so happy that this ks has really succeeded! funded on day one, and steady ever since -- now we are set to exceed even the first project's ambitious goal. currently we are trending at $51-57k, or nearly double the amount collected in the previous campaign, and that's not taking into account the 20-30% that many successful ks projects pull in in the last two days. i wouldn't be surprised to see this hit $75k. i'm curious, as someone who backed you both times, if you guys have any thoughts on why this campaign has been so much more successful than the first. did you do something different this time around? was it the contests? was it just the momentum from one projects' worth of backers jumping in on day 1? was it the lower goal and the fact that we hit it on day one? was it just better timing? others may find your thoughts very elucidating, and while obviously some company knowledge may need to remain internal, i hope you feel able to share some of the broadest strokes with us and the ks community. here's to a great final three days!
great job girls! i look forward to seeing trivae in my kitchen!!!
i vote for pink in honor of breast cancer charities. go trivae, can't wait to get mine!
eric, we really appreciate the details and advice - these are all aspects of the manufacturing process and material selections that we and our manufacturers have been considering and adjusting for. it would have been great had we learned of your manufacturing firm much earlier in our process - we might have worked with you. :)  please be assured that the process and materials used in the production are perfectly safe for the environment in which they're intended to be used.
i agree the coating is non-toxic, however the holes and screw areas where the rivets may leave some plating residual.  during the electroplating purposes, the holes are used to literally hang on fixtures, hence there are often residuals in these holes.   that residual is the toxic chromium, that can cause respiratory issues.  just make sure at least test it for rohs and reach compliant at the holes area after assembly to ensure product safety.  for manufacturing a product isn't simple, it isn't just the raw materials that needs to be compliant, it is the process as well. i am assuming you are using zamak3 or zamak5, which does contain impurities and toxic heavy metals, mainly cadmium.  to my knowledge, this will pass rohs compliant, but probably wont pass the food grade metals in europe. in addition, from what i understand is that silicone is a a heat conductor, so it may be possible to transfer some heat onto the metal surface.
great work guys! very excited that you have moved into the next stage and that we'll be seeing trivae's in the coming year!
eric - thank you so much for your detailed comments. product safety and materials is something that we (in conjunction with our several designers and manufacturers) gave a lot of time and attention to, and we're confident that we’ve chosen materials that are safe and appropriate for the product’s intended use. the metal coating is non-toxic, and is commonly used in kitchenware.  additionally, the silicone has a heat resistance of up to 500f and is fda food-grade. we want to stress that the intended use of this product does not include placing it on a hot stove or inside of an oven (or at the extreme, a pizza oven where it would be exposed to temperatures up to 700f), but rather it is to be used as a trivet, a lid holder, and a display piece where it can support a weight of up to 10 lbs in z-shape. when used in this manner, it is safe to be used in environments where it may come into incidental contact with food, in a manner as all trivets might experience. again, we really appreciate all of your comments - if you have any more specific questions about the product or materials, send us an email and we’ll be happy to answer them.
zinc is sturdy yes, but it is the structure and the rivets that holds it together, right?  no metal part will break or crack under the weight and stress a normal cooking pot.  but the high temperature might cause the metal to deform. wouldn't zinc be too heavy? first of all, zinc is more expensive than aluminium.   another thing that zinc has a lower temperature melting point than aluminium, so lets say if you put a very hot stainless steel pot or grill plate trivave  on the , zinc would be more likely to deform than aluminium. zinc melting point is 380c (717f), while aluminium is 600c (1112f).  most ovens's temperature goes around 400-500, the cooking stone itself, such as pizza ovens can exceed 700f, so using zinc should be considered. also, one more thing, you should know from all the kitchen metal stuff that may or may not come in contact with food can not be zinc.  there are many instances of zinc poisoning.  that is why in europe, there is a strict regulation of special food grade metals may come in contact with food. also, you are chroming the product.  from a health standpoint, the chromium used to plate the product is highly toxic to our health and environment.  since the product has some holes and rivets the changes, there could be chances of residual in these holes that lead to some health acidents. fyi, i am not trying to put your project down, i love the trivae, but being a product designer and working with the kitchen appliance industry for such a long time, i just want to give you a heads up before some law suits start knocking on your door.
keep the color suggestions coming guys, we're taking careful notes :) eric, trivae is slated to be made out of zinc, which we've been told by our manufacturers will make it very sturdy and strong enough to handle the weight of your lids and dishes!
stretch goal, yellow for me.
what type of cast metal is it? stainless steel or aluminum?
what about gunmetal grey as an alternative colour
thanks so much for the well wishes!  it's been a great day! :)
6 hours to get to funding? awesome :)
trivae magnificent!  congratulations!
way to go girls!  it's going to be fun watching your project romp past your original funding goal!  here's hoping you can double that goal this time around.
congratulations svetlana!! that was fast!!! there are no limits!
congratulations!
