can't wait for the next set of dice.  soon!
sorry about that duc! we'll mail you a label.
received mine a few weeks ago but forgot to mention that the label that was affixed to the jar was half off and mangled. i really like the look of the label on the jar and was wondering if you had a file that i can just print from. thanks.
dice arrived today. thanks
@colin: yours shipped 1/22. i'll message you tracking in case you didn't get it.
hi feb 3rd no sign of the dice here in ascot, uk.
@richard: sorry for the mistake, and sorry we missed your e-mail! i'll message you & we'll fix it.
i have received my 5-pack. love them! however, i was sent a double of one type of dice, and was missing the wild card add-on. what is the process to get this corrected? i emailed, but haven't received a response, probably because of the chaos of trying to get all of the orders filled. :) thanks!
@janet whatmough: that's awesome! i like to roast them with potatoes and sweet potatoes. yum
just got mine.  great product, thank you for offering it!
just got mine.  great product, thank you for offering it!
thanks to you and the winter vegetable die, i now know i like parsnips!  =-)
@greg peel: it's normal that the tumblers are different sizes, since they're up-cycled wine bottles. all the tumblers we tried fit 13 dice, but you may have an outlier that is both on the narrow side and has a large punt (the indentation in the bottom). i'll message you.
yay i received my two tumblers! quick question the two tumblers are not the same size and the smaller one won't close all the way with the bonus dice  is this normal?
arrived safe to sweden! love it.
@ralf: yours shipped 1/7. i'll message you tracking.
i haven't received any shipping note yet (and no tumbler either). can you give me an update? thanks! :-)
got my foodie dice today. they are wonderful. thank you from germany!
thank you all for your nice comments :) @vanessa broomfield: yours shipped today, and you should have received tracking via e-mail.
will we receive shipping confirmation or tracking numbers for our january tumbler orders? this is part of a january 31st birthday present i'm hoping to get in time!
london here, product arrived and looks great. just in time to be a birthday present on the 21st. i'm sure it will be greatly appreciated. thank you and the greatest luck in the future.
i gave to my parents for christmas, and they have already used them to create a wonderful meal.  you delivered on time and with top quality.  i give you mad props and am very grateful.
just came back from my holydays to find my beautiful foddie dice waiting for me at home!!! cheers and thanks! (from buenos aires - argentina).
i just wanted to say that i gave these to lots of my friends for christmas, and they were a big hit.  they've also been very convenient for choosing dessert without having a fight with my daughter - she accepts what the dice rolled when she doesn't accept what i say.  thanks so much!
thank you!
@ marthakkert - january tumbler sets will start shipping next week and we hope to have all of them sent by the 17th at the latest.
when do the january tumbler sets ship?
just wanted to say - the dice i gave as a christmas gift were a big hit!  i've been playing with my set too.  =-) you guys have been one of the most responsive and on time kickstarters i've ever backed -  i not only got my original reward set but also the extra i ordered for giving after realizing how fun these are. you've really done a good job here.
my wife got hers today...she loved it! thank you!
awesome product, stand up ladies!  when my first tumbler failed to actually reach me despite tracking indicating status as delivered, another one was shipped right away and arrived in time for gift giving!  if you by chance have a snafu with your reward, know it will be made right. thank you.
just to note i never got an email about mine shipping. i checked my junk and still nothing. so some might still not get an email. then again people could just be pleasantly surprised like i was when i got the package :)
@heather: yup! you'll get an e-mail when they ship. a lot of backers at the beginning didn't, but we've got that kink worked out now. we'll also post an update to give you a better idea when your group will ship (january tumbler sets)
i am assuming that the december orders will ship first, followed by the january orders.  is there any way to check the status of the january orders at this time? will we receive a "your order has been shipped" email or such?  thanks!  glad you are all having fun with yours.  happy holidays!
@everyone: all of you are awesome!! thank you! :d @atheral: so fun to see what dinners people come up with - thanks for posting!
okay just thought i'd post my first successful dinner made via foodie dice. tonight's meal was a pan fried pork chop served over german potato pancakes with broccoli on the side. finished  with a saffron/lemon bescimel sauce. and it was delicious. you all have a great product here i'm glad i helped kickstart it.
got mine today and cannot wait to try the combinations that come up!  i need new food ideas and this will be perfect! thanks for a great product!!
i got my foodie dice today!  i love how they smell lightly of clove.  they should be wonderful for my gaming group for figuring out the next week's dinner.
dice were waiting for me when i got home!! only word i can say is awesome!!! these things are so cool. i can't wait to make a meal with these bad boys. it's time to make food fun again.
wooo! got a pleasant surprise when i got my dice in the mail today. just in time to use one for my holiday meals and one for a present. they look great can't wait to use them.
@ethan cantil-voorhees: it'll be january on those. i think/hope you'll find them worth the wait though! @jennifer b: awesome, it makes us really happy to hear that people like them, and thanks for your additional order!
i love mine so much i went on your website earlier today and ordered a tumbler set. :)
how are the january tumblers looking?  i have two that i'd love to get!
@matthew phillips: yours shipped yesterday, 12/13. i'll message you tracking.
just checking on my backer reward. i have plans to give a set to every extended family member and i have seen ship notification or tracking for my dice kits. please update.
@michele knox: yours shipped 12/6. sorry you didn't receive tracking - i will message it to you.
i have yet to receive shipping notification for my single in a tumbler, december 2013. thank you.
@leslie: they shipped 12/10, and were delivered this am. i'll message you the tracking # just in case.
i ordered the five set..any chance they will be arriving soon? need to ship one out as a gift to az and hope i can get it there for xmas...thanks.
got our tumblers!  terrific product, and i can't wait to see the look on my mom's face when she gets hers for xmas!
got my dice in the tumbler today :) i could not be happier!  we are excited to try them out this weekend!  thanks, liz and sarah!!
@jean-simon lavertu: yes, we'll start shipping january pouch rewards very soon.
any chance the bags will arrive earlier than the bottles? thanks
@everyone who posted that they got their dice: so glad you like them & thanks for taking the time to post! @jamie holyoake: although i'm trying to get more glasses sooner, chances of january glass set rewards arriving before january are slim :(  but, at worst, they will be on time. @john larson: done!
count me in as one of the people who didn't get emailed any tracking info.  i'm sure you're going nuts trying to field all the requests, but whenever you can forward it to me, that'd be awesome.  :)
hi, though i'm completely not expecting to get mine til january....is there any chance i may see it sooner? no dramas at all if not though......just so jealous ;-)
got my two tumbler sets last night. they are awesome!!!! i know my friends will love them for christmas!
received our foodie dice yesterday.  looks great.  i'm planning to give it to the family for a christmas gift.  will make dinner planning fun and possibly trying new things.  thanks!!!
so excited to have got mine today been rolling the dice to see some of the great combos
got my dice today,one for me and one a gift. thanks ladies!!
i haven't received anything yet either as far as tracking number. if it hasn't shipped feel free to just tell me to be patient. :) you guys are awesome.
my two sets with tumblers just arrived.  look great!
@tsara: yours shipped 12/6. i'll message your tracking # to you. a lot of people aren't receiving tracking info via e-mail :( we're figuring out why not and correcting it today.
i got my tumblers and dice today, and they look great.  looking forward to some creative dinners!
got mine friday, they look amazing!  my husband will love them!
if the tumbler sets shipped but we didn't get a tracking number, should i worry yet? :)
they look awesome! can't wait to give them to my wife for christmas.
mika, not mike - sorry :)
@mike ella: we agree, and we're sorry. i'll send you a new label. the old one will come off with some glass cleaner and elbow grease.
i got mine. looks awesome but i'm a bit disappointed that the label on the glass is skewed. maybe i'm being too anal, but that just takes away from the aesthetic presentation overall.
you guys are totally rocking the delivery of rewards. i wish all ks projects ran as smoothly as this one. haven't received mine yet, but i'm not gonna be a hater. :)
@greg mitchell: 5 tumbler dec group will ship early this week. we were set to ship last week, but weren't quite content with the packaging. with 5 glasses there's more risk of breakage, so we got some bigger bubble wrap to be safe.
any update on shipping for the 5 tumblers?
got mine today. very impressed with the quality and packaging.
i'm totally jealous. can't wait to get mine.
just got mine! so excited! really high quality and i hope they keep that woodsy smell because it smells excellent. thanks for the awesome campaign!
@hjfong: they will be shipped together
i'm very excited and eager for my sets to arrive. quick question: are mixed sets (two pouches and one tumbler) being sent all together or separately? thanks!
thanks!
@john larson: you'll get tracking info via e-mail. tumbler sets started shipping today starting with the singles. so, will be soon!
is there a way to get tracking information.  i'm getting jealous that everyone's getting theirs before me.  :)
got mine in! my fiance is going to love them! i cant wait to give them to her for christmas!
hope i get some hard maple to sweden. we got to much birch
got mine today. first roll: pan-fry, mustard greens, lamb, quinoa, dill, lemon, and cayenne for seasoning. sounds intriguing, honestly... but i guess that's what these dice are for! here's to many odd yet tasty recipes!
got mine today. i do know of a product called modpodge that will probably seal them up nicely.
@omar: some sets are hard maple and some are birch. all of yours are hard maple.
@two tumbleweeds: thanks for the suggestion.  what types of wood were used for the dice since different woods take on a different look when oiled or sealed.  my local wood-working store has as large collection of cast-offs and scraps so once i know the types it shouldn't be too hard to buy some samples and experiment with seals/oils.
@omar: we haven't experimented a lot yet with sealing the dice, though we did try a simple wax/oil wood conditioner and the result was a bit dingy. the next thing i would try would be a clear satin polyurethane sealer because i think it would maintain the contrast of the engraving the best. we'll keep you posted as we try other things, but my recommendation would be to test on a sample piece of wood first if you try anything else.
@brendan nelson-weiss: glad you like the dice! our sample pouches had plenty of extra room. our production order pouches varied a lot in size, which caused us to have to sort out the smaller ones in order to only send pouches that fit all the dice ordered. i'm sorry yours is tight, and we'll send you a new, bigger pouch.
@two tumbleweeds: that was quick.  my five-pack just arrived.  do you have any recommended oils for sealing the wood?  i'm worried they might accidentally soaking up liquids if i leave them near food i'm preparing.  though if they're oiled the laser etching might not show up as well.  hence wanting to check and see if it's already been tested.
received mine today. dice and pouch all look good(nice look and size on the dice). pretty satisfied though i wish the pouch had a tiny bit of spare space to handle bonus dice. will be giving as a gift tonight.
@teante: cool! it's interesting to me that liz & i go in such different directions from the same roll. @daniel lieber & all: so happy that you are happy! these past couple months have been challenging, but so worth it. to us, happy backers = success.
i received my dice today. they look great -- and i'm going to give the sets as holiday gifts. my wife and good friend are sure to be delighted! thank you for running a great campaign with meaningful and frequent updates and keeping in good communication with the backers. as a pretty experienced backer, i can tell you it is very much appreciated. thank you and happy holidays to all!
got mine http://www.dicecollector.com/mint37_two_tumbleweeds_foodie_dice.jpg
i'm really excited to start cooking with these dice!
on a separate but related note: i showed the dice to friends and they want me to bring them to the next cocktail party. they want to make a game out of them! who can come up with the best meal idea based on the roll!
once i get the chance to make, will do!
@ teantae: that sounds amazing! would you post a picture to facebook or instagram with #foodiedice? we'd love to see it!
they just arrived! absolutely beautiful set. plus of course my two stretch dice. first roll: - method: grill (i'll use my cast iron grill pan, too cold outside!) - meat: pork - grain/carb: pasta  - herb: oregano - bonus: bacon - fall veggie: arugula - spice: mustard - wc: fruit i know exactly how i'm going to do this too! grilled pork loin, seasoned with oregano. served over pasta with apples sautéed in a sweet and spicy mustard sauce. quickly tossed with arugula and cooked applewood smoked bacon before serving. :-) thank you so much!
@ac & francisco: great, so glad you like them! thanks for posting! @greg mitchell: remainder of december pouch sets are shipping this week. we received our glasses and corks end of last week. tumbler sets are being assembled now and will then start shipping. we'll post an update soon to be more specific.
when are the 5 packs in the wine bottles expected to ship?
got mind this couple days ago. liked it and can't believe earlier than i expected on shipping.
i received my early bird pouch today. thank you - i'm excited to start playing with my food!
@ nate: you've already filled it out, thanks! for anyone else who hasn't, there's a yellow alert bar at the top of the page when you're logged into kickstarter.
i can't find the link for the survey.
thanks tumbleweeds, first for a great product, and second for a speedy survey! (other kickstarters need to take note)  great job!
@ ryan: you can send us a message through kickstarter if there's something that you need to edit.
@ryan:  outside of the 10 minute edit window, you can't.  most project managers provide a preferred way (and timeframe) to contact them for edits.  hopefully, they chime in for you.
does anyone know how to edit a response after it has been submitted?
survey was a little complex, but clear enough. hopefully people will understand what they need to do. this is officially the earliest i have paid for a xmas present - don't let me down with that international shipping now :)
just responded to my survey. i'm excited about these dice even if i'm not getting mine til january.
should the free add-on dice for spending $50 be added to our total number of pledged dice on the survey? (ex. i pledged $62($30 double in a pouch + $32 for 8 add-ons)) so would my total number be 9 dice on the survey? i wasn't sure how those were being handled.
@ mike stein i'm sorry, but we can't offer that option because we're limited by the number of sets we'll have made by then.
@ alison groom we'll be offering the add-on dice as a set on our website in the near future. please go to www.foodiedice.com and submit your email address if you'd like to be notified when they're available.
is there any way i can add money to get an option with them by christmas?
i missed adding the extra money for 3 additional die.  is there any way to do that post campaign?  i'd love to have some of the add ons!
@david stone: we are creating surveys now. our add-on stretch goals make it a little tricky, so we are going to send out a survey to the early bird tiers first. that way we can test it out on a small sample and adjust for the rest of the backers if it is confusing on backers' end or our end. i don't think we can send any surveys out until amazon payment's 7 day window for fixing payments ends (which would be 11/8). if we send surveys out before then, the backers who are working on fixing their payments won't get them. so, to answer your question - surveys will go out soon, but we will update to be more specific.
when will we receive the post-campaign survey's?
i need to add international postage but can't find the "manage your pledge" option. happy to pay, but searching for a way. kenn
my additional pledge didn't stick, either. :-(
@steve southerland: thank you! unfortunately you can't purchase add-on dice via the survey; you can only select which ones you want if adjusted your pledge to include add-ons. we will have them available in the future on our website, but we are not sure when that will be yet. @scott laughlin: thank you!
what an amazing outcome.  great concept and product design execution.  congratulations.
can't wait to get our foodie dice, congratulations on a successful campaign. do i understand correctly that i may purchase the add-on dice via a post campaign survey?
@kevin chau: oh no! i will message you soon
for some reason my additional pledge didn't stick. is there any way to get extra dice during the survey? i wanted to get all 4 extra die on top of my $26 pledge.
@clint witty: yes, that is correct & i checked your pledge to make sure. we will ask which add-ons you want on our post-campaign kickstarter survey. thank you!
i think i did this right. i'm getting 1 set in a pouch for a friend as a christmas present and want 1 each of the extra add-on dice. i pledged $32 total at the $16 reward level. is that the correct way to do this? how will you know what dice i want to get?
@ erica birkman  @ sriram sorry, but the sets are being made as sets of 9 dice with the meat die already included, so we can't switch it out. thanks for your support and understanding!
same question as erica birkman -- we're vegetarian and don't want the meat die, can we get that substituted? thanks!  exciting project!
is there any way to exchange the meat die for the vegetarian die instead of having it as an add-on? i don't ever eat meat, so there's no reason for it at all.
excited especially about the free veggie die add on at $50 :) thanks and great idea
wow.... so we are in the last hours..... awesome
hi girls! excellent project and i'm happy to be a backer. just a quick question: being an international buyer, i backed the $30 – double in a pouch, and added $15 for shipping, plus another $5 for an extra add-on die. this all sums up $50, which means i get 2 dice, right? thanks again for a very cool product, i can't wait to get it rolling! (pun?)
this ks is a testament to the power of product design.  you came up with a simple, yet very useful twist on a classic implement -- the six-sided die -- and the result is resounding support.  i can't wait to start the cooking "game".
@maiah rutledge: sorry, we've simply reached our capacity for sets before christmas, but you can print out the card from the last update so that the recipient can see the gift that's on the way!
is it possible if extra is paid to get them by christmas or is it impossible thank you and love the idea of your product!
@ jonathan lacson yes, that's correct, and thank you!
just to put my mind at ease: $50 pledge with all add-on dice for both sets means: $50 pledge + 1 free + 7 x $4 ($28) = $78 total pledge?
a lot of games have their stretch goals as free add-ons because it doesn't cost them more to add it for everyone and because they want everyone to have the same experience. usually for the physical product kickstarters, the add-ons cost extra because every one increases the production and shipping costs
i've got to agree. most of the stretch goals i have seen are basically additional add ons. very few i've seen are free.
@john esh, i'd love to know what projects you're pledging because almost all of mine the add ons cost extra. usually the add ons range anywhere from $4-$30.
so, if i pledged $50 for two sets, i get extra die free, and if i want to get the full extra set for both sets, i need to pledge an extra $24? it's a little confusing. most kickstarters give their backers the add-ons for free. i mean, it's just extra engraved pieces of wood at 10k for each level. it can't cost that much more for you.
another stretch goal would be awesome!!!!
thanks for the answer. because of financial woes i can't purchase your product now (*hints at minimum pledge*).  i would be terribly sorry to miss out on them and i will come back for foodie dice, even if they might cost a little bit more after the campaign. i think even if you don't use them for cooking, they are a perfect decoration item for the kitchen and i'm sure other people who will see them at my place will ask where i got them.
@ pedasn we plan to continue to sell foodie dice after the campaign, but kickstarter is still the best deal. we wanted to reward our backers for helping us make this happen.
@ will p it is $16 for all 4 add-ons, unless you're at or above the $50 reward level, in which case you get one free and it's $13 (3 for $13). the add-ons are basically small custom runs so yes, they cost more. the core set of 9 works really well on it's own.
@ kathleen we're so glad everyone is excited about the stretch goals and wish we could do more, but we don't want to over-promise on anything we can't deliver. we're so grateful for all that we've accomplished here with the help of our backers!
i don't know if this has been asked/answered before? will you continue to sell foodie dice after this campaign ends? are you going to make this an established business or is it a one-time thing?
what is the additional amount to pledge for all the extra dice on one order. is it just 16? i saw someone mention something else
so i'm confused, it costs 16 dollars for nine dice and a bag, but you want another 16 for 4 more dice?
@two tumbleweeds i would like the beer and wine dice as well. i would definitely pay for those. maybe even ship them in a beer bottle tumbler?
with 4 more days left with 136k and the progression of price on stretch goals, i echo someone else's question... please can we have another stretch goal?
@ danny that applies to just one tumbler set. it would be an additional $16 for the other set. thanks!
i've just increased my pledge to $63.00 from $50 for the 4 added dices, will that apply to both tumbler sets or just one?
thanks walter ... that is interesting .. i have been very involved in the dice industry for the past 36 years ... and in general ... what was stated is true ... but these seem to be laser engraved ... which has the exact opposite effect ... the more you purchase ... the more they cost :(
and still 5 days to go!!!  this is sooo awesome!
so glad we get the wild card dice!!
> $400 in 5 days.... i feel safe saying, congratulation on meeting the stretch goals! so excited!!
@kevin they've answered this a few times. it's just a matter of they are being created in a smaller batch and are therefor more expensive. however, if you buy more they get less expensive on average per die.
hey tt people ... can you tell us why he price per die for the add on dice is so much more than the base set? ...
have really been thinking you ladies could really get this product into a few cook stores.  i have been to a place called charleston cooks and this product would fit in there nicely.  or a place like williams-sonoma. best of luck after the kickstarter and i certainly hope to see this in cook stores in different areas.
@karl endebrock: the beer & wine dice are not included in this kickstarter. we are making them for a backer as a custom set (the $150 reward). however, we have had a few inquiries about them. we are considering posting a poll to gauge interest. if enough people want them, we can get the price down and have it available after kickstarter (unfortunately it is too much to accomplish to offer them in this campaign).
i upped my pledge to $29 i'm trusting you i get to pick my 3 extra dice.
are the beer and wine dice included in this kickstarter?  if so do i change my pledge or will this be an add on later or offered on your site?
since i'm international and pays the 20$ fee and pushing over the 50$ limit for a free add-on dice. does it count or do i have to pay the 9$ for two dices?
@bill woodcock:  we were trying to simplify things with our chart, but recognize now that it is a bit confusing; liz & i talked about that last night. it isn’t that the price goes down to $3, but that the price on each die goes down: 1st paid add-on = $5  2 paid add-ons = $4.50 each ($9)  3 paid add-ons = $4.33 each ($13)  4 paid add-ons = $4 each ($16)
i believe i have now ordered three sets of the $26 pledges. is there a way to confirm this?
@brandon hoffman: click "manage your pledge," and leave the reward selection as is. change the dollar amount to $78 to get all 4 add-ons for both of your sets (1 free add-on + 7 add-ons @ $4 each). at the end of the campaign, we will send a survey that asks which add-ons you want.
@myndaalia yes, we'll be selling foodie dice after the campaign on our website, as well as creating an online community for sharing recipe ideas, tips, and foodie dice meals. but kickstarter is still the best deal--we wanted to make sure that everyone who helped us launch our idea got rewarded for their support!
@ bill woodcock to reiterate our answer from a previous comment, the add-on dice are being produced in special smaller runs, which makes them cost more. there's also a (large) added time factor to customizing each order. we had so many requests for more dice that we wanted to provide them as an option, even if they need to cost a bit more. thank you for your support.
will the original sets as well as the add-on dice be available for retail following the kickstarter? and where could they be purchased?
i just want to make sure that i'm understanding the stretch add-on price...  i have the $75 five sets, or 45 dice at a cost of $1.67 each.  if i want to add the three additional stretch dice to each of the five sets, am i really paying $4 each, or another $60?  note that the per-die price goes as follows, right now: up to 45 : $1.67 die #46 : free die #47 : $5 die #48 : $4 die #49 : $4 die #50 : $3 die #51 : $4 might want to re-think?
trying to figure out how to pledge for the add on die. is it just a higher dollar amount allows the selection of more die? i'm at 50 but 75 says i would get five sets. i only want two sets with the add ons :)
@ fenen good point. most boxes will be usps priority mail boxes, and the return address will most likely be two tumbleweeds, which shouldn't give away the surprise.
i didn't see this question when i checked through, but i feel like it'll be important. when it comes time for these to be shipped, will the packages be nondescript? it'll sort of ruin the surprise if the person they're intended for happened to be the one who answered the door for the package, and the box says 'foodie dice' on it!
i love to cook and this will bring a new twist to my kitchen.  thanks for such a great idea.  can't wait to start rolling!
@alingex nice to see you here too, man!
@teantae turner: yes, we do plan on having a place on our website set up for people to share their foodie dice creations!
just increased my pledge to get the spices/desserts/wild card dice.  certainly hope we can reach those stretch goals.  hope everyone continues to share this great product!
since i'm almost sure we'll reach the stretch goals of all the add-on dice - will there be more stretch goals after those?
i know i'm being lazy but i don't want to read through 142 previous posts: will there be a website where we can share pictures/recipes of our creations based on the dice results?
pledge updated to get the "spice" die. come on stretch goals! momma needs the "wild card" die too.
@ jamie curran that's correct. thanks!
if i want 2 sets of dice in a drawstring bag at the $30 level and then(hopefully) all 4 stretch goal dice for each set my total would be $62 correct? this is my first kickstarter pledge so i am a bit confused
my original pledge was for a single in a pouch but the more i see it the more i like the tumbler. will there be a option to add the tumbler at end of the campaign?
@ hanagur the first add-on die for one set is free. so if you have 2 sets and want all 4 add-ons for both sets, it would be 7 x $4 = $28
@ felix k. yes, that's correct.
@ robin graham that's almost correct. you get 1 free, so it would be $76.
@ kevin cook the add-on dice are being produced in special smaller runs, which makes them cost more. there's also an added time factor to customizing each order. we had so many requests for more dice that we wanted to provide them as an option, even if they need to cost a bit more.
also wondering how much we need to add on if we pledged for multiple sets and would like the add-on dice for both sets? (first add-on die is free, correct?....but is that first add on free for just one set or for both sets?)
ignore previous post. i saw the clarification update.
will we be able to choose which if the add on dice or do we just get the first one if we order one and first two if we order two. just wondering if add ons can be mix-match.
@ felix krause: 45 should be good. i've heard that sometimes somewhere amazon has a problem with currency conversion and needs an additional dollar. thats why i always 1 one dollar above the tier.
i selected 2 sets in the pouch and transfered $45 for shipping to europe...right...i think so. do i have to increase by $18 to get both add-on dice for booth sets(2*$9)? thanks
@kevin - probably because they will be printed in lesser quantities
i assume that if you're getting 5 sets and want all 4 add-on dice for each set that the pledge needs to be increased by $80 -- is that correct?
i do not mean to nitpick but ... why are the base dice $2.11 each ($16 / 9) ... but the add on dice are $4-$5 each? ... sorry if this sounds bad ... i was just curious why they are so much more
great idea! i'm hoping so bad for the wild card dice aswell! thanks
really curious about the next die!?
i cannot imagine how overwhelmed you two must be with the response, here.  as a backer, of course, i'm hoping foodie dice positively explodes.  making food fun, interesting, and accessible to all is brilliant, and your project appears to be well thought-out.  if you were to settle on exactly what other add-on dice would become available at each goal - and tell us - you might see an even greater response.  i only hope you want greater response... 'cuz i want more add-ons!  lol...
@claire nordlow: 13 total dice fit in both the glass tumbler and the muslin bag, so 4 add-on dice in addition to the standard set of 9.
how many bonus dice will fit into the glass tumbler or the muslin bag??
ok, thanks for the quick response!
@nakenya shumate: don't worry, we'll send out a survey through kickstarter after the campaign ends to collect the correct address. thanks for supporting us!
how do i add my shipping address? it only wanted billing address for my credit card, but i wanted this to go to my sister as a gift. how will you know what address to send it to. please, i can't have it go to the billing address, because no one lives at that address.
@ kevin cook please see previous responses for clarification. to receive the add-ons, you'll need to increase your pledge amount by the amounts shown in the previous comment. thanks!
@ rellie that's correct. thanks, and we're glad you're excited!
just upped my pledge by $20 - i hope that means i'll get 5 add on dice (plus my "free" one?)   i'm sooo excited!!!!  this is going to make my christmas gifts extra special!
hello! it looks like some clarification on stretch goals/add-on dice is needed. thanks @ danielle hall for fielding the question. to clarify further: • each add-on die is unlocked when a stretch goal is reached. this means that reaching that goal will allow us to produce a special run of another add-on die • to receive one or all of the add-ons, you must increase your pledge by these amounts: 1 for $5 / 2 for $9 / 3 for $13 / 4 or more for $4 each • you may mix and match whichever add-ons have been unlocked by the end of the campaign (i.e. 2 spice & 1 vegetarian) • if you have pledged $50 or more, you'll get 1 free bonus die per backer (not per set)  • we'll ask which ones you want in our post-campaign survey i hope that clears it up! we'll also post this in our faq, and you can read update #4 for the original explanation.
positive that the foodie dice are going to be a staple in my family's kitchen for years to come.  great idea!
@kevin cook i believe the add on stretch goal information is in update 4
@kevin cook i think they said that all the add on dice will be extra. $5 for the first add on dice and $4 for every extra dice after the first.  if you pledged $50 reward level or higher they were sending out one of the add on dice free.  the original set of 9 dice is what you are getting with each set unless you pledge more $ to get the add on dice.
as far as additional add-on suggestions, i like the idea of a sauce die and/or a wild card die with random ingredients like crème fraîche/greek yogurt, blue cheese, berries, etc.
if i ordered the $125 christmas special, but want to add on the spice die for each of the 5 sets do i need to add $$ to my pledge and, if so, how much, $16 or $20? (i'm super-excited about the spice die, btw.) thanks!  (fyi - i also posted this question under the update #5 post.)
restated : do all support levels that receive a set of foodie dice include each of the stretch goal dice? if not ... please tell us what needs to be done to guarantee that a full set is received ... thank you
i apologize if this has already been asked ... i looked and did not see this question so all support levels that receive a set of foodie dice ... include each of the stretch goal dice? if not ... please tell us what needs to be done to guarantee that a full set is received?
whoohoo! a spot opened up for the 2 tumbler for dec delivery so i was able to upgrade from my original 1!  my vote for future stretch goals are sauce die and then dessert die. when calculating the add ons, to i pay the add on price twice if i want it for both tumblers or do i get the die in both of them?
yeah i think a desert die, sauce die, and regional cuisine die all sound interesting, when doing the add on dice do we get to choose which one we want out of the die add on's or do we have to buy them all?
when do i add on the extra money for the bonus dice?
side dish, wine, or dessert would all be great dice options.
can add on 3 please please please be a dessert die?? i could make a complete meal start to finish then.
the add ons! stupid phone :/
100k and i've upped my pledge for te add
weighing in on add-on dice, in order of preference: -regional cuisine would be great (italian, greek, cajun, asian, mexican, indian, etc) -another "bonus ingredient" or "wild card" die! maybe with categories on it, like "fruit" or "cheese" rather than specifics. -spices -sauces
stopping in to add my thoughts on possible add-on dice. -fruit  -dessert -regional cuisine (such as italian, mexican, thai, etc).
thank you for international shipping :d some ideas for add-on dice. - a die with things like. crème fraîche, crushed tomatoes, sour cream or soy. if you want to make a semi-liquid dish. - sauce - lots of different sauces - spices - you got herbs, but how about a die with spices. like saffron, curry and nutmeg. - wild card - 6 ingredients that are seldom used in cooking and do not fit in another category. like mango, blue cheese or goat cheese
i absolutely love this kickstarter, and i'm so excited to get the dice and give them to my family members! for the add-ons, i would be most excited about: a sauce die (like, reduction, cream sauce, etc.), a spice die, and a style-of-cooking die.
i'd be on board for: - a dessert die, fairly generic like ice cream, cake, chocolate, etc...  - a spice die but not spice as in heat. spices like curry powder, cinnamon, szechuan peppercorn and things like that.  - a cuisine style die: asian, indian, caribbean, french, cajun/creole, etc... i know bbq isn't a cuisine but it is a style to itself.  - an experimental die or 2. food items that are not commonly available in the standard grocery store but are out there if you look. or just less common cooking ingredients. not everyone regularly used polenta/grits. how often does rabbit appear in a household menu? passionfruit anyone?
dessert die please!! :)
i have two ideas for bonus dice (i probably have a lot more than two, but let's start there). the first is region based. while it would probably be better as a d20, what if there were asian, latin american, middle eastern, caribbean (island), european (would really like to break out italian, french, and spanish, but there are only so many spots, right?), and maybe indian?  i'm sure there could be a lot of debate about which regions. the second i also saw mentioned elsewhere involving cooking style. some ideas for that one include: grill, stew, bake, sauté, fry, soup? i'm very excited about this and cannot wait to get my hands on them!  congrats on the first stretch goal!
on my earlier suggestion for a fruit die, i forgot that "lemon" is already on the "bonus die" so maybe apple, orange, plum, cranberry, pineapple, cherry would work better
like the vegetarian option, hope that can be an add on for the christmas order - this is such a fun idea!  glad your project is off to an awesome start.
first, as a cajun, i must respectfully point out that cajun is not a specific spice but type of cuisine which encompasses a wide range of dishes, some of which aren't •that• spicy. second, we're clearly missing a dessert die.
goal of $7,500? ha, that was easy. this will be great, me and my wife love cooking dinner together and are always having trouble on deciding what to make.
idea's for additional stretch die:  cooking style, such as stir fry, roast, steam, raw, ect spice, either specific spices such as cajan, 5 spice, tabasco or hot, medium, cold, firey, etc
awesome update! it's a shame i'm not vegetarian. i still might have to get that die though. my only suggestion would be a cheese die... but you'd end up having to make at least ten cheese dice.
please make an iphone app .) like a 150.000 stretch goal.
stretch goal 100k: vegetarian edition. no?
another one chiming in that a vegetarian/vegan option would be awesome.
thank you, thank you, thank you, yeah international!
@ chris hang in there. we're working on it, and yes, there's a very good chance!
just adding my vote for a vegetarian option! either way though, great idea! can't wait to play!
the vegetarian option seems enough for a second kickstarter campaign, which will fully unlock my money. :-)
i'm still holding out for a vegetarian option... plus international shipping seems really expensive, no?
@two tumbleweeds any chance of stretch goals of extra or add-on dice?
i'm in for an international tumbler.... and i don't need it before christmas. so if there is a list for voluntary delayed delivery, i volunteer.
very happy with the international shipping! personally i don't find the pledge list to be terrible complicated, but i'm coming from backing table top games with really weird reward tiers, so i may be used to it
great news, i am even the first international :)
i think it would be interesting with a fruit option. i'm not sure if it should be a single die (for example: apple, orange, plum, cranberry, lemon, cherry) or if it should be 4 seasonal fruit dice.
really like this idea. i hope there will be a vegetarian version in the future. as well as international shipping.
would also like to second a few comments from below as well. things like "kind of sauce", such as no sauce, wine sauce, roue sauce, tomato/potato cream sauce, soup, etc. also surprised there isn't a choice of whether to add cheese, and what kind! i love my cheeses! :-)
hi there, had this on my docket to pledge to, and then lost the email. so so happy i found the email again, in time. something i thought might be a nice addition (and perhaps something that you could add in stretch goals perhaps), are additional dice containing:  - instead of just "herbs", you could change it to "regional herbs". it'd allow you to have a die to specify and randomize regions of the world that use herbs and spices characteristic to those regions of the world. such as italian (like oregano), indian (like curry), mexican/spanish (like cumin), etc. which would also open an additional die where we could randomize which region die should be rolled with the meal in question. just my thoughts. wonderful idea, ladies! wonderful!
still crossing fingers for international shipping... want it, and want to offer it also. :)
count me in as wanting a vegetarian version!  thanks.
this will make a great housewarming gift opposed to a bottle of wine that gets opened at the party and you never see again. congrats liz and sarah!btw, no hurry before x-mas
congratulations on a great product idea. i'm hoping for both international delivery and a vegetarian option (as an extra dice? i don't mind having the meat dice too - non-veggie kids!). hope you can work something out.
@david higgins: thanks david!
no need to worry about delivering mine before x-mas, they are for my own enjoyment and kitchen experimentation really--i tend to be a patient fellow.  congratulations on your funding!
@shaun howe: thanks sister! and thanks for backing us!
@tracey saenz: we did consider 3d printing at one point, it is a great suggestion. ultimately, we didn't like the look enough to go with it but the technology and options are getting better.
@francisco rodriguez: yes, these should be available online next year, but of course that is on the back burner until all kickstarter orders are fulfilled.
congrats to my amazing sisters! job well done  :) luv, shaun
have you guys thought about using 3d printing to manufacture dice in the future? i like the wood dice, but 3d printing may offer you a flexible way to scale up. best of luck.
would love to see alternate dice to add to our sets... regional or gourmet choices, maybe a pescatarian die (different types of fish/seafood), one for sauces, etc.  would also love to see a whole alternate set just for salad ideas.  or soups.  or breads.
would be really neat to see add-ons as stretch goals -- a single drink die to couple with the foods (wine/beer/spirit/cocktail/?), dessert add-on die (cake/pie/ice cream/chocolate/fruit)
yes, this is great.
uhhh.... holy crap this thing expoded. i think it's safe to say any stretch goals you had planned, just got surpassed lol
i'm the 2,103rd backer! i love this idea! i second the option for a vegetarian option. i'm not a vegetarian but i pretty much eat like one and prefer vegetable-based meals and this would be a way of exploring that more. i got these for my wife for christmas so i hope they arrive in time!
would love it if you could bring out a uk version. i've backed as want to see you succeed and am hoping uk version will come along later
love the idea! currently backed at  $1 just to be able to post that i definitely would up my pledge to get a set of these if they included a vegetarian alternative to the meat dice.
2000th backer!
this project is awesome; backing this is a no-brainer.  one thing that would be awesome, maybe as a stretch goal, would be to offer a choice of the normal meat dice (as you have already listed), or a "veggie meat" / "veggie protein" dice option for people who are vegan or vegetarian.  could include things like tofu, tempeh, seitan, etc.  cant wait for this project to get off the ground!
this kickstarter is on fire! good luck! can't wait to see all the stretch goals! :d
i think perhaps a dessert die would be an awesome stretch goal. we don't drink, so cocktail wouldn't apply to us, but that could be an awesome stretch goal too.
i just have to say that a cocktail version of this idea has to be a no-brainer for your next project.  congrats on a great concept!  we're really looking forward to getting ours.
this is a cool idea. been wanting to cook, but have a hard time what to make. in the future, will i able to order online? something for next christmas or birthdays.
just made a pledge knowing that shipping is only available in the us currently, but hope that changes by the end of the project. canada isn't that far ;). such a great idea.
@pedasn & @jason smith: we are confident in our ability to deliver. we have put a lot of thought into this and done a lot of planning. delivery date is important for any campaign, but especially so in this case as so many pledges are intended for christmas gifts.
@kelli seta: teante turner is correct—the “double in a tumbler” reward does include 2 tumblers. every set of dice in every reward will have its own packaging (pouch or tumbler depending on the reward). sorry for the confusing reward title!
kicktraq says this thing is trending toward $414,170 right now ;)
what is the risk of not meeting the delivery date prior to christmas due to the quantity of orders? with 28 days left this could be alot of orders ; p  will the manufacturer be able to accomidate such a scope? thanks and congrats
i love the idea of this project! just wondering, what type of wood are you using? as someone else suggested, perhaps you could offer a stretch goal using various types of wood?
are there any plans to introduce stretch goals?  since you're currently at 775% funding with 28 days to go, it seems like you should be able to get some nice bulk discounts from your manufacturer / can introduce some stretches to make us want to up our pledges.
just upped my pledge to get a tumbler set and two pouch sets! this is such a cool idea and i keep having more people who it would be a great gift for. i think this has been mentioned but ideas for other dice: vegetarian/vegan (obviously), beer/wine/coffee/whiskey, desert/pastry, guilty pleasure food
such a cool idea.  being a practicing chef these will be a welcome addition to my kitchen arsenal .any chance in the future for vegetarian version ?  kudos on your venture .
a choice of vegetarian die would be soo nice!  keep up the good work.
@kelli from the pledge option: "2 sets of foodie dice in upcycled glass tumblers. one for you and one for a friend." so i take that as 2 tumblers.
thanks for considering international shipping.  i kinda advice the makers of this ks to really think through if they can keep their promise of shipping before christmas if the number of backers grows beyond a certain number...
wow - talk about serendipidity! i am the treasurer for penguin rep theatre located in stony point, ny. we have a play reading series called "play with your food". i can't wait to bring my new foodie dice pouch to our january board meeting. congrats on your campaign and i hope you'll be my guest to "play with your food" if you're ever in our area.
i liked this idea enough to donate for a pouch for my own kitchen, and i will feature your banner on my web comic site...good luck in making your goal
would love to see more seasonal dice...2-3 for each season! local seasonal could be interesting, too!
does the "double in a tumbler" include 2 tumblers? i was aiming to keep one for myself and give one as a gift. i wanted to make sure we both got tumblers
i cannot even believe how cool this product is!  i feel so virtuous that i bought 5 jars...way to help me start and finish my christmas shopping.  all my foodie friends are gonna love these dice.  now if i can just keep this awesome product under wraps, so as not to spoil my auh-mazing surprises.  great as a wedding shower gift!
a terrific idea! i've got shelves of cookbooks, but sometimes i just want to be more spontaneous, throw stuff together, and see how it turns out. a great gift idea, too, so i'm pledging for one set in a glass and two in bags...looking eagerly forward to these!
out of curiosity, could a stretch goal be a drink dice? there could be one for regular drinks, alcoholic, or even a mixture (a dice for the poison of choice and another with what to cut it with).  i'm not expecting stretch goals really - i backed the first day - but it would make me extra excited to see some added.  :)      thanks for the cool idea and attempting to make it a reality!
@heather curtin: yes, just up your pledge to $45, and i will add a note on your pledge to make sure we ship what you want/paid for. dessert dice is a good idea!
@bridget: just posted an faq as we have gotten several inquiries on a vegetarian set
@ms. gwyn: unfortunately we can't do a d8 or d10 on this campaign, but it is a good idea for the future. thanks for the suggestion!
ohh - can there be dessert dice as a stretch goal?
great idea.  i backed for two sets (in a bag), but would like to get 3.  is there a way to add a third set?
any chance of a vegan/vegetarian die as an add-on or to order separately? i'm getting a set for myself anyway, i'll just leave out the meat die and reroll the bonus if i hit bacon, but there's a couple people i'd love to gift these to if they were friendlier for non-carnivores.
i love this idea.  hubby and i are always looking for new ways to make food creative. :)  love the idea.  i'm in for 2 sets in a bag. :) love it.
omg this is such a wonderful project.  so glad it's funded. just getting off a diet and this will be fantastic to use with the family and kids to come up with new foods for the week. :)
fabulous idea, and beautiful packaging! i just ordered five sets!
would it be possible to offer a d8 or d10?
wow this thing took off!  congratulations!  when i backed last night it was around 60% now its over 125%! :)
@jeremy williams: hi jeremy. we do have fully customized dice available in the last reward. check it out. thanks for your support!
we've received many requests for international shipping. we're looking into it. please see the faq for up to date info on this question.
i have the same dilemma as victor: i can't post how cool these are to facebook or i'd spoil the great surprise of the gift. theses are so cool!
really glad to see this already funded!!!!!
nevermind, i just noticed that those specific die have a visual queue on them already. can't wait to get them! :d
i absolutely love this idea but i do have one suggestion. would it be possible to have the seasonal veg die to have a color representing that specific season. doing this would make it easier to remove the dice that aren't for the respective season without having to look at each die individually. just a friendly suggestion... :)
one for us and one for my chef brother-in-law.
this is a really nice idea, and i think it even if you wont use it on a regular basis it makes a very nice decoration. i'm from europe, and i understand that you guys don't like the hazzle of shipping overseas, so do you think that people abroad could order your product at a later point through an online-store or something? seems that this will be a very successfull kickstarter. you can tell that already?
thank you for the quick response! and i'm excited to hear that it will ship in time for the holidays. i bought one as a gift for one of my foodie friends and i know that she will love it! :)
oh, and you got my food wedge pledge :p
i love your idea.  my fiance and i aren't that adventurous with our pallets so i don't actually want a set, but i think i could spare $5 to help you guys out.  if you ever set it up to where you can customize what you want on your dice, send out an update and i'll 100% buy a set.  good luck!
@danielle hall: of course! just add it to your pledge and we'll make a note of it. thanks for backing us!
@vince laurent: i hadn't thought of that dilemma! thanks for backing us. we hope they love them :)
dilemma! i was able to snag an early bird tumbler but now i know i want a second one. any chance i can add the regular price of $26 to my pledge for a second one?
backed :) can't wait!
i hope these come to exist! my wife has 2 foodie friends who would love these! backed so i can get them as gifts!  but i can't post on my fb to back this cause i am friends with them  :-)
yes! these will ship in time for christmas. we plan to start production of the dice before the end of the campaign to ensure plenty of time, and then order the rest of our materials (which we know are in stock) once the funding comes through. thanks for backing us. we're happy you like it!
what a great gift idea! looking forward to seeing this project fund. quick question though, if the project funds, will these be mailed out in time for the holidays? :)
