i have received mine now, it looks really nice and works well :-) it would be perfect it we could adjust the logo etc. by programming the laser ;-)
i recieved mine today! they sent it very swiftly. took only 5 days to deliver to switzerland.
親愛的朋友, 如果您尚未收到您的odin 請您盡快與我聯繫 susan.chen@serafim-tech.com或 alan@serafim-tech.com  也請您在e-mail上註明您的收件地址, 郵遞區號, 國別, 姓名, 電話, 我會盡快為您寄上odin 到您的府上, 造成您的不便 敬請見諒!! 再次感謝您的幫忙與回覆! 謝謝!! serafim technologies inc.
dear backers, if you still have not received your odin , please do contact me via e-mail address: susan.chen@serafim-tech.com or alan@serafim-tech.com  please kindly also provide me your delivery address , post code, country, name , telephone, i will let you get your odin asap. sorry for any inconvenience this may cause to you. thank you for your action and help! best regards, susan&alan
amazing! inever received the product and i've sent the mail to notify this, but no answers? is the project some kind of jokes? am i fooled?
i have not got it yet???
i got it yesterday � to all don't give up and write to susan. it works - i did it in this way.
is there a firmware update for the odin?
they told me, that they will send out a new one for me, after many packages were lost on shipping. but i still didnt get my device. i believe nothing anymore. what kind of people are working there? maybe the whole project became too expensive and now they can not shipp it to every backer. so what can we expect ? more information, honesty, finally - devices for all backers !
現在都2016年2月8日了，我在台灣到現在都還沒收到我購買的2個奧丁
since i didn't get my odin until now i asked friendly for a refund given the email address below, but until now i didn't also get an answer. very annoying!
親愛的朋友, 如果您尚未收到您的odin 請您盡快與我聯繫 susan.chen@serafim-tech.com 也請您在e-mail上註明您的收件地址, 郵遞區號, 國別, 姓名, 電話, 我會盡快為您寄上odin 到您的府上, 造成您的不便 敬請見諒!! 再次感謝您的幫忙與回覆! 謝謝!! serafim technologies inc.
dear backers, if you still have not received your odin , please do contact me via e-mail address:susan.chen@serafim-tech.com please kindly also provide me your delivery address , post code, country, name , telephone, i will let you get your odin asap.  sorry for any inconvenience this may cause to you. thank you for your action and help! best regards,  susan
dear backer, if you still have problem with shipment,please send email to susan.chen@serafim-tech.com,susan will support you,thanks. br, serafim
i got mine a while back...and frankly i can't understand why i supported this project - i have nothing aginst the project or the creators... i am just having trouble understanding why i backed it when i have no intention to use this mouse...or how i would be interested in its application.
mine arrived in germany too. i paid also tnt a charge of 33.73€ for tax and processing fee.  odin is ok for desktop, but it could be more precise.
leonhard künzler: well, obviously tnt rolls some dice to determine, how much you have to pay. for me it was 8,73€ eust + 25€ "import abfertigung"
package received! especially appreciate susan, she helped me to resend the returned package, though not sure why it was returned at the first place. anyway, i finally got it today, and after i plugin, it works fine just like any other standard usb mouse, no need any special driver to install. easy and perfect!
anyone else had to pay 52,23€ to tnt? and why? (germany)
dear german backer, we send odin by tnt one week ago,you will receive soon,if you still have any problem,please send email to susan.chen@serafim-tech.com,she will help you to check your package,thanks. br, serafim
my odin arrived today. great work. thanks a lot.
my tnt shipment arrived yesterday. the odin mouse works fine and looks awesome, just in time for christmas :)
got a tracking note from tnt today, packages should be on their way
nothing arrived here, germany
do you have tracking info to germany this time? or do you have an approximate delivery date?
waiting in american samoa...
dear german backer: all odin is already shipping in few months before,but german post office  they don't shipping odin to your house.we will keep push german post office return all odin,because we already paid a lot of shipping cost. before german post office return all odin,we are going to shipping again in next week,thanks for your patient.
german backers: got the info from serafim that all packets werde lost. they will send them again. lets see, what will be the result.
if you still not receive odin please send email to sales@serafim-tech.com,we will check post office,thanks.
we are so sorry for some backer,especially german,we try over two month negotiation,but german post office don't care our product
because german post office don't do any action so we have to resend odin again,next time we will know can't use german post office anymore.
thanks hendra for your publish information
to german's backers: ich habe 'ne mail von serafim bekommen, trotz allen bemühungen von serafim, scheint so, dass die deutsche post und zoll den verbleib der pakete nicht wissen wollen, daher entschied serafim die ware nochmal zu senden.
to german's backers: ich habe gestern einen brief von deutsche post bekommen, weil ich ie sog. package investigation veranlasst habe. leider kann die post selbst nicht erklären wo das paket sich befinden :-(. den brief habe ich eingescannt und an serafim geschickt, so das ist der letzte stand meinerseits. @jens:  could u ask serafim regarding the tracking number, i have done it also, and please also ask them when they have delivered the item from taiwan, u will need this info in case u want to do investigation
how can i get a tracking-number? i never received a message about shipping my odin.
to germans's backer: falls ihr eine  trackingnummer bekommen, könnt ihr paket - nachverfolgung (package investigation) https://www.deutschepost.de/sendung/investigationinternational.html starten.....
to german's backer: serafim hat schon versucht das problem zu klären. die post hat gesagt dass das paket beim zoll ist, leider hat zoll gesagt, dass das paket bei der post ist. die beiden behörden wissen und arbeiten nicht miteinander. ich vermute mal.... wegen poststreik damals, alles irgendwie schiefgelaufen ... serafim hat mails an die beiden läden (post und zoll) geschickt, bisher hat serafim immer noch keine antwort bekommen ...
i've received the mine in france today .
same her (germany)
no news in germany.
nothing received in germany
waiting for it. germany
nothing received in germany
received odin a while back. still have to test it out.
nothing here. germany
to european's backer: who doesnt yet recieve the package? could u pls write here in comment and tell also the country ?? thanks
status for german's backers: ich habe feedback mail von serafim bekommen, deutsches zoll weiss leider nichts von dem paket (trotz tracking nummer) und weiss auch nicht warum die pakete nicht an den konsumenten ankommen. post sagt (habe damals schon telefoniert) dass mein paket noch beim zoll und zoll sagte, dass das paket noch bei deutsche post. serafim hat viel mühe hin und her zu fragen, aber immer noch kein ergebnis. die behörden arbeiten ab und zu mal nicht zusammen .... acho ich habe noch betont, dass anscheinend alle german's backer betroffend sind ... zusammengefasst .. das problem ist bei den behörden.... .
is someone in france has received the device ?
to german's backers: telefonate bei der post und dem zollamt hat keine erfolge (habe ausprobiert, die schieben hin und her die schuld). aber serafim hat mit dem frankfurt flughafen (wieder hier zollstelle) telefoniert. anscheinend gibt es hier unklarheiten bzgl. zertifizierung der ware. die dame von serafim hat die 'regel - konfrom' zertifikate an frankfurt flughafen geschickt. das ist der letzte stand (15.10.2015). wenn was neues gibt, werde ich euch berichten.
hi, since you did not reply to my last 2 emails. when will i get my device ? shipping was long time ago. so whats going on ? chris from germany
could you please let me know when i should expect to receive my odin mouse? i reside in the uk.
hm, last update and last message here more than 3 months ago. no shipmen yet.  do they still exist?
i have seen you started shipping since june, but not yet received anything till now in oct. i have also left messages, no reply yet ... what happened??
ii'm also a german backer. did not get anything so far neither serafim nor deutsche post.
german backers: i got a letter from deutsche post today after serafim filed a inquiery about the situation. they asked me to confirm that the package never got to me. i confirmed andwill wait for more now
i got mine months ago and i just have a pretty red pattern on a table. it does not work with mac, though they said it did in the kick-starter campaign, they have recently sent a new upload for 3-finger swiping. so what? can't down-load anything because i have a mac. kickstarter says be respectful and considerate, shouldn't the same be said for serafim? useless company, altogether.
dear german backers, no good news. got the following info from serafim: "you need to click international letters tracking service and you will see the result. you might need an invoice to do customs clearance." great. so i had a phone call with the custom control in frankfurt and .. there is nothing with the given number (neighter today nor at jul/15/2015).  as kickstarter isn't interested in helping backers with scam projects, i fear that we lost our money. ps: and again ... i asked serafim (without any useful response) to clarify this strange issue.
same with me..at least you got a standard response. i didn't even got that..really shameful for a project where they take your money and completely forget the backers..i am considering that my money has gone to charity
last reply from odin team on is more than 2 months ago. they got our money, we are not anymore relevant to them. sad, it's not the first project like this ... i already reported this to kickstarter, also no reply from them on this topic. i got a standard mail "a member of our community support team will get back to you within 1-2 business days". this was 10 days ago.
hmm.... it is stucked in german's custom .. i dont get mine yet also .. i assume .. it is problem either because of certification or because of the 'form' of odin --> it has form as 'transformer' and could be assumed as plagiarsm of transformer product.
got it in netherlands thanks
hello odin team, any reply to my questions? thanks.
... how can german customs work more than 2 month on a certain shipment? is there a problem?
@creator: any news for the german backers?
i finally got mine, came international/registered mail. i'm in la, california
i finally got my two.  i reside outside baltimore, maryland, usa.  it went through customs without issue.  i just had to sign for it.  luckily i was home because i did not get any tracking info.  now i just have to get a chance to play with them.....
dear german backers, i got the message from serafim (candice), that the custom inspection in frankfurt is working on it since jul/15/2015. in my opinion, this seems to be strange, cause i got no information about this activity from the custom office. i asked serafim again to clarify this issue. will report here again after having any news.
they responded back and said they were shipping mine. i will let you guys know when i get it.
richelle spafford: i received the same question within hours of my message. will report here again, when i get any news.
serafim contacted me and asked me to email them my backer name and email address i used so they can look up the order. not sure why i could not provide that in the kickstarter message, but i emailed.  i have not heard back yet.
still nothing here (germany, north-rhine-westphalia). contacted serafim about that - as richelle spafford suggested - and will report, if and what happens. will contact kickstarter too about that issue.
serafim contacted me this week, trying to figure out what happened. stay calm, they'll reach you soon
i received mine weeks ago, i am in the usa
update us please !
kickstarter support said they will try to contact the creator and suggested i continue to do the same. i will send another note to serafim. if you all could do the same i think we might get a response faster. thanks!
i contacted kickstarter support over the weekend. no response from them yet but it's possible they are trying to get ahold of the creator and will get in contact with me when they do. i told we just want some kind of an answer as to what is going on. when i hear back, i will post here.
come on!! cant wait any longer! update us !!
no signs of odin here
still waiting for my double pack as well (ct, usa)
still waiting mine (md, usa)
too bad i will not get my mouse, the customs has withheld them because they are not sufficiently eu compliant other supporters in germany got it apparently by customs, was just simply another customs office nevertheless, unfortunate
at what point do i contact kickstarter support?  i don't like being one of those whiny people that you see on the coolest cooler kickstarter page, but at the same time, none of my projects have gone this long without an update from the creator.  if there is something still being worked out, please let us know what it is, and i will continue to sit quietly and wait.
@robert, i had the same thought. @timw, a month?  sheesh. did you even get a tracking number at some point?
beginning to think some of us have been duped. lack of communication isn't helping matters.
picked up mine today at customs. (germany, for all german backers) shipping date was 13th july if this helpful for other people.
still no reply from you serafim!! come on!!
i would be ok with a wait if we had some communication on what the delay was. instead, we have silence.
still waiting here in minnesota, usa as well. seems excessively long. with no tracking numbers, is there a way to verify it was actually even sent?
haven't gotten it in indiana yet, sent an email to serafim on aug 8 and haven't gotten a response yet. it's ok though, i never liked that $56 anyway!
nothing here yet. and no response from the team about tracking number...  answer please?
still waiting for my double pack here in germany. no response from serafim.
i bought two just to be clear. i'm waiting on two.
have not gotten mine yet. still waiting.
hi, i got mine a few days ago (czech republic), first i have to have the odin connected via usb cable, which is "ok". but then after 30 minutes of usage i threw it away, its worse than a trackpad, i am a video editor/gamer and i cannot use odin for either of those activities, it is not precise, some movements need more time, scrolling is a pain, well on the other hand it looks cool, but looking cool is not enough unfortunately...
mine arrived and does not work with a mac. i sent an email and was told it does work with a mac. wrong! i sent another message at the end of july and never heard a thing. i am very disappointed and frustrated. i do wish someone would help me. now it would seem that i can't even post!
mine still not arrived, contact them, they said they will give tracking number but until now there is no reply whatsoever. i think they screw up somewhere in the shipping cause im not the only boat thats rocking and according to others, thier product seems rather ealry stages. quite disappointing with the service n promises. i do hope they put in some effort to remedy this situation. and i am still waiting for a reply!
if you haven't received your odin yet, i would advise attempting to contact them.  i just received an email a few days ago stating that they never got my survey, but when looking at kickstarter, it shows that i completed my survey and shows all my information.  so, serafirm might be having a problem here.  like i said, attempt to contact and verify.
i've been watching the mail to no avail.  no odin (attleboro, ma, usa)
mine arrived today (stuttgart-germany) but sadly it doesn't work. it projects the mouseoad but there is no input or reaction. it just starts tu pulse after a while. the software tells me it's connected. tried 3 clients, win7, 8 and 8.1
nothing here is israel. any chance of getting tracking info?
still nothing here in germany
my box arrived to customs 21.07.2015 only today i got a letter from post office. just wait a little bit more, people. minsk (republic of belarus)
still waiting for mine. either it got delivered and stolen, or got mistakenly sent back.  i need a tracking number to find out.
got the mouse, it's edgy, which is nice. but to use as an actual mouse to do any work, it's very painful. precision is an issue, just leaving my finger in 1 place, the mouse cursor bounces around. it really needs its own custom driver with acceleration. i have multi screen setup and to go from 1 screen to another takes multiple swipes. it's even worse when dragging an app window from 1 screen to another, it's almost useless. i hope that newer firmware and it's own driver will be made available as it's an interesting concept for a mouse. but rather than just make odin a novelty item, let's make it a viable workhorse as it will help people who have rsi from using too much mouse. this is actually the reason why i bought odin. my wife's thumb hurts from using too much mouse. she an accountant and spreadsheets is her life. lots of clicking in spreadsheet work.
wired projection mouse is useless especially its performance is not good. i suggest it would be wireless and will be more useful.
still nothing here in tennessee...
finally got mine...is there any way to increase the pointer speed?it's way too sluggish...
just received my odin, updated the firmware and tested it for 30 minutes. so far, i find the movement a bit sluggish and it feels more like i am using a mousepad on a notebook rather than a mouse on a desktop.it should be enough for normal use but if you are a gamer, i suggest you stick to your trusty mouse/trackball.
received and it works amazingly. great work!
still waiting for mine to arrive in malaysia...
received in hong kong. thanks!
@serafim, do you have an estimate, when odin will arrive in europe - in germany to be specific? have you already sent out all units, or do you send them out in waves?
received in california, looks amazing and works good, was going to be used on a laptop but trackpad has better response, fine movement is almost imposible only long swipes are comfortable, have to tap around the center for clicks to register... rubber feet are a must, get it to stay in a comfortable position easily because it slides with the usb cable tension. looking forward for firmware updates.
received in hk today! plug and play in windows 8.1. although not working as smooth as traditional mouse, it is so cool to have one! i am very pleased by the innovative product.
well received in hong kong. plug and play in win7 with no problem. but the tracker speed is way too slow.
thanks everyone support,serafim will keep optimization odin.
finally got mine delivered to hong kong today.  comes in a small package but looks good.  works great on win7 pc as promised.  it is not as direct and smooth as a mouse, but if one has been using a notebook, it is as good as the trackpad on the notebook, and it performs exactly the same way as the apple trackpad for my imac.  the single tap on the sensing area works like charm.  click and drag mode is fast and immediate, but the time to wait for it to turn off is a bit too long a wait (5s ?).  it needs some getting used to in terms of the orientation of one's hand when resting on the table because it is sensitive to certain directions of finger movement.  all in all, its a great innovative product and i am a very pleased backer.
香港還未收到
arrived today (italy). at the moment i've tested with win8 and it work properly. the usb cable is really to short, guys! for the rest it is a great project!
not yet receive (hong kong), please provide the tracking number
still waiting for mine. anybody in georgia got theirs yet? i live in lawrenceville, georgia and still haven't got mine yet.
i also received mine today (coffs harbour, australia) works as shown in videos yet to try all commands, thank you serafim
received mine today and works awesome! (melbourne, australia)....thanks serafim team!
recieved and works great!
香港這邊還未收到。
i just received it, pluged into a windows 10 build 10240 and work like a charm. thanks guys great work. if i have something to add for improvement:  - a metal case would be great : heavy so the odin doesn't move and doesn't appear as a cheap gadget.  - bigger zone, i don't have small figers  - green lazer, because it's so much cooler with green :)
我是香港的,還未收到。
helpful note : if you want the micro usb cord to be longer, i recently bought this : http://www.amazon.com/micro-charge-techoland-enhance-experience/dp/b00w1vc32o/ref=sr_1_12…   swap this cord out for the one that it came with and surprisingly it works like a charm!
received mine in nj on friday. packaging and the actual product looks great.  have much of the same feedback as others it works but the mouse skips on the screen at times for no reason. it moves along smoothly then becomes slow/barely responsive. hard to hit buttons on screen because it skips which can make it unuseable. no mac software to program the programmable button. with some updates and tweaks this can be a cool product. looking forward to the future of this product, has some truly great potential.
已更新收件地址好久囉，仍然還沒收到，台中比較久嗎？
got it yesterday, thursday. i'm in louisiana. cool but definitely not a replacement for the traditional mouse. the hot key feature comes with the software seems useful though. will update after trying it.
mine actually showed tuesday, but i wasn't around to sign for it. now i'm waiting for redelivery.  us here, nevada specifically.
also for the people looking for the software driver :  http://www.serafim-tech.com/odin/software-download.html
the usb cord that came with the odin is too short.  i need at least 10ft to make it doable for me.  p.s.:  usb extension cords don't work with the odin fyi.
@john, i didn't notice the eye flash!  i'm excited to check that out!
請問台北市什麼時候會收到
works pretty well! i had to crank my sensitivity all the way up though. i'm hoping some updates will be coming in the next couple months because they are needed, i've been having a lot of issues with the sensor picking up my other fingers, but for the first run the odin is alright. like allison said, it is definitely not a replacement for a regular mouse, but it is unique. i love that the eyes flash depending on your click, cool feature!
received mine today in the us.  works about as expected.  i don't see it replacing my mouse (or even my trackpad?) but i'll still enjoy it!
just received mine today and i live in utah to give others an idea of how long it might take for theirs. super excited to see what this can do. will report back again later after spending some time with it.
anyone able to find the software for this be nice to program the middle button, also mouse works 50% of the  time and will randomly just go to a slow movement would like to here something from the makers please
very disappointed. used mine for the first time today. lasted all of 60 seconds before i pulled it out and went back to my regular mouse. feedback is slow, fine control is next to useless.
i got mine today, however, i have try to use it with 3 different laptops and all of them give me the same message "windows does not recognized it". i have try many time to unplug it and plug it to try and fix it but it hasn't work. any ideas as what can be causing or way to fix it?
got mine in the uk yesterday. excellent quality, lovely packaging, but there are a few problems i hope a firmware upgrade will fix? 1) pointer moves very slowly even when i've set it to the fastest setting in windows control panel. i have 2 monitors so that's a lot of swiping to move right across my desktop. 2) fine control is pretty poor, not so good for graphic design, drawing, etc. 3) sometimes a single tap is accepted, other times i have to double tap. 4) pinch zoom in works okay but zoom out takes lots of attempts. 5) back/forward gestures don't work at all. the only time something happens is using internet explorer it jumps to the previous tab. but it won't do anything more than that (which is the wrong action anyway) 6) can the virtual pad be made larger? twice as big? 7) can the laser brightness be dimmed a little, permanently. being super bright looks cool but gets distracting in a lit room with no daylight. 8) can the buttons be moved to the front of the virtual pad instead of the back?
wish there was a way for me to check on my shipment, but it shouldn't be too long since people in the us are starting to get them.
just got mine through in the uk today, looks good so far, thanks!
hey there, i didn't receive a shipping confirmation? should i receive one? i also didn't receive the mouse!
received my mouse today, very nice packaging!  top notch quality of the product. opened the package and included a micro usb plug. plugged it into my usb dock, the mouse was projecting the square with a triangle and two smaller boxes on top.  very easily readable on my dark table top. i was very impressed at how easily it was to master, it's rather straight forward. it shows the amount of engineering that went into this piece. a job well done!
我是香港的, 請問幾時會收到?
how do i know when mine has shipped? thanks! canada toronto..
i received my odin today by us postal service, in florida, usa.  beautiful packaging.  much attention to detail.  the english documentation is very good.  i am using it with linux.  it "just works" as a mouse.  will i be able to use the special triangle?
how do i know when mine has shipped? thanks!
香港還未收到.
still haven't gotten mine yet and no tracking info
how would i check one my order
sorry,i didn't recieve my odin. could you help me to check what happened?
update 3:  ok so i figured out how to double click.  hope this helps people.  what it takes is 3 clicks on the 'pad.'  this is how i've been able to double left click.  hope that helps. tl:dr : 2 clicks on 'pad' = left click, 3 clicks on 'pad' = double left click.
update 2 : *sigh* ok so double clicking on the 'pad' for a left click works but sometimes a single click works.  man this got confusing...
update: my bad, i was clicking the 'pad' wrong for a left click.  you have to double tap the 'pad' to make the left click register.  that being said all the other questions i have below still need answers.
just got my odin and i have a few concerns.  1)the mouse sensitivity is really low.  anyway to fix that?  2)  my left clicks aren't working 100% of the time.  this is for both the 'pad' and the 'left click button.'  any suggestions on what i'm doing wrong or can this be fixed with a software update?  3)  doing double clicks, for example maximizing a youtube video, is hard work (or sometimes impossible) in order to get it right.  any chance of adding a gesture to put 2 fingers on the left click button to gesture a double click?  4)  i can't find the odin software on your site, can you give us the link please? please keep on working hard!  don't let this stop you from making the best projection mouse in the world!
@creator got my odin today! a couple issues... one, the response seems quite slow; much slower than my laptop's built-in trackpad. two, i think the first issue might be solved by the odin software, but it doesn't seem to actually exist anywhere. i've looked all over serafim-tech.com and can't seem to find it. help? @ben never got a shipping notification but the postmark indicates shipping took 8 days to the us west coast.
hi, how long should it take to arrive to the states if it was shipped on june 29? haven't seen any tracking # neither.
桃園市中壢區還未收到....................................
台中仍未收到............
新北市中和還沒收到~ 是正常的嗎 @@?
我還沒收到= =
我是可以用，但是有點不順。 特別是要拖曳時，或是要反白複製的手勢非常不順，如果可以開放自定手勢會更好
@哈達偉 是滴~因為裝的應該是原生驅動所以連otg到手機都可以用 完全不用點任何東西...
@lim xiang yann 請問是插入usb後就能滑動嗎？還是有其他作動?
@哈達偉 我的能用誒~ @jamesmis 我在淡水，然後安裝的是系統自帶的驅動，hwid為usb\vid_10c4&pid_89f3&rev_0001
這邊是新北市新莊區， 插入usb後會自行搜尋驅動。但完成確定安裝後仍無法使用，想問一下其他朋友是否有成功操作的案例.......
有沒有可能需要安裝驅動程式 我還沒收到 請問 您是住哪邊  我這邊是桃園市中壢區
請問已收到的朋友，是否有相同無法操作的狀況?
收到了，插入電腦，win7/8都無法使用，只有投射無法操控，請問是什麼問題?
how can i check the status of the current cargo to? is there a shipper number for inquiries thank you, i wish you a happy one day
我收到了,正在試用中
i received my odin, going to try it later~ dundundun
will you forward us the tracking numbers?
wahoo!  can't wait to try this thing out! knowing my luck, customs will keep it held up till the end of july. but i live in hope.
久等了！今天開始出貨，這幾天請留意收件 出貨消息請見最新公告，感謝各位！ https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/639589487/odin-worlds-first-projection-mouse/posts/1278774
sorry guys for the wait. we begin shipping today! please refer to the latest update for details: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/639589487/odin-worlds-first-projection-mouse/posts/1278774
waiting for the product or track number as well.
any shipping update? i'm a backer in the us
什麼時候才能收到產品 ？ 現在已經6月26仍然尚未收到產品，沒有任何的訊息通知與回信，若仍然無回應，請將退還支援。
end of june here and first week will be there in 2 days... where is the update? how are you shipping , can you provide the tracking numbers or where to check the shipping ?  if you go silent at the very critical moment and do not update at least 2 lines of update mean that you are not respecting the backers who made this possible... please update.
when should i get the product???? no update, no news, email no reply. please respect your supporter. else please refund all.
不是說六月可以收到，現在已經6/26了 請問目前是否已經出貨了?
商品何時出貨呢，台灣未收到資訊！
this is end week of june! sill no update on shipping! please update us!
when can i have the products? still now ship??
when can we get our products? i'm going overseas in july, it's a bit hurry now...
是啊中国地区怎么还没到货啊
will ship yet!? because i june more than just login details , thanks
awesome news. although i probably won't get it till mid july knowing how long u.s. customs can take sometimes.
@creator awesome! looking forward to it :)
thank you guys so much and sorry to keep you waiting! we'll ship odin to you end of june, so hopefully you'll receive it first week of july!
yes , as per the plan it should be june or is there any update on eta ?
i know your probably super busy, but could we have either a confirmation that delivery will be in june or a more specific shipping date? either way super excited and can't wait for my odin! thanks.
您好~ 請問有辦法查詢訂單了嗎? 好想趕快拿到呀>_<
i'm so excited, need this asap :d
@creator, will the product have all security certifcates? such fcc, ce, rohs?? due to custom's clearance .. thanks
i can't wait to get them! could you post an update with a better estimate of a ship date?
using my usa address. not taking chances with this one.
hope you can mark the shipment as gift, else the backers will have to pay custom charges while receiving the shipment. thought should mention this as i have personally faced this issue in some of the previous backings!!
it will be change the world.  on the phone, on the panel, on the table, on the road, on the air, on the world. go go go.!!
awesome, i think that's the fastest i've seen the backer survey released. looking forward to getting my hands on this little gem.
well done team odin! i hope this provides a more comfortable mousing experience, i've tried dozens of mice over the years to ease the pain of cts and rsi. it does look like a head from transformers in the 80's but that's just another reason why i'm excited about odin, even if it's purely coincidental. :-)
and survey filled :)
perfect! do you have any model with blutooth and rechargeable?
fuuuuuunnnnnnddddddeeeeeeddddd!!!!
so when and where can we start giving our address and when will the item be send ?
please add bluetooth support and an internal battery. the unit looks quite portable and would be perfect to use with android tablets in business meetings.
how to pledge 3 odin?
@jim l: it is not megatron, it is odin! lol ... they are brother but have different moms and dads :-d :-d:-d
glad we made the stretch goal, but a bit underwhelmed. i was thinking it would look more like the zano carrying case/pouch. will you accept suggestions for the case?
@ jim l: thank you for the support! hope you like odin!
i backed because the head looked like megatron from transformers in the 80's lol. no really, chuck from the creator of lace anchors 2.0 and clingies pointed me here to your project. i am interested to see how this works! i have used laser projected keyboards like 5 years ago and i did not like them at all.
@ hendra: @ jacob w: thank you so much!!!
stretch goooooaaaaaallll!
1st stretch goaaaallllllllll!!!!! congrat!!!!!!!
@teak and serafim thanks for clarifying that. i'm used to the windows defaults. :d
@ vidya : teak is right. it's mac's default. no worries if you're using other os.
@ teak topham: thanks so much for your comments! we'll contact them for possible collaboration.
@vidya i think that depends on the os. they were using a mac which by default has the scrolling set to the opposite of what you find on windows.
@serafim great scrolling video! but (and please correct me if i'm wrong) - it looks like you have to hold your fingers at the bottom or pull down to scroll up, and vice versa to scroll down. or did i not see that correctly? it seems like it would be more intuitive to have it the other way around (as on a regular mouse - pulling down on the scroll wheel scrolls down, and pushing up on it scrolls up).
actually, regarding my previous comment. i wonder if you could partner with the creator of this app to offer better scrolling on os x: http://www.marcmoini.com/sx_en.html
im curious about scrolling. im a huge fan of the smooth scrolling and momentum on most mac trackpads. i wonder if something like that could be emulated, at least under os x?
@ jerry j. wilson: thanks so much! we'll keep on working to make odin even better.
@serafim  thanks for your honesty.  you still have my pledge :).
@ necdet yücel: currently, odin supports cursor movement and left and right clicks on linux.
@ jerry j. wilson: thanks for your support first off! as much as we'd love to, we're afraid we're not going to get that video because odin is not really designed to be a gaming mouse. it can no doubt be used for gaming, but it's not a specialized gaming mouse or mmo mouse after all. for shortcuts, that's possible that we incorporate these shortcuts in the projection pattern in the future. thanks for the good idea!
what about linux support?
@ nicholas @ vidya: thank you very much for the comments! good news. you can define the application button to work just like what you described. actually, there's more to it. you can set it to work as a shortcut to a particular app on weekends for example, and set it to be a laser alarm to serve as a reminder on workdays. just to name a few applications.
@ lulin: they're both odins. one for early bird like you, the other for regular buyer. but both are a bargain because the market price will only be higher. again, thank you for the support!
thank you guys for the questions. we'll get back to you tomorrow.
@serafim  great product so far but i have 2 questions : 1.  could we get a video focusing just on the gaming aspect?  the short video you provided made counter strike seem a little unplayable and i would love to be proven wrong about that. 2.  is there plans for future models to have more shortcut buttons projected on the side?  for example, i have an mmo mouse and i use a lot of those buttons.  having shortcut buttons on the side (just like your triangle button in the middle) would be fantastic.  heck, this would make you the worlds first mmo projection mouse! i hope to hear from you soon.  keep up the great work!
thanks! i think this will still work better than a traditional mouse for me. also, i'd be interested in the answer to nicolas's question as well. i do a lot of click and drag. :)
great job so far, the mouse is looking great! as an office-based user one of the main uses i have for this would be creating microsoft powerpoint presentations. as we all know there is a lot of clicking and staging to move or resize objects on the screen. i saw you have click and drag functionality but it looks a little cumbersome since i need to click the left mouse button and drag my finger to the touchpad area before then resizing a shape. would it be possible to program the user-defined button to mimic holding down the left button on a mouse? this would allow me to click the user-defined button, lift my finger and move it to the touchpad area to resize/move an object. once finished i could then lift my finger again and press the user-defined button to "un-click" the left mouse button. i know this probably seems like an esoteric problem but i am sure it would be a concern for many office-based users of your product due to frequent microsoft powerpoint use.
@vldya: thank you for the compliment! for the sensing technology at this stage, we recommend odin still be used on a flat surface.
this looks great! i might be alone in this, but i kind of like the transformers look of it. but, i'm more interested in the functionality than the look, so i wouldn't balk at a sleeker version, either. :) this might be a more unusual use-case, but can the odin work on a softer surface (assuming it can still stand up straight)? i use my laptop often in bed, and while it has a touchpad, it's never worked perfectly (stilted, lagging movement sometimes), so i prefer to use a mouse. however, i've often had trouble keeping the mouse and mousepad flat and moving properly. i'm hoping the projection version can ignore minimal movement from the covers and still function well.
what's the difference of the $49 and $56 ?
@ jacob w: thank you so much for the support jacob! you're awesome.
come on guys! lets make it to $100,000!!!! we are so close!!
@ robert mcguire: thank you robert for the support! that's a great addiction i guess.
this is becoming an addiction, i see a cool new project and back it.  the time hits zero and it's backed then a new awesome project comes along. i think i need help. till then, i'm backing this project. awesome idea!
like the idea of color options, but the green and red is too reminiscent of christmas for me to have around all year.  went with black in the survey. like the idea of another laser color as well as wireless operation.  i know, most likely in odin v2.  just putting it out there again.
@ wenqingdelv: 我們還會提供另外白色usb給銀（白）色及綠色的odin，謝謝！
请问对于不同颜色的鼠标，背后的连接线分别是什么颜色？不喜欢白色鼠标和绿色鼠标配黑色连接线，谢谢
@ timothy lose: thank you so much for your support! that's a great encouragement to us. much obliged!
thanks for the answer on the blue laser, i would easily back at the $100 range and be willing to wait for the iteration if you were to come up with something like that, or if there was enough desire for it, if not i am still happy at the early backer level. can't wait for the odin!
@ ecogrl: probably not a stretch goal but will be the next-generation odin. most of our efforts have been put forth to the improvement of the current version.
@ ben h.: odin is accurate and should be fast enough for you. have you watched our odin-in-use video? https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/639589487/odin-worlds-first-projection-mouse/posts/1163280
would it be possible to make bluetooth connectivity a stretch goal?
@ amite: yes!
does odin allow for full mouse functionality, such as click and drag?
@ zazer lin: no worries. we'll ask you to choose color through backkit when the campaign is over. thank you!
it's a cool project! i'm glad to be the first large pack backer. however, how do i choice color?
@ chun kuang optics corp: thank you so much for the kind compliment!
@ john: odin supports left handed setting from the control panel. gladly a member on our team is left-handed and he enjoys using odin.
wonderful, this innovative odin will be taiwan's pride in the future !! really want to get them as soon as possible !!
@ 'david hudgins: we do not suggest you open odin because many parts in it are positioned precisely. we're afraid we do not provide the diagram.
@serafim will it be possible to customize the left/right clicks? for example; i currently use a left handed mouse with the left and right click reversed (i know, that probably makes no sense, logically). would there be any way to alter that in a settings box? i wouldn't be surprised if it hadn't even crossed your mind, considering i'm sure i'm a big minority.
@ timothy lose: thank you for the suggestion, but the cost for blue laser version will be high because it was not in our plan. currently we do not have similar plans.
@ michael lionel smith: odin works well in a well-lit room please refer to the video https://d2pq0u4uni88oo.cloudfront.net/assets/003/428/386/8e36d1f05dbe9cabe90712d344cb166f_h264_high.mp4 thank you!
how does odin perform in bright light areas regarding projection and response when using the mouse?
i'm in for 1. would it be possible for you guys to come up with a version with a blue projection light instead of red? i would pay any amount for a blue laser to match my blue leds in my computer.
can you provide external diagram of device with usb/screw placement/positions? i've got a cnc and would like to 1) mill a clean line minimalistic case that replaces the existing external housing and  2) mill a weapon mountable rail brace/bracket that the device can be inserted into for charging/storage along with provide a localized interface to the weapon system.
@ meng tsai: thanks so much for the kind comment!
oh i see ! thank you guys so much for the help ! appreciate it ! you guys have a great service !
@ meng tsai: it's a frequently asked question, but no worries. how do i give you my address?（怎麼給你們收件地址？） not so early! we'll ask you to provide your address through backkit when the campaign is over. （我們會在專案結束後統一透過backkit確認選色與配色，請放心！）
@ ben h.: let us get back to you soon.
@ negativex: odin is the first laser projection mouse with an exact clear sensing area that enables its users to know where the work area is.
@ 黃昱銓: 預定發售時間2015年6月，謝謝！
anyone know how come it didnt ask my shipping address ? i already paid
these guys beat you to the punch as to the worlds first laser projection mouse... http://celluon.com/products_em_overview.php how is your product any different?
how accurate and fast can you move the cursor? i use a three monitor setup and have one of the logitech multitouch pads for gestures, but its not sensitive enough so it takes multiple swipes to go between screens which sort of ruins using it over a mouse. if it could be used for gaming and easier browsing with gestures it would be pretty cool if its super faster and accurate.
請問有預定的發售日期了嗎?
@ trost: we do not rule out the possibility of launching a metal version. just that the cost will be higher. we're still observing how the market as a whole perceives odin. if there's high demand for that, we'll go for it. thank you.
@trost: let us get back to you soon. @ecogrl: your suggestion has been noted. thank you very much! @hendra: no worries. thanks for your valuable opinion!
ooppss sorry for starting discussion with aluminium metal --option :-d
maybe some stretch goals could be a metal, sleeker version, or bluetooth.  i think both would be very attractive changes/modifications.
hi guys, do you plan to have a version in metal instead of plastic ?
@ d.a.: thank you so much indeed! the cord is 90cm long so supposedly it's long enough.
@ hendra: thanks hendra for your kind suggestion. at first we tried something along the line of what you said but it was not satisfactory. your great idea is noted and we're discussing about it. perhaps that's just how odin 2 will look like.
hello serafim, just would like to know how long the cable would be? would it be enough for me to connect it to my computer on the floor on the left side, then use the mouse on the right side of my table? big applause for the awesome stuff!
@serafim, just idea for the form .... just a simple 'aluminium-polish-shiny' small box :-) no engraving at all or just engraved odin on the front and back side ...
@serafim, @ david .. well i'm not the only one who thinks...about 'transformer' ..:-d :-d why just only a small box with 3 holes and without any engraving at above, side and below and behind.. just a simple small box form :-)))
@ 'david hudgins: thank you for the suggestion. odin's functionality led to its appearance today. we've tried a few different designs, still seeking a breakthrough for variety. that is also part of the reason why we're here to crowdfund, for more possibilities.
regarding the design- i was considering the 10x odin backer option for my office space but decided to go with only one due to the case design. if you can produce this product using a clean lined outer shell in white/black and or silver to match the macbook pros, you would get more supporters and my order as well. it looks too much like a transformer gimmick toy vs a professional tool.
regarding the design- i was considering the 10x odin backer option for my office space but decided to go with only one due to the case design. if you can produce this product using a clean lined outer shell in white/black and or silver to match the macbook pros, you would get more supporters and my order as well. it looks too much like a transformer gimmick toy vs a professional tool.
@ hendra: yes it works well on glass.
@creator will odin work on the glas transparent desk?
@ ricardo carrillo: thank you very much for the constructive suggestion and support!
@serafim i think it would be awesome for odin to be bluetooth 4.0 so that we can connect with our devices even better. also if we could see how the clicking on left and right with with a game that needs the trackpad as movement while clicking to shoot. i've backed this project and can't wait to get mine!
@serafim i think it would be awesome for odin to be bluetooth 4.0 so that we can connect with our devices even better. also if we could see how the clicking on left and right with with a game that needs the trackpad as movement while clicking to shoot. i've backed this project and can't wait to get mine!
@serafim: no, that is not it. thanks though.
@ jacob w: thank you for the suggestion. maybe we have included what you're look for in our first update. check it out: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/639589487/odin-worlds-first-projection-mouse/posts/1163280
@serafim: sorry, the name for what  i said is actually "natural mouse maneuvering." this is when, to scroll down, you swipe your fingers down on the track pad. to go up you swipe your fingers up. does odin have this?
@serafim: can you do australian mouse maneuvering? that would make odin even better!
@ hendra: yes! thank you bakers!
100% already funded :-d
@ emin chou: thank you so much for your great support!
the idea is cool and innovative. i've backed this project.
can you do "australian mouse" maneuvering? that would make this even better!
@ ku tzu mi: thanks! let us know how he thinks when he gets it.
very cool and should be a nice gift for my boyfriend!
@ ada chen: thank you very much for your positive comment!
good job, it's cool idea and look forward to receiving mine odin.
@ grace: thank you so much for the comment. it's of great encouragement to us!
very interesting.i can't wait to get
@ vitohuang: i mean support. thanks!
@ vitohuang: thank you very much for your idea and good idea.
@ chi-jie lu: definitely. much obliged to your support!
it is a cool mouse and easy to use. can't wait to have this one.
@ ecogrl: there's a new video coming up in a few days. we're also thinking about telling the story of how odin's development led to its current appearance. since it's an ongoing project, let's focus on the cool technology for now. if we could scale up, there are definitely more possibilities for odin's look. thank you for your support!
nice idea. what i think is large projection screen can be next to replace current ir touch screen for cost effective idea.
would also like to see a video that shows the full functionality with left and right clicking.  also, a less transformer- like design would be preferred.
@ stay: thank you very much for your support! much obliged!
this is an great idea, simple but works. i can image its extending and potential application on mobile devices or home applicants.
@yu-jen chen 感謝您的支持，我們會繼續努力
實在太可惜了，不是無線的，這點很滅火。(不過我還是backed 2個  xddd)
@1 thank you for the comment. please allow us to get back to you later.
@meng-feng lin 1.會有中文說明書 2.有左右鍵功能 yes the manual will be available in mandarin. and yes, you can right click with odin. thank you.
i have backed this project and i really look forward to get this. will i get a mandarin manual along with odin? i wonder whether it has the right click function or not? thx
hi guys i've backed this project and just saw the update, can you provide demos of normal function demonstating speed and accuracy that matches an ordinary mouse. like rob below, i too am unconvinced. showing the screen scrolling and zooming is not enough to win backers. good luck with the campaign.
@rob any suggestion for us to improve? if you'd like to share with us.
@rob thanks anyway!
unfortunately i'm not convinced. good luck with the project.
@colus13 thank you for the comment! we've noted your opinion.
@rob please take a look at our update #1. hopefully we've answered you by the videos.
@ng, wai shing 謝謝建議，我們會再討論
@hendra odin is odin, not transformer. still, thank you for the comment!
@chen xinwen we'll bear this in mind. thank you!
@kayz ruan we've noted your comment. thank you!
@jo* thank you! your valuable comment has been noted.
@melvin alexander thank you for the comment. we'll try to make that happen to odin.
@jiamin780918 謝謝您的支持！募資成功後，出貨之前，才會請您輸入地址，謝謝
@david chiang thank you very much for your pledge. no worries at all. you'll be asked to provide your address only after odin is successfully funded.
@henner thank you for your comment. we'll continue to improve our product in every way possible.
the appearance looks kind of toy. instead of cold desktop gadget. even the black stone from 2010 odyssey look better then this. but, cant wait to see this gadget on my desktop.
no demo yet of the product actually being used without cutting between shots...? so i'd like to see the computer booted with the laser mouse plugged in and being used to navigate the mouse around the screen in applications. aka a working prototype... thanks
其實是不是應該用其他外形? easter island 上的石像也比這個好.
i agree with chen regarding the appereance .. hopely u dont have any problems taking 'transformer' as appreance .. regarding trade mark protection?
i too hope odin comes with other appearances that suit modern simplicity
i hope it can support wireless and bluetooth so that it will be more portable.
hi guys, great idea! looking forward to the demonstration video. i would also support bluetooth and a less "transformers", more sleek and stylish appearance to the device.
in the description and information, it shows that the odin will be equipped and functioning using a usb connection, which would allow it to communicate as well as power the device. will there be any thoughts of implementing bluetooth 4.0 or 4.1 into the odin, this would allow the ability to be wireless, and now adays many of the mouses that interest me, are wireless. but cool idea, none the less
為什麼沒有輸入地址的地方
i have provided the credit card information. however, i can't save any bill address in your portal. could you help me check whether my order is okay or not? thank you very much.
@rob we'll upload a new video in few days!
@feng lin by now, only two fingers can be sense at a time.
@edwin thank you for your kind response, odin is the first laser projection mouse with an exact clear sensing area that enables its users to know where the work area is.
just a note, you haven't actually shown a demonstration of the mouse actually working/being used. the screen is out of shot on every demo of the projection mouse. if you cannot provide a demonstration video then i will have to cancel my pledge.
will odin support three fingers gestures?
interesting technology, but i'd prefer a more simple and elegant design. this one reminds me too much of cheap kid's toys.
great project, nice design. however, i highly doubt "the world's first projection mouse" is appropriate here, but that doesn't make the odin less interesting though. would be interested in a comparison with products like that of celluon. good luck with your project!
