no problem.  the guy's logic is certainly ridiculous.  apparently, according to him, we're biased.  how?  i have no idea.  it's not like we had anything to lose if the product doesn't sell.  we're backers, not creators.
thanks for letting us know dreadjaws. yes, we just saw it. it is really pathetic how much hate one can have. we will take this up with amazon. thanks once again!
just a heads up, guys.  there's some jerk on amazon by the moniker of "c. acuff" claiming that the reviews we're making are fake, based on the assumption that we haven't actually purchased the product.  i'd advise you explain the situation to him.  or just report/downvote the hell out of him, whatever pleases you.
next project please :d
:)
@brad: hey brad! it's going good. picking up. focusing more on marketing the snugs. in parallel, working on multiple new and exciting projects. saw your tipen preview. looks great. tell you one thing, your pictures are getting better and better by the day.
hows amazon sales?
http://i.imgur.com/vkxqbei.jpg just turned up in my australian mailbox today.
hey, i just want you to know that i'm quite happy with your product! it's really great to work with it. thanks a lot! :-) best regards, daniel
sorry for the triple post, but i felt i had to mention i put a review on amazon for this product.  i don't know why there are so few reviews for it with so many backers.  i'm guessing not everyone uses amazon. anyway, mine it's on one of the set of 3, under the title "kitchen saver", if you're curious.  spoiler alert: i give it 5/5 stars.
successfully tested.  success is the word, these things are wonderful.  i will proceed to recommend them to anyone who crosses my path.
finally got mine today.  i already tried them successfully (while i haven't cooked anything yet, and i can't until dinner tonight, i mimicked cooking to try and they seem to work perfectly).  ah, no more dropped spatula!
hey guys :). love the snugs. if you're open i have some potential suggestions for v2.0 after having used them now for several weeks. perhaps it's many of my utensils but i've had a number of issues with the utensils actually holding in place well. often this is because the utensils i use have a large base and skinny neck and getting a snug that's the right size is a little challenging, leaving my utensil either not fitting or hanging up or falling into the pot. this has been a personal issue on about 60% of the utensils i've tried out. anyhow, my 2 cents just some friendly recommendations for next round if there is one. http://cloud.conzone.com/image/0a3o1t3i1l0w cheers, bryan
@andreas: so sorry to hear about the extra import fees. wow 100% import duty? i knew brazil was close to 80% but denmark is even higher? can you send us pictures of your spoons and handles you are trying to use the snug on? are you turning the handle inside the snug to get a better fit? looking at the pictures should help, so if you can send them to us, we will see what the issue is.
just got my snugs today! (denmark) :) was a bit shocked when i had to pay the import taxes and fees ($34 for my $34 pledge, incl. international shipping). it just seems absurd that it costs the same just to get them into the country. but alas, that's the danish import system for you... unfortunately it seems that a lot of my kitchen utensils don't fit so snugly (pun intended?) into the snugs. the small snugs seem very small, but do hold my thinnest cutlery and chopsticks. i haven't used them for actual cooking/serving yet, so i will update my impressions later. i guess i should bring a couple of snugs whenever i buy new utensils to make sure they fit.
my snugs arrived yesterday. i was out for dinner last night, so no cooking, but i'm already using one as a bag clip :)
@blue_glaucus: thank you so much for your candid confession : ) we are so glad that you are putting the snugs to use and they are not ending up in the back somewhere. we would love if you could help us with a review on amazon as well. thanks again!
got mine saturday (uk) got to admit when i backed i was a bit unsure if they would be one of those kitchens gadgets we all have which sit at the back of the draw and never used. i'm glad to say this is far from the truth, i'm using them every time i cook and such a great and simple solution.
@ariella: wow, that is so nicely said! we are flattered and so happy to hear you say that. thank you! @charlene: thank you so much. so glad to see you satisfied. @elflin: cool, tǐng hǎo : ) @peter: so happy to hear that peter. we love it when our backers/customers love the product. @charles: niiiiceeee! so glad to hear from you after such a long time!! let us know how they work out! how is your next project coming along? @carol: you are most welcome. hope you like them.
got my snug pack plus 2 bonus snugs thursday!  thank you!
swwweeeeeeeeett!  nice little package in my mailbox today!  can't wait to use them!  thanks guys!
mine arrived today in toronto, canada. better than i expected, they are completely awesome! thank you so much, shrenik.
hi, i received mine today. ( asia taiwan ) *\(^o^)/*
i got mine today...very very happy for you all. i loved your photos and updates along the way, and i wish you all the success in the world!
i got mine on monday!  washed them easily in the dishwasher.  used a yellow one while making breakfast, and it brightened up a slightly overcast morning!  snugs are awesome!  yay!
@pleinolijf: cool! thanks for letting us know!
received !  (belgium)
@skeam: the extra 2 are bonus snugs for all our awesome backers! you don't need to return them : ) thanks so much for checking.   hope you like them.
i revived mine today, however i ordered 6 & received 8. is this a gift or were they sent to me in error & need to return them? p.s. the kickstarter backer is a perfect touch to my snugs! thanks
@benjamin: first of all, a very happy birthday to your wife! and wow, what a relief! we obviously had no idea about this but i showed your comment to my wife and both of us are so happy that she got her surprise on time. trust me, there have been several  times when i either got the gift delivered too early, or too late for my wife's birthday. i have learnt over time and i am so glad you got your snugs in time : ) happy snugging!
i got them on her birthday! so i ordered these months in advance in order to give them to my wife on her birthday. when you told us the were at lax one week before, i really didn't think i would get mine in time. but you did it. and, by the way, it was the only gift that she got that was actually a surprise. she loves them and i know she is going to use them, because, for the past few months, every time she or i set a dirty spoon on the stove, i knew they were going to be great!  thank you for all of your hard work.
haha you rock!!!
@brad: i forgot to mention, over the weekend, i found that our bar stool is kinda shaky and the screws under the seat are getting loose. guess what i used to tighten them up?? the wtf! great tool brad! thanks.
@brad: thanksss! you are the best! btw, the tikey and snugs on one picture look great together : )
i let my backers know i received them, i need to send them to your website!
it was bent, doesn't hurt anything tho :)
@karl: exciting! leave work early ;) @brad: thanks. cool, you got yours as well! hey did the packaging come bent like that in the mail or does it look bent in the picture?
awesome awesome awesome! - http://cdn.imghack.se/images/37877d64ba8652794b48b97573af3e28.jpg
just rec'd my $42 pledge reward at work today, here in california.  can't wait to try them at home.
@danielle: thank you so much for sharing! we feel so satisfied to hear that from our backers. thanks for your backing!
got ours, they look great and work perfectly! thank for all your hard work!
hmmm i am going to try it out this weekend. those tools are usually bigger so need a mega version of snugs but totally doable!
i need something that will hold my stuff on the grill :)
hi allen thanks for taking the pain to do this. i was just researching that (since i am no web design expert) and they said the only way to do it is if i have an actual thumbnail or image on the shop page. maybe you can share the main thinkhat page link instead and there should be plenty of thumbnails to choose from. you can copy paste the below verbiage on your fb post and it should left you choose thumbnails using the arrows. thanks so much! shrenik check out the minimalist and ultra-chic kitchen gadget that prevents your utensils from burning, serving spoons from sliding into food and keeps the mess away from your counter tops! pre-order yours now on http://www.thinkhat.com
i tried to share the thinkhat link on facebook, but it showed the thinkhat logo, not a photo of a snug. is there a way to make it show a snug and summary instead of just an invitation to shop thinkhat?
@christena: at this point, sometime in july. but that is no problem. if she moves back, just let me know the new address (send me a message) and i can change it. if she is close to us in california, i can hand deliver : )
any idea when theyre going to be shipped out? my sister is going to be moving soon so i hope it gets to their old address before they move back to california
i read brad, and had to scroll down, thought you were talking to me :p
@mark: sorry for the late response, i have been out of town for a family wedding. thanks for the constructive remarks. we did think about the pot picture on the front when we were working with the packaging/graphic designer but it looked too busy in the front. we will definitely think of a v2 of the packaging in the future for maybe storing the snugs (non-throw away packaging). @charles: thanks for your positive comments! yes, this is exactly why we picked the "flower" or "circular" pattern in the front so as to attract the customers in the retail store towards it. once the customers come close to check it out, they will see the pictures in the front which should clearly show what its intended function is! and no kidding about the endless iterations and work that went into a simple thing as a two sided cardboard packaging. @brad and jimmy: we will be posting an update soon! we are very close to getting into production for our kickstarter backers!! : )
very excited to get these in for my wife. any new updates?
hi there snug team!  any updates on the production/shipping status of the project?  it's been a couple weeks. thank you
it's funny how everyone sees something different!  we all have different taste in things including packaging!  i like it, i like how my eyes go straight to the snugs! they draw you in and then your eyes wander to the "what are those things" pictures! sooooooo much work involved behinds the scenes glad to see you guys cruising along :)
constructive remark: the packaging design has an amateuristic/homemade feel to it. the snug is a beautiful organic shaped product.. the thinkhat and snug logo's don't match. i think the packaging can be more appealing and professional. for example, why not do something with all the empty space under the snugs. if you attach the snugs in a circle, why not print a pan on the cardboard for example? the back with the illustrations looks fine in my opinion.
hi jaime, we have your survey! thanks for checking with us.
not sure if you got my survey - please let me  know - jaime tendler
my wife melted my favorite spatula last night. >.< so needless to say i can't wait for my snugs. :)
@rami: it is the same options for with or without the "k" backer sign. option 1 and option 2 (solid or translucent).
hmmm...the survey doesn't mention the 22$ reward level with ks backer sign...although the pledge does.
:)
@elflin: your wait is going to be over pretty soon! the snug team is working very hard to get it out by june. lots of things going on...all at the same time :) pretty fun and exciting actually.
after snug funded, everytime i cook, cant help thinking about: what if i have snug, i can.......
that'd mean i couldn't use snugs though.
@thinkhat: actually i'd be happy skipping the cooking part and go straight to the eating part.
@elflin: thanks so much! we are very excited to see the snug up there! @caillin: what's up? still looking for the cake recipe, eh?
congrats thinkhat, snug is 3rd on 10 coolest projects on kickstarter, spring 2013. http://geekmaister.com/10-coolest-projects-on-kickstarter-spring-2013/
can you hear me, major tom?  can you hear me, major tom?  can you hear me, major tom?  can you...  here am i floating round my tin can far above the moon  planet earth is blue and there's nothing i can do...
10-4
i am here brad!! ((((( can you hear me ))))) busy with the snugs man! a lot going on, but having fun doing it.
thinkhat - you there?
"2 broke girls" has a good recipe :)
anyone know any good cake recipes?
of course
kidding...
so i'm here to buy some snugs, your picture says "last day" but i can't seem to pledge
@chuck: thanks so much for all your support and help! do you realize all three of us (brad, you and us) made a thing that needs something to go through it : ) @brad: good question on the grill. i know you can use them on your grill utensils for the side burner (if one has it) so you don't need to search for a place to put them. i will try it and let you know!! lol
i'm going to exercise to break my lace anchors in! (no i'm not, who am i kidding) but i will definably be breaking in these snugs, wonder if i can use them on my grill somehow?
nice work guys!!!  so awesome!  you guys did an outstanding job, i can't wait to get mine.  im going to make a meal that requires tons of contant stirring just to break these bad boys in!
thank you daver :) i <3 daver
@ad: thank you so much! and thanks for backing us!
congratulations :)
@maxim: thank you so much! @dave: thank you. yeah, brad and chuck were our daily supporters : 0)
@thinkhat, i agree-- brad rules, he's a great guy and has helped a lot of people. btw, congratulations!!
congrats!!
your very welcome! glad to help!
@brad: my friend, thank you for all your help throughout the campaign! i will be sending a personal email to you ; )
thanks elflin! thanks for all your support and support and spreading the word.
grats thinkhat !!
congrats!!!!
thank you all! wow, we can't believe it! 763 backers and almost $29k raised. we actually got a backer in the last second along with the automated email from kickstarter!! thank you thank you thank you!! easter weekend couldn't have been any better!
snuggler it was brad...do you remember something else?
lol, thought we came up with another name for our club. :p
hey there computer guy! glad you could make it. welcome to the snug club. you are officially a "snuggler" now!!
<-- woohoo. happy i got in on this before it ended!
ok 750 it is!
749 backers and growing fast...who is going to be our 750th backer???
thanks dave!! you made the right choice! cook away! @brad: go back to packaging. lol
had to get some snugs before time ran out!  :c)
back to packaging i go! - just wait for that excitement! lol
i agree, i can't believe how fast it's going right now. i need to keep hitting refresh.
wow time is going by fast! thanks for reminding brad ;p
106,105,104,103,102,101,100,99,98,97,96,95,94,93,92,91,90
@elflin: yeah!!! trying my last efforts. can we get to $29k? long shot by nothing i haven't seen before! please ask your friends to pledge! the $75 and $95 "customized" rewards are open! lol.
107
count down !!!
@brad: no kidding! it's 7 am now and i have been turning in my bed since 3.30 am! this, when i went to bed at 1.00 : )
5 hours, is your heart racing yet?
you should retweet it too!
cool! thank you my friend....it's never too late to join.
feel free to retweet that link everyone, spread the word :)
https://twitter.com/bamtactical/status/317690862287069185 i took out "chic" lol
i will tweet it right now. ) since i just got an account, lol
let's see! we are hoping for the best. pasting the link below and sharing the snug idea on social media is the best way to do that in the last 24 hours. so all my lovely backers, please help us get the word around! kck.st/144cfwn
1 day left, can we get 30k?
lol chuck. the doll that cuts everyone's laces away using the lace anchors : )
someone call me?  ohhh chucky the doll!  sorry.
@caillin: just be nice to them and they won't : )
will these come out of the draw at night to kill me like chucky?
sweeeet
haha..i don't wanna step on anyone's foot, but i guess yes, the small snugs will do that for sure!!
earings?  you know that other kickstarter project that holds pens to glasses? will yours do that?
you know like your wtf "all-in-one-tool", we are finding out more alternate uses for snugs everyday. take for instance, using snugs as a "chip clip" for non-resealable bags. they work perfect, either a big one in the middle or two small ones, one on each side of the bag using snug's bottom claws. it gives a nice tight fit on the bag.
that is a new one... you stumped me, lol (i'm stealing that)
lol. or perhaps impossilicon?
unobtanium?
any material except plutonium : )
titanium chopsticks too? lol... maybe...
hi elflin: yes, the smaller snug can easily grip the chopsticks. you can either put both chopsticks in one snug or if you want to have them separate (in order to stir the noodles for example) while cooking, you can use two small snugs together. i can send you a picture if you pm me your email address.
does snug able to hold chopsticks ? we asian usually use chopsticks as cooking tool.
no, we just have a set of the orange ones, it was on ebay deals, lol
freaky! do you have the one in blue too that you can see behind the orange one? ;)
i already have that exact pot, lol
@elflin: no problem at all. @brad: for you brad, i will send you the spatula and the pot! ;p
what if i want that exact matching spatula in your picture?
thx for the fast respond.
@elflin: since there are both solid and translucent color options, at the $42 reward level, you can either get: (1) both packs of solid colors (6 different solid colors in a pack) or (2) both packs of translucent colors (6 different translucent colors in a pack) or (3) one pack of solid colors and another pack of translucent colors. this will mean all 12 colors will be different. hope this answers your question? thanks.
so the example means all snug in translucent or solid color?
@elflin: yes, at the $42 pledge level, you can have the 2 packs in different color combinations.
as update#13, if pledge $42, can we have 2 pack in different color? or all 12 snug in same color.
6 days left!
i seen your review, so i returned the favor. :)
@brad: thanks so much for the reminder to all our backers : ) we are so glad to see how you have such a high rating there as well! go wtf! you are doing great!
make sure you go to report crowd everyone and vote this project up!
@ad: sorry about that and thanks so much for showing your support! it means a lot to us. the packaging size is the reason why packaging internationally is what it is. as you said, other ks projects have the same problem and it is out of our hands. thank you again for your wishes! maybe once snug hits retail (stores and/or online), you will be a proud owner of a pack or two : )
a great idea. but unfortunately not for me as shipping to the uk is almost as much as the product, which i do understand is out of your hands, a common problem i encounter on ks. have thrown a couple of dollars your way regardless to show my support. congratulations on reaching your funding goal.
@jeff and liz: thanks so much! you got a great project going there yourself. good luck! @brad: cool, thanks for the heads up!
you will get a large push at the end aswell, that's when you get put in the "ending soon" category.
congrats.  so glad you guys made it!
@sabine: thank you and thank you everyone to making this campaign so fun. we can't wait to get our first production going! go snugs!
congrats on funding this super awesome useful project. looking forward to receive mine :d
@jeff and liz: thanks!
we love simple solutions to simple problems.  nice idea.
thanks for the well wishes :d working finished here. time for some ham! almost 90% how high can we go
how is st. patrick's day going for everyone??
naughty!
wooooohhhoooo!!!   this baby is going to fund soon, so worth sitting in the corner!!!  dang where have i been those posts are 2 days old.
lol
chuck is now sitting in the corner. :p
@yeah bad chuck!
we are cruising now!!!!!!!! (thanks chuck for your awesomely bad update) lmao
it will be : ) we will take care of it in the surveys.
it's not a problem, i just want to make sure it's shipped to the right place at the end :)
@daniel: sorry about that. we really hope ks does something to let the project creators pick different shipping costs for different countries.
fyi - i had to change my pledge to say "ship to the us" in order to only add $5 for shipping.
@daniel: thanks. we will send an update today so there is no confusion. will try to see if there are other ways we can clarify this.
@thinkhat thanks, i just pledged today after seeing this on the lace anchor ks, so i didn't get any updates and haven't looked through them yet.
@daniel: it is actually $5 for canada and mexico as shown in our new reward tiers and update #1. we sent that update on the first day of our project since ks doesn't let us change the reward text once posted. http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1102241570/snug-an-ultra-chic-and-innovative-kitchen-gadget/posts/416607 maybe we will send another update by this weekend to clarify this even further.
@bryan: thanks! and cool! laguna beach? 10 minutes from where we live. we understand what you are saying and trust us, we originally put the reward tier so that it gives us the amount without which we cannot make our first production run. the price of the snugs is so low, a reduction in $3 might not look like a lot, but it was still ~20%. what is even better now is that we are giving out 2 extra snugs (if you saw our last update) for all our current and future backers, so effectively, the total discount that our backers are getting is ~35%. hope that helps! and thanks so much for your wishes!
i'm confused, is shipping to canada $5 or $12?
great idea guys! just backed and nice to support some local folks that are practically right down the street. we're in socal as well. my only slight hesitation and issue on this was the price. the pricing of all the backing levels seems more inline with what this product would be sold at a retail level and i don't really see any pricing benefit to being a kickstarter backer as i typically see in most projects here.  it feels like a normal after kickstarter price not a special help us get this going price. i'd of felt the pricing would have been more inline with kickstarter at about 40-50% less than what they are all currently set at. nonetheless still excited to see this happen for you guys.
@brad: my 7 yr old daughter showed that to me on our macbook a few months ago : ) @robb: lol swiss army snug @maysam: thanks for backing us! we are glad people are now thinking about snugs as a solution
i saw your page on kickstarter and then i was like hummm nice idea. then later that day, i was in the kitchen to fix some dinner then i was like, where i am gonna put this spoon ?!? guess what happened next ? before i ate my dinner i backed this project!
great ideas there..  multi-purpose snugs..  like the swiss-army snug..   oh man.. if only you could make mine camoflauge..   **drool**
mount one to your pc screen, see if it holds a pen too :)
@brad: actually that's not a bad idea....toothbrush that is.
will a toothbrush fit in these? what about an ink pen? or....
@charles: glad to have an impact : )
wooohoooo snugs!  funny we were cooking last night and i was fishing a spoon out of the bottom of a pan and guess what i instantly thought about?
wow..   that turned out different than it started..  lol..   :d i'm full of "something" i'm not quite sure what it is though ;-p i will hug it and squeeze it and snuggle with it and name it and make it my very own..   :b
robb is full of ideas, he needs to be a consultant. only i would second guess what his snug is really for... 0_0
@robb: all in one hunh robb? ; ) not a bad idea.
actually..  one made into a keychain is kinda neat..  they look pretty cool.. and everyone and their brother will be asking..  what is that future-space-techno gadget is that on your keychain?    then there's the fun of explaining what it is..  :d    i was thinking man.. if you split that, or encapsulated it and stuck a 64gb memory stick in there..  that would be sweet!
@hannahbeader: thanks! could you please also repost on the comments section of the update #7 along with the other comments on this topic so you can be a part of it? thank you.
any of the colors numbered 1-7. the softer colors seem washed out, i like the more vibrant colors.
@cerity: that would be silly! and yeah, we need more backers for sure!!!! our wonderful backers, please help us spread the word if you haven't already. those who haven't seen our page don't know what they are missing out on. snugs are going to change the kitchen landscape pretty soon! @brad: lol keychain. a silicone one perhaps? ;)
keychain, ahahaha. :d
oh ok. because i was thinking that would be silly :p i'd settle for an extra keychain :p or something. everyone do your part and ask people if they're tired of burning their kitc-hen tools, or making a mess on the counter!! we can do this.
@cerity: fortunately not a new production mold, but new jig for printing the "kickstarter backer" sign. $22k  goal would have never covered different production molds and moq!!
@brad, if only you could make titanium non-scratch. ok i voted for my color choice. @thinkhat do you have to make new production molds for the ks-backer and non-ks-backer pieces, thereby doubling your production costs
@brad and robb: snugs would be worth less than the tax you would pay on one titanium spatula : )
there we go!!!   that would be awesome..  expensive, but awesome..  :d
well good thing my next project will be titanium cooking utensils that will fit perfectly in a snug. :d
@robb - lol. trust me, we didn't mean to make it a scam ; )
@sam - yes please add another $5 plus $22 for 6 pack. the shipping rates is for the final package size and weight which will go up with the extra pack. hope that answers your question. thanks for pledging!
i've bought the big 6+6 pack and added the $5 for canadian shipping.  if i want to also get another 6 pack do i need to add more than the $5 for shipping?
whats funny.. is now i'll have to buy her new utensils to go with these..  non melted & burnt ones!     :d
@charles: thanks so much for the positive feedback and sharing the real life situation of burning spoons! that's exactly why we invented snugs and we are sure they won't disappoint you! btw, i also loved your lace anchors 2.0. i love simplicity and you nailed it for simplicity there. i am always reminding people to tie their laces (and myself) so they don't trip plus those knots look so clumsy!! your anchors is going to change the way people look at laces...or not : ) good luck on your campaign.
snuggity snug snug!!  do you know how many times i have burnt the wooden spoon?  ok, this is not made up.  my wife and i was cooking about 3 weeks ago and we left the kitchen for a minute(we have 2 kids, its always something) and poof, a wooden spoon up in flames, we had it setting on a plate inbetween the burners!  yes we also have the plastic spatulas that are melted on the ends.  nice work guys!!
@carol: thanks so much for your testimonial and being a part of our trial group. we are so glad you liked them! snugs are going to change every kitchen's landscape soon!
200 admirable, amazing, awe-inspiring, awesome, brilliant, cool, fabulous, incredible, magnificent, phenomenal backers! (courtesy: thesaurus.com). go backers!
@cerity - gotta love brad! i want to see him on his "high".
brad, you helped me expand my silicone kitchen accessories :p thinkhat has a winner
i am one of the lucky ones who was able to test out the snug.  i have to say i was not sure what to make of this little guy, but once i used it on a daily basis i was sold.  i am one of those cooks who ends up with a terrible mess on my cook top and counter after preparing a meal.  using the snug has eliminated most of the drips and spills due to removing and replacing utensils.  one of my pet peeves is when serving utensils "slide" into the serving dish and then trying to retrieve it (yuck).  the snug prevents that and also adds a bit of style and color to your table setting.  i also like that the snug is low maintenance i just threw it in the dishwasher.  i am excited to see the snug on the market.  i think it would make a great gift and promotional item!
yeah! and i see you "high" on your wtf campaign brad! enjoy!
very cool - gotta live that!
we are so excited to share that "the snug" kickstarter campaign is featured in the "10 cool new kickstarter projects" on brit + co. check it out at http://www.brit.co/kickstarter-march/
thank you trine for your kind words about snug. we are glad you found them useful!! dear all -- we are so excited we are at 150 backers and going strong! let's keep it chugging...the little snugs can't wait to be in your hands, or should i say - your spatulas!! thank you once again.
testimonial for snug before i knew about the snug i did not feel the need for a product like this, but after having tried the snug for two weeks i do not know how i managed without it! it is a great product in the way it keeps my spatulas from touching my hot pans, keeps my sauce and soups from spilling, and i can also use it for keeping my serving spoon from falling into the dessert. the material it is made of works perfect because it can stand the heat from the burners, if i spill on it i just rinse it off and throw it in the dishwasher! the snug is easy to get on and off, once you know the trick of twisting it, and easy to store and locate in it small and brightly colored format. the two sizes it comes in works very well and together they fit onto all of my cooking utensils. now i just need to get some more so i can have one for each! trine roesand
thanks thor. that's the plan! we use it in cooking almost every day and can't wait to see these little things in everyone's kitchen :)
fantastic idea! i hate having to choose between leaving the utensil in the pan or making a mess on the counter. this totally needs to be in kitchens stores everywhere.
thanks gaby! you are our 100th backer :) in fact, one day last october, my wife (shilpi) challenged me to come up with something that can help us, and others with the mess that these utensils create in the kitchen and on the dining table. i gladly accepted the challenge, and the snug was born! thanks everyone for your support so far! it is exciting and emotionally moving to see so much support and backing from all over the world. way to go!
this is a fantastic idea. i'm forever dropping my silicone cooking spoons on the floor. good luck!
excellent idea!
