hi peter, awaiting your reply. regards, mike
hi peter, thank you for giving me the chance to purchase the promo cards,  which i would like to do. please invoice me through pay pal. i am looking forward  to your expansion. regards, mike
excellent to see bob is arriving throughout europe. glad to hear people are happy with how it looks. hope you all enjoy the game play even more.
arrived in norway as well. great. looking forward to getting this on the table in my gaming group.
received in the uk yesterday! only just opened. looks fantastic. thanks peter!
bob in the uk today. great art, love the feel to the cards.
@ernst-jürgen bonus cards may be wrong terminology... it's those promo cards mentioned in the other kickstarter project, the playing cards, (http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/948466937/blankenburg-medieval-playing-cards) that didn't get funded.
@harald: bonus cards, what's that?
in my copy of the game there are no wood cubes (i.e. 25 missing), but 50 stone cubes (i.e. 25 more than needed). thanks to jamey stegmaier's treasure chest i'm able to help me, so i will play the game tomorrow.
i just got the game (germany). looks good.
received the bonus cards today. loooking good, really great appetizer. now, can't wait for the main course :-)
i was hoping to have better news by now, but the games for european and canadian shipment have not yet arrived at ideaspatcher. the ship from china reached port on february 6, 2016 as planned. a couple weeks ago ideaspatcher stated that there was a delay in transit from port to their warehouse, while late last week they are now stating it's being held up in customs. i have emailed ideaspatcher again this morning for a more detailed update, but my contact appears to be away at the cannes toy festival (hopefully checking his emails while gone). i apologize for the delays. if any of our backers from france have any ideas as to why this may be occurring or other steps i can take to expedite matters, it would be appreciated.
anyone in the uk received bob yet ????????
anyone in canada got theirs yet?
once european fulfillment is underway, i'll post a formal update. in the meantime, i spoke with ideaspatcher today and am told the current eta to their warehouse is now early next week, with games shipping out within a day or two of arrival. the ship reached port on time on february 6th, but customs seems to have been a bit slow and trucking it from the port to their warehouse has taken longer than expected (a week ago the eta was early this week). please be patient and you should be receiving your copy soon.
any one in the uk received bob yet!
my friend rated it among his most favorite current games. he doesn't give out high marks lightly. i knew i'd like it a lot. it's been the only campaign i've watched with such intensity when it was going on.
i played earlier today with my friend. even with two people it is quite enjoyable. i'm excited to get the chance to play it again with more people.
glad to see everybody's been receiving their copies safe and sound. thank you all for the kind words. i am very happy with the production quality (it's especially nice to see how easily and cleanly everything punches out) as well. we do have a couple other game ideas in the early planning stages, including an expansion to builders that adds a new district along with a couple new game mechanics. however, that's probably looking at 2017 given its scope. to try to keep up interest in builders of blankenburg, there is a mini-expansion planned for later this year. during play testing, my daughter participated a lot, so i agree that kids as young as eight or nine can play and enjoy the game. they usually have difficulty forming as strong of a long term strategy, but i know my daughter surprises me at times. if you come across any rules questions while playing, please feel free to contact me, or post on bgg, since i keep an eye on that as well.
got my copy...it's a lovely game. peter, you should be proud, and i do hope we'll see another game concept from you in the near future.
received my game friday, played for the first time last night. i have to be honest, i had no idea that i would like it this much! played a 2 player game with my 9 year old son and even he enjoyed it. i really can't wait to play with more players. well done!
mine's set to be delivered tomorrow, from the looks of it.  i'm really looking forward to seeing it.
received my game today. it looks great.
got my game today, thanks peter.
i received my copy today east coast us. everything looks great, have a nice thickness, and have a feel of quality.
arrived safe and sound in the midwestern us. well packed!
happy to report my copies arrived in australia this week, safe and sound and well packaged!
whoo! just got a fed ex tracking number!
peter, great news today! i hope to see the game soon.
hi all - i have been posting updates, but neglecting the comments since they had been quiet for so long. the games are supposed to be on the ship out of china as of today, 12/29/15, though i have yet to receive confirmation from the manufacturer that this has occurred. transit to the us/canada is estimated at 22 days, plus a week to ship to you once received. for the eu, transit is estimated at 31 days, plus about a week to ship once received. if your address has changed, please email me the update (peter@cobblestonegames.net) or message me through kickstarter with the information. i will post another formal update once i have confirmed the games are on board the ships and headed to their destinations. thanks.
hi peter, what is your estimation  delivery date at this time,? regard`s mike.
how do i go about getting you my updated address?
just checking in. hope all is going well. any updates on progress? really looking forward to giving this a spin - some good reviews on bgg.
@james, thank you :) so 21"x 21" it is.
and when i say rows and columns, those refer to sheets of letter size paper, this i used 6 sheets total of 8.5" x 11" paper. if you use a4 size paper, you would probably used the same number of sheets.
@gianluca, i started my test prints under the guide of what peter had mentioned about the size being 21 x 21. i tested several ways of printing before deciding on my arrangement.
@gianluca, the board should be roughly 21 x 21 inches. i used 8.5" x 11" paper and had it printed in landscape. it used 3 rows and 2 columns to print the board. it came to roughly 20" x 20". i found this to be acceptable when i placed the cards on the board. the hard part can be to get the sections lined up correctly. i used foam board and then glued the board sheets to it.
has anyone an idea of what the size of the printed board should be? i mean considering the card that have to be on it.
murphy struck today since you sent the files after my local print shop closed. i was there today getting some other print and play stuff done,  including this rule book. alas, now i must wait until monday to get these files printed. everything else is just waiting for me. game crafter supplies came early today. so close to being able to play it...
i'm ready for the game. ordered game parts from the game crafter. now all i need are the files to print.
hi everybody. i'm out with the wife for a few days for her birthday. as soon as we return i will start gathering all the latest art for the print and play. the will be made available to everyone by friday, along with the surveys going out. thanks.
i wonder how many of us added on $30 for a second game in the last days of the project. i did! if it was more than 17 or so of us it made a big difference. glad someone pointed out the option in the comments.
when will the pnp be available for those of us that pledged $10? jh
@john: interesting articles, wouldn't hurt if more backers realized all that went into creating a physical game.
this has been the only campaign that i've followed with such intensity. you know, following a campaign so closely can be exhausting. no wonder designers need to take a break after the campaign closes.
congratulations to everyone. this is the second hardest campaign i had on ks (shadow of the elder gods was the other one), but if in soteg i was sure we would have failed, here, i do not know why, i was oddly sure we will succeed. at the last second, yes, but we would. i thank everyone helping here and @peter for keeping up . now if you excuse me, i will start to  glare angrily at my mailbox while i wait the final link to the pnp. :d
congratulations! looking forward to the game!
posted this on the update too, as i just got home from work, but want to make sure you see it: congrats, peter, and the rest of us! great post. nicely done. post campaign is tough. you'll need help. mine is offered as a friend and co-creator. start here: (not selling anything): http://www.gatekeepergaming.com/kickstarter-advice-columns/ articles #11 - #14 are going to be your new best friends. if there's something you experience that isn't in there, just ask. congrats to the max!
i was  just hoping we'd make it. i've a lot of time invested watching the progress of this game. countless hours watching this game inch towards the pledge goal. i guess i adopted it as mine even though i had nothing to do with it.   whenever my friend saw me on kickstarter, he saw me on this page.
thank you everyone for making this happen. i was hoping we would hit a stretch goal or two at the end, but too many pledges were fickle. however i'm looking forward to placing the deposit with the manufacturer as we move into pre-production. in the mean time, i will pull together all of the most current art to get the print and play version ready for all of you.
well that was the end of a long but successful night  fully funded and its finally over. well done all the backers
well, follow-the-bouncing-pledge-total was a wee bit frustrating, but still... huzzah!  we have bob!
thanks for the clarification.
the full art print and play will be included for everyone getting a physical copy of the game. at first the included print and play was going to be the non-art version, but it's easier for me to just have one version for everyone and will make playing the print and play more enjoyable for everyone.
this bouncing dollar figure definitely isn't good for my poor heart.
we seem to be moving...in the wrong direction.
20 more facebook likes and 16 bgg fans needed!
i've looked at so many ks projects recently, i'm not sure at times which things go with which projects.
it better recognize it if we get there.
and will ks realize it if we do?
$500 for two more event cards.  can we pull it off?
i'll let peter handle that one...i'm starting to get my kses mixed up. :)
if we want the full print and play, is that an extra $10, or do we get the full print and play included with the physical copy?
we're happy that you can, too!
i found a way to be able to afford the real physical game. i'm quite happy now.
@peter  i guess they decided we needed a few extra thrills tonight.  because, you know, getting this funded isn't exciting enough. ;-)
thank goodness it was only temporary. i was trying to find a way to actually get a hold of somebody at kickstarter when it corrected itself.
oops, and we're back.  thanks a heap for the scare, ks!
it still lists us on the "ending and 100% funded" search, so hopefully this won't be too costly a faux pas.
um, the funding is off by a lot, showing only $195.  i know this is an error with ks, but i cannot help but think about those visiting the page and not backing / or dropping their pledge because they do not know that it is funded and very close to the next $ goal.
um, somebody please wake up the techs at ks, i think the system hiccuped.  i *know* we have more than $195 in funding!
there are 228 likes on facebook and we need a total of 250 for the next goal- 2 additional event cards! https://www.facebook.com/buildersblankenburg… the bgg goal is one new visitor card! (18 more fans needed) https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/174990/builders-blankenburg
i'm breathing rather more easily, now that i see we have some cushion between us and 19k.  and i have a good feeling about how this evening will unfold, since we'll be right at the top of "ending and funded".
(limit is 3 additional copies for $30)
yeah it is mentioned in the update "half way there" on may 26th!
wow! i didn't even know that. just added $30 for an extra copy here too.
we currently have 79 fans on bgg, and we need 100 for the next stretch goal! we can do this! become a fan here: https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/174990/builders-blankenburg
congrats on the funding! i am going to add an extra copy! i think it might help to put at the top of the page that you can add a second copy for $30! it's a really good deal and might help us reach some stretch goals.
thank you all for your support, and thank you steven for the final push over the finish line. as steven had mentioned, i had offered our immortality backers the opportunity to add a second likeness to the game at a discounted price, the same way backers at the game level can get a second copy deeply discounted. it looks like i had disconnected right before we hit funding, so apologies for lack of an official announcement last night. on the bright side, it saved you all from seeing my happy dance, which probably would have scared some of you away. as we become one of the "ending soonest" projects today, our fully funded status should help attract more backers.
fully agree with the below comment it is nice to see a games designer who tries to make the game the best that can be achieved. even though he did not make the cash levels he initially thought was necessary to achieve the game upgrades. he is willing to add many of upgrades even though it might cost a little bit more. nice to see he thinks more of getting out a better product rather than purely thinking about the purely financial aspects of the campaign. well done on the soon to be successful campaign (barring any last minute disasters)
finally.  i can only imagine the wringer peter's been through. and peter, thank you for your generosity in figuring out how to buff the game a bit more on the budget.  hopefully, some more folks will respond to that with generosity of their own, now that they see this is going to be a reality.
@james hummmm... not yet sure, i was thinking to go in this kind orf direction https://www.youtube.com/watch…
so, @gianluca, what will be in your playlist?
so, since it is funded we can start to work on expanding the base. for whoever is still sitting on the fence, please feel free to jump in as soon you want. from now on the hard work has been done and everything more is a plus :)
@james for sure! already preparing the playlist kumpel!
@gianluca, looks like i get to break out my german music soon while playing this game.
seems we owe this last push  to @steven rauch and his lovely wife. thank you sir, beer is on me.
*happy dance* \o\ \o\ \o/ /o/ /o/
aaaaaand funded!!!!
@steven, just curious...were you an immortality backer that added extra money, or did you add extra money to become an immortality backer? either way, i'm grateful since i'll soon be able to play the game.
thanks steven for getting the game funded. congrats peter and to your support staff.
anyway, to clarify my comment below for other readers.  i am an immortality backer.  peter you had emailed me earlier saying that for an extra $150 i could add loved one's likeness.  rereading you message it was a little vague.  i had responded to your original email stating i would make sure you got funded...kept my promise.   excited to get this game funded.  please let me know what "adding a loved one's likeness" actually means.   awesome job and congrats!!!!
houston, it looks like we have lift off.
boom, i just added $150 to my pledge.  you are funded.  email me about adding my beloved wife as a card.  congrats.
not that i wouldn't love to have the physical version.
sadly i'm only getting the print and play version so i can't utilize the linen finish on the cards.  i can't afford the $39 price difference. :(
you will get funded. i personally guarantee.
good eye, john. you managed to steal my thunder before i posted the official update. but in all seriousness, you've all earned this with your support. as cliche as it sounds, i am humbled by this whole process. thank you.
i've just realized that it looks like the designer has now included the linen finish on the cards and the double sided game board (3 goals unlocked) even more reason to back the game
you can tell it's late thats 3 more backers needed (oops)
thats only 1 more full backer need or a print and play with a 1 dollar contribution from a couple of people
only $111 dollars left to get us over the finishing line!! almost there!
i wish i was breathing.
okay, i'm breathing again.  and don't call me shirley.
@david, we need you pushing this across the line. therefore, you need to breathe. if you die because you had lack of oxygen, you do us no good.
surely we can get $199. someone go find shirley so we can wrap this up.
@james  oh wait, was i supposed to swap back?  oh dear...
@david, i'm used to holding my breath (or rather not having any because of copd). i'll take over the breath holding for you.
i await your update with bated breath.  (i'm just not sure how long i can hold it, so please hurry if you see me turning blue...)
even a dozen or so add-on copies will push us over the finish line. i've been working through the numbers from the manufacturer on some of the upgrades and think i'll be able to add a stretch goal or two into the basic game. more details to come in tonight's update. we still have some of the master builder sets available if anybody wants to upgrade.
yes...yes...so close, another 10 backers would get us there... dammit, this thing's gonna get across the finish line if i have to get out and push.
i'm not going to sleep tonight, i already know it :d
only $809 to go for the funding level come on you last minute backers jump onboard
piece of cake me hopes !
-825$ dear 1$ user. thank you for believing in this project. i perfectly understand that you may not be able to pay the full game, life is hard for everyone. that said for 9$ more you will receive the complete pnp for a price that qualifies as pure and simple steal. ù to give you an idea, it will cost you less that seing a crappy movie and you will be able to sit three your friends at your table for 10$. and everyone will have fun! think about it, there is still time ;)
unfortunately, kickstarter does not let me know how many people have starred the project, though i can see how many have viewed the video. if just a fraction of those who viewed and didn't back ended up starring the project, we should have a lot of 48 hour emails in people's inboxes.
come on lads. we are 826$ from funding this come on!
i hope that many people have starred this as "remind me later". @peter a curiosity, as creator are you informed if someone does that? might be interesting to know to anyone reading this. if you are stioll on the sideline jump in! we need you! and this game is insanely cheap for the fun it promises!
we so got this, guys!  congrats!  let's pull this thing out today, and maybe hit a stretch goal before it's all done.  let's go!
i'm waiting not so patiently to play this game. only a little over 1k needed to appease me.
david - i agree that the 48 hour reminders should help push us over the top. i'm off in a few minutes to demo the game at one of our local gaming shops. hoping to get some more backers there to give us a running start heading into the final 48. when i get back tonight i'll be posting another update (possibly a "we reached the funding goal" message). as soon as we hit funding, the first few stretch goals are very easy to claim, so that should help momentum as well. thank you all for doing the hard work of spreading the message.
just sent out a fb reminder to all my friends...i know we can make this, and i'm expecting it to happen when the 48h reminders take hold.
anyone know how to grab a blankenburg avatar with ipad? i can't seem to save it to camera roll. it only lets me select and copy the pics from campaign page.
anyone on the sideline considering this should jump in now. would be awesome if it funded today.
right, this will be close. quick todo list for everyone: - we need hotness on kickstarter so we need comments. comment, talk your heart out, the more the better - visibility on kickstarter is achieved indirectly as well.please, everyone, change your avatar and go commenting on your other projects. while it is outright rude to go yelling "hey! watch this awesome project i'm baking!" the avatar generates curiosity and, hopefully, new bakers. - on bgg go to the main project page and like it (https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/174990/builders-blankenburg ) - @peter, we need as many pictures possible on the bgg page to thumb up ( gets more hotness) do the upload we will do the thumbing. come on lads, just a little stretch and we are there!
a good start to the big push for the last 3 days less than 3000 extra needed now to make the game a reality. come on all of of you new potential backers, jump in and lets lets hit the target and beyond to the stretch goals which are set a quite a low level over the funding point. don't forget to go over to bgg and click on the page for this game and become a fan we only need another 40 of you to do this and we hit another stretch goal a similar number of likes on face book is needed for yet another stretch goal jump on board now to hit the target!  you know you want too!!!
nice to have someone else doing the cheerleading for a while. :) wouldn't mind seeing some conversation.  maybe a couple of the higher-level backers would like to speak up about why they went in for an "immortality" pledge.  obviously, you think the game is special enough for that...so tell everyone just why, and see if we can get more interest from the people stopping by for a peek.
on bgg we now have 58 likes for this game (an increase of 4) come on backers see if you can push us to the next stretch goal
we are definitely heading in the right direction to be fully funded soon as regards the stretch goals an easy one to meet is 100 fans on boardgamegeek.com at the moment there are 215 backers of this project if you are a backer please take the time to visit the boardgamegeek.com website and search for this game, then click on the become a fan button. of the 215 backers here on kickstarter only 54 people in total have so far bothered or were aware of how to become a fan as we only need 100 backers to attain a new stretch goal this should easily be done if all of the present backers could please become a fan lets hit that funding target and beyond to make the game as good as we can
i wish i was at origins, it would be a lot more fun than working. unfortunately, not going to make it this year. prototypes have only made their way to game review blogs, and to game stores here in southern california. i'll try to be at the conventions next year when we have a finished product in hand and may have an expansion prototype then as well.
don't suppose you're at origins with a proto-type?
the art is progressing along well. we have completed almost all the events, about a third of the structures, and a handful of the people (citizens, characters, visitors). the artist is currently working on more of the visitors. so overall, i'd say about a third is accurate. this is the only project the artist is working on at this time, so as soon as we fund she expects to have all the art completed fairly quickly. obviously we're holding off on most of the people art as backers have the opportunity to have their likeness used for those cards.
slow but steady progress it's looking good to be fully funded with at least a few stretch goals attained. if you are considering backing please don't wait to the last 2 days as once we are fully funded i'm sure more people will jump on the bandwagon. there are a couple of later stretch goals that i would really like added so the sooner it's funded the better the chances of the later stretch goals been attained.
in fact, out of curiosity, how much art has already been done by now? one third?
aaron - if there are fewer resources then there are bids, the lowest bidder would leave empty handed. statistically, this is very rare when looking at dice probabilities and a number of cards that add to the bid. however, in those rare cases a player has to decide if they want to take a risk of getting nothing, or take the sure thing and bid zero to gain silver.
13k barrer broken lads. it is looking good :) keep the comments coming
@aaron good question. i would suppose that he gets nothing and loses the silver. bad luck on bidding.
what happens if a player bids at least one silver during the bidding phase, but there are no resources left when it is their turn to take resources?
john, welcome to the party and thanks for helping us meet the bgg goal. i'll update the page accordingly once i get off work this evening. we remain on target to pull through in the final 48 hours.
on an unrelated note, talking about metal coins. one decent solution i found for myself is to collect 1 eurocents pieces, spraypant them the color i want and then glue a size tailored image from both side before covering them in transparent nail polish. i mage the greek coins for omen like that and they look good. besides the expense is ridicolous (1 euro cent a piece). for bob you can use 5 cents for silver and 2 cents for gold for the rich epense of 6.40 euro
i'm here too, sorry, hectic day at job. this will be another run like shadow of the elder gods (previously known as shadow of arkaham) that we pulled off one hour before the end. love those kind of campaigns. they are always exciting. ii know it is annoying to post without real content, so i repost here the baker interview template keep em coming! backer interview: where are you from? tell us a bit about yourself: what's your favorite game type? why did you decide to back builders of blankenburg?
and in 4 minutes i just claimed 7% of the comments.  what now, world!?  : p  gotta get this place hoping!
@david - bgg has far less kickstarter-board-game-backer-users than you would expect.
as a fan of randy and the king's abbey i decided to back this due to the nostalgia i just experienced looking at your box art.  lemme know if you feel the need for advice.  you're doing well, and on target to pull this off at the last minute, and i'm happy for you.  it looks like a decently put together game.  enjoyed nvs's comments too.  (ftr: bgg ad is how i found you.  be glad it's working. : )
bgg goal unlocked.  ; )
thomas - sorry to see you go. i see we've got two other backers who have returned from the initial campaign - welcome back. we're also 2 backers away from 200 and only 1 bgg fan away from our first stretch goal. i've been waiting to change the graphics on the stretch goal to show it unlocked. somebody please help me out and become a fan. if you swing by bgg, thumb up the pics as well to help us earn some hotness and some more traffic this way.
super early bird opening up. sorry, spent too much money on other things. good luck!
we're one bgg fan shy, and 49 fb likes shy, at least as of my checking the numbers.  there are at least 145 backers who have not become bgg fans of the game.  (at least our fb numbers are better, but they aren't as good as they need to be!)
only two more fans on board game geek!
i asked my facebook peeps to like the page for free stuff for me !
eleven thousand is in the rear view mirror now and we're heading towards twelve thousand and 200 backers. at latest check we only needed 8 more bgg fans or 63 facebook page likes to add extra cards to the game. hopefully we can get past those numbers over the weekend so i can update some of the stretch goal graphics as unlocked.
@peter  i'm happy to keep comments moving, though thinking of something actually worth saying is usually the sticking point. :) one other campaign i'm backing tried using some service called thunderclap to generate a simultaneous social media message, but couldn't get the minimum 100 people.  i have no idea how many of your backers are looking at the campaign and comments, but it might be worth looking at to see if we can generate some noise.  or maybe you could just do an update and announce a "get out the word" day asking people to share the project on the social media of their choice on a specific day, including a comment of why they backed the game and why they think their friends might like it too.  can't hurt to try...and i have to assume that anyone who backed the game wants the project to succeed.
@jurgen i do not yet know. i wonder if i'm not already too late to find a room and tickets.
@ gianluca casu will you visiting the essen fair from 8th oct. - 11th oct. this year.
got me a wench! what avatar will you be sporting?
@gianluca, i tried it. i liked it. i could see that being played as i play this game. my grandmother was german. so, whatever part that makes me, i'm part german.
@james, try this if you want some medieval german https://www.youtube.com/watch…
@david, if you are into rpg i urge you to check this https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/rosscowman/fall-of-magic-a-role-playing-game-of-profound-fant @james okay. i'm half german. i know my schlager. no. just no mate ^^"
another thing about me: i recently started listening to schlager music. playing this game will just validate my cranking the volume as i listen to my german music.
i'm a decent baker. however, recently had to stop baking due to gluten issues.:( where are you from? split time between california, new mexico, colorado (usa) tell us about yourself: i'm an introvert at heart. started playing video games with the pong consoles. i got introduced to card games because of my grandmother. i'm willing to try just about any board game. with use of only one arm, i guess i could be a literal one armed bandit. my friend introduced me to the world of kickstarter, and now i'm becoming poorer as each new day arrives. i'm quite happy working strategy and mathematical puzzles / problems. i'm sick that way, i suppose. what's your favorite type of game? i'd probably say catan type games. i enjoy the building aspect of catan along with the card management. why did you back builders of blankenburg? it has the features i like about catan, but it is also its own game with enough interesting different features.  i believe  this game deserves to be made.
david and gianluca - thank you for keeping the comments flowing. i appreciate the interesting backer profiles. after a stagnant day and a half we have started getting some momentum back. if we can add just $500 a day, we will be in great shape and just about funded when the final 48 hours hits.
actually, gianluca, i'm a terrible baker.  nobody wants my cookies.  including me.  but nonetheless... where are you from?  new jersey (us), currently. tell us a bit about yourself:  i've been a gamer since long before it was cool...and even before i knew what one was.  how long?  well, i saw some episodes of the original star trek in first run...anyhow, i just love games.  i enjoy reading rules, picking at them, figuring out what makes a game tick...and sometimes even playing them.  and now, backing them. what's your favorite game type?  well, my favorite type is probably role-playing games, but what i really love is a game that's been cleverly and meticulously designed to keep there from being one set path to winning. why did you decide to back builders of blankenburg?  well, you pretty much have your answer from reading the previous one.  i like this design.  i think other people will too, if they give it a chance.  it's pretty tough to compete for attention in the worker-placement category, but i feel this game deserves a chance to live and breathe and find its niche.
okay, i just reshared this project on every sn, i urge everyone to do the same. by the way lads, not a single baker interview outside mine? come on! it is fun and helps the project rising in popularity :) join the fun ;)
i was about to suggest it in fact. i got excellent results with this tecnique. i adapt the coin image to the diameter of small change, then print it and cover it with with a small piece of plastic book cover. http://goo.gl/bkyelt then i patiently cut them all out and then glue them on the change that you previously spray painted . it is really not the feel of a full metal coin, but the weight is there and from play distance it visually work.
yep.  i didn't say they were all that inexpensive.  a dollar a coin is a bit more than i'd want to pay.  (at that point, i think i'd just start using my own embarrassingly extensive accumulation of us pocket change instead...i really ought to lug it to a bank, it's probably enough to pay at least a couple of my pledges.)
@david, yes and no. your reasoning is sound, but look for example at this, it finishes in three hours https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/139197951/dragon-scales-coins-wave-1-dwarven-and-elven… 80£ for 120 coins.
@gianluca  depends where you are.  kickstarters for coins seem to be fairly frequent, and one i was recently in had prices down to around $50 for 120 coins before shipping.  i picked up a nice batch that i can use in this and many other games. so while i'll agree that metal coins have a nice tactile feel to them, i think it's interesting that people constantly ask for them in boardgame kickstarters when they could just as easily pick up very nice ones elsewhere...and support yet another project in so doing.
in fact, while we are speaking, i have a strange question. what is the size of the board? the more i think about it the more i like the idea of printing it on fabric.
120 coins in metal is an expensive thing. just saying. i looked up on spielematerial ( which is a respectable and quite affordable shop) and the lowest i can find for metal coins is 0.60€ http://www.spielematerial.de/en/game-components/play-money/goldmunze-glanzend.html wich means that for silver alone i would spend 72€ (so roughly 78,40$). ykes!
i would still love an option of a paid add-on for silver coins for the deluxe edition.
yep, gotta get more people in here.  that 10k mark has got to go...
raymond, thanks for becoming a fan at bgg. i will be adding some more card art over there and if every thumbs them up, it might improve our bgg hotness. i have also added some avatars people can snag at the bottom of the campaign page. joseph, regarding the master builder edition, by default it would have cardboard silver, because the cost to upgrade 120 coins is a lot. i am looking into options for upgrades to see if anything is feasible. in addition, if we can build some more momentum and start reaching stretch goals, then a lot of these upgrades are definitely possible.
concerning the deluxe edition, what are silver coins made of? are they cardboard?
just went thumbing on bgg here, became a fan, and subscribed. i also think it may help if we all add builders of blankenburg to our bgg wish lists as must have.
gianluca, thank you for your enthusiasm. i had put together a few avatars last night and then promptly forgot to add them when i posted the update. they will be added tonight once i'm back home from my day job. i will start adding more of the updated art to bgg as well. by the way, very nice backer interview. i consider myself very lucky that my wife enjoys board games, though there are certain types of games she refuses to play. like your wife she hates to lose, so some games get kicked out of the rotation for a while following a losing streak.
backer interview: gianluca casu where are you from? all around europe. at the same time, let's not go into it. i live in belgium since about ten years now. tell us a bit about yourself: i'm a jurist, law degree in european and industrial right, but i work in it as projects manager (the irony). i live in brussels with my wife. i have no kids, which is an issue since my wife hates boardgaming and any form of gaming in general ( she hates to lose and accepts to play only in things in which either she cannot lose or can only win). so i collect boardgames hoping one day to be able to play them. outside boardgaming i'm a rugby player (lock) in a small third division team in brussels. what's your favorite game type? the one at which i'm worst, which are worker placement and building games. i simply love the idea of building things and see something evolve and grow under my eyes. i just cannot win at them because, well, i suck :p why did you decide to back builders of blankenburg? three reasons: 1) the theme is rich and makes sense to me. we need houses, we need materials, we need money, we earn prestige, we get money from people using the houses. logic. 2)the game seem equilibrated to me and with many possibilities for different strategies 3)this seems a great project as pnp just for the fun of it. :)
a good friend here on kickstarter, rainer ahlfors, started baker interviews and this has become one of the main driver of many campaigns we did together. so, as my smart friend did i do here. please fill in the following interview. backer interview: where are you from? tell us a bit about yourself: what's your favorite game type? why did you decide to back builders of blankenburg?
hello lads and lasses. this project seems to have some rocky story behind it, but do not worry, ks has a long story of projects that were pulled off against all odds. that said let's get to work. kickstarter and bgg are related and connected, we have just to push the right buttons - we need hotness on kickstarter so we need comments. comment, talk your heart out, the more the better - visibility on kickstarter is achieved indirectly as well.@peter, we need avatars to punt on our profile. please, everyone, change your avatar and go commenting on your other projects. while it is outright rude to go yelling"hey! watch this awesome project i'm baking!" the avatar generates curiosity and, hopefully, new bakers. - on bgg go to the main project page and like it ( https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/174990/builders-blankenburg ) - create a thread on it and comment on it too ( same mechanism) this is how we get in the hotness list - @peter, we need as many pictures possible on the bgg page to thumb up ( gets more hotness) do the upload we will do the thumbing. - if the pnp is on bgg download it. it does not matter if you did it here on kickstarter do it again. happy work to everyone!
good morning everyone! 26/100 on bgg 138/500 on facebook at this pace, it should only take us 31 more days to get all the free goodies...um, oops.
i've been following this the last couple of days but moe tousignant's review sold me :)  off to bgg to exercise my mouse clicks.
i'm back! looking at kicktraq this is going strong. i have high hopes for this game.
the numbers so far: bgg: 21/100 fans to get two free visitor cards added to the game. facebook: 126/500 likes to get two free event cards added to the game. peter, maybe you should put something up at the top of the campaign page?  perhaps people aren't looking down at the social goals?  they're sure as heck going to get tired of listening to me go on about it, if they're checking the comments. ;)
hey folks, who likes free stuff?  well peter's giving us free stuff...for mouse clicks. https://www.boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/174990/builders-blankenburg and become a fan of the game.  we have over 130 backers, but only 18 fans?  we only need 100 total fans for free stuff. https://www.facebook.com/buildersblankenburg and like the game.  123 likes as i write this...we need 500 total for free stuff.  i know not everyone uses facebook, but many of you do, and...free stuff! who doesn't want more free stuff?
when it comes to the print and play, the version including full art was only going to be for that specific tier. everyone else will receive the early play test version from before the art was added. both print and plays will have all the same cards, but only the paid version will eventually match the production version with regard to art.
glad you liked the ad. i'm hoping lots of people are curious and decide to click through and check us out. with regard to the earlier comments regarding the town, it would be blankenburg am harz, the one in the foothills of the harz mountain range. it's not 100% historically accurate obviously, since there was no cathedral in that town. however, there was a town hall, a castle, multiple chapel and churches, etc. that line up with what you're building in the game.
just saw the ad too on boardgamegeek, i will move my support up as the closing date gets here.
just saw your ad on boardgamegeek -- looks good! the message, "what will you build?" with the three buildings appearing lets me know what kind of game this is instantly, including theme and approximate setting. if i hadn't already backed the game, i would've clicked to check it out (and i very rarely click ads). hope it draws in more backers!
not 'php' but 'pnp'
2 questions: 1. which town named 'blankenburg' is the town behind the story? 2. will the full php-version only be part of the 10 usd-pledge or is it included in all the other higher pledge levels?
yes...we're ahead of the first time around and only 12h in.
glad that this is back and seems to be going well.
don't forget to go over to bgg and become a fan of the game...after all, your pledge only gets more valuable if you do!  (same with facebook if you use that.  the man's giving away free stuff for mouse clicks, grab it with both hands!)
me too!
glad to be back.
