this hardcover's production quality blows away other kickstarter books i've gotten at $75 to a $100. at $25 this book is a steal! hope you sell through quickly and recoup.
beautiful dedicated copy ! i love it, nice job alec ! thank you !
my copy came in today! thanks!
rydych yn croeso, nello!
hey alec, my copy of basewood has just arrived safely here in wales. really pleased, looks fantastic! diolch yn fawr.
thanks everyone for the encouraging comments!  i'm so glad you're all enjoying the book.
just received my book in the mail today. it is awesome!!! so pleased i kickstarted this, you need the physical copy to do the story justice! amazing effort from alec and all the people involved. quality updates too.  thanks!!!
got my copy in the mail and it looks gorgeous, thanks for the book and your truly enlightening and comprehensive updates on its making.
book arrived today- looks awesome.
hi alec, i've been following your well documented process and as a fellow comic book artist, it's been brilliant to see. i got my book today and it looks so well crafted. looking forward to sitting in a quiet corner and reading it.thank you.
got my book on friday and it looks terrific!
hi daniel- thanks so much for your thoughtful comments!  hopefully the basewood companion volume and songs from the basewood album will help satisfy your desire to know more about the characters and the world of basewood.  look for those, along with the hardback book in the months to come! best, alec
hi alec, i wasn't familiar with your work before i backed your kickstarter campaign. a friend posted your campaign on his tumblr, and i clicked along. i downloaded the pdf you sent to backers the other day and read it on my ipad, cover to cover, in one sitting. the story is great and the art is incredible. i am really happy with this project, and that is before i even get the physical copy. anyway, great job. i want to see more. i want to know more about your characters and the world you've created for them here in basewood. thanks a ton. sincerely, dan boehl
hi luc- the blank speech balloons are intentional; it was my attempt to help separate the reader from time, since it is sort of a montage scene. instead of focusing on what's being said in that panel, which ties you to that moment, the balloons are blank, which hopefully detaches the reader a bit, so that it is less jarring when time starts speeding up. like in film, when a montage starts, usually music fills the soundtrack and you cannot hear what people are saying, but you can see that things are being said. it might not be totally successful, but it was an attempt to try something new in comics! it might not make sense when you just flip through the book and see it, but hopefully it will make sense when you are reading the whole book and it appears in context.  it happens a few other times throughout the book.
hi alec before i pledged i borrowed the french version from my library to see if i liked the book. i noticed that in that edition a few pages had blank and/or cropped word balloons and i assumed if was a printing error. i took a quick peek at the pdf you just sent us and it's the same thing , they're around page 60. i'm curious as to why you chose  to leave the blank spaces on the pages rather then simply not putting any word balloons. thanks , luc
woo-hoo!
stoked on this!
congratulations!  looking forward to your updates!
wow, thanks patrick! i'm honored you backed the big heavy book, even after reading basewood!  sorry the shipping is so expensive.  glad to have you on board!
i discovered this on my kickstarter app the other morning and after reading the whole book online (i wanted to stop halfway to keep the ending a surprise but couldn't) i have to back this! it's awesome, and while the e-book pdf is practical for me as an aussie backer, i think it needs the real book to do it justice! so i've gone for the $25 pledge with shipping. great work alec!
hi tyler- thanks for backing this project! i'm already going to have my hands full getting these books signed and out to everyone by april, along with finishing up songs from the basewood.  i'd rather not push my luck and try to add on too many extra things.  i want to stay focused on the book.  so, alas, i have no plans to make a basewood t-shirt.  sorry, man!
hey alec i'm totally pumped to get a copy of basewood! what are the odds we could get like a t-shirt with that amazing logo as an add-on or something?
hi connor- i became pen pals with a belgian cartoonist named max de radiguès, who is part of the l'employé du moi comics collective.  in 2007 they published a 200-page collection of my phase 7 comics: http://employe-du-moi.org/phase-7 i loved working with them and the book sold pretty well, so when i finished basewood they offered to publish it.  it's a pretty weird situation to have a french edition of your work out there, but not an english one - especially because i don't speak french! you can read a slightly longer comics version of this story in phase 7 #014:  http://www.alec-longstreth.com/comics/p7_014/8/
this looks really great and interesting, but i have one question. how did basewood get published in french?
i have never read this comic but the art looked amazing and after reading more about it i had to back it. i am really excited to read this.
hi brad, thanks so much for backing the project!  once the funding period ends i will be able to send out a survey to all the backers (including you!)  this will have a section in it where you can select which basewood character you would like me to draw for you and which name you would like me to dedicate the book to.  let me know if you have any other questions!
just saw this and had to become a backer! looks so good.  i backed at the $40 dedication level, so where do i tell you which character for the sketch in the book? thanks
impressive determination !!! i just can't believe this it's really awesome :d
wow, i had never heard of hans jürgen press before.  i really enjoyed checking out his work.  i can see the similarity too.  thank you for the high complement and for backing this project.
i love your style! it reminds me of hans jurgen press. very cool project.
wow, thanks for this heartfelt comment, ulysses!  i agree that the best comics are creator owned.  i look forward to getting a copy of it into your hands!  :) marc, i'm glad to know you are enjoying phase 7 so far!
this is one of the most inspiring pieces of work ever to be created in the graphic medium. this is the kind of comic/graphic novel i love. it is not an ongoing story that is to be homogenized over the years by an nth number of writers, lovelessly manufactured month by month year after year. this story is the realization of a young artist's dream that has been meticulously forged page by page and tempered by alec's whole hearted dedication year after unrelenting year. i love creator owned comics because the work is actually the formation of the artist's vision, unbridled to the trite restrictions of a continuity that is not their own. basewood however, is more than just a creator owned comic, it is a dream that has been so fully realized that in every line of every panel on every page it still inspires in the reader that, even though the story is now tangible and real, it was born as a dream; a dream so vivid that it was never to be forgotten upon waking.
ive just read the first 3 chapters of phase 7 and its just so enjoyable to read. that part were you got burnt by the wind made me laugh. cant wait to get this book im going to eventually get them all lol. peace!!
thanks gang. i am absolutely humbled by everyone's support of this project.
congratulations, alec! this is so amazing.
there is a disturbing mash-up of the songs "we are the champions" and "baby got back(ers)" running through my head right now.  congratulations on blowing up the kickstartersphere!
congrats on hitting your goal so quickly, alec! this is just wonderful.
so excited to finally get my paws on this!
i know longer think of zz top when i see those long beards. i think basewood. good luck, alec. you are well on your way.
thanks everyone! it's been an amazing day so far.  hopefully we can keep this momentum going strong!
alec, i can't believe you are practically 50% backed! amazing! good luck man. basewood deserves a great format.
well on the way.  good luck.  looks great.
i just read phase 7 #017, which is all about weezer's blue album. i became an instant fan of alec's work-- his work is super thoughtful and put me in such a good mood! can't wait to see basewood!
go, alec, go!!!  off to a fabulous start!
