hey cliff, i love the product, still going strong, i have given one as a present and it went down a storm. i really want one of the pumps you are working on but can't give kickstarter and money as they are keeping their cut of money taken from a fraud project. can i buy one any other way? please privately message me. thank matt
@lokiracer - sorry for the lag in response. we're getting caught up on our emails. it sounds like you have an internal seal issue. i'll follow up with an email regarding some options. we'll get you taken care of.  thanks! - cliff
left amazon review and emailed you.  both have gone unanswered.  my taggiopro doesn't seal around presta valves.  i've set it to presta mode or whatever you call it and it just bleeds air.
not necessarily the most expensive thing i have backed, but by far the one that comes closest to "as advertised", and probably my most favorite backing to date. good job.
@mark auza - thank you for the great feedback. i am thrilled that you are happy with the product! :)
an honest review after a few months of using the pump head.  when i first received the pump, i really didn't like it as the spring was brand new which made one hand operation very difficult.  when i did try one hand operation i didn't have enough hand strength to push down the collar which caused all the air to escape and i ended up having to pump the tube up all over again.  even after trying to wear in the spring as the company suggested, it was still very difficult to just use one hand.  i had to use two hands which cancelled out one of the advertised advantages of the product.  this was very annoying and i wanted to put the old pump head back on. since the spring has worn in, one hand operation is now possible and the pump head works as intended.  it really is as easy as the video shows and i'm now very happy with the product.
@simcha d alon - great to hear!!! we love hearing the positive feedback. it makes it all worth it. thank you!  - cliff
i started using the pump and it's fantastic. worth every penny.
@t- sturgis thank you for supporting the project. we are thrilled to hear that you like the end result. you can get more at http://taggiopro.com. since you are a backer, you get a discount on additional units, email me at cliff@swoopproducts.com.
i finally gave my rapido pro a try this weekend. it works great. good job on the project. might have to pick up another one.
with the full pump, i find it difficult to get 100psi into my road bike tires. above 90psi i actually have to put all my weight on the handle (feet off the ground) and slowly "pulse" up and down. it's a fun balancing act, good thing i did gymnastics when i was a kid. but i guess a lower stroke volume pump would make the job easier.
@eric j. - awesome! sorry that we can't do much about the snow. :)
got my pump today and tested it out. works great. now i need some of the snow to go away...
@matthew bush - thanks!! that's great to hear that the taggio pro works so well for you. it makes all of those late night hours developing the product worth it when we get positive reviews.
@lim kay kheng - i am glad to hear that you found a solution that works best for your particular situation. thanks for backing us!
fantastic project. great product. cliff, you stand head and shoulders above the crowd and have demonstrated what other fail to deliver. well done. i love the product am an advocate for it. i will be advising all my work place cycling mail group of it and hope you get many orders. the very best to you and all the success of fully deserved.
received the pump head.. i think it will only be good one big wheels.. the head is too big.. bought lezyne pump with quick release head.. its so much better.. glad i had that.. else i couldn't pump...
@roy tse - thanks for the feedback. can you email us at info@swoopproducts.com so that we can get the details and help. thanks!
bought 2 pump heads and received them a few weeks ago and have been using them for a bit. recently the pump heads have not been sealing on the presta valve stems at all. with the collar down and locked, the stem just slides in and out. i think it's due to my bicycle pumps being stored inside my garage which is not temperature controlled and the cold may have impacted the rubber sleeve's grippiness. unfortunately i've had to switch back to my old pump head. if you guys have a workaround i'd love to hear it. thanks
i've used my new chuck - that's what i've always know them as even though i'm from the us, maybe it's because of my canadian parents :) - several times on both presta and schrader valves and am very pleased with it. it's easy to use and seals very well. i especially like how it doesn't exert downward pressure on the value stem when you slide it on. one of my bikes has somewhat deep rims and my previous chuck would tend to push the stem in when attaching and if the tire was low on air there wouldn't be enough stem left protruding to provide a good seal. i don't have this problem with your chuck. thanks for an innovative and useful product.
thank you for all of the excellent comments. i am thrilled that you are liking your taggio pro pump heads. the product would not have been possible without your ongoing support. more to come!! :) - cliff and team
excellent pump head. after playing with it for a while i was able to get the hang of it. much easier than what i've had in the past. no chance of cross threading anymore! thank you for a great product, well worth waiting for.
additional comment after reading down further comments: i've used nearly every single design of pump head (i prefer 'chuck', as i am english) on the market, and, if you refer to my previous comment, you'll see that i support cycle events as part of my job, and mechanic in shops some of the other time. we take track pumps to most events, and usually end up binning several afterwards, due mainly to user incompetence and carelessness in the application of them, which ends up destroying them. we've tried cheap ones, expensive ones, all different chuck designs, materials, etc. particularly hard-done-by are the pump chucks, which fail to seal after several day's use on a multi-day event, and most are not serviceable, or only in a minor way. even old-fashioned silca heads (rarely available nowadays), notoriously difficult to use once the rubber disc seal is worn, do not survive such treatment without multiple rubber replacements. i can see the advantages of this chuck straight away. however, that's not the point to this comment. the point is that those complaining about stiffness in application of the collar lock should look ahead several months and anticipate that this will free up by wearing in, not wearing out like the ones i have suffered for the past 20-odd years. that is one of its strengths. as i said before, get some technique. it's actually easier to use this head than any other. you don't even have to tap the valve stem to free it up once you've undone the stem nut, the chuck design does it for you.
just taken my old silca super pista on an event with the new rapido pro head fitted– a report on the experience: i only had one taiwanese pump with a standard 'smart head' fitted (won't say which brand but it was probably made by giyo) as a participant pump at my mechanic station, so gingerly put my own pump out for punters to use, and watched what happened; several people (road bikes) scratched their heads and went for the other pump, several attempted to use my pump, and asked for directions, most, once they had got the hang of the collar lock, got it right second time (other wheel), one or two got frustrated and deflated their tyres accidentally (which after a little tutorial from me got right usually), most said that it was a good design, and a few asked me where i got it from (supplied them with details, of course), and inbetween i used it myself on tube/tyre/spoke changes, and it worked well, even after a couple of dozen hamfisted attempts by participants to wrench it off valves without disengaging it, etc. which always wreck standard chuck seals after a while. so, mine has pumped up maybe 120 tyres now, and is still working well. yes, it needs a little technique to get it right the first couple of times, but that's no big deal. i'll do another update once it's done a few more of these events, and let you know how it's travelling. good work. and to the nitpickers? try a bit harder not to be hamfisted punters.
@rodrigo gomez - thanks for the feedback. we would greatly appreciate detailed feedback regarding your experience. can you provide it to info@swoopproducts.com?
not pleased with the end product, but at least i got something. i am glad that i installed it in my old pump. would not recommend this product, good luck in your next venture.
anyone install this on a joe blow max? the current head has a screw that you unscrew and there a plastic piece that you cant remove. you would have to cut the tube about an inch and then install this. if this taggio doesnt work, do you guys think i can reinstall the piece so i can use my old pump head? im still not convinced of the siding ring part. for the schrader setting, the ring moves up and down with ease. when in presta mode, i have to use both hands to slide it all the way down and clamp. seems like more trouble then to just use a normal head with lever.
got mine today but not tested them as yet
@maxstarter - thank you for the positive feedback. yes, it does take some getting use to since the design is so radically different from anything else out there. sorry about not including the clip, we had a few slip by us that for one reason or another didn't get the clip. all the best, - cliff
@eric moyer - is your presta valve threaded or not? also it may help to clean the valve stem off if there is any residual grease or dirt on it. if you continue to have issues, please send me an email at cliff@swoopproducts.com - thanks for the feedback!
got my taggio pro so here is my review: opening the box: general inspection and it looks and feels robust, so good.the box contained no retaining clip so i had to buy one, and fitted it on. use: pumped my bike tyres up today, both presta valves. it fitted ok to the longer valve without air loss, but the shorter one went flat on fitting. practice might improve this. currently using it is a two hand operation and i guess the more spokes your wheel has, the more challenging using it will be. inflating the tyre: it did make the job that much quicker, there was no air loss and i pumped my tyres up to 8bars. i left the head on at this pressure and i could hear no air loss and the needle did not drop back for the 20secs or so i left it. the pump head i used to use was old and performing poorly, making inflating the tyres a chore. overall this is going to be a big improvement
my head pops off my presta valves at 100psi. my slide ring is fully down and remains down even when it comes off. it also appears that anything above 80 psi seems leak and will pop off with even a slightest touch. it is clear the pressure is over coming the clamping strength of the seal.
@hans allis - i will send you a private message. thank you!
@clifton davies - #1 the pump head is not designed to work on vehicle schrader valves.  #2 on your bicycle schrader, how much stem is exposed? just the metal tip or a little more? can you check that the pin inside the head still has some spring to it by using a small phillips screwdriver of something similar to see if it springs up and down? the pin may be jammed if you tried to use it on a car tire first. please let me know. thank you.
i tried my first pump head today without success. in trying to use it on schrader valves the metal pump head pin does not reach the pin in the valve stem to allow air to go through. suggestions? i tried on both a bicycle and car tire with the same issue.
@cliff currie - i wouldn't widen the hose port itself, just the small opening at the far end of it. looking into the hose port, i can tell that up until that point it's pretty wide, but at the end it suddenly gets really tight. if i blow through it myself (without the hose attached), i notice that i can't blow as hard as when i try the same with the original head. i'm using a bbb air boost floor pump.
@hans allis - thanks for the feedback. i do not recommend drilling into the hose port because it could weaken the structure and result in it snapping off. can i ask what type of floor pump you are using? thanks!
i'm pretty happy about the product overall though. it seals around the presta valves properly and is a lot easier to use then the original pump head, which had a lever to create a seal.
as greg takacs pointed out earlier: "the air throughput of the head is abysmal and makes airing up the tire require a lot more effort than it should." i'm thinking of increasing by a little bit the hole where the air enters the center of the pump head. the part that goes into the hose has a sufficiently large diameter, but at the very end of that part near the center of the head there's a really small opening. cliff, do you reckon i could make that opening a little bit wider in order to get air to go through a bit easier?
@andew farkas - we double checked your survey, grey is what you selected. as for the hose clamps, double check the box, they're packaged separately from the heads but a bag of them should be in there. if you still cannot find them, email me at cliff@swoopproducts.com and we'll take care of you. thanks!
i just got my 10 pack order.   thanks for sending it out.  2 questions.  is gray the only color?  also should there have been hose clamps in the package?
i have just messed around a bit with my taggio pro and found that giving it a shot of teflon dry lube like (blaster from home depot) seems to smooth it out a lot. i'll let you know how it works out after the "exercise" recommended in the video.
hi everyone, we have sent out an update with some user tips via video. take a look and i hope this helps with some of the questions and comments here. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1087940162/the-rapido-pro-pump-head-for-bicycles/posts/1439638
do not cut your pump hose (as per the instructions) without first seeing if you can unscrew the existing head! on my aging park tool pump, i was able to completely remove the head without any cutting. a bit disappointed with the performance of the rapido head though. it's very hard to get on and by the time it's on you've lost all of your tire pressure. it fits a lot nicer than my 10-year-old old pump head, though, which has lost a lot of its rubber.
my pump went from carlsbad to bell gardens and i live in escondido. i could've picked it up from you guys.
sorry typical me, rtfm. i must have twisted the swivel when detaching from 1st tyre. all okay now.
@douglas pook - can you please send an email to cliff@swoopproducts.com with more detail regarding your second tire? is it presta? schrader? what psi are you looking to achieve? any info will be greatly appreciated and thank you for the feedback.
i received mine today. worked on first tyre, second tyre won't seal. piece of rubbish, good pump wasted.
i received mine today also. i noticed the same problem of the ring sticking and not returning to the original position. i was able to compress the ring and spring down then rotate the ring a few times trying to line up the ridges with the slots on the ring. i found a combination that worked great and it slides very well now. hope this helps
just got mine. and as others have mentioned, you need a lot of pressure to raise the ring. and the ring just hangs and doesnt slide back down. i havent actually tested it with a pump since im still at work.
as some already expressed, i'm rather underwhelmed with the performance of the pump head. it's a pain to put it on a presta valve but that's not even the saddest part. the air throughput of the head is abysmal and makes airing up the tire require a lot more effort than it should. overall i'm glad i got a product but on amazon it would get a 2 star review from me...
just got my pump head yesterday and got it installed. while i love he kickstarter project and the fort put into it, my initial thought on the product is a little underwhelming. as others have mentioned, it seems to look/feel cheaper now that it's all plastic and is definitely not a single handed operation (main reason i purchased). i got it pushed onto the stem initially fairly easily, but by the time i gave up trying to push it in with just one hand, and used both, i finally got it in place on my presto bike, by then the tire was flat.  it gets stuck on its final cm push. resistance on shradder seems a lot less making it easier, but i didn't buy it for that.  while i'm disappointed in the end product, i felt like the campaign was well run, everything was communicated and while testing sounded thorough, the timeline must not have allowed for enough. :( overall thanks guys for a strong campaign and an innovative (although really two-handed) pump valve. looking forward to future improved releases.
hi everyone.. sorry for the delayed responses. we are full force shipping right now to make sure everyone gets their pledge reward asap. today is the last day of shipping. tomorrow we will address questions and feedback that backers have. thank you!
is it possible to randomly select 2-3 different colour pump heads, and post a video of them in use for quality control purposes. just to inform and demonstrate them in use?
i just receive the pump head today but, very disappointing how come the whole structure become plastic..?? from your picture is machine out of metal at the spring retractable portion :( and it get stuck every time, not smooth and hard to retract. not precision...
i have the same problem as david odom, and others. it binds and requires excessive force to insert and release when used with presta valves. i tried using it multiple times and it didn't loosen up at all. i only have presta valves. i've had to swap it out already since it is unusable for me.
i am having the same problem as nickt. schrader is fine and works as promised. presta mode does not work as described. two hands with a considerable amount of force is required. i have rotated it across every position combination and all presta mode points create the issue. i would be concerned about engaging this with adjacent aero bladed spokes if i lost grip from the effort. from my view it appears that the engagement with the the side "ribbing" is very tight in presta mode. i am concerned that this will ultimately cause damage to the unit much less that you can not operate it with one hand. also depressing the top piece occasionally causes it to rotate out of alignment with the particular setting. that one isn't a big deal but i thought i would mention it. i originally reported this issue via your contact page at the website, but i have not received an acknowledgment or response.
just got the pump head and am loving it!  attached easy to my existing floor pump and nice hands free action on my road bike presta stem.  i hope you guys are going to get more soon / before christmas! are you going to sell on amazon?
@rob brewster we can send out tracking info to those that request it. once your reward is sent we'll send you a tracking #.
any way to get some tracking info on the shipping?
@thor johnson - sure, we will have additional units available for purchase after all of the kickstarter backers have received theirs. i'll be sure to update you with more info. - thanks!
@marcus salles - if you do not mind, can you send an email with specifics to cliff@swoopproducts.com? thank you!
i got mine in australia today.very disappointing   the presta doesn't work!!
@thor johnson - thanks for the question. we did not design the head to work with vehicle schrader valves. some vehicle schrader valves will be to wide to work with the taggio pro head because they are heavier duty (thicker). this is why you are having issues getting the slide ring to lock into place on a car, but not on the bicycle. thank you for the feedback!
is there a way to keep the valve actuator down more?  mine's really up in there (i think that's why the car tire stem is really in there for air to flow).....
mine arrived in atl, ga over the weekend; comments: 1. no tracking number unless you request it (fine by me!) 2. has a cheapie hoseclamp for the hose.  i'll be using a screw actuated one. 3. you have to select shraeder or presta (pull up and turn the ring) and my complaints: it seems like i have to push this way down on the valve (using schraeder on a car tire) -- so much so  that it won't grip on (it's not gripping the threads at this point; it's gripping the valve stem which someone put armor all on so it shines [but makes it slick]).  it does seal if you hold it in place (i was hoping it would lock). you have to exercise it in the presta position -- it needs to wear in.  not a major complaint. pretty slick.  for some reason my front tire is presta, and my back tire is schraeder (or the other way around) and i'm tired of fiddling with little brass adapters. when/how can i buy more (one for my co2 inflator for on-bike, one for my ryobi compressor)?
@kyle morgan - yes, if you want your tracking number, please send an email to cliff@swoopproducts.com . thanks!!!
are you sending shipping confirmations?
@jim k wait for a few more testers before making a judgement. claiming not to be able to find ways of contacting other than this forum, is not a valid review. there is kickstarter messaging, a taggio facebook page and an email address a short scroll down this page.
two recipients comment, both have 'issues' after a lot of r&d and testing.  that is a bit concerning.
@joel brown - hi joel, i am sorry to hear that you are not happy with your pledge gift. we cannot offer refunds because the product has been built and delivered, but i would greatly appreciate your feedback as to why you are not happy with it. perhaps it is something we can help with. email me directly at cliff@swoopproducts.com - thanks! - cliff
i received my rapido pro a few days ago and tried it the first time tonight. i found it does not work well and would like to request a refund. i posted this here because i could not find any other way to contact you.
thanks for the update. hope to get my pump head soon. it's a chore that i hope will be made easier upon its arrival
@maxstarter - we are releasing in waves. the next wave will start shipping on tuesday of next week. i will update everyone soon with more detail. thanks for hanging in there. production is working hard to catch up with demand.
have you dispatched all the pump heads, or just some of them. haven't had a tracking reference
@nickt - hi nick, thanks for the quick feedback. can you send me a photo of where it is hanging up? it should most certainly not be taking two hands to install. you can send the photo to cliff@swoopproducts.com - thanks!
just got mine in. the schrader actuation seems fine but the presta one i can definitely not do single-handed. it hangs on the top lip, and then needs two hands to snap it into place along the bottom.
thanks for the quick response.  please let us know when they begin shipping.
@dave pekala - we are locking down the addresses today and beginning the process. there was a slight delay in the heads, but they are on an airplane to california and will be here very soon. expect the first shipments to be sent out within the next 48-72 hours.
has shipping begun?
@rosalee vb - best to do it on the website. from what we can tell, the app doesn't have that function. thanks!
is there a way to check my address from my phone kickstarter app?
hi, i was wondering if it is possible for you to ship it directly to me in new zealand, instead of me having to get it forwarded here from the us?
@travis austin: you too are a funny guy ...
@alex kaufman : you're a funny guy alex. do you ever read the comments and update answers? if not, don't be that lazy ... and read at least 'till the comments of october16 ... happy reading.
color looks very different than the original design.  now with the head being all one color vs having black or silver accents.  would be nice to be able to change color.  i know its a cost/logistics thing.  just wanted to let you know in case this becomes possible.
i would like to verify my address as you requested in your most recent email, but i don't know where to do that. please tell us where to verify our shipping address. thanks.
where is the survey to change my address?
is it too late to order more?
does the pump head come with a c clip to secure it to an existing pump?
has shipping begun? i can't wait to get it!!!!
well done guys. looks like you did it!
any news or updates? thanks!
@lokiracer you're welcome.
@gyro thanks, that worked.
@lokiracer;  1) choose the "campaign" tab. 2) head over to the pledge you choose and click on it. 3) on top of the 'pop up' you can change your addresss. success!
still trying to get someone from this campaign to let me know how to update my shipping address.  can someone please contact me?
i guess they missed the update because they are having a hard time preparing everything by now.
@matt gillespie: i'll let you know when your advice is asked for. if it's a habit in america that you don't fullfill your promises in a reasonable time you're 100% right.
wow!  one friday without an update!!!  yes, they missed one friday update where every other friday there has been an update, and some of you go off the deep end! if this is you, you need to go and try to understand what kickstarter is. i for one am very happy with this campaign.  i have backed quite a few others and none have updated their backers (we're not investors) on a regular basis like this one! keep up the good work cliff and crew, i'm looking forward to a great product as soon as it is 100% ready, no sooner!
my god, somebody refund this guys money so he'll quit crying about it.  you want a guaranteed purchase, head over to walmart. i dont mind waiting longer if it ensures that defects are going to be reengineered...  in the end we get a much more solid product.  no one knows all of the hiccups these ks campaigns have to deal with.
@dan wright- i'm an etrepreneur myself, so you don't have to teach me how it all works (although i don't mind you try), i do understand how it works. as i said before these three guys are doing a great job informing us about the state of the project (what they are doing with our money). that does not mean that it's forbidden to say that they are waaaaay over their own made deadline (remember i said i can cope with a working endproduct by the end of this year). it doens't mean either that a kickstarter has the right to set up a campaign and after that can run away with the money and send his backers some crap. that's is exactly what buhel did (and they guaranteed 100% refund ...) i did not say that cliff & co. are acting the same as buhel did, only i keep a closer eye on what's happening with my money after the buhel saga. that's the real world dan, and these people are real too so we have the right to say it. i know cliff&co learn out of that and will be cautious the next time they make a new product. it isn't meant to break these guys down, only 6 month's later as promised is a lot of time. i know we eventually will get the endproduct and i hope they make a lot of money out of it. (and we never have to buy another pump head again ;-p ). regards, ronny.
@dan wright, agreed 100%!
@lokiracer, @gyro, etc. – do you actually understand what kickstarter is and how it works? you're investing in something that doesn't exist yet, you are not buying a product. if your investment works out, you get your rewards. generally, they work out. however, not always on time and not always exactly in the original form, because that's the nature of an investment. you want something in its finished form with a guaranteed ship date? go order from amazon. if you can't handle the uncertainly and delays don't back kickstarter campaigns. i think this campaign has been doing a great job keeping us posted, and the sorts of delays encountered are totally reasonable in the process of developing a new product. keep up the good work.
@lokiracer- i agree in most things you state, but unfortunately there is nothing we can do about the postponing delivery dates. i follow the buhel campaign every day because they ripped me too (not working as advertized and waaay to late) and nobody is able to get his money back, although you can see in that campaign that buhel promised a full refund if they delivered after the promised delivery date. kickstarter is  trying to escape from resposibility  there too, although they didn't set up this website for our beautiful eyes i guess... kickstarter is earning money here and has a responsibility too! they should manage the pledged money, strengthen their rules and check if the creators obey these rules. if not, kickstarter has the ability to refund the backers and stop fraudulent creators. now they do nothing but filling their pockets with a part of our money.
@gyro i don't care with the campaign creators have a personal life.  i'm fine with that.  i'm not fine with campaigns that present pledges as basically ready to go to market, then spend the next 5 months "redesigning."  along with these campaigns, it's a common trend to ignore requests for a hard ship date. zero percent of the blame for us complaining falls on us.  100% of the blame falls on the campaign creators.  they set the deadlines, we provide the funds.  it's as simple as that. i wish people would stop being apologists for campaigns that miss their deadlines.  it's not acceptable and shows poor business management.  if backers were a bank, these campaigns would be ruined.  banks aren't going to care why you aren't shipping product.  they are going to initiate proceedings.
@mark horner from a (so called) whiner: i don't want to start a battle here, but actually we're not complaining, we're keeping an eye on this project. cliff & co. are doing a great job, but i think they sleep at night and do their usual things just like we all do. the hard work is done in the far east at the moment. i guess and hope they don't see these comments as a treat (they are smart and educated guys), but as an ecouragement to keep the "pressure" on things. if you are like me and many others here that had a few scam-projects (look at the buhel project), you want to know what happens with the money you invested ( to make others rich, hopefully ;-p ) and get in return what is promised within a reasonable time. i don't mind if it's later, but there are limits. and all we do is remind them of that. spoken of whiners : here is not the place for political critcism but i respect your opinion, just as you best respect other's opinions.
to the whiners in this comments section, may i say, please, stop it? what do you think cliff and his crew are doing? playing gin rummy on company time? they are working as hard as possible to get this out, in an excellent design, in a durable format, and this takes time, sometimes large, unexpected chunks of it. i design furniture, out of wood, and even in this forgiving material there are always problems to be solved before you make more than one of them. so, deal with your incipient princess syndrome by, maybe, helping out at a local charity or soup kitchen, and direct your currently misdirected pique at, perhaps, the u.s. state department, who insist on bombing countries with drones, then wringing their hands at the refugees that this tactic produces.
i would like to increase my order . but the campaign page is not allowing it. please tell me how to go about doing so.       nice looking result in video----congratulations-----aew
@lokiracer - thanks for the comment. stay tuned. big update coming tomorrow with dates and a few other things. - cliff
@creator "everything is going as planned" if this were true, backers would have received their pledges on time, months ago.  please tell us the exact date of the next update.  i need to setup a reminder to check on this campaign and if it isn't going to deliver, file for a chargeback. @cliff just file for a chargeback via your credit card.  tell them you preordered a product that was not delivered and you have been told by the company that they don't know when it will be delivered.  you'll have you cash back in a few minutes.
thanks for the answer cliff. as i can count well, meeting end of september is probably end of production end of october and delivery +/- three weeks later in europe. nearly perfect for a christmas present. as long as we don't cross the 2015-2016 line it's all right for me, but i can imagine people get a bit nerveous. from may till november is a delay of 6 months ...
@gyro @ron taylor - thank you for the comments. we will have a better idea regarding a final ship date fairly soon. i will be traveling to taiwan on september 22nd to meet with the production team and verify that everything is going as planned. regarding refunds - that is certainly something we would consider if we were not able to deliver a product, however, you will receive the selected gift for your pledge level. i do apologize for the delay in the schedule, all of the delays are a result of our commitment to making a great product. thanks for your continued support. your contributions made this innovation possible.
+1 for the schedule delay. in the latest updates you said end of august would be (again most probably) the definite date. in update 26 there is no sign of a final shipping date ... give us the final date on which the pump and heads will be sent out to your backers please as it seams you did the final tests now. good luck with final production and deliveries.
cliff, understandable that there will be some delays, but your delivery schedule has moved from may and you have missed all the delivery dates that you have announced. we are now almost in september, 4 months after the original date. are you willing to provide a refund for those of us that do not want to wait any longer?
thanks for the update.
i greatly appreciate the excellent, informative, and regular updates. a++, would kick again.
@cliff- the estimated delivery dates may be way off (as usual like it is in all projects here), but all respect and appreciation for you guys keeping your backers posted about what is going on! i really hoped to have the heads at home before being on vacation, but that will be for a next occasion. happy vacations for
@sinai yitzhak - thanks for asking, right now we're looking at mid to late august if everything stays on track. we do have some production part testing to complete. expect to see a more detailed update tomorrow. thanks again!
looking forward to getting this. my current pump head is pretty shot, and it's either replace it or the whole pump. i need reliable tyres!
hi cliff can you please update the estimated shipping time? will it be this july? thanks
@john stahl , having it in positions other than the 6'oclock shouldn't be an issue. the seal is very strong. thanks for the question.
hi cliff, if the presta is at the 12 o'clock position, does the pump head seal.  if used at a position other than the 6 o,clock is the pump head equally reliable/durable since the weight of the pump hose is hanging on the pump head.   older persons may want to fill their tires without bending down.
hi cliff, any photo's on the shelve of where you are in the development process please? i read the last update, but 4 to 6 weeks without any news is a bit boring ... . keep up the pace! (and post every two weeks to keep your backers happy ;-p ). ronny.
@mark - it kind of exists for a co2 pump. google "cordo co2 jetvalve". the only thing is you have to push that head on the valve to release some co2, but i have one and it works flawlessly.
i'm a +1 on using this technology for a portable pump, or a co2 inflator head, i wonder how it would work tho?
@colin lacy - you got it, thanks for the update!  cliff
nevermind. figured it out. go to the campaign tab, scroll down to my reward and click your response then edit the address.
if i've got an address update how would i submit that? thanks!
@cliff - i hope you know someone with two right feet and the same measure :-)). i always have a small pump and 2x co2 cartridges at hand. glad i could help out some other fellow cylists from time to time.
@gyro - yes, and two left feet. :)
@ cliff, you don't have two left hands do you?  ;-p
@anthony bonanno - yes, i hear you! i had a flat yesterday about 23 miles from my house. lost half the air in my c02 cartridge just trying to get onto the presta valve.
fought with my current pump head so much today i thought about using my portable pump.  then i thought, wouldn't it be nice to have a portable rapido?!  how about your next kickstarter be a portable pump? after this one, i am anxiously waiting for the shipment notification!
@chris skinner - i don't advise using it on a car tire as we have not tested or designed it for that particular application. in the near future, we will get a chance to test that application in the lab to see the results in a safe environment.  thank you!
i'm curious as to whether you've done large air volume testing. while i can certainly get use out of the rapido pump head for bicycles, i'm most interested in trying it out on my jeep's tires. they only have to be inflated to about 25psi, but at 35" in diameter, they hold a lot of air. most pump heads get very hot by the time i'm done filling up 4 tires. will the rapido stand up to this kind of wear and tear?
@cliff, what i saw was the date of the last comment (may 11), your update was indeed may 15. looking forward to next announcements and quick development of the endproduct.
@gyro - thanks for the comment. i did publish an update on the 15th regarding progress. there will be a new update coming this week. we're finalizing some testing and have an announcement. stay tuned! thanks!
it's so quit here, are there any updates cliff? we are 15 days later ... we don't want updates every day, but once a week or two weeks would not harm to keep your backers happy. thank you.
@psycho - it is likely air trapped under the slide ring that released after being submerged for a few minutes. the seal is very solid. thanks for the comment.
i did notice in you last video update there was an errant bubble or two leaving the pump head/valve juncture. did this occur during pumping?
hi cliff,  your team are engineers and cyclists,  so will be exacting on the quality of the product; just thought independent testing would be interesting. if there is a list of publications it will appear in,  i'll look out for them.
@maxstarter - yes, we have several bike magazines lined up to test the production units. do you have any recommendations for particular publications or sites where you would like to see it reviewed? thanks!!
will  you be inviting cycle magazines to independently test the rapido? line up a variety of bikes and valves. make a great video
@rene muro - hello, check your messages inbox, i answered your question on april 3rd. if you have not received it, i'll send it again. thank you!
cliff just touching base to see if you had received my email. thanks  rene muro
@rene muro i'll answer you in a message. thanks for reaching out.
perhaps this questions has already been answered but will there be another survey coming our way?  i've already answered the color choice survey but i've pledged $108 for a complete system in addition to the retrofit heads.  in the current survey i was not asked for my color choice of the additional heads. is there anything else that i need to do? thank you.
@bill o'dwyer - thanks for question. go to http://rapidopro.com and sign up for the newsletter to be notified when we have pre-orders available. thanks again!
@andrew carter - thanks! i'll take a look at that, though their development schedule could conflict with ours.
i wonder if the tko snap clamp. will work on this.
hi folks, congrats on the successful funding, a well deserved project.  is it possible to add an additional valve to my order, a bit of confusion in the camp as to who wanted one ! thanks bill
fully funded! yay!!!
this will be an outstanding addition to my craftsman cordless inflator! can't wait to use it.
@maxstarter thank you! if you use it, you'll love it.
pumping up tyres is a pain. looks like you've made it a lot easier
@paul - thanks for the suggestion, and you are right, that's a slick color, perhaps it is something we can do in the future.   thanks!!
so, i'm in!  probably late in the game for requests/suggestions, but i see my new pump head going on my silca pista.  sacrilege, i know, but i've always been happy with the pump and unhappy with the brass chuck.  anyway, the pump is the classic bianchi color, celeste, and that would be a great pump head color option.  just my $0.02.  glad the project is going well.
@cycle girl - thanks for the question. we're shooting for delivery to backers by july. thanks!
@creator my team and i are very excited to receive the rapido pro pump head for use in our race late this summer. what does the timeline look like?
@jerry sorry that i don't have an answer for you, we are looking at a number of options but have not selected one yet. thanks for your support.
@creator what a time to go silent 18 hours to go. 18 hours can not wait until tomorrow anybody looking for an early bird to open up here it is i am out
creator within the next week or so will be to long. your project ends in 44 hours guess that 17 dollar pump i saw at wallmart yesterday will be the one to get
@creator thank you, i've changed my pledge.
@david - thank you for the feedback. i will look into a few of these options.
@brandon - we have not tested it on a tubeless. the minimum length that you will want on a valve to create a good seal will be around 15mm.
i must say i am not thrilled with using a gear clamp on the molded in hose barb. i pinch clamp (1 or 2 ear) would look a little neater and not be as big. i still prefer the thread on hose ferule and barb or even a crimped hose. that would look more professional. if the head was tapped with an npt thread we would then have some choices about how we connect it to our existing hose. or we could even get a new hose.
has it been tested on tubeless mountain bike valve stems which sometimes tend to be a bit shorter than tube stems?
@jerry  thanks for the comment. we are looking at a few options for the hose clamp, we'll have more information on that within the next week or so. regarding including a few feet of hose, that could be a possibility. stay tuned and happy friday!
@creator any chance you could have a head with a two foot piece of hose on it with one of the black clamps in most of your pictures instead of having to use one of those screw clamps they are unprofessional looking and if i have to use one i would like it not to be by the pump head where it will likely cut someones hand. ill cut the hose of my pump near the base and make a connection their
hello gregoire,  i am not sure why it changed from one to the other. kickstarter has been a little wonky with tech glitches this last week. however, if you ordered the complete pump pledge internationally, then yes, that sounds right. the shipping for the pump is $85 everywhere outside of the us because of the size of the package.
my shipping has somehow changed from 25$ to 85$ shipping.  thats a 59$ pledge + 85$ shipping... is there something wrong with the site today, or should i just back out, as i believe the 144$ final cost to me is too much for this item.
@adam  - am a canadian backer.  find the new shipping quite expensive too.
@creator example i backed for 25 dollar level but enter $100 then you send me 4 units simple and shipping for 1 or for 4 is the same. that is how most kick starters work anyhow.
@creator kick starter changed the rule about multiple rewards a long time ago usually you just back a level and put extra money on the pledge check with yancey he will take the money no matter how its pledged
hey there!  just another canadian hoping for a shipping alternative.  with free shipping to the usa, $25 just doesn't make sense.  you may have to ship from california to new york for free or from california to bc for $25.  just thought it was worth mentioning as there are lots of bikers in canada who i'm sure would love your product but at double the price it's a tough sell.  regardless i wish you all the best with your campaign!!!
@andrew farkas - we have tested the current prototype on a short presta valve stems with less than 16mm of exposed valve and it functions fine. we have a new prototype in the works and have redesigned the inner seal to have even more staying power so i suspect improved performance, but we have not tested it yet. thank you.
hi kevin,  it will be a simple adapter, not an entirely new valve head. thanks for your question and comment.  cliff
the prospect of an npt connection version available for purchase later and no change to what the supporters get kinda makes me want to reduce my pledge.  i want to support this but its not cool when the supporters don't get the full featured product.
is there a minimum valve height that the pump head will fit onto?
hi kevin,  your request is a popular one. i am working with the team to come up with a quality solution. it won't happen before the end of the campaign, but it's something that we will work to make available through our website after all of our backers are taken care of. thank you for the comment.
i'd like to add another vote for a 1/4" npt connection.  it opens up the connection possibilities to anything and everything.  i'd love to be able to thread a quick-connect coupler onto this and be good to go without messing with annoying hose clamps.  those that would still like to connect using a hose clamp can thread in a barbed fitting.
hello ralph,  thank you for your inquiry. unfortunately kickstarter only allows one pledge per backer. however, what some backers have done has been to create a second user account. you could get the complete pump system and an extra head by doing this.  please let me know if you have any other questions,  best,  cliff
if i get the kit, can i add additional heads?  and if so, how much for each additional head?
i agree, i would instantly switch my pledge if we had a 1/4"npt option.
any plans for a pump head for portable pumps
hello marc,  we have received this request from several people. we are looking into it. stay tuned!  thank you,  cliff
it would be very useful to have a version of the head with a 1/4" ntp female fitting for the hose attachment. then i could just attache it to my existing shop air system without the a band clamp. as mentioned before, having a head on a 3' or 1m hose with a standard crimped on fitting where the head attaches then a 1/4' ntp male fitting on the other end would be nice.
hi sean,  we're experimenting with both. currently it's metal, that being said, before we actually ship the production version, we will perform extensive life testing on a number of units verifying performance under different stress variable like heat/cold/humidity and repeated use.   thanks for the question!
hi cliff, i can appreciate the 'secret sauce'. is the pin that pushes in the schraeder valve metal or plastic? plastic always breaks after a while.
hello jean-stefane,  thank you for your comment. if you do find a reasonably priced mail forwarder, please let me know. i would very much appreciate it. please send any correspondence to rapidopropump@gmail.com
@creator - great product but very disappointing shipping charge to canada! considering that shipping to the u.s. is free, all packaging and handling is already accounted for. the shipping cost should be the difference/additional amount over and above. given this, $25 seems unreasonable. i will either cancel my pledge or use a mail forwarding service.
@sean - thank you for the follow up. to answer your question, there is replaceable rubber seal.  regarding the exact internals,  there is some secret sauce in there that we have worked extremely hard on and wish not to disclose the specifics until production is complete. thank you for the questions.
hi cliff, any chance you can address my questions from way earlier? i see you have answered questions that was posted after mine - maybe you missed mine?
hi jerry,  you do not need a fancy caliper for to measure, an ordinary ruler or tape measure should do the trick. if you have a standard measuring device, you can use this table to do your conversions. http://www.metric-conversions.org/length/millimeters-to-inches-table.htm
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
i love bikes, i've been filling them since i've been young.
@mike bates also on the video that you have posted it shows the black knob you screwed off and on my pump has a metal clamp that looks like it was pressed on all the screwing in the world don't let it budge. and do you supply us with that fancy caliper for measuring the hose?
@mike bates even though you say it's easy it would help if you posted the video for all of us who ask. is that really so hard to do if it is truly a two minute process than you should only have to post a two minute video! also your pictures show a cheap screw hose clamp it would be preferable if the replacement nozzle came with a three foot hose attached as my curent pump needs a hose, and having that cheap type clamp on the nozzle end of the hose could possibly cut ones hand if the screw tab gets bent out. but just my thoughts on making your project better
hello leeor,  please check update #2 on the campaign for a video with a description of the process. mike - thank you for helping out.
attaching any new head to your current pump is simple.  remove the old head.  for many pumps, this means cut the hose close to the old head.  slip the metal hose clamp over the hose and slip the open hose end over the input barb of the new head.  position the hose clamp and tighten.  it should take two minutes or less.
this looks amazing and such a useful product for all bikers!  but can you please send pictures and a video as well as instructions on how to attach to our current pumps.  thanks!
i just backed it. so do you have an video demonstrating and explaining how to replace our existing bike pump heads with the rápido pro pump?
i would also have to say that international shipping is very expensive. i had received many items, also some from crowdfunding projects, which didn't cost as much in shipping. so it is clearly possible. i would suggest you keep looking for other options. for such a small item handling and material are negligible. at $ 50 incl. shipping it also exceeds some limits for customs/taxes.
thank you tom and yes, the best value is to buy 2. thank you for feedback!
hi cliff i don't of course, but the shipping charged on many other us-based kickstarter projects i've backed has been less for similarly-sized and larger items: e.g. coffee-grinder $15; leather belts $15; bicycle bell $15. ok, some have been in the $25 bracket, but these have been higher-ticket items so the shipping doesn't seem disproportionate. i guess the answer would be to buy two!
hi tom,  if you have a source for shipping to the u.k. for that much, it would be great to see who it might be since our cost was the lowest we could find. our shipping includes the packaging materials, preparation and handling. thank you!
hi great idea, and i'm in, but at the $1 level while i check with you... $25 to ship to the uk??? $10 would be normal for an item this size, so how come so much? tom
oh, and i see you ship to australia, but i'm in new zealand. in my eyes no difference. you thinking of shipping here as well?
hi guys, i need more info on the internals of the pump head. more close up and internal photos would also be appreciated. maybe some engineering cut-away diagrams indicating the different parts? is there a rubber gasket - if so, how long would this last? is it replaceable? for schraeder applications there needs to be a pin to push the tube valve in to open the valve. is this pin in the pump head metal or plastic? all my pumps have plastic and this is where they all fail to last. i want to get some of these, but until i'm satisfied with the engineering internals, i'm only backing with the minimal  $1. cheers!
hi carrie, we have added a new pledge of $49 for 2 heads. i hope this helps. - cliff
if i wanted to receive multiple pump heads, i'm assuming that i simply multiple my pledge by the number i want?
@pacomius that is awesome! i am glad rapido may work for you. one of the reasons i invented the product was because i broke some fingers and it made airing up my bike tires very painful. i am also a supporter of the challenged athlete foundation where rapido may have a use. thank you for the feedback!
something you may not have considered is its use by wheelchair users. as a quadriplegic, i have limited hand function, yet am particularly reliant on having my tyres always properly inflated. this could make a big difference to my independence.
great solution for a problem i have had numerous times. between my high end bikes and family bikes, i never seem to have the right attachment. all in one, easy process. good luck guys and i look forward to receiving my rapido pro head.
