hey mike! any idea when things will be shipped to backers?? had hoped to get it before it's general release.
where are you at with this project? i have not received my $25. its been 2 years?
saw on facebook that we should check junk folders. nothing.  please resend any monday 3/17 emails. jja
hey- where do things stand with the record?? hope to hear an update soon.
hello mike, please could you update us the current state of the project? thank you!
hi mike, just checkin' in to see if the rewards packages will be sent any time soon. i was hoping to get them a few months ago but i know you've been busy....just wanted to give the handwritten lyrics to someone for a christmas present.
hi mike- any updates?? looking forward to new music and the dvd. how about coming back to northeast ohio too!!
hey mike - i never received my t-shirt or my album. did you finish this project?
hey mike - any update? looking forward to it!
hey mike any new news????
update appreciated.  good luck on the record deal.  looking forward to hearing the new music!!
hey mike, no news since february.  can you give us an idea of when the record will be released to the kickstarter folks?
hey mike!  thanks for the update! can't wait to hear the new cd.  have fun!
brother, we all do what we can so that you can do what the lord put in you to do. thanks for working so hard at it.
i have been listening to mike as long as i can remember.....following as far as i could go! mike....your music is absolutely incredible and thank you sooooo much for what you have given to all of us!
the power of the holy spirit moves and stirs in your music and voice like no other "christian" music i have ever heard...i have always loved blues for being real like no other music; but yours adds the depth of the gospel to the reality of blues, making it 3-d and all others flat and only 2-dimensional...just like what we all thought was life, without the lord...from the 1st time when i was not just blown away but knocked down, still every time, just closing my eyes and hearing your god-given music and voice brings chills and tears...
my wife beth + i were 2 of the few who were blessed to hear you last year in prescott, az where, unbeknown to few but our father, you proved your integrity and earned respect by going to great lengths and personal expense to honor an old, easily forgotten promise... may the lord continue to bless you and keep you, may he make his face shine on you, may he lift his countenance to you, and give you peace, and all those with whom he unites you to make your music, his precious, priceless gift to you...and to all of us through you...
i first heard your music on delbert's cruise.  i was grieving the loss of my husband of 28 years. for the first time, i imagined him in heaven "singin shoutin the good news", rather than lying in a cold dark grave.  thank you, bless you and know that my family and i will always support you and your music.
hey mike just saying that my birthday is july 11th...praying for more $$$$$$$$
praise the lord!!  i have been praying that you would be able to make a new album to share your wonderful style of music. you are unique and i am so happy that you will be able to share your heart and talent. god bless
cheers mike...looks like you are once again on your way. thanks for your help keeping me off the lonely road;  "there's no doubt in my mind where in this world i would be!" i "ain't ever going back" to where i was before, but i will be coming back to one of yours shows! hope to see you in nashville soon enough. best spiritual regards, doug
looking forward to your new music!   all the best, merle and debbie
love, love the music.  loved the concert at lake forest this winter.  please come again!!!!!!  finally a way for me to truly "thank you" for the music you share with all of us that speaks specifically to my soul and can always lift me higher!!!!!
i'll take you there!   wish i could do more!  best of luck to you and the band, but truly we are the lucky ones!
mikes music has been such a blessing to my husband and i ever since the first night we heard him on pbs.  thanks mike for giving your all to help others, learn of the greatest gift of all. "the love of god"
robert & i are so blessed to be able to contribute to your next musical endeavor! selfish reasons ... maybe a bit as your music moves our souls like none other. thru god's grace all things are possible! i hope you realize from this outreach how many lives you truly uplift with your god given talent. peace, love & grace to you & your family thru this musical journey, robert & lisa shapiro :-)
2 of my best music friends saw you last summer up in cain park in cleveland, and they were knocked out. 4 or 5 of us all got the ''salvation and lights'' cd unbeknownst to each other, only to all be talking about the same cd and telling each other ''i got something you gotta hear''!  looks like you'lve gone over your target; save some of that extra $$ to gas up the bus and make a drive to columbus, ohio for a live show!
i love mike farris' music, but even more than that i respect mike farris--the child of god! i can't say how many times mike's music has gotten me through some rough patches and how it has been a balm to my heart when it was wounded...but it's been a bunch of times! :) thanks, mike for heeding your call and letting us all be a part of it! ~shay
