sauce is great!  it would be great to see it marketed on touch of modern.  they have sold sauces. https://www.touchofmodern.com/sales/bravado-spice-co-b8ca8650-178b-4f7e-a81e-d3a11324fedb
joseph, glad to hear you enjoyed the sauce. thanks for your support.
great sauce with a little heat. i ordered the number 3.
my bottle of #5 arrived today, thank you!
jon, put me at the back of the list to get a shipment, i don't need any rush on this. my mission is to give the world less stress, not more!
joseph, as mentioned in update #7 the classification of our product as acidified initiated some additional regulatory requirements that have delayed production. while the campaign initially targeted nov for deliveries, we have been forced to push that back. the good news is that our final inspection with the department of agriculture is scheduled for next week and we should be clear to make sauce after that if all goes well. thank you for your patience.
when can we expect shipment of the product? in the project it was stated that mid to late november.
woot! that was close. thanks so much everyone for your support. we are pumped to get started! stay tuned for updates and backer reward surveys.
woohoo!!  congratulations!  excited to see where you guys take this from here.
congratulations jon and brett!!! mark and i are so excited your kickstarter is a success!
wow, that was a last second campaign. i can not wait. best wishes
well done. i look forward to my sauce. yum!
thanks sam, we're really close. it is humbling to see the support you guys are giving us. thank you.
good luck gentlemen
all the spice girls and boys are supporting your project :)
thanks for the fb share joseph! we use spices rather than salt (none added) to make our sauces pop.
just signed up for two 5 oz bottles and shared on my fb account. i like that the sodium content is next to nothing with only 32mg per bottle. great news for people who limit their sodium content.
thanks koren, good to see you are ready to take the challenge.  now spread the word!
i'm in. looking for a tongue burn!
thank you for the support and kind words steve!  we are confident that once anyone tastes our sauces, they will agree with you. we are running tight with our funding target and we ask for everyone's help in pushing the campaign over the finish line!
i have tasted the sauce and it is good. fantastic, actually! the culinary engineers at sauce science know their business. i have enjoyed prototypes of this spicy concoction over the last few years and witnessed its evolution into fiery masterpiece you see before you today. i use it liberally on eggs, pizza, brats, and underwhelming chinese takeout. hope this thing gets funded so the rest of the world will know the pleasure and pain of this exquisitely crafted hot sauce.
we hope so too andrew!  thanks for the support.
hope this thing gets funded. looking forward to new and exciting hot sauces!
thanks for the support milo, here is a relative ingredient list ordered by weight from our label: vinegar, carrots, hot peppers,   brown sugar, molasses,  onion,  garlic, spices, u235 (preservative)
yay minnesota! and yay hot sauce! i would like to see at least a generic ingredient list by quantity of ingredient. even if it's as simple as: peppers vegetables vinegar spices
