@dubois i have also tried to contact him for a long time and he doesn't answer. :(  feel free to email me directly and we can talk about next steps. thanks  chris
i never receive the gripmat. it's frustrating. i contact you and you send me to contact the gripmat guy. i contact him and never receive answer. i think my money is loose...
@adam - emailed you separately, however, just in case others are wondering... the gripmat guy is nearly done with them... if you see their campaign, he sent an update recently where he describes the upgrade materials etc :) hopefully you'll have that bad-boy soon! chris
hey chris. still havent got my gripmat here in sydney. should i be worried?
@kris excellent news!!!  so glad to hear you have your game!!!  we really hope you enjoy!
@chris - thank you for staying on top of this, we appreciate you following up on the australian deliveries. you'll be pleased to know my copy has arrived. those are some big boxes :) and i didn't even get "everything". now all i need is a table, and then i could possibly play ;)
@james awesome news!!! all ks exclusive and extras are packed in the boxes, nothing is loose. thanks,  chris
hey all, im in perth and just got my boxes :) some travel displacement but nothing appears broken. very happy :) quick question however - in regards to all the kickstarter exclusive type items: is tgere supposed to be a specific box? ive got the same retail boxes as terry chang listed (without the mispack) but it all looks impressively retail. i don't have time right now to open all the boxes and check but hope someone knows?  thanks again chris, am really looking forward to playing this, it looks great! :)
@terry - i'm in sydney, nsw.
@kris no notification at all, which state you live in?
@chris, i just sent the picture to your email. please let me know if you got it.
@steψhen no it wasn't miniature pack, it's the expansion i am taking photo to send to chris
thanks for the responses. i'll just keep waiting... watching....
@terry chang was the "ancient myths and legends" a miniature pack? i ordered an extra unpainted set to go with the painted set go i guess they were miss packed (i paid to be a game character so was seeking an extra set).  this would explain what’s happened. as below, i'm not chasing the extra set and will put it down to “kick starter” troubles that have occurred from time to time.   @adam taylor  from memory, my grip mat arrived around two months or so ago.  i got the large four horseman one that was spectacular! @kris densley mine also just turned up out of the blue  - there was someone around to collect it so all was good for me.
@kris. i didn't get a notification or anything from them.
to all those australians who received their packages - did you get any kind of shipping notification when it left blue tongue games? just curious as mine hasn't turned up yet (i'm in sydney) and i haven't got any notification.
@terry  please email me directly   chris@everythingepic.us feel free to send me a quick picture of everything you got so i can help! thanks! chris
@todd  woo hoo! please enjoy! sounds like those models were ready to go on an adventure! chris
i got my game, south australia today. the only complain is same as others, the minis are all out of the inserts. i do have doubts on my pledge, i think i am missing something, can someone confirm a full list of what we should get from the glory seeker?? i receive 1 x core game 2 x ancient myths and legends 1 x the great apocalypse  1 x reign of terror 1 x passages and perils 1 x dice pack 1 x the great apocalypse  minis 1 x core adventurers minis 1 x reign of terror minis 1 x ancient myths and legends minis 1 x core bosses i believe you send 2 packs of ancient myths and legends by mistake and i am missing  atlantis: mystery of the 13?? any thing else i am missing?
got my game today! some of the models had fallen out but that's just travel troubles. can't wait to get the group together to play a game or two.
@adam if it's too much longer, please email me so i can help you. chris
@adam  the gripmat guy almost got them all in his possession... its taken him quite a long time to get them... id take a quick look at that kickstarter to find when he's shipping. thanks,  chris
@stephen feel free to email me for any assistance, thanks, chris
when are we getting the grip mat?
my pre-painted version all inclusivee version turned up in sydney.  happy with what i have received, paint job is pretty good for the money.  i was a little disappointed the extra set of  'ancient myths and legends boss creature and adventurer minis' ordered through the pre-painted kickstarter did not turn up, i can live this this as i have lots of other minis still to paint.
finally got it!
@steve boom excellent news sir!  the zombie pack is included with the great apocalypse pack and the outdoor pack (journey to the tomb pack)  is also in there ;)  we really hope you enjoy the game!  chris
hi chris....received a delivery today which had the core box and 2 expansions (ancient myths and legends and the great apocalypse) as well as the core adventurers. with my pledge i think i'm missing at least 2 more expansions plus the zombie one and whatever else was added on.
stephen! i say we meet up at your place and have a group game!
great news steve... can't wait
@stephen  i am extremely glad to hear that you got it! thank goodness! :)  all other au folks, please post when you get it! chris
delivery guy doubled back and forgot the game box proper. got my big 10kg packages full of everything properly now all good. looks like shipping is indeed officially underway for us.
@stephen please email me directly so i may research and assist you. chris@everythingepic.us thanks
i just got a package today here in south east queensland that contained my reign of terror, ancient myths and legends, and core bosses painted minis. i don't however have the actual game itself or anything. those were literally the only things in the shipment.
i was doubting a tracking number from them, let's all hope steve gets his copy today so we have a rough idea how long everyone else will have to wait. good call chris, i won't be backing anyone who uses them in the future.
@adam i'm literally on the phone with shipnaked right now. they said that all of the orders should be on the way to you this week. i'm waiting for that confirmation from bt to know they shipped. however, i do not believe you'll get a tracking number.  also, just to confirm, we won't ever be using them to ship again (blue tounge) please email me as soon as you get some sotlt in the mail! thanks so much! chris
i wouldn't bother todd. they still haven't replied to my email a month ago. they are obviously the worst business ever... or rude... either way they suck donkey ballz and need to hurry the hell up.
hey todd, this is the exact quote of the email i got from them on monday: "the packages are going out early this week thanks" that's it. i'm waiting to hear back again from my email to hear when exactly they are going out. --chris
http://www.bluetonguegames.com.au/contact-us.html.  i've emailed them but haven't gotten an answer back yet, maybe someone else would have better luck?
indeed...
i think the idea that they packed these on the weekend is a load of crap. if this was the case, australia post should have had on monday. i'm in brisbane and i still don't have a shipping advice. not blaming you chris as it seems you have stayed on them as much as possible. not sure if you have had any updates or if anyone else has heard anything, but i find it hard to believe these were packed on the weekend.
i'm in brisbane adam and i haven't even received a shipping notice
@adam  i'm also extremely frustrated and infuriated by everything that has gone on with au shipments... i will contact aetherworks asap for all future shipments. thanks so much for your help and the information! chris
lets re-cap... rest of the world including new zealand got thier games mid october, 2015 (at the latest). our games were in port at sydney (where i live) around mid december, 2015. then they took a leisurely trip up to brisbane... 800 odd kilometers north... blue tongue games have sat on them for a whole month... and we still havent heard squat! in contrast... ordered 'star wars risk' through amazon on the 8th of january, 2016. received it today... ten days later... that was the 'slowest' shipping method. plus i could see it's progress at all times. that... my friends is how to ship. again chris. not having a go at you, but this is so infuriating. what ever you paid for shiping. the packages were not given the appropriate and due care. i would never use blue tongue games ever again... and would not back a project that would. i know that 'aetherworks' in st peters in sydney are great chris. have a look at them next time for distribution.
indeed, please let me know as soon as someone gets something! chris
anyone get anything yet?
@adam and steve  i just received word from blue tongue that shipments have begun as of yesterday and should all be out by the end of this weekend. please let me know as soon as you get a tracking number or receive anything! thank you! chris
15th jan and still nothing!!!
no shipping advice or product arrived yet in brisbane.
after a long wait, we finally got an update from blue tongue games for the shipment for the au backers. i've sent out a direct email to you all. just to post here, in case some of you don't get it, they said that all of your shipments should go out next week by the end of the week. starting monday, ending latest on friday.  i hope you all get your games soon! chris
thanks todd, i've been assured by ship naked that they emailed  the blue tounge guys a couple times and we're all waiting for a response at this point. i really hope to hear back very soon! chris
i can't speak for everyone else, but i don't blame you guys for the huge delay. yes, there were some issues on your end but i do believe you guys tried your best to fix it fast. this next part though, i'm not sure who is to blame for the customs delay but that's who i'm blaming for making us wait until 2016 to get a game that the rest of the world got in 2015. hopefully they get back to you soon about when they are moving their butts and sending the games out.
@todd i'm still waiting to hear from blue tongue. i emailed and called twice yesterday.  i'm impatiently waiting to get a reply today. sorry for the continued delay... chris
has there been any updates?
hey terry!  ;) hope all is well!!!  :) chris
@kris densley same here, when i back it i haven't even bought a land, now i already moved in 1 and half year...really stupid
@dubois  please email gripmat directly if you can :) they just put up an update fairly recently about new mats arriving :)
hello, what are the news about the grip mat?
au guys, i just got an update from shipnaked, they said blue tongue is on christmas break and should return after new years... ill let you know as soon as i hear from them. thanks for your continued patience. chris
let us know if you get an answer back or not @adam. if you don't i'll email as well.
adam, i found the same info, i'm continuing to push for info and shipping response. i don't know what the holiday season is like there but i hope they get to work asap. chris
according to their twitter account, 'blue tongue games' are in brisbane... this is now officially moronic... games came into port in sydney, now maybe up in brisbane??? blue tongues last tweet was oct 17.  i sent them an email... hopefully they respond. the crazy thing is, i could have organised this better...
do you happen to have the address of the company? maybe some of us are close to it and can go down and see what's taking so long.
@adam i'm getting pretty annoyed that i haven't heard from ship naked's au partner "blue tongue games" yet... they're handling the shipping from within the au. they have the games in their possession right now... now i just need them to ship out! i've been emailing daily... but no response. ship naked has also emailed, just waiting for the response... they have everything they need... they just need to ship them out... i'm working on this... i wish i could fly to the au and make it happen ... as soon as i get a response from au i'll let you know! chris
any idea when this is shipping? im o/s from the 3rd jan... ridiculous if its not here before then.
they have confirmed reciept of the goods, and inventoried it... now we're just waiting for an exact delivery date... i've been emailing daily for the answer,  in all honesty i'm really pushing them, but they're really quite slow... i'm hoping to hear deliveries starting monday! ill definitely let everyone know for sure.  i don't know why it's taking so long... chris
any responses? or is the xmas miracle busted
@adam i've emailed three times and did an address change for a backer.  i'm waiting for an answer on when they're shipping. thanks,  chris
gotta be delivered this week. its at the distributor as of last week, and there's only 39 of us. they could ship that in a day...surely.
question! will we be getting tracking orders when the items get sent out?
that's great news, i can't wait to get the box in my hands.
@adam me too! i wish you had it and i wish we could have been there!!! i hope to come down under in the future!
great news chris... still wish i would of had it to show down at pax australia in november...
its a christmas miracle!
adam and other au backers,  i got an email last night from ship naked saying that (and they confirmed this)  that finally, the shipment is on its way to the actual distributor to be shipped.  i'm not exactly sure of the exact distance between customs and the distribution warehouse, but once it arrives,  it should not take long to actually ship.  i am going to email them daily to keep pushing till it's shipped and in your hands.  i hope you can have it before christmas, but i won't know until the first package goes out. thanks so much for your amazing patience au backers! chris
from what i understand, the problem was miss communication from greater than games, who was shipping it down under... something about saying they had paid customs fees, but they actually hadn't... either way, we still don't have shit down under. anyone feel like chipping in to hire the 'a team' to get them released? i may put a kickstarter together.
wow. i know australian customs can be tough, but this seems like a crazy long delay. i am now just hoping that the game arrives before i move house. i hadn't even bought my house when we received notification that shipping had commenced....
i was about to ask the same thing, i would love to get a game in on xmas with the family
any chance of a christmas miracle?
@adam   not fully no reply... they requested the factory invoice info from us,  which we promptly replied with,  now waiting for reply on that for the past couple days... ill keep you informed as new information  comes in. thanks,  chris
3 days and no reply?
@adam on my daily crusade, i emailed gtg last night and they told me that they're processing the customs payment and that they turned over the responsibility to shipnaked.  my contact at shipnaked emailed me last night as well and he's now working directly with the customs broker to get our stuff the heck out of there. i pressed for more information now waiting for a reply. thanks adam! chris
whats the latest?
@todd i agree with you 150%! we're daily pushing to get this through. i am going to email you all to give you the more detailed information right now as a direct email so you all know what's going on. thanks for your patience and your comment.  you're definitely not being rude :) this is frustrating on all ends and very upsetting for us because all we want to do is get you your games ! we really are literally on top of them and we will be sending you more details right away via email now. chris
it's now friday the 4th of december and we still haven't gotten anything or have a date when we should be getting our things. the email stated that the shipment left customs on the 21st of november and i find it hard to believe that it would take two plus weeks to reach the fulfillment center. things need to be fixed, and a date needs to be set. there are thirty nine of us, which means you lost thirty nine backers who might of backed your newest kickstarter and i highly doubt you will get those thirty nine back for any other kickstarters you do in the future. i don't wish to come of as rude, but it's becoming extremely frustrating waiting for a game when it feels like nothing is being done about it.
we're keeping on them. i was hoping to have a quicker response for you guys but because of the thanksgiving holiday we haven't heard back here. hopefully monday we should have more info for you. thanks for your patience, chris
not really feeling like, "the best backers in the world." .... i have to say, i agree with this!!!
yes... they don't give us any schedule, or say who is fulfilling the pledges. just more of the same "when we know, we will send another email." it feels a lot like stalling. you guys need to make this right to the aus backers.
hey adam and steve, have you been receiving the direct emails i've been sending to australian backers?
actual news other than, "we are still waiting to hear from (insert different au distributor 'gtg/ship naked/blue tongue games' every time)" would be great. who is actually distributing and what is their schedule? we should know this by now chris. i'm sorry but this is getting ridiculous now... it may be time to get on a plane. even new zealand backers had theirs as of the 16th of last month. there is 3 days to go in the 2nd kickstarter after the rest of the world got theirs... after this i'm not even considering backing it. not really feeling like, "the best backers in the world."
another week and still nothing in australia.
phew!  i got through everything.  it looks like i had all the bits.  the only issues were the perseus companion confusion, and the fact that many of the cards don't have the appropriate expansion symbols in their lower right corners. i even managed to fit everything, miniatures included in the main game box.  of course, that box now weighs 50 lbs! (well, i had all the bits besides the missing minis, but chris sent replacements for those months ago. great customer service!)
ha!  i found the "avatar of perseus" card. it's part of expansion 1.  so tile pack 2 assumes you own expansion 1?  it only says it requires the core game...
i found a component checklist (had saved the url though i have no idea where i found that in the first place).  it does mention the "missing" item cards. however, what's the story with the "avatar of perseus companion card" that medusa's meridian setup mentions.  there's no sign of that card and no mention of it in the faq or component list.
at second glance dan, your card concerns below i believe are all addressed in the faq / errata doc on bgg ;) thanks ! chris
hey dan! please email me directly for any part concens ;)  i'll be more than happy to help in any way i can ! thanks  chris@everythingepic.us
*something* being "avatar" or the like.  just don't have the rules in front of me atm.
thanks chris.  i'd seen that.  an update from a while ago mentioned your website and there's a place for the faq there.  i'd assumed it had been updated. in any case, you might want to update your site to include the link and google doc. also... ... ... i'm finally inventorying all the game components.  yeah... haven't delved into much of the expansion content quite yet.  i've notice that i'm missing some things. so far in the atlantis tile expansion, i only have 1 item card, and it lists 3.  i have a single "a.r.m 2" card...which incidentally does not have the triangle expansion symbol on it; it's the only card that doesn't. also, the medusa scenario setup says to set aside the "*something* of perseus companion card".  i don't have that companion card.  it is one of the missing "item" cards? thanks, dan
hi dan! here's a link to our faq doc here on bgg  http://boardgamegeek.com/filepage/121858/secrets-lost-tomb-faq-v1 also a great place to ask anything you want about the game ! i post all the time and so do other awesome gamers ! ;) thanks , chris
is there a faq or errata?  i just checked the website and that portion is empty.
you most certainly can! herathulhu has been annoying me all week! ;)
so i cant beat someone up?
@adam taylor i'm waiting to hear back today (hopefully) after tons of emails by me to them. apparently even though i was told it was pushed through customs, it was actually pushed into customs and held there for a while. there's 39 of you right now still waiting, and we're emailing and calling literally every single day. gtg didn't properly pay for the customs costs and it held it up. i got a form in my email friday showing release from customs scheduled on the 21st. however since that was a saturday, i'm going to say it should be on it's way out today or tomorrow. it's really been a fiasco for the au shipments for all of us, that's attributed to the big fact that it was all shipped directly to the us then it had to be shipped back to the au. we've certainly learned our lesson on this one, not that it helps you now, but in future projects we definitely will not ship everything to the us before setting up with an au distributor to fulfill all au items before  freighting everything to the us first. i'll be sending out an email to you guys direct as soon as i have better timeline information. we really appreciate your patience and we thank you for your kind words! chris
the games got 'pushed through customs' on the 4th november, it's now the 23rd... please give us some news chris. is there somwhere i can just go pick it up in sydney? do you need me to go beat somone up to release them?
thanks for your comment terry!  as an au backer yourself, you will be contacted and have been contacted via email direct. we're not having trouble, it's just time consuming and we're working hard to make it happen.  we're still hare and we're not going anywhere... we will get these games to you even if we have to get on a plane and hand deliver them ourselves! (but we hope you'll get them before that has to happen!)  :) chris
to be honest guys, will you back from eeg again when they have so much troubles delivering our au backers?
@adam and steve  i emailed blue tongue games in au (the shipping partner in the au who's shipping out your games!)  i'm pressing shipnaked and them to give info on when exactly your games are shipping out! i'm pushing hard today to hear. i'll update you all via email as soon as i get word. thanks so much again for your patience. we owe you one! chris
chris. any more updates from shipnaked? it's been over a week now... i'm sure us australian backers would love to back the new kickstarter if we had played the base game...
still nothing in australia
@todd thanks so much!  i got word (also sent an email) that the shipment is in the au and will be prepped for shipping shortly! i'll be emailing you soon all about this! (i just emailed shipnaked to contact au guys so we will let you know as soon as we hear back!) thanks so much! chris
that's great news! i can't wait to get my hands onto it and introduce it to my gaming group!
@todd and stephen  we just got word from our shipping company that they were pushing the product through au customs yesterday! so that's good news! then it goes to our fulfillment warehouse to be distributed very shortly after! i know it seems like it's taken forever... and it certainly has! and we definitely apologize for the long wait! but please know that we're checking on this daily and we're being very annoying to the shippers to make sure that this gets to you asap!  we really can't wait for this to get to you and really want you to enjoy playing the game asap! please don't let this crumby shipping experience ruin the gameplay for you! (try to think of it as the odyssey.... the games.. lost at sea for 20 years... now to make it home to ithaca for a victorious return!) thanks, once again for your very kind patience... now that we have more reliable shipping infrastructure, this shouldn't ever happen again! chris
any update regarding australia..? this is shadows of brimstone levels of ridiculousness all over again. sigh.
i don't want to sound impatient or rude, but have you received any information from fedex? it's almost been a month, i just wanted to make sure the boat wasn't eaten by herathulhu xd
thanks for the kind words stephen!
nice game. rules are a bit ambiguous in places but overall worth additional plays.  i do take exception to your 'includes all stretch goals' (except for the ones that state a minimal pledge level...).  haven't found another developer that caveats 'all stretch goals' before.  i'll be more careful in the future.
@adam and todd: it's still in the middle of the ocean... but should be nearly there... i'm waiting to hear back from fedex as to the exact eta! as soon as i have it, i will email you all directly! thanks so much for your patience! chris
just a quick question, since you are using ship naked to get the games to australia, will we still get an email once they get to shore here?
whats the eta to australia? i need to get an idea because it's getting shipped to my parents address and they may be away...
hey adam, freight still hasn't arrived yet... as soon as it does it will ship quickly from the in au depot. thanks for your patience , chris
still nada here in sydney, australia...
it can't be far from us then! i can't wait :)
steve and todd it's here!  and it's all present and correct and it's beautiful. well done guys. sam
sam! got your tracking number to work! emailing you a link now! :)
i'm in new zealand and have not seen this yet.  i'll continue being nice and i was pleased to receive a tracking number, but it doesn't work.
@steve and todd they're still in mid-transit  i have a tracking number for the freight but it's not popping up yet otherwise i'd share the info... i'm going to call the freight guy today and see what's happening to get more info for you guys!  thanks for your patience! we will get games to you and we thank you for your support and continued kind words through this long wait!  chris
well the email last monday said about two weeks for the games to hit australia, then they will be sent to us. i'm guessing about another week next monday and most of us should have our games and adventured into the tomb :)
anyone in australia received theirs yet. nothing in brisbane received for me yet.
hey villars! please email me your address info so i can see what's going on with it. however, i suspect yours is still on the way because it was shipped separately from the other eu items. thanks, chris@everythingepic.us
still nothing in switzerland...
about to go live on the @undeadviking weekly alaboom! come check it out! https://youtu.be/m3vwh8t7iys
the only thing i learnt so far is that you have a very strange definition of "soon"... promises, promises, promises but no game... and now a new campaign! i am very disappointed. when will the game finally arrive in switzerland (and please don't answer "soon")?
nothing here in brisbane australia yet!
starting to paint my zombies.  since i suck at painting, i thought i'd start with them and the monsters since they can look terrible and not matter...since they are monsters.  at the end of the day...some paint is better than no paint.
hey rad! be sure to watch the newest rules video !  https://youtu.be/9tzdgr1rg-q
alright i will come back for that. just finished unboxing all the goodies. excellent quality through out. everything counted for except for 1 swarm token which i think fell off during packaging but im not bothered by that. the hard part now would be reading the rules and getting ready to play the game for the first time xd
hey rad!  we're unsure! we're not 100% sure if it will be available on that kickstarter later or not yet.... we will definitely have a better idea of that later in the campaign to see how many we will be able to print :) thanks! chris
@chris will the current elite missions be available on the next expansion ks? i rather backed a bigger ks to save on shipping cost since i already got the glory seeker (im picking it up this afternoon @ fed ex btw)
hey stephen!  i totally agree with you and certainly wouldn't ask you to back the new kickstarter until after you have the actual game and i definitely am not happy you haven't gotten your games yet. i am pushing hard to make sure you have everything very soon! thank you for your patience! chris
yeah.. still nothing in australia yet.. now they've launched a new kickstarter and expect us to back sight unseen on an 'expansion' without even having experience with the base game as of yet? what the? shouldn't they, you know, wait until everyone has actually had a chance to play this first before jumping the gun?
cheers chris. as always, super speedy response. cheers mate
you should be getting tracking as soon as it hits sydney!  once again, sorry for the long delay! i'll try to get a much more definite eta to sydney! chris
thanks chris. i know i will. when will we get a tracking notice?
still no tracking notice here for sydney, australia. disappointing that the exapnsion is live before the original backers even have the game. can't back it till i've played it...
adam!  i agree with you! we've been pushing them for weeks and we're more than disappointed in them... but your product will be there soon! and i completely understand you're not happy! i hope when it gets there you love the game! chris
still no tracking notice here for sydney, australia. disappointing that the exapnsion is live before the original backers even have the game. can't back it till i've played it...
hey fredrik! perhaps you never filled out the backerkit? please email the vp directly at jim@everythingepic.us and he can help find where your pledge is! thanks chris
it looks as though people here have begun receiving their games but when i check out my pledge it still says "the survey for this reward hasn't been sent by everything epic games yet.". have i missed anything?
@chris - yeah i did email you but never finished our conversation. i remember looking at the final checklist you published but totally forgot about doing the checking.  i don't know how i forgot all this stuff. maybe alien abduction?   anyway, i'll get on that and write you.
fyi, for those who got glory seeker, or multiple expansions:  if you take the main box insert, cut out the bottom part, and glue or staple the 2 "boxes"  and flip them upside down, they make the perfect fit for 3 compartment box storage.  i have everything except my minis sorted in the main box.  see picture below: https://www.facebook.com/photo.php…
g-sys rice! i believe you have everything you were supposed to get :) you can double check by using the spreadsheet we made attached to one of our most recent updates: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/everythingepicgames/secrets-of-the-lost-tomb/posts/1339859
jkp! please email me directly  chris@everythingepic.us and please include your mailing address and all info! thanks! chris
@neil  i have the gameboygeek making a video for us right now, hopefully we will have it before beginning of next week! there's also a fan made full playthrough now available here's the link: https://boardgamegeek.com/video/77901/secrets-lost-tomb/secrets-lost-tomb-setup-scenario-1-full-play-thru he did an awesome job for his first video! :)
@omicron! thanks very much for sharing! i hope they finish everything soon! !
i finally got my game today over in ontario, canada. just curious about my pledge tho. i pledged the tomb raider tier and was expecting the 2 expansions + zombie, yet i only see one and the zombie. it looks like i'm short of one expansion. anyone else with the same issue?
@eeg - did i ever send my missing parts list? or did i just post in here about the open delivery box?  i can't remember.
any word on when those gameplay videos will be ready?  i can't wait to see them & get a better idea of how the game is played.
@chris re: gripmats.  i know that the old printer for gripmat was essentially given up on.  the firm date for the remaining mats was 4-6 weeks.  i received the first part of my  gripmat order.  have a look https://www.facebook.com/omicron007/media_set…
will do, after curriculum night at school!
hey christian! email me directly, please include pics of damage and your address/order info! chris@everythingepic.us thanks!
we have arrival in atlantic canada, but things are not as they should be. there is damage. what should i do next?
@tahd thanks for your notes! i hope you enjoy the game!
peter, still nothing from gripmat guy! :(
we played the game first time on monday. some notes: * not enough (starting) equipment cards for all characters. e.g. run out of tommy guns, fedoras.  * some characters seemed far more useful and better than the others. * miniatures had different poses from character illustrations making them unnecessary hard to recognize. * was there supposed to be a miniature for each hero? some players claimed they did not find all. (i didn't check.) * monster cards are too loose in the stands. * really annoying when a specific tile needs to be placed adjacent, and the tile pack reshuffled. * if i had just the basic game i would be really annoyed about wasted space in the box. now i expect to be able to fit in all expansions. (i did not have time to open expansions yet.) * tile pack i had really inefficient use of cardboard. more than half of it was borders to be thrown away.  * tile pack tiles have no specif markings to be able to remove those later on. i think we read some rules incorrectly as most characters were running around with courage draining very quickly. more comments later. or maybe in bgg.
any word on the grip mats?
glad to hear it's in paris yeti! i was there this summer! had a great time! :)
yeah timo! woo hoo!
yeah omicron! that's right woot!
thanks steve!!! we're really excited to have gotten this to you! can't wait to hear what you think! chris
thank you very much stephen! :) it's because of awesome backers like you that this was able to happen! :)
very large and heavy box opened contains lots of goodies. fantastic job. well done guys. happy backer�
just got a huuuuuge package here in the uk.  full of tomb delving game gear.  thanks so much guys!
meant to add received in the uk
22.2lb parcel reportedly delivered according to fedex email and wife. damn it working and not getting home till late!
14th sept. 2015 : received in paris (france)
guess what fedex canada dropped off today?  glory seaker! https://www.facebook.com/media/set/…
got my big box in germany... one big package. main game, 5 add-ons, 5 miniature boxes, dice and 2 "books"... soooo i lost the overview xd hope received everything, cannot tell :d
hey anders! please email me directly about any questions! chris@everythingepic.us thanks
just got the package! are the painted miniatures sent in a seperate shipment or what is the trick?
arrived in germany today. parcel was ripped and battered, but everything inside looks fine. thank you! :)
arrived in the uk today, now to open  and check all the cool stuff! :)
hey steven! yes you're correct!  we gave mounds of extra swarm tokens just for fun and extra to have... you should be fine with those! there are a ton of extras but i  wouldn't say tons of swarm creatures in the game. a healthy amount but you should have more than enough tokens for them when they randomly spawn. chris
hey mathias!! yes! you have everything in that pack!!! the adventure packs are in each expansion box (logically as per their themes)  and some like pirates and samurai are in core! we really hope you enjoy!!!! chris
swarm tokens on 3/3 apocalypse aren't cut. shouldn't be an issue but thought i'd mention.
@spetz  yes i am in the same mind, i will check later but i dont see the adventure packs unless theyre in the core box somewhere
received in the uk today. will need to check everything is in the box.
hello all, finally get my copy in france!! my question is, i have no idea what i'm supposed to get with the fortune hunter pledge level... from the initial description during the campain, it says i have "all 4 adventure pack". but it seems that things have been re arranged and that packs no longer exists... i actually recieved: the core game, 12 minis, ancien myths and legends box and the great apocalypse box. does that sounds ok with my pledge??? no idea... thanks in advance!! and let's get it on the table! mathias
:d well, the package did seem to successfully cross the atlantic! it's now only an hour's drive away :)
omicron! hahahahababhahaha !!!!!! that's exactly what i was thinking! rhaaazzz azzzulllllll!!!!! (ala-wiilllllllssssoooonnnn!!!)   lol.... sorry, couldn't help it!
@yani  as long as tom hanks isn't on that plane, there's a good chance they will meet that date.
i got my tracking number and my expected delivery date is next tuesday. i live in finland, but according to fedex tracking my package had just departed from memphis,tn... i wonder if it is going to catch a plane or..?
well fedex just sent a tracking notification arriving wednesday here in the uk. just a bit excited now!
well, speak of the devil....it crossed the border today.  expected delivery tuesday. assuming it is sotl as it is 18.6 lbs....
omicron! they're definitely all out and on the way.... only thing is you wont get tracking until they actually pass the border and are in your province! hopefully you get tracking very soon!
any word on canadian shipments?
game was in a box about twice as big as required wrapped in a thin piece of bubble wrap.  the components seem to survive but the box itself was split at every corner.  disappointing.  the five cents worth of bubble wrap was ill spent. the components themselves where actually higher quality than i was expecting.
nothing here received in australia yet.
off for 2 weeks vacation i hope they dont deliver when im not home and send it back to us
hey guys! yes! fedex is on the move! one of the reasons it takes longer than usual is our eu friendly method through fedex is different than normal.... but it works the same way and saves you money! :) chris
i'd like to know if all the orders actually did leave the us warehouse two weeks ago monday? i can handle the wait better if i know that my game is, indeed, closing the distance to my doorstep :)
i understood that all the orders were shipping in about a week ... still waiting and are passed more than a  single week... what an illusion... sincerely i can't understand why eu backers are always the last in the line ...
meant top left.  the strength, knowledge, ....symbols.
finally got to try the game out tonight.  a couple of things... the treasure chest cards were all miss cut.  the small symbol in the top right is cut in half. there is no mini for the bootleg roosevelt? i'm colorblind.  being able to see reds and greens are a pain.  wish the cards had symbols.  same with the search token. otherwise we loved the game!  where can i order expansions?
hey david, please email me directly at chris@everythingepic.us i need your full name, address and other order info... thanks, chris
@chris, while opening/inventorying the main box, i've discovered that i am missing component sheet #3, and instead received two copies of sheet #4. thanks, david
richard, please email me directly. chris@everythingepic.us when you email, let me know exactly what you received, your address info, and what you ordered so i can help! thanks, chris
when is the game going to show up?  i have the miniatures but have yet to receive my game.  if there is a problem, please let me know.
lol omicron! i definitely appreciate the comedy during this long waiting situation. just so you know... i'm in constant daily contact with the fulfillment warehouse, making sure everything is hurrying up! awesome music video by the way!
i feel it necessary to express how i feel about waiting via a classing music video....#waitingincanada #notrackingnumber https://www.youtube.com/watch…
paolo! it is still on the way! thanks for your patience! chris
just seen the update ... orders shouldn't have been shipped within europe ?
when do you think europe orders will ship ? hope soon :)
hmm, just received a second box and looks like i was sent two full gloryseeker packages by mistake...
then no worries! just played the solo game and i am totally in love with it! can't wait for my next game night with all my friends!
hey michelle! nothing is different... just those pages :) thanks! chris
was there any major content added to the extra books, or was it just the first/last page switched? because i did not get a 2nd set of books, but i was able to just remove and replace the staple to fix the books.
hey michelle! did you get your extra rules and scenario booklets in your box? if not, email me! chris@everythingepic.us thanks chris
the one in the box was a mistake like you said.  the one that was loose in the box was with a correct cover.
did anyone else get their books with the first page swapped? it took me like 3 reads to realize this had happened.
@ chris i am still very happy with this product and i haven't even played the game, or opened everything.
corey and john, i agree and we're not happy about it.  however we had to prioritize getting the game out as quickly as possible or create big delays.   we hope you understand that our biggest priority was getting the games to you. chris
@ john gt i noticed the same thing with the zodiac tiles. i like the durability of the tiles, but would have liked these ones to have their correct symbol.
hey matt! please email me directly if you have any questions about the contents! chris@everythingepic.us thanks! chris
box showed up absolutely mangled. it was ripped opened with the contents sticking out. now to see if i got everything.
paolo, that is not correct.  you will only get the  core adventurers minis. if you have specific questions about your order please email me directly thanks, chris
i pledged for tomb raider level...so ? i can remember that if we did choose for men of bad intentions during a ks campaign of the three ( counting the relaunch ) the original backers from the first campaign would have received also those minis ...
paolo, if you're a glory seeker you get all minis!!!
richard, please email me directly at chris@everythingepic.us email the info of exactly what you got and your address info   thanks chris
i just received my minis but when will the game be showing up?  looking forward to it and given how much it all cost i am expecting a fantastic game.
thank you chris for your answer . do the boxes selected comes both with the minis ?? i remember that it was some sort of stretch goal reached in the second ks campaign that first ks backers would have received also the minis included in the scenario / adventure selected ...i will try to find the right update sg ...do you confirm this?
hey john! yes they count, but there's still a misprint in the rules counting the wrong number of creatures. let me know how many you have and i can confirm for you. (i'm sure you have the right number, i haven't heard anyone getting the wrong number, only that the rules have the misprinted quantity) deadeye and the saint are james t. temple and christopher st. george miniatures. yes john, you're correct about the zodiac thing... this will be in the errata sheet! this doesn't effect gameplay, but it was a minor printing error and we could not fix before shipping from china or it would have caused a couple weeks of delays! please email me directly to confirm any components you need! chris@everythingepic.us thanks for your support! chris
as i continue to tabulate... (1) those double-back-side cards (base and elite monster backs)...those don't count as monsters in the inventory lists, right? (2) deadeye and __________: they don't have miniatures, correct? (3) not to be a stickler, but i'm a big zodiac fan: five of the triangular zodiac trials are misprinted, right?  sagittarius should be the arrow, capricorn should be the circle with a stylized horn coming out the top, aquarius should be the two jagged lines, pisces should be the parentheses with a horizontal line through them, and ori______ (not one of the classic twelve) should be the "u" with a line through it.  in my game, those five symbols shifted one sign to the right.  is this just me and i should request replacements, or is this happening to everyone?
jkp! hah... i love your "two large missing bits of evidence" bhahahahaha!!! email me directly for any questions about potentially missing cards, because we've discovered a couple component number misprints. i can let you know right away if you have any suspicion just email me directly. chris@everythingepic.us thanks! chris
paolo, it's going to be a little while longer before tracking gets to rome! sit tight on that! zombie content is exclusive to 1st printing which is a very limited run! we printed 12 boxes of stuff all at once. we couldn't literally afford to separate the stuff into little mini prints of random extras so we had to logically box things together. if you selected the four horseman and men of bad intentions, you'd be getting the great apocalypse and ancient myths and legends expansion boxes! (which is awesome)  everything is on the way, but takes longer to get over to the eu, add +1 week at minimum to all eu shipments compared to us because fedex and usps is faster here. thanks so much! chris
john gt: so awesome you got all of your stuff!! :) i am unsure about the hot water method with the paint, however, it is very strong paint, so if you dont boil it too long it should be ok, but i'm really not sure about it, so perhaps a couple questions for google? for the arm devices, i haven't heard any issues with their punching yet, please email me a pic so i can see what happend. please email me directly with name address and email so i can check all records if you have anything missing... keep in mind, in this 1st edition, there are a couple component number misprints. core game has one i believe and atlantis also has one. they say more than they're supposed to, but feel free to email me and i'll let you know! :) thanks so much for your support! cant wait to hear about your adventures in the tomb! chris
finally got through every box and inventoried it all. i'll email all my issues to chris but the highlights... - missing extra dice pack - missing helga mini and have two maghilder.  there are two large but missing bits of evidence which lead me to this conclusion. - missing some cards here and there. not sure if the card counts in the manuals/sell sheet are incorrect or not. hope there is a master list of cards by name.
the zombie exclusive content wasn't supposed to be exclusive ?? if i can  remember the early backer from first ks should receive also the pack of minis unlocked or am i wrong ? i pledged for tomb raider in the first ks... if i remember right i did select the apocalypse four horsemen adventure and man of bad intentions ... what exactly what am i going to receive exaclty?? and when....thanks for your answer guys .
still no tracking number here in rome ...
good news everybody!  received my box! the shipping box was mangled pretty badly, with bends and tears and holes ...even the shipping tape had completely disappeared off the top (the po slapped some half-hearted piece of white...something...that was barely adhesive)...but most of the contents inside survived just fine inside their bubble wrap!  big whew! almost all of the miniatures "shifted in flight"...maybe 30% of them remained in their plastic beds...but most of them came out of their box unmarred!  question: if they're pre-painted, can i still use the hot water method to adjust those that did get a little bent?  (three of the horsemen are...pretty floppy.  death got lucky with that heavy cloak bolstering him!) the dice are great!  the cards and character sheets are all thick and perfect!  (still counting them all.)  the cardboard tiles and bits are all shiny and perfect!  the plastic a.r.m. hinges are...wow, rough as hell.  gonna have to take an x-acto blade and file to quite a few of them.  (but it wouldn't be too hard to locate a pile of them online if need be.) chris, i am missing one big thing, and i think maybe a couple of teeny things, but i'll shoot you an e-mail once i narrow down a final list.  this is ameritrash at its finest: piles and piles of stuff!!!  love it!!! solid work, everything epic!
#waitingincanada #notracking
i got my glory seeker package in today. all of the boxes were there and in good shape. i would say most of the minis came out pretty good for the paint job. a few looked like they were rushed (faminie in particular). death looks to be one of the best. i can't wait to play this!
thanks so much roy for your support! we couldn't have done it without you and the other backers! this happened because of you! :) thanks so much! chris
chris,  wow what a great looking game!  you and your group have done a great job!  well worth the wait!  i was very surprised with the size and weight of the game! thanks! roy
hey robert, no new news other than it takes time to get overseas and then time to distribute around eu... tracking doesn't come until it's in your actual country of origin and it's about to ship etc... thanks! chris
any news about the fulfillment for us european backers?
any news about the fulfillment for us european backers?
no the loose rule books are correct the ones in the game box have swapped covers.
chris - see? i missed a key update. :-) thanks for responding!!
got mine yesterday also it all looks great!
got mine yesterday.  the shipping box was kind of loosely taped up, but it arrived in good shape, and the contents were perfect.  i had no idea the game box was going to be so big!  i'll have to rearrange my shelves to store it.  i haven't had a chance to do more than just glance through the contents, but everything looks good so far.
finally got around to unpacking the huge shipping box. initial thoughts... - wow, i'm gonna have to have a sotlt shelf. - the boxes are all really nice. - the two rule books were loose in the box so they ended up with one corner smushed. - the two rule books, according to a note in box, are already in error with swapped covers. i can't believe that. this was the big thing we waited for and... well, i'll shut up. - my great apoc minis all came out of their little holes and are in a mass in the bottom of their box.  no damage i can tell but just passing along. - i assume we put all the minis in their appropriate expansion boxes? --------------------------------------------------- nothing really earth shattering there.  but i think i am missing the small dice box. is it inside one of the other boxes or was it a separate loose box? next up is ripping off shrink and going box by box checking them out.
it sounds like the game was too epic for the boxes.
got mine. battered and beaten outer box hiding decent innards with one exception, the minis looked almost manged in their boxes. i opened a few boxes and the bases were bent strange directions but, with the softer plastic, they actually appear to be quite simple to fix. i am very happy with everything and hope to bring this to the table shortly. jake
@backers talking about our fulfillment company (greater than games) - we are definitely aware of this issue and we are extremely disappointed, let down, and well... other emotions i am not going to type in here... i agree with all of your assessments and comments and if was closer to their warehouse i would have gone there... but alas, they're in the mid-west (st. louis mo) so that's not possible... the project was more epic then they were prepared to handle, even though they assured me it would be, it was just a bit higher on the epicness scale then they're used to... i am very sorry that your packages came in so beat-up etc... and i wish i had more control over it. please know that i definitely will be keeping all of your feedback in mind and of course all of the issues in mind for all of our future projects!!! i will keep my eyes and ears open and i am in very close communication with them. i have already told them about the tape issue as soon as i heard about it and they told me they have changed their taping method to the "hand tape method" because apparently they were using a machine taper before... not that any of that info helps you guys now... but i have been very closely monitoring everything and letting them know all feedback. thanks so much for everyone letting me know about their packages and please email me directly if you need anything specific to you only.  ( chris@everythingepic.us) thanks everyone for your patience and understanding!  chris
bryan, the zombie apocalypse is in the great apocalypse expansion pack!  see the last couple updates :)  thanks, chris
i was a tomb raider pledge and i seem to be missing the zombie apocalypse adventure. or did i miss a key update?
@david - yep, that looks familiar.
@david - mine looks almost identical to your pics.  still haven't jumped in to look.  got busy.
so that i am not just complaining about it, here us a url to my my google photo album showing the box as it came.  note:  the box top was completely open.  i had to do nothing to open it other than just lift it,   note that the tape on one side was stuck to the lid itself.  on the other side it was stuck to itself. https://goo.gl/photos/phvepbtf1vbham429
jkp - yes, the box everything was shipped in, for me, was loosely taped and not filled completely. there was a lot of dead space that could have been filled with more bubble-wrap to make the box "tighter". thus the damage, torn corners, etc. since the box had pretty sizable holes in it, the dice pack could have easily fallen out as it was just tossed in and not wrapped (may explain missing dice boxes). that being said, the inner contents were well wrapped. suggestion to eeg: fire the guys that boxed this stuff up or otherwise never use them again.
just got my box. box is beat up and open. after all this wait its gonna be a big mess. why?  because that is my luck. my ire and blood pressure is up now so i may as well take a look in the box. i'll update in a few ... unless i explode. ah, i see others saying their boxes are open. maybe your shippers need to use a proper amount of tape. they tried to hold my huge box together with tape that only went an inch over the sides.
i printed out your product summary sheet and it looks like i got everything....
it's here!  one problem though:  the shipping box arrived open and damaged.   everything looks like it is there but is there supposed to be a packing slip enclosed or do i just use the update that you posed recently to check?
i'll have to check out that tackle box. i need a storage solution for the minis. i have a small tool storage box i was using  for my battlelore minis, so it should work fine for now.
hey david and matt! we found that this awesome plano tackle box fits an entire glory seeker in it! it's called "plano angled tackle system" http://www.amazon.com/plano-molding-728-000-angled-tackle/dp/b006pkxvaa/ref=lp_3409251_1_11… including the minis! booklets, tiles, arms, and characters on top and all the rest sorted in the plano boxes that slide inside! check it out (this is also sold at walmart in stores) ---chris
mine was supposed to arrive friday but it came today so 3 days early.
i want to echo matt smith below.  i got my tracking number from fedex and it said st louis to lax is 7 days.   i had no idea that fedex had planes that went that slow :d  in all seriousness, i am looking forward to getting this.  it has been a long time coming and i am ready to go. any suggestions from anyone on how to effectively store everything?  (i have a similar problem with zombicide and the numerous expansions!)
got my stuff today. as reported by others the outside box was torn and battered, but the contents were fine. i actually like the puzzle cut. it works and holds tiles together just fine for game-play. if there is one little gripe, it would have to be the softness of the minis and the need to straighten out bent weapons. not a biggy, though. next step is to start playing with the standees while the minis get painted. great job, epic dudes!
darn that huck finn !!!
how can it take six days for my box to get from st. louis to detroit?  six days!?!  i once drove from st. louis to detroit in 10 hours.  i think they put my box on a canoe, and a kid is paddling it up the mississippi river.  :)
gaides !!!  start with the core game !!! ;)
it arrived!  the outside box was a little beat up but nothing on the inside was damaged. i'm kinda worried it's to much lol!  i feel like i don't know where to begin.
ha, yeah, i've played betrayal. and hybrid. so long as you've got flat tiles they stay put! and the gap can't be closed at all on these... there's always a little pinprick of table underneath. i actually worry more about the tiles being damaged in transit due to the shifty nature, too. flat tiles are easy to store, puzzle tiles i usually lock together for storage. i've already had issues with these, where one stack shifts slightly and causes the whole pile to rest its weight on another tile's edge (because they shift). that causes warping pretty quick, if left unattended. anyway,  by design it is! the tiles are nicely cut, at least. by the way, i'm happy to report everything fits nicely into the box, or rather, in two expansion boxes inside the big box. it's tight and bows the big guy out a little,  but it's nice to do. if you want safety for the minis, or to paint them, though, you'll likely have to go foamcore insert or external storage. and a gmt counter tray holds all the counters, too.
hey denis! all of the room tiles are made specially to not fit together very tightly. this is done with purpose!  it makes gameplay more smooth (so you're not fighting during the game to place or remove tiles) and keeps room tiles from getting marked or worn out :) these are 100% custom made interlocking tiles... you'll notice the interlocking keeps them together just enough so they dont get all jostled around and you can pull entire trains of the tomb around when needed :)    (square would not hold together at all... have you ever played betrayal?) lol it was all part of the plan! thanks, chris
alessandro! i am putting out an eu and international shipment update tomorrow! stay tuned and thank you for your patience! chris
robert! yes, us shipments are still going out! email me directly if you haven't gotten your stuff by the end of this week! thanks, chris
bradley!  you're correct! fortune hunter has all the scenario and expansion packs but not the tile packs or all minis! :) other stuff may never make it to stores... this first edition stuff will be back on kickstarter in about 3 - 4 weeks mid-september with an awesome new expansion pack (the elite missions) and then later in the fall, we will be launching the reprint of the game... the expansions will not be reprinted for some time after that. stay tuned for the next ks coming soon :) thanks for your support! chris
got everything today. gotta say, only a single misalignment... it was on the dials though, so every one of them is lopsided. :p also completely unimpressed by the puzzle cut. tiles kind of flop around next to each other. they don't lock in at all... though it does mean less damage to the cuts, they could have been square for all the good they do. but hey, the minis look better than expected and the gameplay looks fun. ha.
in italy i have no tracking, at the end of tuesday
are us shipments still going out?
since i didn't back at glory seeker level i am assuming based on the comparison that i will be getting two of the three adventure expansion packs and the core game mini's (basically at fortune hunter level, i upgraded from tomb raider to fortune hunter after the kickstarter through backerkit if i recall) is this correct? also since i know if i like this game i will want everything eventually how soon is this product going to be available for purchase through your online store.i know i will want more dice and more tiles and yes i realize i should have gone full ouit as a glory seeker..now.
hey jonathan! no worries on that swarm token.... it's a misprint on the actual sheet when the manufacturers made the sheet up they forgot the back of the one and didn't punch it. there is never a need for a specific number of swarm tokens so in the core game, you will have no issues. there are more than enough for the amount of swarm in the core same as with myths and legends. we will look into potentially doing a plastic arm device for a future run or even perhaps an epic upgrade... however, the cost in doing that would be rather high indeed. (but i agree, it would be awesome) however, color printing on plastic or painting on plastic is very expensive.... so a plastic overlay may be just too far out of the price range. however, we will definitely put it into consideration :) thanks so much for your support! we really hope you enjoy everything! chris
after going through all the boxes yesterday only had one issue with a misprint in the core box. on sheet 5 (if i remember correctly) the lowest of the swarm counters was not printed though it was cut. can send pictures if needed. also thanks for the extra swarm counters in the ancient myths and legends expansion pack although it took me a bit to figure out i wasn't missing another set, that they were reprints as the counters at the tops of the other card stock sheets hadn't been cut. otherwise everything arrived in great shape, even the miniatures which is where i have experienced issues in the past. as a suggestion for future runs of the game, if possible make the base portion of the a.r.m. overlays in plastic, the dials could remain card board and still attached via the plastic plugs. i see breakage of the card stock overlays possibly being an issue along the bottom arm where the courage is tracked. again thanks for a great game.
i hope so too rad!!! fedex is usually the fastest for international orders so i wish you the fastest delivery you can get! :) chris
ah i see so it will be at least 2 more weeks before eu will receive the goodies. im hoping it will arrive before im off for vacation
rad, we were told monday they should leave from usa to go to france from fedex and then get distributed around eu. for rest of world, they go direct fedex from here in u.s. !
so monday it will leave france and be on the way to eu backers? thanks for the info btw
hey rad!  our fulfillment company said it would take about 2 weeks to get everything shipped (as i wrote in an update). they then moved it up to under 10 days and said that all eu and international orders would be out by the end of the day monday so by tuesday they should be on the way overseas to the eu :) thanks! chris
so eu are not shipped yet?
i love these comments!!! can't wait for everybody to get all of their games! :)
got my big box of games yesterday!! � can't wait to sit down and play.
just got mine yesterday !!!
still waiting patiently for a tracking number or for the game to just show up.  so i know it is not alphabetical.
thanks so much for your support !!! we're so excited that you're all getting your games!!!!
thanks for getting back to me so quickly.  looks like everything's here!
woo hoo paul!!! make sure you lift that box with the legs! :) chris
hey david!  anyone who wants to review all of our product listings, go to this page and download the sell sheet to look at all of the different items (painted minis are not listed there) http://www.everythingepic.us/#!distributors-and-retailers/c7q7 if you want me to let you know exactly what was in your pledge david, please email me directly and i'm happy to help you! email me at   chris@everythingepic.us thanks! chris
unholy giant box of gaming goodness. guess what just arrived today?!? yay!
my package was delivered with a hole in the side of it.  i would like to check against the spread sheet on the front page, clicking on it sends me to facebook with a "sorry, this content isn't available right now" message.  any chance for an update with a similar spread sheet that's updated with the current names on the boxes being sent out (so i don't have to try and figure out if say the "journey to the tomb" pack is in the "passages & perils" or the "atlantis: mystery of the 13" box)?
i think my package lost weight. the packaging from gtg was inadequate. i hope everything is here.
lol corey! no, just rip it open and explore the room tile.. i mean... the box, maybe it's a trap, maybe it's not! good luck! lol
does that mean the package gets a curse of the tomb trait? you have to roll a 4, 5 or 6 to open the package?
lol you guys! it could be a carnivorous scarab swarm unleashed by rhaz azul'ahamet's curse of the tomb caused by the packaged being jostled around too much in transit! rofl
@jeffery mcculloch:  you better check your package for a free-loading rat swarm. ;)
what the ... my package arrived at fedex in dallas at 18.6 pounds. by the time it got to fedex houston it weighed 22.3 pounds. odd.
i got my tracking number! it was just sent to my old email address, the one i used when i first backed this project. oh well. it says it should arrive on 8/29. that day will be epic.
@adam h: yeah, it doesn't look like they're going in alphabetical order, either but first or last name. wait!!! i checked my email again and the tracking number just showed up!  huzzah!
just got mine.  anyone looking for theirs, keep your eyes out for an email from trackingupdates@fedex.com.  email may come across as generic.....but the info contained is like gold.  can't wait for my shipment to arrive!!
18.6 pounds of gaming goodness is less than 200 miles away and moving in my direction. maybe tomorrow.
i don't know about the alphabetical thing.  i did not get one yet, and my last name starts with h.
@jeffery mcculloch: good to see they're at least to the m's.  still a long way from me, though.
got tracking number here in texas.
got my number a few hours ago and wow box is over 18lb according to fedex that is insane for board game even with minis.  shipping must of cost a fortune.
i have happiness. i have a tracking number.
tracking number is a go!
@corey (first names or last? :d  ) - thank you for the information. i appreciate it.. @eeg/chris, thanks for the update on the current standing of the remaining shipments.
i am beginning to experience great sadness. three kickstarters i’ve supported are all shipping and i haven’t received a single tracking number… *snirk* *sniff* *boohoohoo* no one loves me....   :-(
hey folks! everything is moving along as shown in last night's update! as i said there, there's over 1000 shipments to go out so it will take a few days for all shipments to go out.  stay tuned for that tracking :) chris
@christoper muzatko according to everything epic games, the fulfillment center is shipping based on alphabetical order for our names. we should be receiving tracking numbers in this order too. i am still patiently waiting for my tracking number.
from trackingupdates@fedex. sender is gtg.  18.6 lbs!!!
gaides, etc. > what email address did the tracking come from? - i still haven't received one (that i can find in my email) it was mentioned that they would be shipping no later than last monday. - still very much looking forward to this game! - i am also in the full painted minis pledge. maybe that delayed it a bit? *sits on the porch waiting for my package*
lol matt!!!
i need a tracking number for my missing tracking number.
argh...  where is that tracking number?!? so... close...
got my tracking
oh my... i may get the game late september in eu. :/
hey adam, steve, and gaides, we were told by our warehouse that all shipping will begin (usa first) starting this upcoming monday the 17th! thanks, chris
anyone get a shipping notice yet?
adam, i think the last update said shipping will "begin" by 17th so unlikely to be received by us on the 17th. here's hoping though.
just to confirm for shipping. should all copies be shipped by the 17th or should they begin fulfilling by the 17th?
awesome kevin! that sounds great! i hope it makes it to you before you're off so you can get the game cracked open and punched and ready to play! chris
just got the update and email that this should be shipping out by 8/17! i just so happen to be off from work next thursday and friday. coincidence? well, actually it is just a happy coincidence, but i'll take it!
(just a re-thought, you could use clear sleeves!) :)
also, carlos, as a major sidenote- many of the cards are double-sided! (all creature cards and story cards!) that's the majority of the cards!  i highly recommend you check out the components when you get them and then decide what you want sleeves for after that! --chris
hey carlos!  in the entire glory seeker pledge there's poker size- 183 and small size- 324. let me know if you have any other questions! thanks, chris
@ eeg. can't wait to get the game to my table. while re-reading the rules, i was struck by a lot of the changes that have been introduced to the game since the original kickstarter and rules book. you've changed the game from the original scenario cards and objectives to a scenario book. you've completely replaced the search mechanic to a semi-regular pacing mechanic.  you've added the soul monger. i'm curious as to if you'll ever get around to doing a post-mortem of the game and describe some of the challenges and goals that you faced and tried to achieve.  looking at the rules and the scenario in the challenge, you've obviously pushed to maximize the story elements of the game.  i think it would be a fascinating article for the eeg blog or topic for a podcast.
i watched gen con videos with your booth included and you guys were rock solid explaining the game. you've done an amazing job showing the solt and expansions!! can't wait to play it. can you tell me the total amount of cards that from all the boxes? i need to plan how many sleeves pack i'll need.
hey anthony! thank you so much for your support and for your wonderful compliments!!!
and david, thanks so much for the complements! we really work hard to give back to you backers and the gaming community! "of the gamer, by the gamer, for the gamer!" (that's our company motto!)
thanks so much david! it was a pleasure to meet you! so glad you had a chance to stop by!
omicron, it's about 18-20 lbs!!! ahhhhh!!!!!!!!  and yes... gripmat is .... well... :(
thanks kevin! we're really excited!!! cant wait for you to get it!
looks like i will be getting this before my gripmats.  before i was joking....looks like i was prophetic!.  c'est la vie.
cant wait ... cant wait .... cant wait  everything looked sooooo good at the booth !! @everything epic  i kind of miss spoke with the games being for sale ( i knew it was just a pre-order)... (blame it on the i phone quick text thing)  what i meant was it was just wishful thinking on my part that you had the games there so i could actually pick one up  :)
i went to the booth every day at gencon and i was floored by the quality of the components. the miniatures are simply amazing! much better than i expected. the card quality is very good and both sizes are standard so getting sleeves should not be an issue. i was probably impressed by the expansions as much as anything. they are in sturdy boxes and are heavy for their size. can't wait to get a look inside. it really looks like the wait will be well worth it. i have to echo the comments on the booth. easily the best looking in the entire room.
how much is my glory seeker stuff going to weigh again?  it looks like i'm going to have to get a storage solution for this game by itself!  i guess you really weren't joking about the size.....i don't suppose all the expansions are going to fit into the core box.
omg i'm salivating! the extra huge box of goodies can't come soon enough!
i am watching the videos from gencon about sotlt and i have to say that the game looks amazing! after this long wait, my initial excitement about the campaign was tempered somewhat, but seeing these videos has really gotten the juices flowing again. i cannot wait to play this. there is so much content there. the tiles look fantastic.
@ jkp: they are special versions of the special ops characters that come in the core game printed for gencon. the meteorite sample was for the first 113 people who pre ordered here at gencon! :) let me know if you have any questions! thanks for the comments!!!!
what are the gencon exclusive playable characters you gave out?  and what's with the piece of an actual meteor inside a tiny bottle?
@ jkp: no. we're only taking pre orders for future shipping.
sotlt being sold at gencon?
anyone onsite at the con mind giving us a review or first impressions of the final product?  i'm on tenterhooks waiting for more info and can't wait to see how it looks or more importantly plays.
@ stefan: thanks !!
@ stefan: lol ! we'd love to get to essen in the future !!!
looks awesome by the way!
bah, get a booth for essen! then i'd be more than happy to stop by :) oh well, maybe another time... :)
@ corey: thanks a lot!!!
hopefully i can make it to gencon next year. looks like you guys are having a great time there. the booth looks incredible by the way.
@ steve townsend: indeed !!! excitement !!!!
@ anthony gambatese: thanks for stopping by. however, i'm not sure if you came into the booth, because we have been quite busy. if you had you would have easily noticed that we only actually have the production air-shipped copies of the game and were only taking preorders in order to ship games to gencon customers.
it's august! tension building!
checked out the booth at gen con ... looks awesome  but considering they are being sold at the convention i wish they would have offered a 'gen-con pickup option'
excellent news, thanks for the update
hey steve! everything is going to get prepped and shipped in august! once everything arrives to our warehouse, which should happen over the course of the next week or so, then we will be able to formulate much more exact estimates for you! thanks, chris
when are deliveries expected to start in the uk?
absolutely!!! it's on a train to our warehouse now !!! ;)
did this ever get on a boat?
hah! we cant wait either! :)
i can't wait!!
thanks for your support anthony!!! can't wait for you to get your games!
well although there are delays (like all kickstarter projects) at least we do get constant feedback from epic ... thanks for that ... cant wait for the game!!
hey richard , all items are shipped at the same time !!!!! all items were manufactured at the same time and they're all in the shipping containers at the same time. that's one of the reasons for all the delays :) thanks so much for your support !!! chris
will the base game be shipped with all of the add-ons, or will they come 'some time in the future'?
hey jkp, the shipment is being prepared to get to the boat. should be in the water very soon. as soon as i have the boat info, i'll definitely be posting a "on the boat!!!" update! :) another day or two should get the boat to shove off! thanks a lot, chris
hey david, for gencon, we can not do backer pick-up because the week before gencon, the prep for the packages are already going to be underway and we don't have the ability to pick and choose which goes where. additionally, if we have product at gencon, it will only be a very limited amount.
on the boat today as guaranteed?
if you are able to get copies for gen con, would it be possible to allow backers to pick the game up there?
hey guys! the games are scheduled to be on the boat on the 20th (guaranteed by our factory) we have scheduled that pick up and if all goes as planned, you'll be getting an update from me with that glorious boat information update! then the games will enter the usa, go to our warehouse and fulfillment partner in the mid-west, and begin fulfilling right after gencon is over. we wanted to ship before gencon, however, because of shipping overseas, we need to be realistic and our fulfillment partner will be at gencon, so their entire team won't be in the warehouse to help with the fulfillment. so, alas, the week after gencon, shipping should begin! thanks for your comments! chris
forget getting it before gencon.  now its august.
chris, thanks for the update, can't wait
man, delivery timing is going to be tight.  i'm leaving town on august 5th for a 5-day reunion/convention, where we'll be playing board games most evenings.  i really hope to have sotlt in hand by then.  i know things are totally out of eeg's hands right now, but it's going to be really close!
hey steve! production is nearly complete. everything is being finalized and assembled (meaning, boxes are being packed etc! we're nearly there! another week and we should be on a boat! :) full update coming soon! thanks for your support!  chris
hi guys, any update for us?
no problem. production concerns should come first. thanks for keeping me up to date!
hey david,  sorry i didn't get a number of sleeves out to you yet... ill try to get you a full count asap... been very busy prepping keeping on the production. chris
yes, i am using sleeves. i plan to play this game for a long time and i want to keep it as pristine as possible. i will be at origins and may buy the sleeves there if i can get a good price. i am a glory seeker so i know i am going to need a lot of them.
hey david, what do you mean by card sizes? we have the poker sized card and the mini-sized card... do you want exact dimensions? and specific reason you're asking? looking for sleeves or something? thanks! chris
any word yet on card sizes? thanks!
hey michelle! yes absolutely ... backerkit is still open for anyone to change their information in. i will also be emailing through backerkit to remind everyone to update their info about 6 weeks before shipping. thanks! chris
simple question; is there going to be another email blast to get out updated addresses? i'm sure a few of us have moved since the game was backed.
thanks for the comments guys!!! we've worked as hard as possible as a team of 2, with many many many late nights and cups of coffee... we even went to china to make sure this thing was going to be as great as possible! we thank you for your patience and at this point, know that we've done all we can... and now it's in the hands of the factory to complete the printing and then in the hands of the shipping company to get it here! there's nothing else we can do at this point but wait and get pumped up! we have some very cool news coming up to share about future things, but for now, know that we're focused on getting this thing fulfilled and in your hands as quickly as possible! thanks so much! chris
this is my first kickstarter that is that late and to be honest i'm not that thrilled about that part. but if they want to make sure the game looks great and thats why there are delays, i'd rather have a great game that is late, than a poor quality game that is on time. and it looks like they were a bit overwhelmed with the campaign and everything. but at least they are very active here and always answering question, that helps a lot. even though i bought many games last year, too, allesandro, i don't see how this is relevant, i would've bought them anyway :) i don't think the graphic is poor from what i've seen and i want to see the miniatures myself before commenting on that. the prepainted ones weren't that great from the picture, but for what they cost they are reasonable well done. so yes, i'm really excited (again!) about the game and hope it holds up to my expectations.
i must admit to being a little surprised about the 1 year late comments. i've been part of some ks which funded over 2 years ago and there is no light in sight and they were no where near the quality and quantity of this game. as said previously quality is worth waiting for and this wait is almost over. keep up the great work.
two things that disappointing me most are 1. one year late, the graphic is still poor 2. one year late, the miniature is very disappointed
@alessandro, i hear you but, in all honesty; i knew this one would be late as it completely blew up with extra content.  while i'd have loved to have been playing it, i do say that the rules have me stoked for the final product. stay epic, my friends!
one year late!!!! in this time i have bought many other games!!!!!��
hey, adam! thanks for commenting! currently, i haven't put out a new update because nothing really exciting is happening other than manufacturing is putting together all of the dies for punchboards and preparing everything for print. all of their materials are coming in next week. all miniatures are going to be completed next week. and printing should be in full swing by next week. our hard deadline is to have all product shipping from china by june 10th so it arrives here by july 10th so it ships to backers and gets to gencon in time for the show! :) that's currently the full update that is ready so far! but other than that, everything is going well! the proofing process was quick and easy because there really weren't any errors in the proofs! (thankfully! :) i'll be putting all of that into a proper update very soon... hoping for a little more info to go with it first though :) --thanks again! chris
@chris, with it being almost a month since last update is there any new info about production? still on track to have the copies shipping mid june? want to make sure my gaming group is ready to do some serious tomb diving once it arrives.
absolutely!  be assured, i'll do whatever it takes to make sure that gripmats don't hold up your games. thanks  chris
@omicron, thanks for the warning, hopefully the gripmats will arrive before or with the game.
please make sure you check the gripmats if you were sent any, chaosmos kickstarter got theirs and the majority of them had scratches/defects.  i backed both gripmat and chaosmos, but i really don't want you guys to get sub par stuff.
to be honest, the bulk of the rulebook is perfectly fine with a few little questions and niggles.  i'm satisfied that i'd be able to play a game with only two questions regarding the stairs of blood being heroes only and if flyers can enter the pharaoh's hall from the mongol's hall. based on the rulebook, i'd say probably only boss monsters can make the trip from the mongol's hall to the pharaoh's hall and the stairs of blood act as an escape mechanism to the first floor and monsters can't follow. again, i'm just putting out the initial thoughts for a .9 faq that jumped into my head on reading the rules. when the game is in my hands, i'm sure to have a great time with playing it.
jkp  yes indeed you have teased us quite  a bit... we did hear you and we  knew we had to speed things up as much as possible!  certainly, our highest priority was to make sure everything was playable and that the rules would do their job, teach you the game! yes, we have found a couple small errors in this first printing and i'm sure a few more small things will pop up... however, as you've said in the past, we have to get this game printed... so we couldn't keep going back to fix small things... in future printings we hope to fix any minor errors that pop up... but for now, we had to push things along and get this project complete and printing so you can all get your games!!! :)  thanks  chris
i've been teasing them about the "greatest rulebook in the history of rulebooks after all this delay" and the "gold standard rulebook" since early dec 2014.  still having editing/content issues 5 months later makes me nervous.
not sure where you might want the rulebook queries and notes to be posted. are you going to put out a post mortem that explains some of the changes made in the past year during the refinement and production? searching has obviously changed the quite a bit from the initial kickstarter. was this done to keep the number of tokens on the board down? audacity tokens were also removed for being placed on a dial. again, to keep down the punchouts? now a few rule questions and notes: as you state that monsters on level 3 can't move to the 2nd level, except for bosses and or flyers. does this mean that bosses can move to any of the 3 rooms that "connect" to the mongol hall regardless of whether ropes have been setup (mine shaft, pit trap, and pharoh's hall) for choosing paths? can flyers enter the pharoh's hall or is that blocked off from them? finally, just a quick note that the stairs of blood are a one way trip to the sacrificial chamber, can bosses or any other creature use them or will they provide a quick escape from any monsters for heroes? on the character sheet diagram, you have st. george with all his stats but, the starting block states he should have a -1 starting courage rather than the +1 he has. i assume +1 is correct or the diagram is wrong. here's a bit of a garbled paragraph about rooms in the rules. i believe the sentence should be ...you will immediately search for the sacrificial chamber room tile and place it on level 1 stairs of blood reads: “adjacent to sacrificial chamber; if  not yet explored, search for and place on level 1.” if, when you  explore stairs of blood, the sacrificial chamber is not in  play, you would immediately search for stairs of blood room  tile and place it on level 1. page 30 under capture the grail variant. "for our recommended setup, see the figure below" no figure attached. a few lines later, "if you have an expansion packs (see page 30) when you meant 31. that wasn't too big, since it's the facing page.
the latest update states "regarding production, according to our manufacturer, we have about 30-45 days for printing and then 3-4 weeks for shipping! then games will be in the mail and out to you!". the inference from that could be that mailing will start anywhere from just over 7 weeks, to at least 13 weeks (potentially significantly longer depending on what the "then" bits mean in that quote).   rather than leaving us to infer our own date, could eeg please share their updated estimated date for when the game will be mailed to backers?
really  these are the minis of the game? they don't like me, i paint better. and i'm not a profy.
scott and adam! yes... i have most of the update loaded and written in the ks system right now... just getting the rulebook sized-down for pdf printable easy online web access so i can share that... i'll be showing you guys pics of painted minis, sharing the rulebook, and a quick update on timeline. thanks very much for your patience! chris
update time!?!
soooo, rulebook posted somewhere now?
hey jake!  yes! i'll be sending out the rulebook shortly... just have to prep the file for regular at home printing and wait for file approval on bgg. but i'll definitely be sharing that file asap! thanks very much! chris
well, as the files are pretty much done; any chance of getting a draft of the final rules in low-res .pdf on bgg for perusal?  not to make changes to the document, it's surely set in stone; but we'll be able to knock out the 0.9 faq before the game ships!  :d
thanks steve! we really appreciate your help with the process! :)
thanks stefan! we're really excited too! :)
as one of those lucky enough to have been one of the proof readers i can say with complete honesty the wait will be worth it.
thanks for the update, awesome news! can't wait to get my hand on the game!
thanks corey! nearly there!!! :)
looking forward to it! keep up with the great work eeg!
ok.. uploading painted miniatures pics to drive.  should be ready for update tomorrow morning! :)
hey jake!  no major problem.... we just want to make sure all of the symbols for attributes and other triggers/ adventure/misadventures etc... look great! :) thanks! more soon! chris
sorry to hear about the brightness issues.  still good thing you're staying on top of these issues and i look forward to the new images.
hey everyone! just a quick comment update: i'll be putting out a full update later today with more info and pics of the painted mini proofs! but really quickly: got the brightness proofs, they're a bit darker than we'd like, we're making some tweaks and sending out all of the files for final proofs this weekend! once all proofs are approved, all items will begin full production!!! more to come in full update later!  nearly there!!! thanks! chris
thanks adam! indeed we're nearly there! the home stretch is here!!!
after getting a chance to be part of the proofing and seeing how much this game evolved since the initial ks i cannot wait till i get this in my hands. i have many games in my collection that i picked up at my local game store and do not have half of the amount of detail or thought put into them as sotlt. for everyone who can make it till they get the game i can't imagine how you could be disappointed. it sounds like we are in the home stretch and the wait won't be much longer.
@j young   lol!   :p
@jkp once you take all the stuff out, you probably can squeeze everything into the main sotlt box, (which will be rather large!)  perhaps you may want to store your miniatures separately though :)
everything epic including the wait! lol
don't forget the gold standard rulebook :) so about the 12 boxes... will all of those fit into the big box or will it be taking up 12 box spaces on shelf?  just curious.
@alessandro  absolutely! we're making 12 boxes each one a masterpiece! :) i really look forward to you getting the product soon! chris
after very long time i wait a masterpiece!!!
excellent news. thanks for the prompt reply. can't wait.
hey steve!!! yes sir!!!  we've compiled and applied all of the proofreader's comments and suggestions.... doing a last few layouts and color brightness color proofs and waiting for them to be in the mail!!! (hoping to see them monday!) (little tweeks)  we want to make sure everything is the right contrast before printing! (not too dark.. not too bright!) thanks for the comment! chris
hey, how's the timeline looking? any news?
hey jkp and alessandro,  i just sent in a brightness color  proof. waiting for them to send me an update on that so we know our colors are good before we do our full proof! then mass production is next!!!  very excited!!!  thanks  chris
i don't think they know when they will hit the print button let alone ship.
some news for us? have you fix the delivery date?
thanks for the quick response ... cant wait !!
hey tony! yes indeed! the game will be going to print shortly... as soon as it does, i'll have a great idea as to the timeline and can then send out a full update on that..  but before that, we need to do a full proof print which i   would like complete after the factory opens again next week!!!  thanks so much!  chris
hey rebecca!  absolutely!  if you want to ask me anything specific please send me a private message or email at chris@everythingepicgames.com
hi, im tony ... ya know, one of the best backers in the world ... since we are coming up n the prestige's   'one year late anniversary' standard with all kickstarters now ...  any firm timeline yet ???
now that our games are being produced i would like to make sure the we get one with the character we supported with our $400 pledge.  is this your plan?  i am excited to see the game and playing it.  good luck with the finishing production.  rebecca
jkp,  as i said in my last update,  keep in mind that chinese new year is still going on... everything will print as soon as possible...  miniatures are all going ...  if all goes smoothly, everything will be printed and on a boat soon!!!
david,  i don't have exact specifications on me right now... but two types of cards,  poker size and small corey  card size... ill get better specs for you asap!
alessandro,  yes... we will make them available before shipping!
stopped by looking for the secrets of the lost campaign but found nothing as usual. is this thing ever going to print?
what are the size of the cards so i can stockpile enough sleeves?
but will be the espansions avalable on shop after the kickstarter delivery or not??
thanks rad!  we're getting there... to all: happy chinese new year by the way! :)
i dont mind few updates since chris so active on the comments section i just scroll down and check out that works on the game is still steadily progressing along. keep up the good work guys.
hey alessandro...  still in the process of finalizing some files... we're nearly ready to get all print proofs from the printer soon!  (there's so many files!!!)  great news is (which i'll put in the next update)  punchboards layouts are complete.... they look so cool!!!  all the rooms and tokens!!!  lol there so many of them!!!
some news? pics? update?
just reread my last comment and it sounds way harsher than intended. i love the fact that you guys are so active here and i wouldn't bother to write a comment here if i weren't really looking forward to the game. so jake put it in much better words than i did apparently. i blame poor english skills! i really don't mind delays if they are well justified and means we are getting better material, less mistakes, etc. just at least a quick line here is always appreciated, specially when you announce something and suddenly everything goes quiet. give us some mini update here, no problem at all :) so, really looking forward to the game and can't wait to have it.
jake! thank you so much for your very positive outlook and very powerful suggestions. i do really appreciate the way you said what you said and i'll be definitely be taking your advice. thanks so much for your support!  -chris
chris, i appreciate you are sometimes in a difficult position, between trying to keep up the spirits of the community and trying to keep up with the demanding process of proofing the game. thanks for your efforts in staying so active on this board and keeping on top of every request for information that pops up. while substantive information is appreciated in the updates, if you promise an update; at least post here with some information (such as nice art and more info about status is going to delay my planned update.  please stay tuned....) while 99% of your fans and backers will understand where you are, stating you'll be providing info and then not, such as the post from last friday; is a touch frustrating. right now, you still have my goodwill and full anticipation for the final project.  you've seemingly melded the best of games i've enjoyed into a much more satisfying game and i look forward to your latest update. thanks again. jake
hey stefan! what i'm waiting on, to show you all in an update, are all of the brand new expansion box covers (which are really cool) and they were just finished. my artist will be sending me pics of those that i want to share with you all to give you a bit more of an insiders look at our progress. i'll go over where we currently are in the process and what the next steps are!  my goal is to have something to show you folks when i put up an update.... lots of things are happening here in the background, such as final editing, compiling of the suggestions from proofreaders (which takes a lot of time) and final layouts of the boxes (miniature boxes remaining) and final punchboard layouts. we can see the light at the end of the tunnel, and all of that is going to be discussed in detail in the next update, but i've been pushing it back in order to share some awesome progress shots with you all. thanks for your comment and support! more info coming soon! (hopefully i get those pics tonight) but no matter what, i'm always here... ready to take your comments and emails/messages on kickstarter anytime at all! thanks again! chris
that is good to know. but still, it would just feel nicer and to be quite honest, more professional, if you wouldn't keep saying: yes, lol, nearly there, will do an update this weekend (like it happened more than once now) and just don't do one. i'd love to be kept in the loop, i still really like everything i see about this game very much and don't regret joining in! but keep us more in the loop about what's happening, specially since this project will be (at least) a year late and i'm not sure if you'll make... what was the latest projected delivery date? april, may? just be honest and tell us how things go and where you are. i also really do not want an inferior game, i'd rather wait and get the great game i hope this will turn out to be. so you have my full support as long as i know whats going on and why there are delays and whats causing them.
i'm happy to wait a little longer for a great experience. in the past 2 months i got 2 ks games and star wars: imperial assault delivered. so i've been splitting my gaming time between those 3.
adrian,  we completely agree... and i for one, have most certainly gotten a game that was impossible to play out of the box... (i've kickstarted over 100 projects)  and nothing to me is more frustrating...  so... i wouldn't do that to you! :)  thanks for your comment and support! chris
i for one am happy to wait longer for something that i can play out of the box.  too many nightmares with incomplete or just plain bad rules or bad editing on components.
thanks steve!  your help and feedback is much appreciated and is going to good use! we are implementing all of those outstanding comments and suggestions towards the rules and components as i type this! we want this game to be great right out of the gate! what we don't want is for you, the gamer, to need to do tons of google searches to find faq and errata text to figure out how to play the game! :) we want to make sure it's the best it can be right away! it's what the best backers in the world deserve! :) thanks so much again for your help steve! -chris
as one of those privileged to have been given the opportunity to proof read the cards and rule books i can say i completed them all and sent lots of info back. the game will be excellent, the artwork is fantastic just waiting to receive the scenarios to proofread now. my recommendation as a backer is to keep the faith. this will be worth the wait and i'm in the uk so will be waiting a bit longer!
hey dave! we've just finished the proofing of the cards, rulebook, and the room tiles! i'm going over all of those notes and applying all of the edits where able. were you on the proofing mailing list dave?
the weekend is over... no update... previous statement was proofing to be complete in december... proofing hasnt started??? sign me up for a refund.
@adam thanks so much for the great supportive comment! we're going to be sending out a bunch of new info this weekend with the box cover artwork! so! be excited! :) it's pretty darn thematic!
@alessandro  yes! we're almost done with the amazing box cover artwork which i'd love to share with you all! this should happen this weekend! i'll put out an update then! (we're nearly there! :)
@eeg still super excited and can't wait to get solt. i know people are getting impatient but i believe that once you get this game in their hands they will understand how and why it was delayed. i would rather wait 6 more months and get a great game that i can play for years opposed to getting a rushed game that has too many errors for me to play through. having said all of that, if you have any additional updates/photos/screenshots i am sure we would love to see them. i am very a ocd person and find component presentation to be a huge factor in my favorite board games. for example i prefer games where everything can stay organized once packed up and the next time i don't have to spend an hour going through and sorting things so i can play again. (lords of waterdeep knocked it out of the park with every single aspect of their box layout and organization.) again, i can't wait to get my hands on  this game and start diving into some tombs. thanks,
@eeg you have promised some pics of the tonn of materials of the game. i need see the component of the games in production. now i think its possible. thanks
@eeg has the emails been sent out regarding proofreading or are you waiting for all the layouts to be complete before sending out the emails?
hey richard and dave,  we're still completing the finalized boxes with all legal text and doing final layouts of the rulebook / scenario books for final proofing... so we're not printing yet... however, plastic production us already started and paid for... so as i've said in updates... we're in production already in that regard!  thanks so much for your support and patience!  chris
last word i can find on days says shipping mid january. haven't even heard it's in production. tired of excuses...
any word on delivery date?
@eeg.  chris, you need to talk to the gripmat guy asap.  his printer is going to charge him another 45k to try and finish most of the mats by the end of the month.  someone with some kickstarter cred needs to pull him back from the edge of the cliff he is about to jump off of.
@jake.  pretty sure production is taking place in europe, not china.
first of all, happy new year!  2015 will be the release of the sotlt and that should ensure a reasonably good second half of the year.  i'm not trying to judge, i'm just very curious about your experience with the printing of this game. obviously, it's been a much larger and in-depth project than projected and you've learned quite a bit about the process. second, did the new cuts fix the "tight" jigsaw problem?  i appreciate your attention to this but, haven't heard if you got the new samples and they fixed the problem. third, aside from the rules; are the rest of the files printer approved and ready?  i figure you'll need a week or two for your army of proof readers to get back to you and you to make any required changes.  can the production start without the rules? forth, with the chinese new year now smack dab in the middle of a hypothetical production run, will they delay the start until after the break or start work and resume after the break?  does anyone know if that affects component quality if they do take a break in the middle of the production?  if they aren't going to start until after the break, it'll push delivery back to late may-june, correct? again, looking forward to the game and some epic game times.
@omicron  thanks very much!   about doublesix  as a matter of fact, matt reached out to me and i gave him a couple manufacturing recommendations that would serve him well. your comments about him and his work i agree with 100%! perfection is what he wants, however, china doesn't really do "perfection" sadly. in order to make games for people, board games/tabletop games, we must be economical in this delicate low-profit margin world in order to keep a company alive. that's why we must use china... they can do amazing things... but never ever 100% perfect. i recommended to him if he wants perfect, to contact poland as well as germany and advised him of some contacts there... i also gave him info on who to contact at my manufacturer and others that i believe are reliable. my dice samples came out very nicely.. (no unevenness etc) however, it's expected out of 1000's of dice out of a mold, that some may have errors and minor issues.... nothing is perfect. i promise to keep my quality as high as possible, but i also promise to get this game to you as quickly as i can... as mikey says from teenage mutant ninja turtles "forgiveness is divine...but never pay full price for late pizza!" :) thanks for the compliments and for your great support! we're working hard here and we can't wait to get this epic saga into your hands and hear what you think!  -chris
@carlos/eeg  i'm aware matt's not making our dice.  i was just wondering if you producer was encountering the same issues as his...in an effort to maybe help him as well. re:gripmats..thanks for the update chris, your approach and open communication is much appreciated.  you give honest answers quickly that leave no doubt about your passion and commitment.  it would be great if others could learn from your example.
@omicron  let me put it this way... if for some reason, gripmat can not deliver in time for my shipment of games, i most certainly will not be delaying shipment of secrets of the lost tomb to wait for gripmats to arrive :)  i want you to have your games asap!  :)  so... hopefully we'll get the gripmats on time... but you'll get your games at a far higher priority than he's treating the mats. thanks very much for keeping your eyes on the updates for me.... i also am a backer of that kickstarter... so i'm also watching them too! :) thanks very much again for your support! chris
@eeg sadly, i think your optimism is misplaced.  i backed gripmat as well and they have continually let backers down with repeated  "printer issues."  update#93 from them put your mats at the bottom of the list.  they also have been selling the overages of previous runs of other designs online....while backers that wanted a lower popular design are being given the option of one of those mats...or just sit and wait...  thankfully, you are doing right by us.  basically...don't hold your breathe about the mats.
@carlos  thanks for the backup on the comment! :)
omicron, no issues with dice because we are producing our own dice, not having matt produce our dice for us. we worked with him and did a cross-promo, but our dice are not "doublesix" dice... they're being made and produced by our own manufacturer.  regarding gripmat, i have been in touch with him, and he's printing our mats, but production is down for the holidays, so hopefully we'll have those knocked out soon. i know he'll be printing ours with priority.  thanks for the questions! chris
@omincron, eeg is making their own custom dice as mentioned at previous updates
scott, i responded to your 1 message that you sent me just 2 days ago. please feel free to respond there, to keep your personal info private.  thanks, chris
@eeg  have you had any issues with your gripmats or dice yet.  i know both gripmats and doublesix have been having some production issues, although doublesix is because matt has no tolerance for anything but perfection (and we love him for that)
actually, it's not the most anticipated.... i'd love to find anyone to buy out my pledge or just flat out refund me. i've asked politely twice in privates messages...no reply. so apparently i need ask this way.
secrets of the lost tomb is in the running for the '20 most anticipated games of 2015' competition in the fantasy category, but it's going to need some help. vote it up here: http://www.boardgamegeek.com/geeklist/184508/20-most-anticipated-board-games-2015-voting-open
hey jeffery!  i have word from my rules layout artist that i should have a ready copy of the rulebook for proofing by tonight... that means, proofing can start new years day!  (as long as i get it tonight!) then i'll be sending out emails tomorrow to all chosen proofreaders to begin proofing with links to all assets and rulebook!!! very excited to get started so we can get printed!!! chris
has the proofing of the rules, etc. started yet? just waiting to hear one way or the other.
more pics will be coming soon... we will be having folks proofread and then the printing will begin! :)
it's possible to see some photo of the finish tiles, cards etc.??
@omicron - yep. too bad a few of them it looks like we'll never see :)
we're going to be sending out a sign-up form in a day or so to see who would like to be a part of the proofreading team :)
@jkp looks like we share a few projects in common...lol
i think nobody will mind an update per month, even if it is a minor one.
i, too, would be interested in doing some proofreading. hope we can catch most of the rules questions before release.
@chris - yes, i'd be willing to proof the final draft of the rules.
@jeffery it's still being completed in final layout graphics... it is near completion. next steps for the rules as well as the other components that we're able to easily share, we'd like to ask for backer volunteers to take a close look at for final "eyes on" just before printing. this will happen very quickly. my next upcoming update will discuss this and i will be calling for a special list of volunteers for these purposes. it's going to be quite exciting... we take our rulebook very seriously so we really want to make sure it's excellent! is this something you think you'd be interested in? thanks, chris
can we get the rules now? it has been a week.
@jkp, lol. well played sir! well played indeed.  :)
@@jkp me too!!!!!���
i'll wait for the 20 most anticipated of 2016 :)
secrets of the lost tomb is in the running for the 20 most anticipated games of 2015. http://www.boardgamegeek.com/geeklist/182853 i'm sure the kickstarter backers like myself and everyone at eeg is quite anticipant about the release, so vote it up. and, by the way, campaigning is absolutely allowed.
@jake see below to stefan about updates.... we really want to give you guys lots of info in our updates, rather than give you 10 updates with small amounts of repetitive boring stuff... but to reassure you, we're nearly there! just finishing the final edits and layouts of all graphics for the final printing process. with literally over 1000 components, this takes much more time then anyone could have estimated.... but we're almost there! :) thanks so much for your patience! we hope to have those files approved, just as you said, before christmas! thanks so much again for your support! chris
@joe sent you a message! thanks! chris
hey stefan! everything is on track to get the files to the printer this month! we're planning on updating everyone with a finished rulebook that everyone can take a look at prior to printing, hopefully this week! i've been trying to wait for the rulebook to come out so i can share that with everyone for the update... if it's not done in another day or so (waiting on our layout artist to complete it) then i'll just update with regular news, letting everyone know where we're at in the process! thanks very much for your comment! we really appreciate your support and patience! chris
last update has been more than a month ago, would be great to get some real news about the status of the game. with a game that late, i'd really appreciate a precise update with real news (like the october 26th update). how's your timeline coming along, any more delays? or is everything at the printer and you can relax now because everything else is finished? which is more or less what you hinted at before. more than once.
can i have my pledge refunded?
well, i for one hope to be thankful for word that the final files have been transmitted for production.  a christmas wish is that the production copies have been approved.  a happy new year is that the boats are on the way. i wish i could be playing this with my family and friends over the holiday but, i look forward to a new year dragging this around to conventions and game sessions throughout the next year. if nothing else, thanks for keeping us in the loop and have a happy thanksgiving!
hey scott! thanks for the comment! we're certainly not doing anything shady or weird here... this is just a giant project! we're also not here to admonish anyone or scold anyone for anything ever!  we're here to make great games and make people smile...  we want you to be happy with secrets of the lost tomb! that's our goal and we're doing all we can in our power to make that happen! thanks so much for your patience and support! chris
@alessandro, yeah. wish we could do something more to fix this one. but, technically eeg is not breaking any of the ks rules. so, they won't intervene....yet. i agree with you that all of the added associated ks'ers for the mini game and the extra miniatures seems kind of shady. i felt like they realized they didn't raise enough money during the first pledge drive and started the second one to make up for it. but, i've been admonished by eeg for suggesting such a thing. honestly, if i could unload this game pledge and get at least some of the money back that i have invested in this thing i'd be a happy man.
@alessandro  i explained in the last update that were in schedule to print in december. printing  and shipping will take a couple months... i recommend checking out the last couple updates for more specific info. we will be sending out another update very soon!  things are going great!  thanks very much for your support and patience!  chris
@jeffery i have pladged the game in july 2013. i am not interested in other kickstarter minis, so for me is one year and half that waiting for this game, one year and 2 months that i have payed for, and yes only 6 months late to delivery. and today i don't know when the game ll be ready, and nobody give to me some news about it. i think is not serious make a project in this way. my 5 cents.
@alessandro - i was noting your comment below on september 19. it has only been a year since the ks started, and the delivery is only off by six months so far. with the addition of many more minis for free and a huge number of stretch goals, i can wait until everything is done.
@jeffery why do you think that? i need the game, i need news of the game, every week, after 1 year and half, but............no game, no news, nothing. i start to belive that i 'll never get this game !!!!!!  eeg surprise me!!
alessandro, i thought you didn't need the game anymore.
now is it possible to know when you ship our game?? january, february...........2015, 2016 ..........?
yes indeed... behind yes... but thankfully we're making great progress!  glory seeker will probably weigh about 20 lbs lol
thought this ks is behind, it is not the train wreck that mr card game was.  almost 2 years late...and almost no communication.  at least we have communication!  btw, about how much is the glory seeker package going to weigh?
@alessandro i hear ya! kickstarter went up last black friday, and we really wanted this to be out months ago, but as i said in the updates, we had some major underestimation and now we're making good by it to make sure it's the best it can be! now that it's the best it can be, we need to get it ready to print! :) thanks so much for your support and patience!
sometimes done is better then perfect (after 1 year and half)
sometimes done is better then perfect (after 1 year and half)
... close eyes. open eyes. hey! what's this? oh, tiny epic kingdoms. never mind. close eyes ...
do you have an estimate on when this will be released? thanks.
hey guys! fear not! i literally just opened a box of mini samples (plastic minis) first samples... so... i'll be sending out an update very shortly! i'll be updating our timeline and letting you know where we're at! we're making amazing progress! really looking forward to sharing the news and showing the minis to you all!  thanks so much for your support!!!
+1 for a timeline update
i second that for a timeline update.  i am still super excited for this game. i think too many people do not understand the purpose of kickstarter. it's not always just a preorder. this game seems very detailed and will have tons of replay ability. i can't wait to play it.
since a number of things have changed since the last shipping estimate, could we possibly have an updated one?
close eyes. open eyes. drat! no game. close eyes. open eyes. damn! still no game. close eyes. open eyes ...
.....no game.
i just want my damn game.  that's not too much to ask, yet.....
second and third the supportive comments! christopher has been keeping us up to date on every aspect of the production, and compared to other ks projects this one is doing well.  looking forward to seeing the finished product sometime around valentine's day 2015.  :-d
i agree with steve. for crying out loud, we're getting additional content for free. this project scoped way beyond its original intent because we drove it that way, so we have no right to belly-ache about getting exactly what we wanted. when the game is done and delivered into our ungrateful, misguided hands we'll forget about the bs some are laying down here and enjoy more than we pledged for. we funded a creative process. we didn't pre-order a game.
@steve thanks very much for your faith and support! we're making progress! :) can't wait for you to have this game!!!
hey it's only been 9 months since we funded thus.  other projects i'm backing are into their 2nd year of delays and are nowhere near as complex as this project.  it's frustrating for everyone, including eeg so let's be a little more patient and wait a bit longer for this fantastic looking game, i may of course feel differently in 6 months time, but hey, that's 6 months away!
@rick great idea! i'll send an email over to my manufacturer asap! i probably will be able to get something this week! pics of the molds would be great!
@eeg: it would be great if you could get your manufacturer to take some shots of the factory, especially the molds. it would give backers some insight into the production process, and perhaps generate some understanding of the scope and scale of the project.
@neil thanks for the comment!  as you can see... i am not just a project creator... i'm also a backer... and as a backer (of 84 projects) i agree with your statement. i've received a few of the projects that i've backed so far... but quite a few have been delayed far beyond their original date and others i've heard nothing from them at all. and as i see this, we learn... we look and watch and pay close attention to what goes on. we want to make sure that we don't fall into any pitfalls or traps that hurt the project. we're taking the precautions and time necessary to do the right thing... rather than the cheap or slapped together with duct tape thing. we have indeed learned a lot along the way since the end of this kickstarter last year!  there will be an update very soon! :) we've got some nice new pictures with all of the new minis and we have some news about pacing and the project timeline etc... and as i've said, the production of the minis has already begun. making a game is very hard work and very time consuming if it's going to be done right. we're staying positive and pushing forward every day! :) thanks so much for your support!
out of all the kickstarter i backed, i've learned to take the expected date of delivery & add 6 months. id say about 70% of the time that was accurate...some finished sooner others later.  the delivery time was for the basic game w/o stretch goals.  stretch goals, and there were many, added to that time.  so while i appreciate your frustration, eeg & chris have responded to comments which is more than other ones i have backed.  let's give them the benefit of the doubt for now. their prototype was pretty impressive looking & both undead viking & the dice tower really seemed to like the game.  i have a good feeling about it.
@ rick. to be fair, i'm sure i'm coming off as impatient, and a total jerk. that being said, i think it's necessary, in order to light a fire under these guys. am i pissed about the fact that i don't have my game yet? you bet. but of course i understand, when they have the content that they do. the issue(s) i have with eeg are the fact that they keep setting dates that they're not adhering too, they keep creating new kickstarters for new (although, related) projects, they panhandled us for praise on bgg, and they have  yet to give us an update that has clearly laid out what they've used our money for, what's left for them to do, and a realistic release. these are issues that they have had numerous people bring up, yet they skirt around the topic with shiny distractions and excuses. i would have more respect for them if they flat out admitted they f*** up the whole process, apologized for the panhandling, and gave us a realistic release date expectation. furthermore, they keep talking about all the playtesting they've been doing, all the additional content they've created, and that the delays have been tied to all of this. my response is..."sounds like you should have had this all planned out before you solicited us for our money." these guys aren't bad guys. i don't hate chris batarlis, and the sarcastic jerk who mocked me for posting the kickstarter tos. i hate the excuses that they're giving their backers, and their refusal to give us some relevant updates. "hey guys gencon was awesome!" doesn't count as an update. "hey guys we have a new miniatures kickstarter project" doesn't count as an update. a laid out "this is what we've used your money on. this is what still needs to be done. this is how long that should take. this is when we should have the product made and shipped." is an update.
@joe personally, i thought may 2014 was too optimistic for a miniatures heavy game. given industry norms, i would not be surprised if it shipped before april 2015. even though they're receiving molded samples, they're still a long ways from the whitebox and final samples. if there are any issues with those (and there often are) that will add a month or two extra of delay. if there are issues with the whitebox or final samples, i've seen many projects that allayed those concerns by involving the backers in the process through photos and explanations of the issues. any delay will put eeg in danger of hitting the chinese new year, which adds further delay. factories begin a wind-down period, have a 10-day nation-wide shutdown, and experience a wind-up period afterward that can often add 1-2 months delay. as for progress, it seems normal, especially if molded samples are coming soon. at this point, the only thing i would fault eeg with is inexperience setting a too optimistic schedule.
@joe yes sir! i certainly have indeed read the new updated kickstarter terms of service! thanks so much for posting them here! it's nice to see! we are definitely abiding by those terms and will continue to do so! there is an important update coming soon as we have just today received in the mail the sculpted proofs of the miniatures as well as the physical dice!  very exciting! also there will be some more news about the first mold that has just been completed and we should have real molded samples very soon! we're also making huge headway in the layouts and asset preparation for printing area! and all that will be organized and discussed in the next upcoming update (probably later today after i can take some nice pics of the dice and minis etc... ) we will also discuss other important topics about the road-map in which we are following and how we're getting there to paint a clear picture of what's going on! :) so! have no fear, an update with progress and news is coming soon! thanks for your continued support joe!
kickstarter's new tos: "if a creator is unable to complete their project and fulfill rewards, they've failed to live up to the basic obligations of this agreement. to right this, they must make every reasonable effort to find another way of bringing the project to the best possible conclusion for backers," reads the updated document. "every reasonable effort" includes starting off with an explanation of the work that has been completed by that point, how the backers' funds were used and the circumstances preventing the project from being completed. creators must "demonstrate that they've used funds appropriately and made every reasonable effort to complete the project as promised," and throughout the process, creators must continue to communicate honestly with backers. and as always, creators are required to offer refunds for unfulfilled rewards, "or else explain how those funds will be used to complete the project in some alternate form." only if creators satisfy those stipulations are they considered to have met their obligations to their backers and "remedied the situation." finally, the terms of use explicitly warn creators that if they don't meet those standards, they open themselves up to possible legal action from backers. it's time to provide us with an explanation of the work that has been completed by that point, how the backers' funds were used and the circumstances preventing the project from being completed and then demonstrate that you have used funds appropriately.
@scott translation of a re-translation  if there are any more delays... which right now are not foreseen,  then we will certainly let you know about them as soon as we know ;)
this game for me is already an old game. i don't need it any more. it's possible have back my money??
translation: highly unlikely this game will ship prior to new year.
@kevin absolutely, i totally agree! for our first project ever, with tons of content, it was certainly very difficult to assess what our release date could be. if core game was all we were releasing, with no minis, and no special expansion packs etc... we would definitely already have had the game to you all! however, as you all know, this project went way far and beyond the original estimate and caused us to create, from scratch, tons of new content, and it also inspired us to upgrade almost 90% of the artwork in the game. ... it all takes time of course, and we don't want to just slap it together and ship you something that will sit on your shelf and never get played. we want to send you something that is well worth your patience, funding, and great support! :) so, we thank you again for your great suggestions and we look forward to updating you very soon on the progress!  :)
@michael thanks very much for the support and the suggestions! we certainly would update you all as soon as possible and if we do anticipate any delays to date we will certainly be up front about them. however, i don't find it prudent to throw out dates or times that are random or unrealistic. right now, as we've said in the updates, the molds for miniatures are being created. the first mold tests are about to begin in about 5 days. so we will be showing some miniatures asap! as we get closer to printing the game, we will then know a bit more about our timeline and then we can give a ship time update! we want this game out as soon as possible. :) thanks again for smart suggestions!
my patience left when they solicited likes and whatnot from us on bgg. panhandling for more money, panhandling for likes, panhandling for praise....all when we haven't had any solid date set...or any updates worth reading. eeg is the worst. as i have said before....first and last time i back an eeg project. 2 guys is an excuse. that's all we get from them. excuse after excuse after excuse. the right response from them should reflect "hey...you're right. we have dropped the ball. i'm sorry for the delay. i'll figure out a plan and we should have an idea when this will ship in roughly 2-3 weeks...then we'll let you guys know." butttttt no he just wants to give more excuses. "this is such a big project!" "we have only 2 guys working on this". here's the kicker guys....once you get things where you want them...production time, shipping time from china to us, and then your sorting time from that point until you ship is going to be months...not days or weeks...which means that we probably aren't getting this until march or april
for another perspective... while i'm anxiously awaiting solt, i'm also waiting for 3 other games i've kickstarted in the past year. as of today none have shipped and the durations so far are: 10 months, 9 months, 8 months (solt), and 7 months. they all estimated shipping in the summer. i think the main thing for backers to remember for most of these kickstarters is that they are small teams (unlike ffg, pp) of people with cool ideas. i've also noticed what appears to be the lack of a detailed project plan or a dedicated project manager. (but really not many creative people want to do a project plan, me included.) if all of these kickstarters had put together (or updated) a detailed project plan at the end of the kickstarter campaign (and updated it with delays, new information), they should have been able to see effects to the schedule (of stretch goals or any delays) and could then communicate those to backers. (although even then there would be people complaining about the delays.) none of the kickstarters i've mentioned above have communicated detailed schedules and so we are just left wondering. it's not just eeg. as backers, we need to take some responsibility to ask for a project plan and see if it makes sense to use. if one isn't provided, then we need to decide if we're going to back the ks, knowing the proposed shipping dates may be unrealistic. i think solt (and the other ks) are cool ideas and i'd love to get them sooner. but for now i'm still (somewhat) patiently waiting.
a "certain" date that you can definitely hit or even surprise us by getting it done before is better than "working hard to get the game out by november" which does connote some doubt. just one man's opinion...
hey, just a tip. maybe you should consider accepting your delay and change your target date to something you can actually hit? in the long run, it is a better strategy. my advice is to look over what you still need to do and be realistic. thanks!
@joe   we understand your frustration and we really are working hard to get the game out by november as we discussed in our last update. we hope you enjoy the game and we really appreciate your support in the early bird adventurer level. if you have any other questions or concerns, i'm always here to help!  thanks so much for your continued patience with the publishing process, it may seem daunting, and that's because it's a huge epic project, with many moving parts, so we really do appreciate your feedback and motivating comments.
so in summary: "excuse, excuse again, excuse again, no date when you're going to get your game." got it. thanks. this will be the first and last time i back something from you.
@joe  hey! thanks for your comment and for your honesty! we certainly appreciate all feedback and suggestions! we're a two man team working every single day to get this game completed as soon as possible. we did the best we could to anticipate the completion date for the original kickstarter, however, because of the amazing success of it, we had so many extra stretch goals that we had to complete it basically took the original core set adventurer pledge (your pledge the core game, an already huge and epic sized board game) and added on many many more adventure packs and expansion packs into the mix. what does that mean? that means we needed to create, get art for, playtest, and perfect those components.  we most certainly would love to have had the game released back in may and we wish we could have it released tomorrow, and certainly other kickstarters have fulfilled before we have, however, most kickstarters are not nearly the size and breadth of this project is. this is not an excuse, but rather the justification for more time needed to complete.  all items are created and promised together,  so, yes could we slap everything together and not have upgraded and added in the artwork needed, and could we have not gotten the rulebook edited, and not playtested the scenarios, and basically thrown it into the printing process and shipped it out and basically sent you all an unfinished product? sure! however, we will not send out an imperfect product and we will not send you a less-than-epic game! we're two guys and a dream.... we're not games workshop or fantasy flight games, or wizards of the coast... we're everything epic! and we work on this project daily and use all of our free time on this project. we send updates as soon as we have new and engaging information to share. hopefully you'll be able to be patient and you'll be able to wait just a bit longer for the best possible game you can get. i know you only got the core game and i know you only have backed 3 things, and you may have already received the other two games already.... but when i took a look at those projects, they're certainly not comparable to this project.  so, to sum up, i really once again appreciate your honest feedback and i look forward to shipping a great game out to you as soon as possible!
chris batarlis, i'm going to be blunt. we're unhappy. (when i say we, i don't represent the ks collective, but instead represent my household who was excited by this game when we found it on ks, and then have since become disgusted by everything epic games, and their inability to follow-through with their promises.) do we have a date on this yet? because every time i look...it keeps getting delayed. i wouldn't have backed you if i knew you would take this long to get the game out. it's not a question of patience at this point. i think we've all been patient enough. this is questioning everything epic games' committment to following through with their word. as of right now, eeg's word is as valuable as the garbage rotting in my trashcan right now. may, to september, to november. i got it that you're all trying to make things nice and look good, and everything, but we keep getting new updates reflecting something like "oh well we're putting new minis in!! ooo we have pretty dice now!! yay we went to gencon!!" and you are putting more time into things that maybe, just perhaps, not all of us want. additionally, the soliciting for likes and thumbs up and all that on bgg was apalling! you want us to push your product when you haven't given us anything? if anything, i'd be convinced to trash-talk eeg on the forums, commenting on your lack of ability to commit to a release date. delays, more delays, and more delays is all we're hearing about. if you guys keep getting hit by the "good idea fairy" and want to do all these exciting things, why not get the game out to your patient backers who you have yet to deliver anything to, and then offer the fantastic upgrades you keep pushing to people who want to pay extra, or wait extra time, ect.? i have backed 5 games in the period from when sotlt started until february, and have received everything i  backed with the exception of sotlt. this constantly and consistently delayed game has actually dissuaded me from backing another game on ks, due to me being at your mercy with my hard-earned money. enough is enough dude. get us a solid "this is what we're doing, this is what is taking us so long, this is when the game will be shipped" update, or give us our money back. you've played with my cash long enough. and i swear, if you post that the game doesn't look like it's going to be ready until january of next year (which, judging by your lack of respect towards your backers at this point...probably isn't out of the realms of possibility), i'm going to lose my mind.
thanks!
yes, except the minis will be unpainted.  if you want the minis painted then you neeed the $175 pledge in the new campaign in addition to your glory seeker.
sorry for the late question, but i am a bit behind in my kickstarter updates! i am a glory seeker pledger for the original campaign. the pledge level says i get everything in the game. does that mean i get everything that is/will become unlocked with the new campaign? or do i need to pledge to the new campaign?
@james yes indeed! there is already an option built in to that kickstarter! please go to the $10 level and pledge exactly what you already said :) $100 ... check it out in the $10 level! and remember, you get all minis from stretch goals here in this ks and the new ks too! :)
any chance us fortune hunters could get an upgrade option to glory seeker? say $100? i'd love to contribute to the new miniature one but it appears that the only option would be for $115 for just the minis and none of the glory seekers extras that new backers get.
@martin tomb raider only comes with the core character miniatures pack. the base game comes with the core minis pack which is 15 adventurer character minis! the new campaign completes the glory seeker pledge from this campaign and adds the additional unfunded minis onto the campaign and also adds the pre-painted option on! :) thanks for your question!
it looks like the base game now comes with a box of miniatures, is this correct?
i'm a bit confused about all these new projects. i originally pledged for the tomb raider - do i get any miniatures and if so what?
@dave lol... did someone fat finger the date?  hahaha! i like that...  no sir!  no fat finger... only an estimate that did not account for astounding success in stretch goals and massive extra content! we've upgraded the entire game and overhauled the whole thing with tons of new artwork and upgraded content... (which takes time but is well worth it)   molds are working now, we're competing the art templates and components and preparing to print everything! the layouts for rulebook almost complete and i'll be sharing that soon! ;)   november is still our goal!   thanks for the comment and support!  -chris
may... july/august... november... failed mini ks, its coming back, you say you want to ship everything together, so what are we talking about... did someone fat finger the 2014 date of may... and really mean 2015... or 2016...
@astral i'll try to get some pics of our company's painted model resume and also hopefully have real painted models asap!
commiserations with the miniatures ks and better luck with the relaunch. hopefully there will be more details on the prepainted figures - i was on the fence due to not having any idea of the manufacturer's painting skills. if they've done anything similar before, then posting a sample of their work would be a big help. as for delivery, december is a terrible time to ship items (christmas and other holidays) so if november is the goal, it would be prudent to have contingency plans where possible to counter further delay (e.g. shipping late components separately).
@jerry we're pushing for before your bday! :) but it will certainly be an awesome bday gift to yourself though!! :)
one update said august was the new due date (i wrote it down), now november?  my birthday is in november (26) so maybe by my bday.
@bill and thorbolt  hey! in updates we explain that all of the stretch goals and upgrades to artwork that were needed caused extended creation time, also time for editing of the rulebook and scenario books also takes time. we're in the middle of miniature molding while all other cards and items are being prepped for print! the new estimated delivery is november. thanks so much for your questions and comments!
this is not may 2014, is it?   when can we expect what we bought into?  just asking. thank you
any estimate on when we might be getting this game would be nice. thanks.
@edmund  that's a great suggestion and we will look into the easiest way to provide that for everyone.... we're working on that as we speak to make as much happen, within our deadline, as possible! thanks so much for the suggestions!
@jerry that's all done! we totally hear ya and really appreciate any support you're giving! it's all optional and much appreciated! thanks so much! you'll be getting a big progress update soon!
@patrick yes indeed! you'll be hearing a bunch of new info very shortly!
@astral we address all that in an update, however, i will certainly go back and do another update and do it up really nice! :) we definitely have some awesome new progress to share!!!
@paolo yes indeed! zombie versions will be in the game! and they will be very cool! (sorry for late response!)
the $25 dollar i posted is just a number i pulled out of the air and by no means a hard set value to me.
i see the mini ks has stalled.  i should have posted this sooner as it might have helped with the mini ks but i digress.  when you relaunch the minis kickstarter i would be inclined to back it if you break down the minis into groups that you can back say 5 groups at $25 ea.  i don't have the money to go full board into this game and i don't have the money to get every mini for a game that i don't have every expansion for and quite frankly doesn't add to the game play. what i would like is a monster minis kit to match the scenarios i am getting to go with my character minis.
i agree with patrick, a simple update as to when we might get the game would be nice.  i too am tired of all the advertising of how great gencon went.  also don't feel right advertising for you on bgg with all the likes and thumbs up you keep forcing on us.
is there a chance of a secrets of the lost tomb update #74 that talks about where we are in the scheme of things? just the sotlt game.... no more hotness, no more likes, no conventions, no old 3d painted renderings, and no other projects mentioned? unless i missed it, 2 months have passed since a great update.
asked this previously at https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/everythingepicgames/secrets-of-the-lost-tomb/posts/921800… but didn't receive a reply so am asking here: *who is doing the actual painting for the pre-painted miniatures? will it be the manufacturer or a third party? *are there any samples of their previous work that backers can review, before committing to the pre-painted upgrade? *how much extra time will the painting add to the production schedule? thanks.
hy chris i see that all is going in the right direction ..i can see that if a creator of a project on ks is going to make  such a complicated game with minis ,tiles and script well....delays are just around the corner...anyway i saw your skeleton with horns ;) seems similar to one of mine ;)) good looking skel !! i cannot lie saying that i wish the game was just in my bare hands at this moment ..we will wait for a complete experience.. just a question do the core set will come with carboard tokens  and will also include  their zombie versions too ??
http://www.kicktraq.com/hotlist/
because of backer help, we've already gotten to the hot list on kicktraq! because of you awesome people! thanks so much! check it out here:  http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/everythingepicgames/secrets-of-the-lost-tomb-the-miniatures-adventure/
@scott bauer thanks for the comment! i appreciate your candidness and as you know, we're working very hard to get this done! we're trying to show as much as we can and we are always 100% open to any suggestions or requests! we try to fulfill all of our promises and more to the best of our ability! no need for any feelings of foreboding! :)  (until you're in the tomb dealing with tons of creatures and challenges :) we've been showing hundreds of new pieces of artwork and keeping you all updated as much as possible. because of the stretch goals we hit in this campaign, we had to complete lots of brand new content! that content had to be created, perfected, and playtested! then we had to make sure that the artwork was up to par and fit the new items in the game! we know we can't please everyone... but we do indeed try!  keep your head up scott! we appreciate any bgg shares and likes etc... that you were able to do and we really appreciate any support you can give! every little bit does indeed helps us get fans needed to help make this game the best it can be! without you fans and backers, we can't do a project like this! :) we will be at gencon all weekend in the first exposure playtest hall! you can come play the game for yourself and meet us, ask us anything, and see the miniature samples in person!!! we hope to see you there! chris
@ joe hudak, no my friend, you are not the only one. in fact, anytime i've asked a justified question i get a five paragraph, overly defensive, reply. the continued hawking of this game in the form of the stand alone mini game ks, the current miniature ks, and the constant requests to give thumbs and add comments on bgg to an as-yet non-exist game, leaves me with major concerns. i've been doing this a long time and this is the first time that i am having  a feeling of foreboding about how a project is going. time will tell. manufacturing delays are to be expected. i will feel better when we see an actual production piece instead if a 3d render. hopefully, we will see something worthwhile in the next month or two. cheers
@terry hey! :) we hear ya.... before we can get any pre-painted samples, we need renders for our painters to make them with! :) the funding from the campaign is what needs to help make this stuff :) we hope to have the color physical samples soon! thanks very much for your support and patience !
hey richard! we're working on it all simultaneously! the game is already in production with all of the miniatures! our estimated ship time, as we said in updates, is november. printing september, shipping october, arrival november ship to you! :)
to be honest, i want to see the real prepainted sample, 3d render colored image doe not mean anything to me.
i've lost the bubble here.  i did not participate in the second, miniatures ks.  when should i expect to see the original game shipped out?
@maken x no color painted samples yet... we're working on getting some examples together.... if all stretch goals are hit, glory seekers will get over 100 miniatures and 20 custom card stands!!!
@matt thanks for the kind words!
thanks for the reply. are there any pictures of painted sample of the miniatures? also, what's the total number of minatures for glory seekers? thanks again for the reply.
@joe - i think we're all disappointed that the delivery date went from may to august to maybe late october/early november.  as for myself, i've been through enough of these board game kickstarter campaigns to know that it takes times to develop and test game content for stretch goals.  i've been impressed with the content that's been shared so far, which is why i decided to upgrade my pledge to glory seeker.  even so, i still think it would be a miracle to go from funded minis on 8/20 to delivered minis on 10/31.  basically, they'd  have to ship the minis from china within 3-4 weeks of getting funding.  but these guys are epic, so we'll see!  :)
@maken x  thanks for the comment, you need to pledge more for painted minis yes! you don't need to pledge more if you're a current glory seeker to get all unpainted minis (included) the new campaign gives you all of the new minis (when funded) and any stretch goals as well! :)
@stephen thanks :)
@maken x you need to chose the $10 'upgrade level' and pledge $175 to have the mini's pre-painted.
ok the new campaign with the miniatures got me a bit confused. haven't got much time to follow the news as i'm really busy lately. here's my question: i'm a glory seeker here. do i need to pledge more to get the painted miniatures from the new ks? thanks.
i'm sure its difficult to make everyone 100% happy. i'll put my hand up as one that would like to see all the minitures completed as i like minitures games.  hopefully it gets the funding required so things can move quickly.
hey joe! i completely understand your concerns!  i've been updating the backers about progress through and through during the campaign, about how we've been upgrading the entire game and showing you hundreds of pieces of artwork... if you go back into the updates, you'll see thousands of hours of work that we've been completing since the end of the campaign and i can proudly say that we've made tremendous strides!  our motto is "of the gamer, by the gamer, and for the gamer" and what i've observed and what's been communicated directly to me, by many fans, is that they wanted to see the completed miniatures set done in order to have the dream fully realized. it's certainly not about pan-handling... it's not adding on any more delays... it's all about achieving a completed product. we're trying our best to complete everything in a timely manner, and as we've candidly told everyone in our updates, we had tons of stretch goals to complete... we got over 200 percent funded, therefore, with all of those stretch goals, tons of scenarios, characters, room tiles, lots and lots of content... we had to complete it, playtest it, and make sure it was the best possible product so that when we do have everything made and manufactured, those shiny games that arrive at your doorstep, put an epic smile on your face. i am sorry that you're disappointed. i hope you can be just a bit more patient .... in just a short couple months you should have secrets of the lost tomb to you! thanks so much for your support! we at everything epic games are working hard, every single day, to make this the best game it can be. -chris batarlis
chris batarlis, i must say i'm sincerely disappointed with the lack of progress we've seen in regard to this game. all i'm seeing is a request for more money, and of course, people seem willing just to throw money at you for it. i am not one of those people. i backed your project based on a projected date of may, when i could get my copy of the game. instead of telling your backers that you have good news, and that our money has actually purchased something, you want to pan handle for more money for painted miniatures. instead of throwing shiny things at us, can you deliver what we signed up for? i'm sincerely shocked i'm the only one saying this.
@terry and chris the tokaido kick starter had a painted option as well.   they started off with a pre painted option that looked impressive, well to me anyway.  as they passed stretch goals and got to greater funding levels, they upgraded the pre-painted option with additional effects near the end.  this was after lots of other upgrades – different priorities for different kick starters i guess. i think this provides some idea as to what is possible though for the funding amounts (you also need to consider that this was full pre-painted game for $115), https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/funforge/tokaido-collectors-edition
hey terry, the intentions are to have best paint we can for the budget we have! however, currently, we're unsure of our max budget (i.e. kickstarter funding)  that's why it's tough to know exactly the best we can afford just yet...  our intentions are to do good amount of colors and a wash as well.... however, as i said...  no way to know our full best budget yet... the better the kickstarter goes, the more painting budget we will have :) thanks for the question!
is there any prepainted samples of the minis?? i want to see how well is your pre-painted skills before i upgrade it. is it just plain color or u will do shadow and wash...etc?
update incoming!
@chris will do
@rad  yes indeed!! being an original glory seeker,  all we ask is that you spread the word!   thank you so much for your support!!!
@chris im at glory seeker with this one, so i dont need to pledge more to get the minis from the miniature ks thats running right now?
hey everyone.... just wanted to share a podcast where "not just another gaming podcast" discussed secrets of the lost tomb and the upcoming kickstarter! :) check it out!  episode 51 (about 25 mins in)  http://www.njagp.com/
@carlos... not sure of doublesixes deadline! i encourage you to go comment over there and ask on doublesix! they are very kind and open to questions! ;)
so you foresee everything is finalized and sent in late summer, but regarding to the next ks project miniatures at 17th july will not delay the shipping. glad you decided to produce the custom six dice to be sent along with the game, but what about the double six dice. will they be sent later?
heh... i also backed them... too... i hope it all works out for them!
maybe you'll be able to help them with their issue with their initial  manufacturer (i backed them as well)
we are not using actual doubke six dice... we got license to make the designs ourself... we are molding and making our own custom dice... ;)  no delays because of them...
how are the delays with doublesix dice going to impact delivery of this game for those who got them?  that project doesn't sound like its going to ship for a long long time.
@scott  we're working our epic-butt's off to perfect everything as quickly as possible! i'm still doing my best to have this shipped out late summer as we've discussed!  we're going to be starting the manufacturing/molding process of the miniatures very soon which is the longest process as we finish up the final editing and perfecting of all of the new components! ;)
@david  sadly, no... we will not be at origins... however we will have a strong presence at dexcon in nj and we will also be at gencon as well!
so, what is the approximate release  date for this game at this point? fall 2014? winter?
are you planning on having a presence at origins? i would love to get a good look at the game and maybe get at least a demo; drool.
hey jake!!  not just yet! but as soon as we have them we will most certainly be showing them off to you!! our goal is to finish all of the room tiles first...  (were on the final 10 (2 of 10 done) for expansion adventure packs and the  the 13 special triangle tiles for medusa's meridian!) but we're really moving at a great pace... so we should be done with the tiles very soon!  thanks,  chris  (update with 3d models and more info soon!)
so, any pics or renderings of the interlocks for the tiles?
indeed!  we're still putting the finishing touches on everything!  i'll be putting out an exciting update this week to give you all an update on progress and to show you all some awesome new artwork  and miniatures!
richard: end of august. see update 60.
are we still on track for a may release?
hey robert!  i also do that quite often! about lots of games lol...  we're working hard and we will have more progress and news to show soon!!!  ;) thanks for your support!!!
i was playing betrayal at house on the hill yesterday and was thinking about how much i'd rather be playing secrets of the lost tomb! i can't wait!
double six dice...  yes!
thanks for the reply. does that mean the glory seeker also have the d6 custom dice as well? thanks.
gripmats and tee shirt
what add-ons are not in glory seeker? thanks.
@matt we did not originally have plans to make it to origins this year as of yet... however, i will look into possibilities and see if i can somehow make it over there! :)
@chris:  will eeg be at origins this year, possibly running a game or two of sotlt?  that's my only "big" convention this year, and i'd love to try out the game. @paul:  the new target month for delivery of sotlt is august, so we still have a few months to wait.
@chris,   thanks for sharing your mindset on this and i acknowlege the lack of early birds as a significant difference.  my perspective is clearly narrower than yours, but i am totally onboard with the more everything idea, now and in the future.   spreading the word about this project has been an honor and i look forward to more epicness.   the raiders idea was brilliant, by the way.
@paul thanks so much for your comment! we have some important differences between the pre-order system and the kickstarter... there are no early bird offers and only 3 different pledge level goals that are offered at the pre-order level. this logistic decision helps people who missed our kickstarter from earlier get on board because of our holiday season kickstarter and also gives the opportunity to those who also wanted to help us out get into the kickstarter as well... this helps spread the word about the game which helps us continue to make cool games like this one :) we want to get the word out and keep our gaming experiences strong! in order to do that we need to print and manufacture as many as possible... therefore the more backers we get, the better we will be able to have the game available in retail stores worldwide! the less backers, the more delay there will be between each print run and edition of the game. :) there  are lots of things to take into consideration.. and i hope you understand that it is very important for us to get the best about of games out to all kinds of people all around the world to help people meet us as a game company and get to know us :) thank you paul for all of your support and for your kind remarks! chris
it's like 3 months after the "hurry and don't miss out" message and anyone who wants in, at any level, can get the exact same deal as i and the other 684 ks backers, and delivered at the exact same time.   i am very glad to have helped fund this game, but this "preorder issue" is likely to undermine people's motivation to pledge early in any future ks projects.   the items listed as ks exclusives are apparently not exclusive, and that affects my perception of the value of the ks edition and the value of pledging early.  it wouldn't take much to eliminate this issue...like actual exclusives or actually delivering early.   all that aside, i eagerly look forward to playing this (not much longer to wait now) and backing possible future expansions.   oh, one more thing...the relatively short time between the funding period and the anticipated delivery is fantastic, thank you so much.
update incoming!!! (at pax east!) please comment if you're here and you wanna meet up and potentially play secrets at some point!
thanks guys!!! really looking forward to you guys getting the game!!! :)
chris, the timing is perfect now that i have some extra funds to toss in.
@anthony: i'm sure you will get a lot of fun out of your glory seeker pledge. for me, the glory seeker contained some items i didn't want. by pledging at a lower level, then buying the remaining items i wanted a la carte, i was able to get exactly what i wanted while still saving $70. that's enough to buy 1-2 other games. i'm sure i'll get plenty of mileage out of the 10 scenarios and 80+ tiles coming in my package.
hey michelle!!! thanks so much for the feedback!!! i am going to send out a survey to the backers on probably google docs survey to hear what everyone thinks about us doing that! i hope we can get this done so we can get all minis done simultaneously and get them in everyone's hands quick! : )
chris, i would totally back a kickstarter for the rest of the mini's and adventures. i'd love a decent pre-emptive notice, so i can save money to get everything else i missed and want for my game!
@debbie please send me an email or direct kickstarter message about this issue.  i can help.  thanks!  chris
so i added-on funds for 3 sets of standard d6 - only now there aren't any. the new double d6 dice are a different cost...i either have to pay more or lose $4?
@corey were still looking into doing a secondary kickstarter for that and a miniature game to facilitate making the rest of the miniatures and help finish a couple adventures... i am gonna poll the backers about  that... what do you all think about it? :)
i'm a glory seeker backer and really excited for this project. i am just curious if there is any new information regarding the mini stretch goals and adventure packs that were not met.
@debbie   gripmats and tee shirts
is there anything not in the glory seeker level?
@anthony thanks for your support! some folks like to get extra items for other people etc.. but it is 100% available for upgrade to another pledge level if you desire to do so :) i.e. if you're at a lower level, you can upgrade to 60, 150, or 250 level (adventurer, fortune hunter or glory seeker) you may automatically upgrade inside  of the pledge manager system with the drop down box in the welcome screen to upgrade if you desire! : ) not necessary, but it's available for anyone who would like to! :)
well matt, i for one didn't any of the add-ons ... i went all out and purchased the glory seeker right from the start :) which pretty much comes with everything!!
@chris: yes, that update on the dice et al was very helpful.  thanks!
@matt  you got the update with all the info in it i'm assuming right? :) the update was partially inspired by your comments and some other folks as well ;) great choices getting the tile packs!!! :) well worth it and they're going to rock!! :)
who else besides me went crazy in the backer kit and purchased almost as much in add-ons as his original pledge?  8-0 i ended up snagging the secrets and passages pack, the trap pack, more dice, and the boss monster minis pack.  august can't come soon enough!
i've completely lost track of what's happening with the dice for this game.  how many dice will be in the base game box, and will they be standard d6 or double-six dice?
backers!!! the backerkit is live and has been sent out to you all!!!
thanks matt! we're doing our best to make sure the mechanics are as good as can be! it's not easy... but it's gonna be worth it!!!  :)
wow!  that sounds like a perfect solution!  it allows for all tiles to be used without introducing the frustration of exploring endlessly for a certain tile.  as long as the mix of "scenario symbols" on the tiles remains fairly consistent when adding each expansion, the difficulty of a scenario should be reasonably consistent from play to play.  i think that's important for co-op games.  you don't want a cakewalk one time, only to be crushed by the same scenario (same side, same mix of objectives) the next time.  as players get more familiar with a game, they want to be able to reliably tune the difficulty to their skill level.
hey matt!!! quite simple sir!!! all you do is add them into the stacks!  (you may remove tiles and interchange them as you wish... however there are specific scenario tiles, that will be marked, that it is recommended you dont remove because of theme... but we recommend making a big stack of tiles and playing that way! ) we have some great mechanics to help characters find what they're looking for in the tomb without exploring through the stack for a specific room for ten million rounds lol... the mechanic, basically explained, will be a set of symbols that are common to specific tiles in the game (some easy to find... some rarer) that when you come across them, you do everything that the room says first, then you check the symbol and match it with the scenario... the scenario will tell you what happens next... depending on the symbol... i.e. chris st. george walks into a room... it's an adventure... he deals with the adventure and also notices that there's another symbol on the tile... he checks the scenario and it says "you've found the piece of the artifact you were looking for" chris is happy!  (and so forth! ...) this will help progress the story and keep replay value up because it game play order will change depending on what you find and where in the tomb... if a specific tile must be found in the tomb... there will be a unique game trigger that will spawn the tile.... i.e.  "search the tile stack for "the room tile in question" and place it on the "level needed" according to the theme of the scenario... we did not make this tedious... we strive to make this as fun and fast paced as possible!!! i hope that helps!!! thanks for your comment and for your support and help!! chris
i went back through the previous updates and didn't find much information explaining how the "secrets and passages" and "trap pack" tile packs get integrated into the base game.  i really like the look of the tiles, but i'd like to know more about how they get used in the game before i add them to my order.  looking at the trap pack for example, would i remove the trap tiles from the base game and substitute the tiles from the trap pack?  or do i simply add all new tiles to the stack?  what about the secrets and passages tiles?  if the tiles from both packs are simply added to the 50+ tiles in the base game (resulting in a stack of 80+ tiles), then i could see the game becoming significantly more difficult to win, especially if the scenario being played requires a specific room to be found.  i hope eeg is working out a way to use these extra tiles without disrupting game balance.
awesome new update coming soon! also dont forget to check out raiders of the lost tomb the micro game on kickstarter now! : ) https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/everythingepicgames/raiders-of-the-lost-tomb-the-pay-what-you-want-mic
matt! the boss minis will sometimes be out at all different times of the game! there will be scenarios where the boss mini is already out or you will need to use them mid-way... there are some scenarios where it's just a final battle!  also, everytime you play a scenario it can work out differently when the boss comes out! which of course, keeps replayability up!  therefore, the bosses may show up sooner or later depending on how the scenario is played!  sometimes that epic final battle might take a while.... or you might have to race over to the boss with another giant monster (water colossus vs land goliath!) to fight the boss with "one if by land, two if by sea" ... you'll see... heh heh... i dont wanna ruin too much with spoilers though....  :)
@chris:  makes sense.  i'm just trying to figure out which 2 extra adventure packs to get with my pledge, and knowing the character minis won't be in the men of bad intentions pack (for now) means i can pick any adventure pack, as they will all be the same from a component perspective. i'm still really on the fence about the boss minis.  am i right in saying the boss usually only enters the game near the end of the adventure?
hey matt! thanks for the suggestion on the game salute meter tracking system... it's cute! it's tough to tell what the accuracy is truly, but it's a neat visual! there are only two character miniatures that from the beginning of the campaign we discussed that the miniatures were all going to be included in the wave 1 miniature set. however, keep in mind, as we've discussed previously, we're working on doing the "secrets of the lost tomb" miniatures game kickstarter as well, which will be a huge proponent to change.... and the major change would be how the miniatures are oriented! if we are able to make all of the minis as we originally wanted to, then it makes total sense to package the minis with each expansion pack that they belong with.... i.e. 2 characters and the 2 boss monsters in each expansion! (or, do character mini sets and monster mini sets separately) but currently for us, it's not a smart packaging and logistics direction to have so many separate packages, or to put minis in one expansion and not the others.... it's better for us to include them with the wave 1 pack for now, until we see if we can raise the funds to create the other moulds for the rest of the miniatures... like all 8 of the other characters as well as the other boss monsters... 4 horsemen of the apocalypse etc!  so, long story short, the decision is not final, however, with our current project, before we are able to promise the rest of the miniatures are to be made, we are "planning it out" this way... if our kickstarter to complete the miniature set and release the miniature game rules is successful, then we will be able to change the logistics of packaging, (which will make everything easier) and make things a bit more logical in the end! i hope you understand that these decisions come from the standpoint of small business logistics and that we are not yet wizards of the coast or fantasy flight games... so we need to do things a certain way to stay in business :)
bummer to hear that the character minis in the expansion packs are only available in the boss monster wave 1 pack.  since the base game comes with character minis at no extra cost, i would have thought the expansion packs would include the character minis (for those packs that reached that funding level).  that way players who want all of the available character minis (but don't care about the boss minis) could get them by buying the appropriate adventure packs.  as it stands, to get the character minis for men of bad intentions, i have to buy all of the boss minis too. while the boss minis will look really cool, i suspect they'll only be in play near the end of each game (once the comet track his the target number).  to me, this seems like a lot of money for not much in-game use.
fyi, game salute is using a simple but effective status bar for their wok star updates.  you can view it here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/gamesalute/wok-star/posts/757505
@backerkit... i'll tell ya backers... we honestly are almost done... we just have so many add-ons that we needed to add that it really is time consuming to go through ad create sku's etc for each item.... but we're in final edit and review, so the backerkit should be up soon... we're just checking to make sure everything is there and available to all backers!!! thanks so much for your patience! chris
hey matt! no problem!!! the men of bad intentions pack comes with the two adventures, the two room tiles, applicable cards, and characters... all boss monster minis, and "stretch goal character/boss minis" are all included in one pack ... the boss monster wave 1 pack. you'll see it in the backerkit as an add-on  :)  there are some really awesome minis that come in the pack! :) thanks so much!!! let me know if you have any other questions! chris
sorry if this has been asked before.  for those of us who did not pledge at glory seeker, if we select the men of bad intentions adventure pack as one of our additional packs, will it come with the boss monster minis for that pack (since that stretch goal was reached)?  or do we have to pay separately for the boss minis for that pack?  i only see one boss monster minis add-on, which appears to be for just the boss monster minis for the base game.
yeah a certainly interesting idea for sure! i'd love to give you folks any sort of info that would make you all feel engaged and happy with progress! :) we certainly making lots of progress and working very hard! :)    (i.e. not on vacation or at beach... lol.. it's like -10 degrees here in nj )
i'm glad jake asked the question about % complete for the artwork. i was thinking that a simple status bar or something similar could be used in each update to provide an overall project status.  for example, if the project overall is 70% complete, then you could show a bar that is 70% filled in.  in the following update, if you've completed another 15%, you would show the bar at 85% full.  it may sound simple, but it would give us backers a better sense of overall progress toward being able to send final files to the printer.
absolutely jake... glad to hear from you! i'm here if ya need me!
thanks for the reply.  i eagerly look forward to your future updates and the eventual delivery of the game.
hey jake: art to be completed we've got about 30% more art to complete approx. including rulebook layouts... scenario script layouts, tiles, character art/and 3d art etc.. interlocking tile system: we're working on a couple different prototypes for those... we're trying our best to make sure we dont take away from the inner tile artwork... this is a high priority to us for sure! we'll try to share when we have a couple of completed versions! and right now we're looking at germany and china.... usa is pretty much impossible... unless you're doing a strict card game or if your quantity is super high... but still... it's practically impossible to do miniatures and plastic pieces etc... in us... because of labor costs mostly... :( it's sad... because i'd love to print here... but alas... we can't do it just yet...
just a couple of quick questions: first,  about what percentage of the art is still needing to be generated for the various tiles and pieces? second,  the jigsaw effect, do you have a prototype with some art from different tile sets.  i'm surprisingly curious to see how the art is impacted by the interlocking pieces. finally, if this was posted in previous updates, i missed it; are you producing the game in the usa or overseas?  i'm curious about the state of game production in the usa as most games seem to be made in china these days, aside from a few card games.  i can understand the prices are much more competitive but, production delays seem to be more prevalent.
the update is posted db :) you dont have to imagine the worst anymore! --chris
hey db! i wish i was on a beach dude! :(  we are in super snow land here in nj!!!! and yes indeed... working our butts off on this project! i was literally just "rounding up some new artwork to show off to you guys when i got your comment!!!" we're not worried at all! i was on the phone with backerkit today working out some final details ... because there are lots of folks who want to upgrade their pledge levels so i want to make sure that will be possible for them! i'll post another cool update in a few mins and share some new awesome artwork with ya'll!! :) i mean, you are the best backers in the world.... right? :)
when is the backerkit going out?  it has been 49 days since funding.  we've had 3 updates in that time.  1 update asked for another ks, and showed us 2 minis.  1 update told us how great the game is, according to a survey.  and the last update shows us 12 pictures, 14 days ago, promising the backerkit soon.  delivery was supposed to take 5 months, of which 1.6 is gone already.  i backed a different game after this one, and have already filled out its backerkit equivalent. . i can't tell if chris is on a beach somwhere, madly worried about stuff he won't talk about, or somewhere in between.  this is because i'm not hearing very much, nor am i hearing it very frequently.  i would very much like to hear more updates, more often, even if it is bad news, than to be left to imagine the worst in silence.
lol
there was shrinkage
@eeg: "things are different when you shrink it down... " not for us with eagle-eyes they don't. ;)
astral....  remember it's a 3 inch tile... things are different when you shrink it down... try zooming out on  your computer screen lol...
agreed, the pharoah's way looks better, but the staircase going up needs work still - the steps shouldn't flare out so much (especially near the bottom).
the urns on the able in the spaniards crossing might need a tweak as well in terms of perspective.
much much better, looks great
here's the update on the pharoah's way tile guys!  http://boardgamegeek.com/image/1928115/secrets-of-the-lost-tomb what do ya think?
@rad: my question is more about whether competitive play would be an option.
@astral why would you sabotage each other in a coop play? btw one of the sg  is a rule for competitive play
@eeg: "...we dont want the tiles to be too big or too small! (we want them to be just right... somewhere in the 3 - 3.5 inch range..." regarding tile-size, it would be nice (though not necessary) for it to be a whole number in inches, so that they could be lined up on boards (or gripmats...) using 1/2/3-inch grids.
@eeg: thanks for the response on campaign mode - a "carry over" from one adventure to the next does seem like a straightforward way to handle things. though some of the adventures do seem thematically well-suited to combining: imagine one where high emperor drakus seeks to raise both antonio “red eyes” mullens (vampire mob boss) and the zombie apocalypse to dominate the world. players may have only a short period of time to foil the emperor before his new minions appear, while the most (fool?)hardy may wish to forgo a quick victory for the greater reward of defeating three great villains. one question about the multiplayer game - will players be able to co-operate with/sabotage each other? or is the tomb the only permitted enemy?
dont worry... lol lady rocket definitely starts with the rocket launcher! :p
@chris great update! if lady rocket didnt start the game with that fliegerfaust i would be very disappointed xp
i posted this comment on bgg with the draft rulebook, but am cross-posting here so it doesn't get lost in the shuffle. a question/suggestion regarding the comet track.  it's not clear to me if the intent of the comet track is to: a) start at 0 (bullet 3 in the setup section of the rulebook), and trigger the plot twist when it gets to a scenario-specific number (e.g. 8), or b) start at the scenario-specific number and count down to 0 (as stated in the scenario sheets section). to me, option b would be better, because no matter what scenario is being played, the plot twist triggers at 0.  this would be much easier for players to remember.  otherwise, i could see players getting lost in the fun of the game and not realizing the comet track has hit/exceeded the target number, because the target number changes from scenario to scenario. basically, do you want the comet track to be a count-down timer, or a count-up timer? also, any thought to having multiple plot twists in some scenarios?  for example, if the comet track starts at 10 and counts down, you could have one plot twist trigger at 5, and another at 0. just a thought.
also guys... im working my butt off getting this backerkit ready!!  (as you know.. theres so much content so it's taking a while... and it needs to be perfected!!! ) so please be patient with that ! :)
hey jake!!!  things are going great! im going to put out an update tomorrow revealing a bunch of new artwork by ninjace (new room tiles!!!!) we're also working on a new and innovative way to get the interlocking to work well without jutting out too far or losing surface area on the playable tile space. we dont want the tiles to be too big or too small! (we want them to be just right... somewhere in the 3 - 3.5 inch range... if they get too big you will need a huge table so we need to keep them reasonable. (yet not too small where you cant fit all the characters and monsters etc on them!) the atlantis (level 4) and the medusa's meridian are unique onto themselves! there are not specific scenarios for them just yet, however there is special story cards and other unique things that will be theming and going with them that you can include and exclude from the core game seamlessly!  in the future we will most likely be adding some additional scenarios etc to the game which will include those expansions!!! (as of right now though... we dont have anything for them scenario-wise)  our february is quite snowy!!! but in an epic way! thanks so much for dropping by and feel free to ask anything.. anytime!!! -chris
how's the status on the art assets for things like the jigsaw tiles?  will you be increasing the size of the tiles to account for thicker walls and/or shrink room interiors or was the tile design sufficient as originally planned? also, is the level 4 and apex chamber unique to specific scenarios or do they come with objective cards to mix into the decks for regular play. hope your february is epic!
lol...  yes... that is sorta the idea:)  lol mailed the game yet...
the whole 'tomb reset' thing reminds me of the alien vs. predator movie where the pyramid kept changing.  really cool.  have you mailed the game yet?  ;)
chris, great addition. thank you.
chris +1
i will be adding in a short and easy way to make a campaign mode into the game... a basic way to do one adventure at a time all the while keeping the benefits of completing  other adventures
regarding the integrations of adventure packs into one game session, i dont think it would be a problem since you can always shuffle in all the other game elements into the basic set (eg: tiles, items, monsters etc) the only problem would be integrating the boss monster since the gameplay is scenario driven by the boss monster. i can imagine that 2 bosses can spawn in the tomb and that players can try to fulfill both boss scenarios requirements during gameplay, fight the bosses one at a time, etc but dealing with more than 2 bosses can prove to be very difficult i think
campaign... strong... fun!-)
while occam is plugging other ks projects, take a look at fief as well. a huge return for the investment.
i really like the campaign idea. :) sb
hey astral! when we are complete with the "storyline" which we're currently in production with (secrets of the lost tomb stories etc..." you'll find out (and some of this will be in the rulebook etc... for flavor etc...) but the tomb is a part of a rift in the space/time continuum and what the eternal order of perseus is trying to do is repair that rift... every 113 years there's another rift and another major power that must be dealt with to repair one of the 113 rifts in space time... therefore once all of the rifts have been repaired, the tomb will no longer move from reality to reality, from time to time... dimension to dimension.... what i'm trying to say by giving you a little bit about how the tomb works in our world is that you could potentially (and we can put an order system on it) play each adventure in a campaign mode so you could literally play one after the other where the tomb "re-sets" and the adventurers have to go back in and solve a new mystery and deal with a new catastrophe.  (we can make an optional rule for this... where you can basically keep all of your items and stats etc... so you can progress through the game in a balanced way... this could be something we could potentially add in as a short optional rule (of course house rules can always apply... but we have some ideas on this and may add them to the rules) thanks for your very cool and interesting comment! chris
small question - can adventure packs be combined to form epic quests? (either having them occur sequentially or all at once in a massive smörgåsbord of evil). if not, might this be added as a rules option?
dear lost tomb'ers, minions, and crazy ones: in case anyone is sleeping on their kickstarter backer duties, the (or at least, a) current crazy ks game is tek ≡ "tiny epic kingdoms" (https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/coe/tiny-epic-kingdoms) which has beautiful artwork, is pocketable (or designed to be) and pretty loaded.  the deluxe entry point is only $24, so it'll be kind of busy for the next 10 days (perhaps picking up where "secrets of the lost tomb" left off).  it does not offer anywhere near the epic adventure, but i think it's designed to do a lot with a little (i.e., pocketability). cheers, = joe =
i am still very excited about the indiana jones + call of cthulhu + bermuda triangle & all things sinister open-ended mashup of "secrets of the lost tomb".  :-)
just checking if the comments work for me.
doh! i forgot about the lack of green search tokens.  as long as the red and green room borders are distinguishable, they it's all good!  :)
hey matt! yes indeed that's a good point out... however... the good news is.. there's no "green" search token.. only yellow, red, and "broken magnifying glass" for empty... yellow is brighter than the red... so should be distinguishable between red and yellow...(green rooms turn yellow, then red, the empty...  yellow turns red, then empty... an red just turns empty.... so it shouldn't be too much of a problem! :) thanks for pointing it out though... and please feel free to let us know of anything at all that may come to mind about anything! we're all ears! :)
after watching the videos again, i had a thought.  the red/green room borders and red/green search tokens will be problematic for people with red/green color blindness.  i know quite a few gamers with this condition.  i realize other players can point out which rooms/tokens are red vs. green, but this wouldn't work with solo play.  you may want to consider marking them with a symbol/letter too, or use shades of red and green that are easy to distinguish by their brightness.
@james  i definitely understand what you're saying... but there are certainly a lot of backers who would prefer the minis and there's no way to do an "either / or"  however, we have some plans for some ways for you to potentially get those other adventures and also get some more minis (if you're a mini lover) so, we're currently working on those plans and we will have them revealed very soon!  thanks for the comment!
+1 to astralwanderer's suggestion, that would suit me. not sure if giving people the option at backerkit time is feasible, or just a way to administrative chaos!
@astralwanderer we have some great plans in the works. chris from egg should be making some announcements in the near future.  stay tuned,  exciting stuff :)
hope the $ go toward stretch goals... some of us could be more generous. i would ;) sb
backerkit is a very good service to use.  i have used it 4 times with no issues with varying projects from vghs season to, all the way to hold your breath.  it is just as easy, if not easier, then the kickstarter pledge selector/amazon payments combo.
given only a couple of the miniature stretch goals were achieved, would it be possible (and how would other backers feel about) swapping them for the "lost" adventure stretch goals instead? i'm not hugely enthusiastic over miniatures and less so over an incomplete collection, so exchanging them for another adventure or two would seem a good thing...
yep! same answer applies! once the survey is sent out, you'll be in good shape! :)
i am in the same boat as the 11th. i pledged for the gs but didn't include $ for any additions. now i find myself wondering if it would be better to have a set of 8 dice for up to 6 people. and those mats look pretty handy with all of the tile expansions.
hey matt! yes! you will have another great opportunity to add-on whatever you want to later in the "backerkit" survey!  (it will be some time before we send it out though! ) thanks!
sorry if this has been asked before.  if a backer forgot to add extra $ to his/her pledge for add-ons, is there a way to do that before everything ships out?  for example, if i wanted more dice, could i pay for that separately and have it shipped with my copy of the game?
nuuuuooooooo not the curse of the tomb....just hoping the tomb let me out on may to play sotlt xp
waiting paitently for my survey to decide which 2 pledge level add ons i want, and what i want to do with the extra 20 dollars i added to my pledge. the answers to those are "creatures" and "apocalypse" and get "vallhalla" and "drakkus" that way i end up with 6 extra scripts!
@thorbolt!  thanks so much! cant wait for you to get it either! :)
@rad muahahahaaaa.... the tomb is calling you.... drawing you in to it's clutches! gwa hahaha! i guess we'll see you in about... one hundred and thirteen years! hahahahaaahahah
dang it why when i check ks i automatically go check on this project arrrgh im cursed
cool, can't wait for the summer to get the game!
thanks so much everyone! you guys are awesomely great!  your comments make me smile!  now we gotta get you the game so you can all smile too!!!  ;)
happy to be part of this! looking forward to the game! congratulations and good luck!
great job everyone!
congratulation :-)
congrats to everyone who helped make this game/kickstarter! thanks to everyone who pledged so that we could all have a much bigger and richer gameplay experience. i rarely comment at 1:55am on a kickstarter, but when i do, it must be.....everything epic!
just wake up congrats for reaching 111k!!
congrat :-)
all that's left to say is, "good night, and good luck!"
congrats again.. i hope the cold goes away.
ok guys! amazing job! (i'm hopping into my sarcophagus now... i've got a bad cold) but i'll be on comments and email tomorrow again.... ask me anything!  (email/message if long... comment if quick!) don't forget to like us on facebook!  https://www.facebook.com/everythingepicgames and our website.... www.everythingepicgames.com and if you want to email me direct.. its....   chris@everythingepicgames.com thanks backers! you are the best!
awesome!
top secret for now.... (also... you may end up with a scenario that has some mechanics like that as well! )   we've got lots of awesome stuff for you guys!
maybe as an expansion down the line
yep!
have you guys thought of a traitor game type?
agreed
@cody most certainly the fun has only begun!
@cody ... heh .... that's what i like to hear  (maniacal laugh!) muaahahhahauahahha
@david  thanks so much! we cant wait for you to play it either! :)
jk :p
@ninjace  ... we will allow one (1) bathroom break ... per 4 hour block... you've got 5 minutes starting..... now... lol
@mrs. howard  it was a pleasure having you with us on our great adventure through the kickstarter world! this is the first expedition of many more to come! :) cant wait for you to play the game! :)
@ninjace lol but the work has only just begun (sinister laugh)
congratulations!   i cannot wait to play this....
@chris - thank you! can you unchain me from my desk now :)
mrs howard here - well this was the first kickstarter i followed from start to finish and it was fantastic. thanks so much for your amazing responsiveness to every single tiny and large comment/request. wishing all the best as you move forward with producing this fantastic game.
@paul  yes sir!  i'm on it!! :)
thanks ninjace for the infinite amount of hours that you've devoted to this project! you're one of the main reasons that it is epic! *i salute you!*  :)
now get to work chris!!!! ;-) cheers
congratulations!
@chris: congratulations on an amazing campaign!
special shout out to chris from eeg, you have been our rock during this project. thank you for creating a foundation for use to build our dreams upon!!
@kaptain koi thanks very much! we appreciate your support and kind words! :)
well done, guys. very impressive! great job from start to finish.
congrats!!!
that's pretty big number for a first time kickstarter.  well played boys.  well played!
a true masterpiece and job well done. my compliments on your interaction with your supporters and constant presence. thanks!
once again backers! you're the best! : ) thank you so much for making this happen! we couldn't have done it without you! :)
congratulations!
congratulations!
well done!
congratz on the project funding (^!^)
the tomb welcomes you!!
1 and done...congrats again!
congrats!
done!!!!!!!!!!!!
congrats
you're the best backers in the world! :) no doubt about it!
final countdown !!!!!!
don't forget your awesome add ons!
35sec
don't forget... sotlt is in the running for the 20 most anticipated games of 2014. http://www.boardgamegeek.com/geeklist/167744/20-most-anticipated-board-games-of-2014-voting if 2/3 of the backers voted for it, it would jump into the #1 spot.
heh! :) you're the best greatlich! hah!
congrats, chris and everyone at eeg!  it's been a fun adventure already.  now, i can't wait to play the actual game. :)
guys ! this is your last chance to grab gs! go go go !
5!
we asked you to help make our dreams come true! and you did!! thank you all!!
@cody thank you so much for your support! :) we've got a bunch of awesome dreams lined up for you guys! just wait! :)
@stevhen lol! yes indeed !
@greatlich same to you as terry! :) we've got a plan....! we'll update you soon!
congrats on your first successful game and lets hope your future dreams are as successful.
@terry dont worry...we've got a couple plans for that! :)  we will let you know as soon as they're finalized!
@kevin shaud  absolutely ! thank you so much! your support has been amazing! we appreciate all of your kind words!!! can't wait for you to play the game!
9!
count down 10!
all the gamers need to come back from holidays to back the project! oh well, maybe they will get their chance if post kick starter pledges open up for a short time.
i wish that the locked minis will be available in future campaign so that our collection can be completed!
ok, we have unlocked the minis of the first expansion it doesn't make sense if we don't have for the rest of the expansion so what will it happen?? those expansion minis will be avalaible as an add-on?
@greatlitch - thank you!
@greatlich thank you so much for your undying support throughout the campaign! :)   we couldn't have done it without you! :)
congratulations to chris and everyone at everything epic games on a fantastic and very successful project.  i can't wait to see what the finished product will look like!
@kevin lol!  build-a-bear with a character is a great way to describe it! :)   (pick out your little heart now... ok we'll insert it rofl) ok stitch it up now...
the time has finally come!  congrats on your first successful great project !  can't wait to take my journey there!
@basil yes indeed! :)
3.2k in 13 minutes would be beyond great. :) can't wait to play build-a-bear with a character. good times!
more minis would be great
a couple more character minis wouldn't hurt right?
tomb.... tomb... tomb... tomb.... tomb..... tombbbbb! lol
we certainly are close huh? hehehe it could happen (only 25 mins though )
come on 115k !!!
@trmptdrummer  thanks for using your last bit of battery to stop in and say hi! we appreciate your support! :)
@john good to see you here! well it's been great everyone. haven't been present here but i've been stalking. phones going to die so i'll find out the final total later tonight. good job everyone!
@john thanks so much for your support! :) heh 39 mins indeed! :)
looking good guys!  congrats! a precious 39 minutes remain!
indeed! you backers are amazing! :)   (as i said repeatedly in my update lol)
it is. thank you everyone for thinking of me! i'll just have to watch like a hawk for the next 47 minutes to see if it opens up. it is exciting to see us closing with so many backers. let's see how high we can go! great work everyone!
@robert it was really quite nice... other backers remembered you and mentioned you! :) very heartwarming to know people care!
oh no! i missed my chance for the create a character!
final hour! it was an honor working with all of you, and i greatly look forward to our future adventures together :)
yes indeed! :)
yes! 110k...
@stevhen   don't worry... the best backers in the world never disappoint! :) (aka you guys!)
the drop could be due to someone adjusting their pledge (or the pledge trolls).
110k$ and 110 minutes to go!
some last minute update would be great!
wunderbar!-)
hello 110k!
110k !
another $235 glory seeker just opened up, grab it while you can.
thanks chris. i'm not giving up hope on reaching $125k so we can get the excalibur adventure!
oooops.....line is for $110k but its obvious it will go well beyond that
@howard  not yet... however, we may have some very interesting plans for those in the very near future. so dont worry! we wont let you guys miss out on any game content! :)
kicktraq says its trending toward $115k !!!!
are the lost stretch goals (e.g., exploration for excalibur) available as add-ons (assuming the stretch goal is not met)?
so.. we're only about 400 buck-a-roonies away from 110k! pretty awesome eh?
heh! the gripmats certainly will be fun to have! as i said, with the interlocking tiles you can always readjust the tomb as needed :)
@jkp...to clarify, by large mat i mean the 36x36 size.
this game will need 36 x 36 mat to play with
heh,  when i wrote ' i preferred the character creation' i was writing in past tenses.  it was snapped up quickly though.
@jkp i have a long dining room table (6 seats) & calculated two of the large mats would work for me perfectly.  chris said to get the mat(s)for your table space size vs how big the board may grow.
@omicron: "1 glory seeker $235 open, get it whole you can!" thanks! though that meant (*boo hiss*) lowering my pledge by $10 *ducks* do hope to see the excalibur stretch goal made, though odds seem a little slim now - i prefer more adventure options over minis.
sorry, my typo stephen :-(
do you think a 24"x24" mat will be big enough with all the levels, etc.?
eeek, 666 backers...any weird bonus for reaching that milestone, chris? by all means, stephan...snap up that last create a character & help push us ever so close to the 110,000 mark! we can do this!
i already have one!  there was an astronomer that wanted one though.
@steψhen: there just became a "create a character" available.
i prefred the "create a chartcter" - but they are all gone now.  not sure if my suggestion will be me (engineer) or great grand father who was on one of the first australia submairines that was sunk in ww1  (ae2) and become a prisoner of war in turkey. great grand father would probaby fit in very well to a game like this.
@omicron definitely good reasons! :) we most certainly appreciate your support :)
also just a minor announcement: there are still 9 mythical demigod pledges left ... this is where you get to work with us to create your own tomb room tile!!! (we work with you and we immortalize your dream room tile in the tomb! :)
i backed at a glory seeker earlier in the week because i can play single player, and have it be a challenge, as well as multiplayer, and have fun with friends.
@neil totally! :) you backers did great! :) (still 3 hours to go though! )
1 glory seeker $235 open, get it whole you can!
@paul .. no no... you da man! :p
@stevhen yes indeed! you'll be ultra busy! :) adventure packs, modes of play.... wheu! lol
@mark thanks so much! so glad to have you on our adventure! :)
@jkp hey! absolutely not!  :) all artifacts will have their own very cool artwork! (the "cup") is just an example of one of them.... these artworks are still being prepared! every artifact will be unique! :) thanks for the question!
i think we will get to $110k (provided there are no high value troll backers that all jump out near the end).
was watching the vids and have a question.  are all the artifact cards going to have the same cup picture?  i understand that symbol is used a lot but it gets confusing when it says "diamond encrusted sword" and shows a cup :)   maybe thats just the way it is in the promo versions?
i have a few games coming this year.  this one alone will keep us busy for a very loooooong time with the different adventures.
ya, we'll be fortunate to hit $110,000...not that that's a bad thing.  we have a heck of a lot of content to play with. congratulations to everyone. we did good!
non-supporter to tomb raider to fortune hunter to glory seeker all in the span of a couple of hours.  talk about a thrill ride!
seems like we are not getting the excalibur pack at 125k
@chris you da man.
paul and other backers...  ill tell you right now...  i will make sure backers get their games first before general retail and distribution...  i don't think that it's right for you the backers to not get the games first...  i've had some kickstarter games i've backed that hit retail before i got it...  i was not happy. so i dont want that to happen to our backers... ;)  you deserve to feel special!
one thing i’m hoping to hear is that the game will ship to investors (ks supporters) prior to or concomitantly with when it is released to retail outlets.
wasn't hard. one view of the video you guys made (with tmagitworld) and i was hooked.the game sells itself too
@paolo yes indeed!!! endless replayability!!! ;)
@daniel yes it is a great day!!!
@metaldiceguy thanks for being there from the start and all of your support!
@daniel   i won't lie....i snatched up a gs the first day and at times i wondered wth am i doing.....the more i look at this game, the videos, the comments etc. absolutely no doubt it is going to be a great experience
glory seeker level give you all if you can raise your pledge an epic big endless fun  game awaits
yeah, got the 235$ glory seeker! this is going to become a good day! :)
we can do this!!! we might get close to the 125k!!! it could happen!  :)
@cody and sean yes... vault of perseus (included in glory seeker)  or as an add on
ooops.....better than i thought....that'd be four more sets of mini's !!!   woot!
just food for thought if all early birds are sold (without loss of non-early bird pledges) that would get this to right at $125k....that would be a stretch obviously but it would also mean two more sets of minis and two other sg's.....which would make more people jump, etc, etc.
@adam oh absolutely.....but if someones on a budget or doesn't want minis that is one heck of a lot of game for the money at fh level
@themetaldiceguy, i initially went for the tomb raider but after getting more excited for the game i jumped right to the glory seeker. fortune hunter is great deal but i think that if you down to pop the extra bucks it will be well worth it.
if mini's aren't a big deal the fortune hunter level is one hell of a bargain imho
there's a $235 glory seeker open......if you are on the fence i would jump that right now!
i think we might get 2...
let's try and get one more stretch goal in the remaining 4 hours i know we can do it!!
@ sean i believe those the chose your own adventure and valhalla are part of the vault of perseus so they come free with the "glory seeker" pledge level but, you have to add it on for any other level.
@chris is there an updated chart showing what each level will get? i noticed valhalla and choose your own adventure are missing from the current chart.
sorry meant to mention i am in canada. oh you guys rock.
hey mrs. howard if you're in the us you don't have to worry about the extra shipping we will ship in the same box.  if you're international and you want to ship extra dice... no problem... you add the  shipping once ... but we're not going to rip you backers off for shipping :)  so i hope that helps your question! (the extra shipping that is on the dice was mostly to emulate what doublesix had on their kickstarter in case people only wanted to add dice alone... but extra shipping should not be an issue on the dice anymore. ;)
mrs howard here - i know i keep harping on about these dice but as a glory seeker it's the only add-on i am actually interested in. okay so here's my dilemma i like each player in a game to have their own set of dice so that we don't have to pass dice (i am a little ocd about this). it seems this game requires 8 dice for each player given that's what the core game comes with and that is also what comes in the extra set with glory seeker. so that means for 6 players i would like to have 48 dice (8 x 6). i already get 16 so i just need an extra 32 dice. which means i should order 3 sets of the 12 dice (giving me 36) for $10 each set + $8 shipping for each set or is that for the entire 36 that i order? questions: 1. we are ordering the double six dice in sets of 12 even though they come as a set of 8 in the box is this correct? 2. would total extra cost for 3 sets of 12 dice be $30 + $24 for shipping or $30 + $8 for shipping
tks, did not see that one, it would seem that wave 2 would be around the $25-$30 if we hit 115k then.
chris's earlier comment was "if we end up making a wave 2 (if we get 6 or more stretch goal minis) wave 2 will be the same as wave 1"
glory seeker pledge rather (*!*) - bad typing.
looking at the numbers..... the wave 1 boss monsters are $30 as an add-on for the 5.  wave two will probably include 4 minis if we reach 110k so that will be around $20-$25 ? or so.   so the gorly seeker pledge looks fairly good if mini's interest you.
come on 175k!!!!!!!
hey no worries- the mystery adds to the excitement- we're awash with swag!
lol sorry... we just want to make sure it's worked out properly for the best for you backers!!! ;)
thx- now i'm clear (for the time being!)
wave 2 will have monsters and characters ;)  (for the time being)
so chris, would the wave 2 minis come in 2 separate packs- one for boss monsters the other for characters?
paola, looking at chris's comments seems they have not worked out the costs and the extra minis will be an add on after the project has closed (unless you are a glory seeker and above as you will get whatever mini's have been unlocked).
thanka stevhen!
if we end up making a wave 2 (if we get  6 or more  stretch goal minis)  wave 2 will be the same as wave 1 this will be on the  backerkit survey where you can do that add on later.  we will keep you very informed have no fear!! we will take care of you!
we have dropped a little on kicktraq, so it would be good if everyone gives the link a click (its how i and others find projects to back).  it also has some interesting info.  if you visit, its good to click a few links back to the project as it seems to count more on the site with the ranking system.  http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/everythingepicgames/secrets-of-the-lost-tomb/
so it s clear now . and what will be the price for the minis and they will include heroes and villains ??
...though it doesn't say mini pack, i assume it means that, and not the adventure pack.
@paolo minis will not be included in the pack if youre not glory seeker at least thats what i understand now
@paolo- according to the sg text, the $105k minis are glory seeker or add-on mini pack only
german eagle with the 3 tailed comet symbol xp
@chris u can also use the german eagle symbol with a replacement for the swastika like slayer xp http://mindheartblood.blogspot.nl/2011/01/slayer-band-racist-pro-nazi-you-decide.html
the minis unlocked at 105 k will be in the adventure pack or not ...
@paolo k so im wrong about the pack sorry xp
the adventure pack comes with the cards etc..  the minis are separate
the point would be to use another cool symbol that is not the nazi symbol that has the same thematic feel but more of a special force...  special division kind of thing...
so the question is will the men of bad intentions in this case will come with minis and also monster cards or just minis ??
@german general talk here's our idea for revision... and it would be "inspired by"  not a copy of... lolhttp://www.afhub.com/images/wp-files//hot-toys-red-skull-pr7.jpg
at least if im not mistaken xp
the minis add on will have the minis..  if we get to an amount where we have over 5-6 minis for a separate minis wave then we will make another add on...  however we won't be able to have that updates officially until after the kickstarter... so in the backerkit you can do your add ons then ;)
@paolo glory seeker get all. if youre not glory seeker then the pack will contains characters card, tiles, items/monsters/traps cards, boss cards. if the minis are unlocked they will be included in the pack if you purchase that pack. the core game will always contains core character minis but the core boss mini you need to purchase them as add ons (if youre not glory seeker ofcourse)
in the adventure packs and in the core game will also be included the card monsters and plus the minis or just the minis ... ?
@martin cant imagine u regret it afterward
ach, just went for the glory seeker! it'll be worth it i'm sure! hope for some more content to unlock!
no he has a swastika which is not allowed in certain countries and will likely have to be change on games shipping there.
where is the red skull i didn t see it . the german general doesn t have a s kull
just make sure the redskull is inspired by and not a direct copy and it will get the same message across.  it is pretty iconic in its own right and would get the point across just not worth getting sued over lol.
@paolo if thats the case some pack will be more ´valuable´ than others xd
so if i choose the adventure pack men of bad intentions in the 2 free choice of tomb raider pledge i will receive also the minis with it ?
looks like we're still moving towards more stretch goals so that's good!!
@chris i think they red skull got a copyright so be careful about using those xp
@paolo right now yes... hehe... if we end up with tons more stretch goals we will have to split it up into multiple waves
@santanz depends which german people youre talking too but in general theyre still touchy about it
@santaz that's why i put an underscore on the picture...  we may change that symbol for some european countries etc...  im thinking like red skull from captain america movies
germany does not take kindly to certain historical icons/images and names...
@ oooh good one from the update ´artwork subject to alteration or change for specific european countries´ just because u said youre gonna print in germany xp
does the new minis comes with the adventure pack cost or not ..?
@ chris yes it sure is xd
@rad.. its such a good feeling isn't it?
wooop more minis!!!
@chris - i just sent you a private message via kickstarter. if you have a chance check it out.
@santanzchild yes indeed.... it's a bit ridiculous sometimes... lol
@donald thanks for trying! some people are mean! :) we appreciate your support and help! :)
@steven thanks! we cant wait for you to have the game too! :)
bgg and reddit both get hateful when you post ks projects.
tried to put a notice on bgg about the campaign ending but got accused of spamming so deleted my comments out.
can't wait for this, looks fantastic
everybody likes an extra mini.... right? :)
well backers! looks like you've unlocked the "men of bad intentions" character minis!!! great job!
@adam... oh boy! it's going to certainly be a fun time making the best box! it's certainly a gamer pet peeve of mine to have a good box design! so our goal will be to make a box that is not a waste of cardboard etc... but a worthwhile put together box with useful compartments etc! (if we dont have useful compartments... at least large enough ziplock bags to keep everything in nicely so it doesn't go everywhere! ;)
@martin  the wave 1 boss minis are just that.... however the wave 1 contents may change..(depending on how many stretch goals we can hit in these final 8 hours! :)   there may end up being a wave 2! :) and i hope there is... because that would also mean we hit the excalibur stretch goal too! ;)
@rad thanks so much for helping out with comments! :) much appreciated!
@martin, the glory seeker contains all the minis and all the adventure pack. i find myself wondering know how in the world will the box be constructed to keep all of the minis, tokens and tiles organized.
i'd even up my pledge to get the gorgon or the horsemen! it would add so much to each episode to have a boss mini for each!
one question does the 30 dollar add on include all boss minis that get unlocked when they get unlocked? that'd be awesome!
just had to add those boss monster minis!  they look- epic! :)
@maken all d6 for sotlt are replaced by double six dice including the extra dice for glory seeker, as of now all minis are unpainted, no confirmation about painted mini option if it does then it would be as an add on i think. lots of people want to paint the minis themselves
or not
41 to go to another stretch goal!
is there an option for painted mini? does glory seeker also include the 12 double 6 dice? i was away for a while so didn't follow all the posts and update. thanks for helping.
@rad. no worries. things are in good hands, with a lot of the work already on paper. i'm confident that the process we've worked out will work beautifully.
backers great dialog!  thank you for answering the questions even before we get a chance to lol :) they say it takes a village to raise a child... glad we have 640 backers to raise the tomb! and also thank you for your complements on the campaign.  we literally bit our heart and soul into the projects creation!
@tom yes beter start writing on those scenarios now, we unlocked a lot of sg (unfortunately for you x))
@terrychang: the gripmat is a cross-promotion with another ks project that costs $45+.  eegames' inclusion of it and licensing is a convenience and benefit to us, but costs them time with no economy of scale.  so it would be difficult (i.e., totally uneconomical) for eeggames to make it a stretch goal. otoh, if you want to boost your pledge, please add gripmat(s) ($45/50 per) to your pledge.
if gripmat is included in glory seeker i am sure more people will jump to glory seeker now
just to clear up my previous comment. it's now that the work begins for me. chris and jim have done something exceptional for our first time out. we've learned a lot, and it will make the next game designs a bit less daunting than this one. a great learning experience for the three of us, and all of the backers deserve nothing but the best.
@maken gripmat and t-shirt xp
what add-ons are not included in glory seeker?
@metaldiceguy i agree with you there the guys at eeg have been very generous regarding their sg and free contents for their game, also their dedication for communicating with the backers during the ks period are exemplary
point is that i think eeg is being extremely kind and probably breaking even on those stretches to get some more games and components into everyone's hands. hopefully this thing has a great close and we won't have to worry about adding them later ;-)
from my experience i can tell you that's pretty tough. each mini ends up costing multiple thousands to make. to be honest i am very surprised that minis can be added for an extra $5k of overall sales. even the big boys like cool mini's and mars attacks etc. needed $10k minimum for each mini they added and that's from a base sale of at least one million bux.
so for those who are going with glory seekers, is it possible there could be the option to purchase just the mini's for the adventure packs in the future for those we don't reach by the end of today? my ocd will drive me crazy knowing that i am missing mini's.
bump of cody's chart to keep it from getting buried: https://www.facebook.com/photo.php…
that's what it was..... glory seekers get "1 full extra set of custom dice"
@metaldiceguy well i got the same feeling with couple of ks projects like kdm, arena rex and drake but at least i had a chance to ninja a black friday gold pledge for kdm couple of weeks ago xp
my biggest fear with this one is that next week a whole lotta people are going to be commenting "damn! i wish i had pledged for this!". it just has that appeal right?
@metaldiceguy yes they exchange the normal dice to double six but if u want to add more double dice u still need to add shipping at least thats what i read from the main page
@cody   awesome!
hopefully this cold weather is going to keep people inside and browsing kickstarter. i would love to see this thing really snowball tonight. a lot of ks in this money range boost 10-20% in the last 12 hours. if that happens we're all going to get a lot of goodies ;-)
double sixes are now the main dice in every copy of the game.
i believe the double sixes are included free now in the glory seekers as well too.
i just noticed that were missing the mini for the most adventurous gamer in the world character o_0
@metaldiceguy yep 65 of eb3 gloryseeker amount to almost $16k
@paolo yes the calculation would be: pledge + pledge shipping ($25) + add on1 + add on2 etc + add ons shipping ($15), the first add on is included in the pledge shipping. for gripmat and double six u need to add additional shipping for them because they are shipped separately
from what i can see if you want to add a significant amount of stuff and the extra money is not a problem the glory seekers are an awesome value. not to mention if just the 65 early bird gs'ers are scooped up before midnight we will hit 3-4 more of the stretch goals.
damn ! i want the excalibur adventure pack at 125k soooooo much !!! let's get it !!!
well if for ex." i wish to add the epic adv. book + drakkus + the boss minis +meridian of medusa for a total of 90usd and i already paid for 25usd shipping handl. how much should i add 15 ?? and furthermore will i can do this when the campaign ends??
@sandeep... artist is working on it now! when it's ready.. i'll send out the update! :)
@paolo it depends on how much you add on.... if you add more than 1 adventure pack or multiple core games.. you have to pay extra shipping. sorry for the delayed answer! :)
@jason sorry you found the format a bit confusing,  we have so much great stuff to include we tried to be as clear as possible.  the comparison chart provided by cody (@cody thanks) was our solution to help simplify the decision process. glad it helped. by the way the savings will be even greater for glory seekers now that the wave 1 boss minis have been unlocked! but every level (as you can see in the comparison chart is full of savings! welcome aboard :)
don't over think it.
...or perhaps that should be come on up.
we could reach 666 backers by the end- secret satan, come on down!
the emperor drakkus adventure it's a kickstarter exclusive you can add it to your pledge it's usd 10.
ahh thanks... cody, that was very helpful! do we know which of those are exclusives?  i know the zombie apocalypse pack is, but any others that i should know of?  don't have enough money for glory seeker, unfortunately, so trying to decide what would be a good lower level to pledge at...
how much is the internation costs for adding addons ??
@jason here is a table i hope this helps. https://www.facebook.com/photo.php…
- pretty much everything - all gaming accessories, afaik.
jason: the short story is that "glory seeker" gets everything (including every stretch goal), and the other levels do not.  so if you can afford it, the gs is the way to go (extra dice, vault of perseus items, etc.). good luck, = joe =
this has one of the most confusing sets of pledge levels i've seen.... is there some sort of updated table that lays out what every pledge level gets?
@sandeep - thanks, we are in the process of getting the colossus rendered in 3d. will share once complete. im sure your gonna love this one!
great job with everying, jim!  any chance we get to see a 3d rendering of the land colossus? i'd love to see what george washington put up against cornwallis' kraken!
with only a $5000 interval between goals...we should be able to hit some goals in 24 hours
@john wrot - thanks for the support! and it was awesome playing the king's armory with you last month! can't wait to get that in the mail later this year as well :)
how bout this....  pledge increased!  booyaaa!
thanks!
@robert wow! the universe certainly has a lot of really cool stuff! congrats by the way on your phd!!
trillion suns*
my other focus of research was quasars. black holes roughly a billion times the mass of the sun that are consuming material so voraciously that it grinds against itself into its huge maw (event horizon) that it emits more light than a trillion sund
well i got all this stuff rattling around in my head after all these years. just small things like the age of the universe, the ultimate fate of all existence, quantum effects, multiple dimensions... on and on. the universe is so crazy and awesome that maybe you guys at epic games came up with it...,
oh, and for anyone wondering who i am (now that i am flooding the comment board) i'm jim, the lead art designer for eeg. chris needed to take a tomb nap in preparation for our final hours, so i am covering him for the time being.
@robet - sinister and interesting! concept is already on our ideation board for sinister ideas to consider :) "spaghettification" .... awesome! and robert you have been verified by the tomb, and google (lol) "in astrophysics, spaghettification (sometimes referred to as the noodle effect[1]) is the vertical stretching and horizontal compression of objects into long thin shapes..."
@jake,paul, robert - in regards to release timing we are going to do everything in our power to release the game in a timely fashion, but as chris stated we are definately going to make sure what is released is quality! but our promise is to you is that you will be well informed every step of the way as we progress from funding to shipping. can't wait for us all to get the finished product! i have been playing the beta prototype for a few months now and still can't believe i am playing something that we had a part in creating! a very humbling and exciting experience. thank you to all of our backers! i can see it now, it started as 3 people traveling up a path to the tomb that looms ahead...now we are over 600 strong and growing! :)
my personal favorite technical astronomy term: spaghettification. it is a term describing how the tidal forces of a black hole pull someone apart as they enter its gravitational field. you basically get pulled into an extremely long string of material. i could come up with oodles of astronomy stuff to feed a tomb adventure. the universe is full (95% of all material) of a substance called dark energy that we know absolutely nothing about. sounds a bit sinister doesn't it?
@robert - "wimps & macho" i love it! what great titles to discribe dark matter... hmm, might be an inspiration for future tomb adventures...
@kenneth - glen is correct, the wave 1 boss minis are included in the glory seeker pledge level and will be available for add-ons for all levels below glory seeker. very excited about this one! check out the 3d art chris posted in the updates... you thought the art looked good, the 3d sculpts are amazing!!
if you are a glory seeker or above you get them for free otherwise yes you have to pay for them as an add-on.
add on section
what's up with these minis? do we get them in the core game, or did we unlock them in the payed add nos section?
@metaldice i'm not surprised, it is a pretty laid back field. papers and theses often have funny names. we have wimps and machos as theories for dark matter
congrats on 100k eop team! 25 hrs to go... how many more stretch goals can we hit :)
@robert   congrats on the phd!! it reminds me of a funny story from astonomy 101 (err something low end like that - its been 20 years ;-). i loved the class but forgot most of the facts....but i can never forget the prof saying that his buddy's thesis for doctorate was titled "our friend mr. sun".....how the hell did that he get that through????
quality before speed.  always the best policy.  we learned that tough lesson at bfr on our first game.
true, i add 6 months to the total but, some of mine run over by a year or more!  granted, we're talking quality products.  i hope they delay it as needed but, am curious about feature creep and how it'll affect the whole project.  i suspect a two month delay for the dice and probably a bit extra for the content upgrades such as minis.  i go to a few conventions over the summer and fall and was curious about which ones i'll be bringing this to.
i hope they take as long as they need. i am more than willing to wait for something this awesome. ks shipment targets are always a bit optimistic. i always add 6 months to whatever they say and then i'm rarely disappointed.
i'd rather they took a bit more time a produced a first rate game than rush it to completion. i have no doubt that chris and his team will be working hard now that his baby is funded. can you imagine how cool it will be to get all the finished component together and look upon the completed game for the first time? i remember seeing my first publication in print… “wow” congrates!
my only question is what's the current plan for delivery?  are we still looking at may or sometime by december?
awesome!!!!!! so excited!
you guys are the best!!! i knew you could do it! :)
woohoooo !!!!!
holy taco sauce!!!!!!
and we did it...boss minis funded!!! 100k!!!
woohoooooooo!!!! 100k!!!
we are 42(the answer to life the universe and everything) away from boss minis!
ahhhhh - $103 to wave 1 boss mini's the suspense is killing me!
yea 5 and a half years.
that sounds like it was very interesting!
gratz! a phd is a hugh achievement.
it was on how stars form in groups instead of one at a time
for me it would have to be the create a character. if you guys decide that you could add an 11th, let me know. it would be an awesome graduation present i could get myself
congrats on your astronomy phd robert! out of curiosity what was your thesis on (simply as possible)
i am jealous. i just got my astronomy phd today (thesis defense this morning). i would totally have made an awesome astronomer character.
@robert there is still room to upgrade to a mythical demigod and immortalize yourself in a room in the tomb!
@robert, i got the last one !!!  (i'm hoping that there will be a need for an engineer character)
now i wish there were more create a character tiers so i could give you more if my money!
@jake thanks so much for joining in on our glory seeking adventure! :) we appreciate your support! we feel lucky to have your backing! :)
i just snapped up a glory seeker. i feel lucky to have seen this game before the end of the kickstarter! good luck on the last push to $100k
@tom lol! (now the work begins? haha) the amazing journey continues! we are on this quest and we are not giving up or giving in! :)
pins and needles for this last $500 dollars. great job, chris and jim. proud to be with you guys. now the work begins...
@themetaldiceguy thanks so much for your undying support! :) everything epic indeed!!!!
@rad rofl  yeah.. they start placing on your character and then practically on your drink.... then lol.... it can be funny ... but interlocking will help some of the potential goofy headache :)
@robert thanks so much for the kind words! we're trying the best we can! thanks for noticing and for sticking with us :)  your faith is much appreciated!
oh i forgot......everything epic right?!?!!!
can't wait to see how many minis and characters can be unlocked.....this game is getting really big.....it reminds me of the mars attacks without paying more and more $ to get more stuff....are you sure this is real chris?  ;-)
@chris yeah knowing some of my mates when playing they always try to put the tiles on the side where its the least convenience -_-
i just wanted to say that i have a lot of faith in this team to deliver an amazing product. they have been absurdly quick and responsive to all our questions. in my experience with ks they go do far above and beyond. i just can't wait to see what the final product will be. you guys are amazing! lets crush those last goals!
@robert! dont worry about it! i'm here for your questions and concerns always! we are making this game so that you enjoy it! so we want to hear all questions so we can make sure we get all the feedback we need to make this awesome! :) we want you guys involved! thanks for your support!
yea. interlocking tiles will be pretty awesome. sorry for my doubts earlier!
ok backers! we're only a little under 800 away from the wave 1 minis! let's get there! :)
@rad indeed! it's great when you want to re-adjust ... you just slide half the tomb around with one hand! i love it! ;)
@neil day  we have hit the interlocking goal!!!  so we have the upgraded materials! heavier punch cardboard, linenized finish and highest quality printing! this should help with wear and tear!!! we will make sure the components are highest quality that we can make! we wont let you down! :)
interlocking tiles are needed if u want to move already build tomb because of for example u want to put a tile on a position where the tomb is too close to the corner of the table, so kind of moved the whole tomb to the middle of the playing surface
@stevhen they are currently unpainted minis :) so you can paint them to your heart's delight! :)
@robert and espen: re interlocking... we are going to do our best to make the interlocking tiles work very well, not be too tight, or too loose... we are, as i said before, trying to make interlocking parts that don't look ugly or jut out too much.... :) but they must be uniform on all sides! :)
my concern over the interlocking pieces is that over time/usage the pieces will become frayed similar to older puzzle pieces that bend or have their design peel off. almost makes the gripmat a moot point as the interlocking tiles will keep the board in place.
@martin thanks! we wont let you down! :)
i am sure it will be awesome either way. i am super excited about this project!
yea. i guess it would also be an issue if you were pulling blindly since it would give away if the room was a dead end. personally i guess i'm not as. crazy about interlocking tiles for this reason. i do think it will be weird for interlocking bits on dead ends
@chris,  following for the updates, if the mini's are going to be painted or coloured, it would be good if we can opt out of this so we can paint them ourselves if we want to.
robert da silva i disagree, because if u build from the room next to the dead end it won't be possible to put down that tile. because it has no interlocking holes or pins. so the pin from the room next to the dead end room can't be placed. you can't build around it either. so i think it best if we make all the sides interlock able.  i was gonna recommend it myself but the i thought i through. the easiest way of doing this is to make all the tiles sides interlock able.
for the interlocking tiles, it would be cool if there wasn't any interlocking bits on dead ends since not all edges are supposed to be connectable. or else it will be weird.
pleased to see this doing so good now! interlocking tiles was what i was looking for! might get the boss monsters as an add on maybe if they make it! great stuff regardless!
@greatlich right on! :) we can do this! amazing things can happen here! they've been happening the entire campaign because of you backers!
@kevin dusi  thank you so much! :) i cant wait for you to get the game! :)
@espen  those are very good suggestions! i am still working out the best possible ways to ship and fulfill multiple game orders with the best possible pricing for retailers! i am in contact with some and i will certainly take it into consideration when deciding what to do in regard to stretch goals! :) (thanks for mentioning it!) the interlocking tiles picture is only a sample image so you'll know what it's supposed to be like... we're actually play-testing and working on more than one design to have the most optimal and most thematic interlock so they look as pretty as they can! :) esthetics and continuity mean a great deal to us at eeg and we really want to make sure that whatever we do is the best it can be ! thanks so much for the kind words and thank you very much for joining our adventure! :) very happy to have you! chris
@omicron !! thank you so much for your kind words! :) this is our first kickstarter and our first board game! so we are very proud and very grateful for so many amazing people who have backed us and put their faith and trust in us to deliver an amazing product! thanks so much for joining our adventure! so glad you are on board! --chris
maybe you can ask the museum curator- retailer awareness pledgers about how many copies of this game they want to buy from you. and all the addons they want to buy. ask them about all that they want to buy and maybe you can use that information to sum up a total income from all the retailers. and add that sum total to the stretch goal counter ? i know that all of us want all the stuff and advetures we can get. so it would have heped alot if you could work something like that out! i'm sure you want this game to get ass much stuff as it possible can. finaly i have one question about the interlocking tiles. in the picture of the strech goal i think you have designed it wrong. if yu design it like that you wi only be able to place the tiles in to different direction. 0 degrees and 180 degrees. i think that wasn't your intesion. i think that u ment to make one pin sticking out on the left and then a whole for another pin from another tile. and make all the sides and the tiles like that. this wil make the tiles able to be placed in any direction :) anyway thank you for making this awesome game! hope may comes earlyer this year!!! :d
@eeg.  you have ran a good campaign from what i researched, and have taken good time for updates and responses.  that's what i look for in a kickstarter.  i almost forgot about this project till i was reminded about you guys via gripmat (another great kickstarter you have partnered with). so you can thank them for another glory seaker backer.
guys, chris hasn't let us down all the time.  let's push it forward !  a lot can happen in 36 hours !
36 to go... can't wait to see where this one ends up. super happy for you, chris!
@dj grandpa! hey! great to see ya here! :)
@greatlich and omicron:  i am totally happy that everyone's as excited as us about potential new adventure packs! :) we certainly love them as well!  we've only got 36 hours left... but i will certainly see how well we do! i cant make any promises right now... but we might surprise you with our generosity :)
dj grandpa back and approved.. had a great convo with chris on the cirb and he backed me..  http://bedrockcommunications.blogspot.com/2013/12/dj-grandpas-crib-thors-hammer_16.html
any chance we could get the excalibur pack added at 100k? or have an option to choose between extra minis and the packs? that would be a nice gesture for all of us!  i like mini's, but would much rather have more content.  no disrespect to the mini's, or the artists that have put the hard work into that, but i can get those elsewhere!
i guess maybe it's just me....i am more eager to get the 3 bonus adventure packs after 100k than the minis....the minis are bonus that makes the game look better....but the adventure packs add depth to it....
@greatlich thanks! :)
@neil thanks for the vote of confidence! :)
@brandon  hey!  yes indeed we have a few different directions we can go in....which we will narrow down and then we will let you backers know! but as you know, it can certainly be tough to assess that until after the kickstarter is complete because we don't know exactly where we'll be at the end so we can't get a good estimate on cost of mini creation (which is one of the most expensive parts about any project :)  but we certainly have quite a few different directions to go in!  (just as a tidbit and a little potential spoiler... we have some ideas about "pre-painted minis" ... but nothing is definite yet... just something we're looking into!)  thanks for the question!
i am sure chris has plan b for that !
i'd imagine the other minis would be available later as more money becomes available to the company. it sounds like they want this to be the best game it can be & having the extra minis will certainly do that. c'mon $100,000!
lets be realistic. we will not see 110k+ so what are the odds of those minis becoming available down the road? i would really like to have the zombies and the horsemen its going to be silly having some minis for some bosses going to break any immersion.
if you really sleep in the tomb  we will increase our pledge again xd
thanks so much sean! i really appreciate your support! :)
ok guys! just wanna let you know...it's very late and i have to go down into the tomb and lay down in my sarcophagus aka go to bed... ! (lol) so... if you have any questions... please feel free to email me (or comment)  and i will definitely respond first thing (approx 8 am) tomorrow morning! .... have a wonderful night backers!  you're the best backers in the world! :)
awesome! i have been here since day 1 as a glory seeker and this has been a great campaign. i also like the fact that i don't have to add on the $10 for dice and that my level really is everything the game has! (not counting gripmats, but was never much for those anyways)
@sean  yes indeed! if all goes well with molding.... they will look fairly similar (probably even better) than what you see in the sample pics! :)
just to make sure i understand. there will be no 6 sided dice with this game at all? i like the doublesix, but i want to make sure i understand.
be sure to vote for us in all nine (9) categories! :) secrets of the lost tomb is in the running for the "20 most anticipated games of 2014" in the overall, original, cooperative, solitaire, strategy, thematic, sci-fi, horror, and fantasy categories. http://www.boardgamegeek.com/geeklist/167744/20-most-anticipated-board-games-of-2014-voting
we are "locked in". now we are onto the boss minis!
let the race for the minis begin !!!
after the last update i had a look at the stretch goals to see where the mighty kraken fits. i was very happy to see its part of the $100k goal which we have a good chance to get!
all dice will be doublesix ;)
@chris the extra set custom dice with the glory seeker pledge will also be double six or just regular d6?
thanks chris :)
thanks darryl
@thomas...nothing is final yet... things will be upgraded :)
sporting an sotlt logo for the final 48!
chris, font font tab of equipment is terrible, i hope it is not the final design ... you can show the final design of card? or it is now in desiogn process (sorry by my no good english) ... :)
just in case anyone was confused... doublesix is the main dice in the game as of now ;)  like what's in the update ;) ...  (etching design subject to change)
to continue on aaron's idea, what about pre-orders(for a certain amount of time) on the website also going towards any stretch goals?
i love the size of the kraken mini....or perhaps it can be even bigger????? i want them alllllll
@aaron... i'm not quite sure yet .. that's a good question... i will talk that over with my people :) thanks for the comment!
will you be counting money received on backerkit towards any stretch goals not achieved during the ks campaign?
like robinson crusoe lol
@larkin  the info is beneath each adventure pack.  (it's no rush to choose which you want until i send the survey out for you to choose your options)  i'll have tons more info about the adventure packs and all that stuff on our website... later after the campaign... there's limited space to put tons of info on the kickstarter page and we used a ton!! but journey to the tomb is a special large tile that allows players to walk from the sea plane to the doors of the tomb and potentially find treasures and useful items... but also dangers and outdoor monsters and animals :)
@terry i got some cool magic right here!!! :p lol i'll reveal that cool mini 3d artwork in a little while!
@sully interesting... i don't see why you couldn't do that...  for objective cards...  its no big deal if they are printed (by you) if you put them in a card sleeve and shuffle...  (of course not as nice... but lol...  it can be done :p
@greatlich yes indeed we will do that! i think that's probably the best way to do it in general.  ;)  good comment and question ;)  thanks
does the epic gamer will have an exclusive miniature?
where can i read up more details about the adventure packs. i can only pick two so i'd like to know what i really get, especially about the 'journey to the tomb' one.
we should hit 95k without any problem and we should hit 100k we probably will hit 105k depends on what magic chris is gonna on the last 24 hours
looking at progress on kicktraq-  thanks to all the recent pledges, i'm confident of getting the last sg i was hoping for- upgraded tiles- and i think you glory seeking chaps will get at least some of the mini sets.
would be tricky to make self-printed cards indistinguishable from the professional ones in the objective deck? that aside, could- with permission- scan the blanks provided and then overlay own text using suitable software.
@greatlich i think sg for $85k already include blank cards
@chris - regarding the create your own adventure script, will you provide pdf so that we could print our own cards?
let's hit 100k before 48 hour notice !
@backers... dont mind us... we're just very excited! :p
lol... you were so excited... that you even just commented twice! :p
lol... yeah guess i was so excited for the awesome wave 1 boss minis that i overlooked to cool interlocking tiles :)
one tile at a time... one tile at a time! :) but we're very close to minis though! :)
@ninjace  lol.... it's interlocking tiles
hmmm what was that next stretch goal again... oh yeah... wave 1 boss  minis!!!
welcome to the team brig gen. patrick drake!
and there it is 90k! welcome brigadier general!
@elizabeth hey! all you have to do is either add on the items now to your pledge by "managing your pledge" or you can wait till later in the backerkit survey and add it on later and pay for it later in the survey. if you add it on now, the excess money becomes "backerkit store credit" so you can basically pick any items you want later! so the answer is ... now or later :) thanks for your support and for your question! :)
i'm a little confused about the add-on menu. if i'm interested in some of those items, do i have to add their amount to my backer level payment now, or can i pay separately later?
@howard sorry, click on the link to the project on the web page. we have hit the top ten so have moved to their front page.
@howard  you could add those dice... however... we are not 100% on making both dice... but we may... we're waiting on the double manufacturer info... if you add the add on now you will get the options later to add them on... if you want to wait you can and when we send the survey you can also add things on then as well and pay separately in the backerkit ;)   thanks very much for your support!!!
@stephen i do not understand what you mean by "kick the link to the project" could you explain this? thanks.
another dice question:  in the add-on menu you can still order the normal 6 sided dice for $8. if i add say $16 to my glory seeker bid does that mean i can select 2 sets of the etched normal 6 sided dice?
its good to visit the site once and day as it resets 4.00pm (australian sydney aedt http://www.timeanddate.com/library/abbreviations/timezones/au/)
would be good if everyone could visit kicktrak to raise the projects ranking. if you do, its best to kick the link to the project as it seems to count more. http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/everythingepicgames/secrets-of-the-lost-tomb/
cool only a few bsckers away from checking off another stretch goal, adding a new character and being that much closer to wave 1 boss minis!!!!
@anders we are currently working on prototype designs of dice! if we can do more than one design we certainly will! we are working with doublesix now and we always want to always find new and exciting opportunities for uniqueness and to help establish us into our own realm of the gaming production industry. we hope to make a very high quality product that all will enjoy :)
are you saying the game only ships with double sixes? any way to get traditional dice? i find the double sixes to be truly ugly!
@peter sorry for confusing you and some others about the dice situation! have no fear! everyone will get the cool custom symbol fun dice! they will be included in the core game! (the picture representation that we currently have is of the traditional dice shape) the new doublesixes will look like the design (which will be improved for clarity) and will be in the double six d12 shape for cool uniqueness! (will still roll same probability-wise)  the add-on will allow you later in the backer survey, let you choose the pips (just like the doublesix pips) or the custom etched symbol dice (in case you want extra dice for your game) the glory seeker comes with 2 sets of dice already included! but you might want more! you might even want extra dice for some other game! so the options will be there!  but we want the unique shape and cool looking feel to the dice... with the cool symbols and etched up look ... with the thematic colors... and the great partnership with doublesix as well! :) thanks so much for your question and for your support! :)
i'm a bit confused about the double6 dice.  i see them as an add-on. it sounds like the add-on is for custom sotlt dice with the symbols.  is this correct?  are they also going to be included in the main core game?  update 35 makes it sounds like they will.  if so will they be the custom ones with the symbols or the regular pips?
@robert play time for number of players varies per scenario script but is very fast moving! think about 2-3 mins per turn per player ;)  (we timed it!!!)   it scales in a few different ways.. but one main way to point out to you is the monster spawning system... the more you explore the more awesome stuff you can find... and may also be very needed for the objectives in the scenario.... however, the more you explore.. the more red rooms you will find... which =  more monster spawn points... which = more danger... so... more players will most likely explore more rooms more quickly (keep in mind... that the comet track must be met in a specific time...) so you need to move with urgency... but the more you find... the more danger you find too! :) thanks so much for your question! i hope that helps!
@elaura yes indeed! that's totally an awesome idea indeed! :) thanks so much for making us your birthday gift! we know you'll love opening that box! :) your birthday dream helps make our dream come true and become a reality! :) thank you so much!
thanks for the reply. i have no plans to up my pledge, cannot justify that much $ on one board game. however i do see the value for money to be had and wish you lots of success! my question was only to hear why the limit was growing as i though it strange to have a limit in the first place then and another more expensive eb level after it. thanks again :-)
how long is the average play time for a group of 4 players? how does it scale with the number of players?
awesome! looking forward to hearing more. this game is my mom's birthday present to me. (they should totally make ks gift cards!) what could be a better gift than the gift of supporting someone's dream?
also! if you haven't checked it out yet... here's the print and play version of the game! it almost has 1000 downloads!!! http://www.boardgamegeek.com/filepage/98340/secrets-of-the-lost-tomb-the-mini-print-and-play-g
we almost have 100 votes everyone! :) let's keep it going!!! :)
just wanted to remind everyone about that voting! we're doing really well so far! :) we're first in a few categories! lets try to make some great headway! :)
be sure to vote for us in all nine (9) categories! :) secrets of the lost tomb is in the running for the "20 most anticipated games of 2014" in the overall, original, cooperative, solitaire, strategy, thematic, sci-fi, horror, and fantasy categories.  the final voting period opened yesterday! http://www.boardgamegeek.com/geeklist/167744/20-most-anticipated-board-games-of-2014-voting
@claus you're currently at the adventurer level... are you considering moving to the glory seeker? are you worried you wont make it into the eb?
@claus there are a few backers at higher level that i promised to allow in when the eb was raised a while back to help early backers and stretch goals back near christmas time. so we wanted to make sure that those backers will be able to jump in to there after getting some emails etc.... :)
why does the eb $235 glory seeker limit keep on growing? was 175 earlier today and at 180 now. also saw it grow in limit previous to that. seems a bit misleading to me.
@elaura  that is certainly something we are looking in to! i am going to certainly investigate that fun possibility :) thanks so much for your comment!
@rad indeed! :) thanks!!! the minis will definitely be awesome! :)
i know i'm new to this project, but has a kickstarter exclusive box been considered for backers? a little kickstarter k on the side would be fun to show off :) just a thought.
@chris i agree that without the minis this game already looks amazing especially game play wise, in my opinion minis just a fluff but a good fluff none the less
@terry  sorry but your information is not quite correct...  the glory seeker miniatures are not exclusive ... they are included in the glory seeker but are available as an add-on when unlocked!  also i want to respectfully let people understand also that your comment "glory seeker will only be worth it if we hit all stretch goals" is also only your opinion ...  most backers are very enthusiastic about the original scenario script content, epic scenario script, the tons of new tiles, including: atlantis level and medusa's meridian, the trap tile pack, the extended tile pack, and of course all of the other amazing content that comes in the other pledge levels! :) so there's tons of content not to mention... the minis as well are all a potential!  many feel that it's very worth it! whether there's minis or not! :)
hey nancy!  the fortune hunter certainly has alot of content!!! the glory seeker certainly comes with tons of extra content! like expansions (over double the amount of room tiles)  and lots of adventures... extra dice etc... also miniatures and more all included at lower than retail pricing ... fortune hunter also has lots of adventures and great content... if you want it all glory seeker is great... if you want almost all... fortune hunter is great! :)
the glory seeker will be worth if we hit all the stretch goals cos all the minis for the glory seeker will only be exclusive to the glory seeker. thus i hope we can hit 175k. i know it is impossible within 3 days, therefore i hope chris could give us some discount for the glory seeker to purchase those add-on minis.
is it truly worth it to go from fortune hunter to glory seeker? i know it adds a lot to the game - but that's a big jump for my pocketbook. how much do you all feel it adds to the playability  - solo and group? can the fortune hunter be enough?
we've been featured on the dice tower news! http://hwcdn.libsyn.com/p/8/d/5/8d5fc975e5093047/dtn201-dicetowernews-episode201.mp3…
@andre heh... my true and primary hope is for you to be happy as a "duck in a pond" with your new game! that said... we at everything epic games, are not here for ego, or to show off, or to try to be big shots... we're here to do the best we can to sincerely make an excellent, unique, fun, and special gaming experience that you and all of the other gamers will love and tell stories about! what ever it takes... how ever long it takes, we want this to be great that's our #1 promise! :)
@sully absolutely!  i wouldn't call them "quality issues"  ... they're really  "quality opportunities" it's all about finding the best way to do things... making the game better with every choice is an opportunity to me! :) germany is definitely exciting and you are 100% right about your speculation! as a new company... we dont want to take unneeded chances and risks... we want you all to be ecstatic with your new game! :)
@rad yes! it's what we'd really love to do ideally! :) we will let the backers know as we make deals etc! so you'll know what you're getting as it progresses! but we're really leaning that way!
@greatlich indeed! quality and excellent product is #1 !!!   (but we're still doing our best to get it done on schedule as quickly as possible in your hands!! )
chris, if you can get this out by august, i will be impressed!! i sincerely hope that it will be you telling me "i told you so!" come end of may, instead of me saying it. good luck!
@chris now that's what i call an epic answer to the schedule question- thanks!   so is the reader's digest abridged version more or less- currently expect to deliver in may, subject to quality issues being manageable within current plans? oh, and the german printing option sounds exciting- not only for their reputation for quality, but also because i'd expect them to be pro-active in working in partnership with you- they can ensure their extensive experience is shared with yourselves, something that the emerging economies can't (yet) offer to the same extent.
@chris printing in germany? then i have no doubt about the quality, they be top notch
quality always come first !!! we are helping to make a dream come true...i've never expect any ks i backed to be on time.  the delivery time stated on the ks page is always an estimation.  so please do you best to make a high quality game...i guess we won't mind some delay...
@martijn  yes indeed! there is lots of player interaction! each character has their own strengths and weaknesses... however, you must keep in mind that the game is also very strategic and you must use each other's ideas and work together to succeed in the tomb! every player can do actions to help and assist one another in many different things, like combat, trading, healing etc... so interacting with one another is a very important part of a cooperative game like sotlt! :) thanks for the question! i highly recommend watching the gameplay video! :)
@andre and sully:  so... how do we make sure it's all ready for print? we work our butts off of course... now, depending on how many miniatures are made... (and some of you know that the stretch goals have changed multiple times to evolve for the awesomely changing environment) so you know that we are making it easier to get awesome minis and other stuff in the game! so… we have to get 3d physical sculptures made for each mini (which of course takes time...) and there's no way right now in this stage (3 days left) to know 100% how many minis there will be... but what i do know is how many scripts there are... how many tiles there are, characters (10 of which are "player influenced" which all need custom artwork done (takes some time) ... i know how many cards need to be made... dice... etc… this stuff is all accounted for...  now something you guys don't yet know... (and we're not locked in yet but high potential!) is we may be printing the game (manufacturing the game) in germany! now... this is more expensive for us (for eeg) however, this will make our game be manufactured faster, more efficiently, more effectively (less print errors and mistakes) and with better time communication gaps removed! it also will ship faster not only to eu but it's also closer to usa for shipping to us as well!  i recently got a game (a kickstarter i backed)  in the mail (not going to say what game it was) and it was manufactured in china (by a "prestigious chinese printer") and i was very shocked (because of the printer) to find major mistakes/manufacturing problems in the components... this sort of thing is something i want to avoid, in a big way! i want you guys to get the best game that we can possibly make! and if that means i go with a more expensive printer, i will do that, if that means that it will take me "extra time" to complete the project to make sure that items get manufactured properly and that the rules are 100% perfect! and that the quality of the miniatures is excellent, and the tiles art is 100% and the cards, characters, game balancing, artwork continuity, overall thematic flow, storyline, shipping logistics, distribution network, and that everything is perfect ... if that takes extra time for us, then we will use that time to the greatest potential that it has to deliver you the greatest tomb diving experience... the best cooperative and competitive game... the most epic pulp action adventure cinematic board game experience that we can possibly deliver! because we at everything epic games are not in the business of creating 2nd rate, or half finished, or low quality, or rushed board games... (which we have been working on for a long time now, perfecting and playtesting this game thousands of times)  quality, continuity, and “gamers having fun” is extremely important to us and our first priority!  so please fear not… our communication is strong, as noted by many backers ;)! and it will continue to be strong... we will do our best to deliver on time as expected... but if anything what so ever is to come up... you backers are going to be the first to know! we will not leave you in the dark... we will not disappear for months at a time.. we will keep in touch (not spam you lol) but keep in touch so you know what's happening with your game! everything epic game's motto is:  of the gamer, by the gamer, and for the gamer... and that means you!
@andre and sully: let's talk about "content" muahahahahhahahahah (goes a bit insane for a moment)  *snaps out of it*  well..... we have a ton... lots... mega... omega.. amount of super awesome content.... (which is cool as heck!)  right... right? ok.. ultra long answer coming now! ..... ;)
question: how much interaction is there between players? or is it everyone for them self just using the same board, and trying to get the objectives, is there actually interaction, (sharing abilities, items, powers ect)
@andre and @sully  (and a little cody and larkin too!)    rofl you guys!  what a great exchange of comments! i love it .. grasshopper and wise old duck!  ahahhababahahhaha.... ok... i'll start responding in a second.... but you guys are too funny!
@occam i responded to your private message but i will also respond here:  the gripmats will ship separately for the time being... if that changes i will let everyone know... the reason is because of the international fulfillment that saves you the vat, this is the way we ship internationally.... the items may not fit in their standard boxes and they also may not want to smush up the gripmat to fit it inside the box... so they will default to shipping separately. it is a very long and large sized item! i also would not want it to get stretched or damaged accidentally. i currently have a gripmat (sample) and they are really nice and durable... however i still probably wouldn't want to smash it up too much.. but i didn't do the product damage testing :p thanks for the question!
@sully thanks it's good to be quoted!
@elaura  thanks so much for joining our adventure! :) we really appreciate your support! this is definitely an necessary buy! ;)
@paolo no new tiles included, but yes boss monster/s ;)  thanks for the question
@terry link added. thanks
i generally a +6 month for delivery on kickstarter boardgames producing in china.
@andre i appreciate your elaboration and that your intention is good- but not everyone will be as patient, and there's a risk of this alleged issue spooking backers at the 11th hour, so i hope chris can give us an update on the delivery schedule.   pushing back the delivery date is no panacea- it would almost certainly increase project costs and definitely delay cashflow, not desirable at any time but particularly if the project budget has been fixed at the end of the ks.   the risk would then shift towards the project being uncompleteable- and even i know there's been no shortage of those on ks.
look, i wish them the best, and i backed them. i just want to make sure every one here has realistic expectations. heck, if eeg came on and admitted that they may have been a bit optimistic about the date, i would be very impressed and might even upgrade my pledge knowing that they were probably a little over zealous about the project, instead of being profoundly deluded about the time frame for the production of such a massive game.
we're talking basic project management- but why assume that isn't the way that eeg work? @chris, waken from your tomb and give us a (reassuring) sign!
@cody  under-promise, over-deliver. that's how i would run a project.
@andre that works to
i would rather the creator pad the the delivery date for unseen delays, and for all stretch goals that have been planned. that way the game has a much better chance of being delivered on time, and if things go smoothly every one cheers because it arrives early.
personally i would rather the game be late and be/look amazing than be on time and suffer for it.
@andre you wise old duck, i see ks in this case as more of just a funding stream.   my personal experience of producing a game- along time ago, in a pre-digital age, is that may delivery is quite possible if the company are diligent.   it's their first product and has plenty of potential for add-on sales so they have plenty of incentive to pull out all the stops.
@sully he he!! i see this is your first kickstarter. i remember tose free and easy days of ks innocence. *sigh*   well grasshopper, as most ks vets will tell you, 95% of all board game ks are late and usually by at least 3 months. experience shows me that a 5 month production window is ludicrous even without stretch goals.
personally i trust the everything epic team to deliver around may as stated.   the core game is clearly at an advanced stage of development.   i think many of the unlocked stretch goals are trivial additions to the production schedule this far ahead of manufacture.
game looks great but we are all fooling our selves if we think this is getting delivered in may!!  if i use my usual (and so far very accurate)ks delivery date formula: original ks estimated delivery date, +3 months, +1 week for every stretch goal, we are looking at around mid august,  and thats based on just the current amount of stretch goals
@chris: i am trying to avoid excess shipping for international shipping on 2 extras:  dd6 dice ($8) + grip mat ($15). is it logistically possible to ship these included in a "glory seeker" package/box?  if so, would that avoid the $8+$15 = $23 shipping charge? i ask because, on the home page currently, they are both listed with additional international shipping charges.  are they still being shipped separately, or is it possible to ship them included in the bits for the "glory seeker"... even when shipped internationally? thanks, = joe =
@paolo, in case you missed it from a few days ago, chris gave a little more info, though not exactly what you are asking about-  "it will come with some monsters and some other special items etc...  it does not require the other adventure scripts to play... it is stand alone epicness! :)"
new backer here! it's not an unnecessary buy if i've had it on the brain for so long and realized i would have kicked myself for letting it pass me by, right? looking forward to sharing this with my game group!
hy does the epic adventure book in the addon comes with tiles and boss monster???
thank you chris you should put this picture on your frontpage
have a good night folks... 2:10am here... time for tomb bed... see ya in the morning backers ;)
keep in mind all special bonus stuff and stretch goals are not mentioned in the chart... we have tons of content :)
@terry that's what we have ;)
@terry https://m.facebook.com/photo.php…
can someone create a table showing what's extra between fortune hunter and glory seeker??? this will help people identify the value of glory seekr so far the homepage is really hard to compare by scrolling up and down
@stevhen yeah! :) me too! we gotta do what we can for you backers!
should be - hope we get them  (^!^)
thanks, they are generous extra stretch goals- hoe we get to them. the 175k dragon king one seems very interesting.
the three bonus adventure packs for special "lost stretch goals" are for above 100k 125k =  the exploration of excalibur 150k= the inquisition for the fountain 175k = the secret of the dragon king bonus stretch goals for all pledge levels "the adventurer" and above! enjoy! :)
if we reach 100k we unlock wave 1 boss minis!  all levels adventurer and above will get new special adventure packs listed in the lost stretch goals list :)
so if we reach $100k all levels starting at adventurer include all the adventure packs?
update sent!  the lost stretch goals are now found! :)
@james  we've been working on that indeed! we've certainly gotten some feedback about that so we've decided (a few days ago to work on a way to add in some more scenario script dispersant into the stretch goals... that will be updated by tomorrow morning... thanks for the comment! :)
@tom thanks! our backers are awesome! :)
perhaps if all the remaining stretch goals were not at the glory seeker level there would be more movement.  if i was just seeing this project for the first time and took note that all remaining stretch rewards required backing at almost $250 i know that i would certainly pass.
@kevin awesome thanks for the update! eop team, don't let up the steam now... there are 2 weeks of voting still to go! we are off to a great start, but lets keep the pressure on to hold onto that 1st place spot! also don't forget to stay active on bgg to keep us on the hotness list :)
sotlt is in first place in five categories and in second in the other four.  nice!
thanks to all of our awesome backers. as one of secrets' creators, i'd like to wish all of you a great new year! i'm going back to polishing the scenarios. they are looking incredible.
wow your doin awesome on the most anticipated games 2014 on bgg
@mrs howard! you are amazing! thank you so much! it is much appreciated! :)
mrs howard here: just voted for sotlt in all 9 categories then logged in on my husbands account and voted again in all 9 categories so you got 2 votes from this family - hmmm maybe i should create accounts for each of my daughters hahahaa
cool! :)
@morgan thanks!
i have voted now! ;)
hey backers! when you vote... be sure to vote for us in all nine (9) categories! :) secrets of the lost tomb is in the running for the "20 most anticipated games of 2014" in the overall, original, cooperative, solitaire, strategy, thematic, sci-fi, horror, and fantasy categories. the final voting period opened today. http://www.boardgamegeek.com/geeklist/167744/20-most-anticipated-board-games-of-2014-voting
i believe!!!
@chris right!
@gerald dont worry i have high confidence that we will get both! :)  right guys? .... right?!
@roman thanks for voting too! :)
@rad thanks for voting!
@swedishbear it's really hard to give you answers right now until we see the final result of the kickstarter after the next 4 days! but i give you my word and promise that we will keep you backers very up to speed (not spammed lol) but we will let you know what's going on very often... you'll all be the first to know about everything that happens! :)
@scraps thanks for sharing the link and for voting!! :) much appreciated !
@robert we have a couple plans that we're discussing and we will of course keep the backers apprised and will keep in touch as we come up with new ideas! we will certainly let you know... we will know more once the campaign is completed so that we know exactly how many minis we have that we have not unlocked!  thanks so much for the question! we're working on it, have no fear! :)
i think the interlocking tiles should come before the new character.
@rick thanks for joining our adventure and for sharing the link! we're very excited about it! thanks for your support! :)
voted too :)
voted
thanks guys for the votes. really appreciate the support.  voting ends jan 18th and there is a lot of competition.  so if you haven't already,  please vote and spread the word!
@chris, thanks for the answers. can you reveal some of the plans? :) about gripmats, do i add the pledge here or on their kickstarter? if here is it the same prices and discounts?  @rick, voted, i was number 54.
i voted for sotlt in all categories for the bgg finals, http://www.boardgamegeek.com/geeklist/167744/20-most-anticipated-board-games-of-2014-voting. the final voting phase started today.  the nomination phase is now closed.
@chris - i was wondering if there are any post-kickstarter plans to purchase some/any of the minis that the kickstarter campaign did not unlock (if there are any). personally, my ocd nature wants the minis for all characters and/or all bosses or none at all.
thanks rick!   i'm off there now. btw assuming it's yourself, great job creating and operating the poll etc.
secrets of the lost tomb is in the running for the "20 most anticipated games of 2014" in the overall, original, cooperative, solitaire, strategy, thematic, sci-fi, horror, and fantasy categories. the final voting period opened today. http://www.boardgamegeek.com/geeklist/167744/20-most-anticipated-board-games-of-2014-voting
@swedishbear  no a kickstarter can not be prolonged :(  however... we have some very interesting ideas for after kickstarter promotion and some awesome projects that will help cross-promote what we're doing here! :) have no fear... we're going to do some amazing stuff! and you're all a big part of us and what we're doing here... and we thank each and every one of you for joining in on our adventure and on our first ever kickstarter journey! :)
@swedishbear  the gripmats are shipping from within the eu indeed!  and thank you for the kind words and suggestions! this is a new experience for us all so we are doing the best we can to make all of this better and better as we go! :)
i have to agree with terry about running next kickstarter not over christmas and new year. i belive many have spent there cash already. is there any possbility to prolong a kickstarter? i have never backed a project with this amount of money.  one thing that can help is if you can clearly write out what is included in the mission adons earlier/clearer. i belive it's 15 cards, 2 charachters, 2 bosses, 2 tiles and 1 adventure (doublesided)' have i forgotten something. really hoping we can get to 100k! question about gripmat, will they also ship from within eu? and is it possible to have another graphic on them than these presented here?
wow !!! another goal down !!!
@rad... (i do not believe all of the gripmats will only be a ks exclusive most definitely perhaps only some designs) i believe some will be offered outside of ks as well for future purchase! we will be working that out for sure in our future dealings with gripmat! :)
also backers... bgg news:  we've dropped to #16 on the hotness...i know it's tedious and boring ... but it helps get us up on that list .. which helps other people see it!
@chris youre right, btw it said that the gripmat for sotlt is a kickstarter exclusive? so it would not be in production for future purchase?
@rad thanks!!!    yes that's most of the designs (some aren't there..) however... the map one is being shown mis-formated... it's actually long and skinnier.... (24 x 46) size... just as an fyi
@terry ... sadly i must agree .. the holiday season is certainly a rough time to have a kickstarter... this is our first one... however have no fear! we have many awesome things lined up and we will continue to make epic games for you awesome gamers! :)
@terry sotlt gripmat still need to be made. you can check out all the available sotlt design here http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/bfrgames/gripmat-get-a-grip-on-your-game/posts…
@terry  i am indeed sorry i can not show the gripmats on video , even though i would like to because they have not been printed as samples yet! :(   (yes i know they are not cheap... but they are about the same price as a smaller playmat for something like magic the gathering etc... but in the scale they are much larger! larger= more$ ) minis after stretch goals :  will be put into "waves" so they'll be available in sets of 6-8-or 10 depending on size and complexity... but this way for each add-on you'll be able to get a nice amount of minis for a fair price!  so we will put a bunch of minis for each stretch goal in each wave mini pack! :)
i think next time when you want to start the kickstarter, don't do it during the christmas/new year if you did this around oct-nov and finish early dec. we probably will hit $200k easily.
@martijn  hey!  thanks so much for the kind words!!!! the tile expansion packs are indeed 25 and the adventure packs are 20 (as add-ons) they are much less when you pledge into a higher tier... however... please understand that each of these packs come with new adventures, new bosses, new story cards, new items, new artifacts, new tiles, new characters... lots of new stuff! ( not just a scenario and nothing else) but they're each jam packed with content!  thank you for your support!!! we really appreciate it!
chris, is there any chance that you could show us the real product (prefer video) of the sotlt grip mat on play session? i am still not sure about if i should get it or not...$65 is not cheap for the mat. also, i want to confirm with you that all the sg of the minis above $100k will be avalaible on add-on even if we didn't meet the sg, correct?
@kevin thanks so much for joining in the glory seeker adventure! you definitely will find glory with us all! :)
@terry i agree! however, we have so many goals... pledge goals... incentives.. it can be overwhelming for some people :) we have 4 days left to go and we have learned a lot! and we most certainly, in future works, future games will be able to make huge improvements on already awesome product lines! (we always appreciate your enthusiastic suggestions and help! thanks very much terry as always! :)
@terry remember  "bgg blitz reward" etc...  most of the time those 500 backers etc rewards are usually not something as awesome as an adventure pack or as an actual add-on... we gave everyone something awesome for helping out!  it's really worked very well for everyone! having backers back us up on bgg is very successful and we really appreciate everyone's hard work and determination!
@rad and @chris - thanks!  i made the jump to glory seeker.  it's well worth the extra $ imo.
the rewards boosts (force) the backers to spam shares so you get more known, a bit like we do the free advertise for you
@terry  we decided to do special backer help rewards!
i have to say i'm really liking the idea of this game, but if i want the game and the 4 expantions added with the shipping cost. i'm looking at a 185.00 dollar game, i'm yet to be convinced that its worth that much money. and then i don't even have all the extra stuf. why are the expantion pack not just free addons, you would have probably gotten dubble the amount of money, a few extra cards and tiles ( 2 of each i believe) are they realy that expensive? every expantion is 25$, as i'm looking at them they might be worth 10$.
@rad thanks for your help and backup once again! :) highly appreciated!
chris, how come we don't have the 500backers bonus sg??? other games do 500, 1000,2000 backers (look the mega man as reference) also, just an idea from privateer, they have the crew rewards. i.e # of facebook shares, # of bgg fans, and # of backers, once we reach the target # required, we get deduct from the total funding required to unlock each stretch goal.
@kevin  sorry for any confusion on the packs ... we have a (not so great) comparison guide here: http://everythingepicgames.com/sotlt-kickstarter.html but it's out of date because we've added so much new content and surprise content that we weren't able to update it anymore... but what rad told you is 100% correct! you get 119 room tiles in the glory seeker!!! and just about everything in the game.... fortune hunter does not get all of the room tiles (expansion packs) and does not get boss minis etc.. but it does come with all of the original adventure packs! ;) both are a good value for sure!  hope that helps!
@sully  i know you're going to see grandpa potts... and he'll tell you the story .... " the big brown bear... came lollipin' over the mountain... " hah
@stevhen yes indeed!  it's a big expense for a new company to create and manufacture these types of items... so we'll certainly, once established, have the ability to do some other crazy  and awesome things later on as well! but we will always no matter what keep the epic gaming going.... of the gamer, by the gamer, for the gamer! that's our motto! :)
@rad - thank you!
@larkin indeed... however ... the awesome news is ... you're getting a bunch of extra adventure scripts because of the kickstarter's hard work and determination! :) thanks so much for your support! you wont be sorry that you pledged! it's gonna rock!
only 15k away from boss minis!
@tomas  welcome to the adventure of secrets of the lost tomb and kickstarter! it's going to be a wild ride! :) glad to have you!
... ok back to comments... lol  (a nice interruption ... )
@pledge   wooo!   85,161 now!   (stretch goal activated... and unlocked... )
@sully thanks so much for keeping up with the voting and most anticipated for us! it's awesome that we're in the running in only one day of being on there! lol! you guys are sick!!!  (in a good way) :)
@greatlich  yes!  (since your comment we're only 74 buck-a-roonies away! let's do this! :)
ok! i'm back! :) ... commenting now... in order from latest to earliest.... ..... commencing.....
@kevin currently glory seeker includes the following: custom dice + trap pack + extended tomb pack + meridian of medusa + atlantis pack + drakkus pack + valhalla + epic adventure script. fortune hunter can get the above packs as addons
what is the best way to compare glory seeker level to fortune hunter level?  is there a graphical representation of the difference somewhere?  just scrolling back and forth on the ks page, it's difficult to determine the overall difference.
@thomas welcome to the team! you picked a great project to be your 1st!
also, on the $100k+ rewards- with just 4 days to go to get the extra $15k, we could do with many more glory seekers (or people to upgrade to glory seeker), so i think it's fair enough that the rewards give the incentive to pledge at that higher level.   personally i'm happy with what i get at fortune hunter level and hope to see grandpa potts ;-) and the upgraded tiles get unlocked.
@larkin, a lot of game projects i have backed alternate between a lower tier stretch goal and then a higher one. i guess for this project all the lower tier stretch goals are for everyone and the higher tiers are paying for more adventures (i would have preferred monster mini goals like the $100k ones lower down the stretch goals, but can live with things if we don't get them as the game looks fun).
i pledged at tomb raider level and it is sad that all rewards from $100k on are only add ons we have to pay for.
hi, my first kickstarter .... i look forward to it.
...oh and should have mentioned- as far as i understand it, once the final 50 have been confirmed, all the 1st round votes are wiped so everyone will need to vote again for the final round.
bgg most anticipated nominations- well done guys, sotlt is currently at #26 (on the overall list) with 105 votes!    the leader has 312 but considering that sotlt was only added 12 hrs ago that's an impressive mobilisation of support (the next highest game added yesterday only made it to 224th place!). anyway, looks like we'll be in the top 50 which go forward for the final voting- stay tuned for chris's update which i expect will tell us when and how we can vote- looks like we'll need many more than the 1 in 5 of us who voted in the 1st round.
$900 to 85k now! go go go !!!
top downloaded file, 500 backers, 1500 to next goal, in the running for most anticipated game of 2014!!! now were talkin! thanks backers for making this great!!
we're featured in the board game geek top downloaded files of 2013!   for the print and play and the rulebook!  http://www.boardgamegeek.com/thread/1096254/top-files-of-2013 check it out! :)
come on everybody join in!!!
@chris minis...minis minis... minis... minis... minis! minis!!! minis!!!
keep up the awesome work! :)
excellent! 500 backers!
link to bgg nominations: http://www.boardgamegeek.com/geeklist/165250/item/2999145#item2999145 link to our bgg page (to help with hotness)  http://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/150484/secrets-of-the-lost-tomb thanks backers! :)
absolutely cody! :) we can definitely do this!!!  let's start the chant...  minis... minis minis... minis... minis.. .minis!  minis!!!!
should be possible we just hit the magical 500 backers xp
i was just stating that that was the minimum amount needed to get us into the voting for every category.  but i believe in the backers of this amazing game and i know that if we all band together we can make some truly amazing things happen like... getting those boss minis!!!
@chris we should be able to get even more thumbs than that?, no i know we can get more thumbs up than that!
tell your friends and spread the word! more votes = higher rank, higher rank= more new members, more new members= more stretch goals! :) thanks eop members for helping put us on the chart!
yeah! cody! but we should be able to get even more thumbs than that! right guys? ... right? :p
if we get 2 more thumbs up at least we will be in the voting for every category the game has been nominated for.
one more time folks! here's the link to help us get nominated on boardgamegeek for most anticipated game of 2014  link: http://www.boardgamegeek.com/geeklist/165250/item/2999145#item2999145 all you gotta do is give us a thumbs up! :) thanks for your help!!!
paolo... sent you a message about more pnp (which we hope we can put together after ks is completed :)  thanks for being so excited! we really appreciate it!!! :) we want to put stuff together so you guys can have some fun and get your "tomb on" while we are getting this game made for you guys!!! :)
@cody thanks so much for the quick answers and backup! :)  much appreciated ... as you can see.... hands are full here with promotion and pushing those stretch goals!! :)
@robert thanks so much for joining in the glory seeker adventure! we are very proud to have you aboard! thanks so much for the kind words! to second cody's awesome quick response... no you're not missing any gameplay items! :) you're going to "get it all" only extras are extra swag or player aid like the gripmats and tee shirts... :)
@cody thanks!
those are the remaining add-ons.
@robert there is also additional copies of the game, doublesix dice and additional d6 dice. but that is it.
i swear, these amazing kickstarter tabletop games are driving me to the poor house :-) i just pledged at the glory seeker level and just wanted to make sure that i am not missing anything. from what i can tell, the only thing that is not included is the playmats and t-shirt. is this correct? or are there other items missing from the glory seeker package? can't wait to play this game!
yes indeed sully !!!  i hope more of our amazing backers will help thumbs up!!!  link again : http://www.boardgamegeek.com/geeklist/165250/item/2999145#item2999145
...and every single vote could gain us a position so please help out!
thanks to the 6 new voters we're now at #48 (with 66 votes) but obviously all the other nominations will get new votes too.    but to put things in to perspective, the #1 nomination has 310 and the #10 just 163- so if most sotlt ks backers voted it could get to #1!
bgg most anticipated nominations- only the top 50 go through to the final vote- sotlt is currently at #56!   currently only 60 votes.
what about the mini expansion to the pnp ?
@brandon thanks so much for your support!!! you won't be sorry...
this is the first kickstarter i have ever backed at this high of a level (glory seeker) you guys better not disappoint!
rank 11 on horror category xp
yeah added the pnp link on the nomination page too xp
very good so far rad! we need to keep pushing to get in the running for the top 20!! :)
already at rank 35 for coop and 90 for thematic
thanks terry!
ok i will go thumb up for you
ok 9 thumbs so far! :) keep it up guys lol! we've gotta compete with shadows of brimstone.. 217 thumbs.... lol we can do it!!!
@peter- oops due to my flaky connection didn't see your last comment below in time...
i did it- but see i've been just beaten to it, so i've deleted my entry. anyway, it's now nomination #245 so let's get thumbing!
ok i think i see how to do it- let me know if anyone else has it in hand!
here's the link to the nomination:  http://www.boardgamegeek.com/geeklist/165250/item/2999145#item2999145
i was being humble lol
hey chris did you see the nominations instruction "game designers and publishers are encouraged to nominate their own games by adding them to the list. don't be humble and wait for someone else to do it"- and at least if you do it yourself you can pick the categories.   i'm only a recent contributor on bgg (though been lurking for aeons, as they say) so not confident of doing it right when pressed for time.
anyone willing to go and nominate us for most anticipated game of 2014 on boardgamegeek.com if someone nominates us i will send an update to try to get everyone to thumbs it up! .... today is the last day!  http://www.boardgamegeek.com/geeklist/165250/20-most-anticipated-board-games-of-2014-nominati/page/1?
lol sully...
ok thanks chris, sounds good, i'm off to order some standalone epicness!
must admit ms ericson does seem to be half embarrassed and angry "i can't believe i have to stand here wearing this!"- give the poor girl some decent clothes and replace the photoshopped helmet and then she might show more enthusiasm.
terry! yes indeed! we have some various artists who work on the game and some of the artwork is placeholder artwork to be upgraded later. please understand that and please be patient! you notice that the 4 horseman art is amazing.. but it takes time to get completed and it also takes lots of $$$ :) so please try to be patient and we promise that we will make this game awesome and good for you backers! :)
i really dislike the art of valhalla rising especially her face, eyes...looks really dumb...anyone has the same feeling as me??? the artwork so far is really inconsistent, it looks like the 4 horseman is from one game, and valhalla rising is from one game, and the rest of artworks are all from different games. while your game concept looks good, i felt the artwork is really the weakest point....this is just my thought.....i really want this game to be good
@sully  it will come with some monsters and some other special items etc... it does not require the other adventure scripts to play... it is stand alone epicness! :)
@chris- the epic adventure script might tempt me- does it come with any components of its own?   does it require any of the additional adventure packs?
@grouik  yes indeed! resolve yourself to hardcore tombs gaming in the new year!
@espen thank you for adding some great norwegian culture info!!!   lief also means "happily" in an old germanic tongue! :)
@ chris : love it! :p want it! maybe a new year resolution? ;)
his name is accually leif ericson, not lief. and leif ericson is a translated name from the true original norwegian name leiv eiriksson ;)
@grouik it will be a booklet-format adventure script with much longer story sections, much more in depth objectives, and many more options for the direction in which the adventure will go in. it's a lot like a choose your own adventure book....so when you get to the end of each story narrative section and after you complete each major objective... you'll have a set of options... depending on the choice, you'll have different outcomes, potentially different dangers, and alternate endings to the adventure! let me know if that helps at all and if you have any specific questions! :) thanks so much!!
@martin yes indeed you are correct! you have the pricing right... (for added shipping and handling) thank you so much for your support! we appreciate it and really look forward to you playing our game! :)
i added valhalla to my pledge, would go for the glory seeker but its just too much money! tomb raider plus two story expansions and the valhalla would mean 40 dollars for shipping? is that correct? 25 for the game and 15 for the add ons? cheers!
@chris : yes both great games! can yuo tell me more about the epic adventure option? the campaign mode? i hesitate to add it to my pledge... :p
im a huge fan of agents of smersh too and tales of arabian nights! great stuff!!!!
@greatlich  you're definitely going to love the epic script! :)
@sully hahahah! you figured it out! ... the writer of sotlt looks just like grampy potts! so in his honor... we made brig gen patrick drake!  he's an awesome character actually.... cool special ability to raise the party's courage by using morale raising speeches etc! :) he's cool!
@morgan  yes indeed! they will certainly be awesome!
@paolo thanks for joining the glory seeking adventure! happy to have you onboard!  :)
@scraps im not sure!? i'll have to check and figure it out!
well i want to see $90k so we get grandpa potts from chitty chitty bang bang!... http://www.telegraph.co.uk/culture/film/film-news/7271669/lionel-jeffries-chitty-chitty-bang-bang-actor-dies.html
yeah, im hoping for the interlocking tiles too!! seems very practical to say the least. ;)
the upcoming sg is boring to me i am waiting the interlocking tiles and boss minis @100k
glory seeker saves $48 on addons compared to fortune hunter!!!!!
good choice paolo !  only 2 eb2 glory seeker left !
just raised pledge to glory seeker !!! i own agents of smersh and making something like that can only be a great news !!! all the best games features mechanics are now included and i am so happy !!! wonderfull
guys !!! only 8 eb2 glory seeker left !!! grab them fast !!! glory seeker is the way to go !
waht !!! omg !!! epic adventure script !!! it's a dream !!!  i grow up reading steve jackson books and i love games like agents of smersh and tales in arabian nights with story choices !!!
is sotlt eligible for the bgg 20 most anticipated board games of 2014 nominations?  i didn't see it listed. http://www.boardgamegeek.com/geeklist/165250/20-most-anticipated-board-games-of-2014-nominati
@greatlitch yes 80k... dr dupont is now welcomed to the eop. 6 days and 20k to the monster minis! keep pushing team, spread the word and visit bgg and like everything that you can!! thank you for be the best backers in the world!!
wow !!! 80k !!!
backers, go vote for the game at http://www.awesomegamingprojects.com
might i suggest adding gripmats to your pledge?  lot's of epic art to choose from!  man this game looks awesome... and i love the story concept.  great times ahead.
whoops sorry clicked too many times... lol too excited i guess...
@don...  the vault opens again  tonight!!!!! be ready!!!!
@don...  the vault opens again  tonight!!!!! be ready!!!!
@rad - thanks for all of your support. you have been awesome though the entire campaign!!
glory seekers want to know if anything more is coming in the order of perseus.
@sandeep done
just added my 2 cents. thanks for the support sandeep!
hey backers... i posted a thread on reddit earlier today http://www.reddit.com/r/boardgames/comments/1u5sfh/secrets_of_the_lost_tomb_an_intimate_closedpacked/ the site works on upvotes and downvotes.  i think the post is getting downvoted by regular users.  if that thread gets 1 more downvote, it disappears.  in order to keep this thread active, and increase general awareness (more pledges + more stretch goals), register with reddit and upvote this post.  also to be fair and increase the visibility of the thread, leave your opinion of how you think the kickstarter has been, how your print and play playthrough goes, or anything relevant.  please bring the passion you have here, in this comment section, to the reddit.com post so that we may increase the level of awareness for this game.
i am a fan now just clicked
@rad agreed while a lot of people are on holidays around now, i still think 1000 backers is not out of the question considering what other projects not as good as this one are getting.
time for another stretch goal update - congrats on 80k team!
487 backers and only 183 fans on bgg, come on people clicky clicky time cause i need that boss mini sg to be unlocked http://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/150484/secrets-of-the-lost-tomb
we welcome dr heidi dupont xp
congratulations on $80k!-)
nevermind... lol
12 dollars away from stretch goal!!!  lol
@brian a great idea for sure!!! :)  you'll certainly love it!!
@chris, yeah betrayal is nice but was never quite the game i wanted it to be.  plus i always seem to end up playing it at a con with someone else copy so i would rather spend money and pimp out my copy of lost tomb!!!
@brian! that's awesome !  sorry to see a copy of betrayal go... but  you wont be sorry!!! you'll really be happy for the upgrade!  thanks so much for your support!!! :)
ok selling my copy of betrayal to upgrade to glory seeker!
thanks very much, sandeep. it's much appreciated. that will surely help push us past the $100k mark. don't forget bgg.
@sandeep copy that! :) thanks !
@rad thanks for the explanation assistance!!! :)
@sandeep thanks for the support!
hello everyone! i posted a reddit.com thread: http://www.reddit.com/r/boardgames/comments/1u5sfh/secrets_of_the_lost_tomb_an_intimate_closedpacked/ if you are familiar with reddit, you'll notice that the post starts under http://www.reddit.com/r/boardgames/new/ and will get promoted to http://www.reddit.com/r/boardgames/ . 1) if my post gets enough upvotes from registered reddit users (clicking on up the arrow next to the post) it will get promoted to their /r/boardgames front page 2) please post any insightful thoughts you have gathered about the game below the post. 3) do not post anything that sounds like open marketing about the game.  just keep the discussions informative and talk about any of your experiences with this kickstarter. 4) happy new year
@swedishbear och we still have early bird glory seeker so if u grab those now you will definitely get more benefit. im at the first early bird glory seeker so i already save $28 xp
@swedishbear hej youre missing a few things since glory seeker includes the following: custom dice + trap pack + extended tomb pack + meridian of medusa + atlantis pack + drakkus pack with total value of $8 + $20 +$20 + $25 + $25 + $10 = $108. but if chris gonna add more stuff on the vault of perseus than the difference would be significant since glory seeker includes all vault of perseus items and fortune hunter does not. i also bet lots of people gonna switch from fortune hunter to glory seeker
happy new year eop! this is the year the tomb arrives!!
happy new year backers!!!!
@swedishbear  the glory seeker comes with many more room tiles than the fortune hunter...  it has all of the expansion tomb tiles, the trap room tiles,  the atlantis 4th level room tile expansion ,  the medusa's meridian level expansion room tiles... and more!!! this is a huge value and also comes with the boss miniature sets that are unlocked by stretch goals!!!  i recommend scrolling down on the kickstarter and comparing the two pledge levels on the main page. thanks so much!!!
@roman me too!!!!  ;)
hi everyone.  happy new year from sweden.  can someone explain what the difference between the plegde level "the glory seeker" and "the fortune hunter" and if it's worth 100 dollars more. i feel that i'm missing something!  thanks very much in advance
i really hope that we archive the boss miniature stretch goal :) happy new year everyone!
@martin yes!!! i will update everyone with an excited update later tonight!  im very pleased that were at the top 10! thank you so much for your hard work!
@martin look at the most recent update  http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/everythingepicgames/secrets-of-the-lost-tomb/posts/707898…
just had to jump on this! got the tomb raider level and two expansions! when do we hear about the samurai expansion? like the concept of that too!
(first day of hong kong 2014 :p  )  let's hit 85k on the first day of us 2014 :)
let's hit 80k on the 1st day of 2014 !!!
almost 1k away from welcoming a new member to the core set :) looks like i will be having some banner updates to complete in the next few hours :)
final week team persus! an top 10 on the hotness list again. lets ring in the new yer at number one!! don't forget you can like videos, pictures and comments... the more likes the higher on the hotness we go :)
woah! we're getting really close to dr. heidi dupont .... ancestor of dr. frankenstein ! scientist and genius biologist... her life goal working with the eop is to find the secrets of life and death... hoping one day to bring back the dead!! but until then... she uses her genius powers for the forces of good! :)
@nicolas  honestly ... i've never played dungeon run yet.... i have played mice and mystics (i own it) so perhaps someone else in the comments can help with dungeon run gameplay? i think the best thing i can say is we have more story... more freedom in the game... its cooperative... and it's the pulp action adventure genre ! :) (like indiana jones rather than pure fantasy) however we do have cool monsters and supernatural stuff too! :p
@tom  dont worry... the year is coming! :p
@greatlich  happy new year!!!!! hong kong! happy happy new year! :)
@sandeep  yes indeed!!!  top ten is great! :)
@paolo i'll see what i can do! :) it's not easy to translate the game but we will try to see what the options are after the ks is complete! (im looking into a couple different ways!
@cody thanks for your help with clarifications and helping other backers! i appreciate it!
@aaron  nope! the goalpost did not get moved! :) l... but please keep doing it! :p  the higher the better! this is the final week so we need to get as high as we can on there to get as much visibility as possible and get as many eyes on the project as we can! the more the merrier! :0)
@rad  thank you! :) i really appreciate your help! it definitely helps!!!
@cody! yes indeed you guys are doing great! and you've really done an amazing job! i hope you're excited for cool samurai action! :) also, yes let's keep going to #1 !!!!
how this game compare to dungeon run ?
to you as well but its only 17.32 here :)
it's now 2014 in hong kong !  happy new year !!!
oops... might have been premature on the top of the list call.... top 10, though!
looks like we made it to the top of  hotness!!! also, we are number one at boardgamegeek.com ... lol.  on another note, i'm amazed at how international the board game hobby is.  i think it's awesome that sotlt has backers willing to translate the rulebook into multiple languages!
i can translate it to italian language too :)
but lets still aim for #1 on the hotness list
update 34 is the correct one. update 35 says"http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/everythingepicgames/secrets-of-the-lost-tomb/posts/707099 the link above brings you to yesterday's update where we discuss and reveal the new samurai adventure set and 'how to help everyone get this for free!"'
is it just me, or did the goalpost get moved? reading update #34, it sounds like we get the adventure pack when we get on the hotness. update #35 makes it sound like we only get the pack if we make #1 on the hotness?
ha my clicking on bgg yesterday pay up xp
lets keep it up we are so close to #1
9 more slots till number one
we are on the hotness list!!!!!  :d
@paolo so happy to see you so excited! :) give me a little time and i'll see if i can put together a print and play expansion pack :p
@roman send me a message privately and we can discuss that further, but yes i'd love to translate the game... but it does have some major costs involved and some major text translation..... this game has lots of text :)
sounds good :) are there any future plans for a translation to german or any other foreign languages? would be proud if i can help(with the german part:)
just give us some more rooms in the pnp mini game please!!
@morgan  thanks!!! :) we appreciate all sharing that anyone can do! :) the more the merrier! we wanna hit as many stretch goals as we can!
@roman  im not sure how you'd play with the story cards, monsters, etc... if they were not the same size as the rest...   the adventure scripts would be "ok" as print and play... but the rest of the supplemental items would look messed up in my opinion.... however, in the future... we are looking at potentially releasing some cool content and also potentially fan player-created content on our website/blog for fans etc... print and play stuff! :)
i posted in a google+ group with around 8,6k members, hopefully some more will join this great game!
any chances for us kickstarters to get the (or some) addons as print and play?
@scraps great mate!! ;)
@morgan  thanks!  oddly, everything worked just fine with firefox. onward to bgg comments and thumbs up!
@morgan  i'm using chrome.  i even turned off adblock just in case.  i'll give it another try with firefox.
@scraps, what browser are you using? i think with either firefox or chrome you should be fine. im using chrome on my ipad and no problem.
@chris  thanks!  i just tried registering again and got the same error.  i submitted a report to google via the recaptcha help link but if it's a problem with the bgg website code then i don't know if they can really help.
thanks so much morgan!!!
very weird scraps...  ill have to look in to it....  sorry about the problems...
i have done it, it just takes a few minutes and gives us so much. ;)
i wish i could register on the bgg site to help out, but their recaptcha service keeps timing out with a 'could not open socket' error. :(
thanks chris !! come on guys let's do this !!  love you like them ... it's just a pity that tinypic lowered the resolution on them...
if everyone helps us get on the hotness you will get a new adventure... we did it before we can do it again!!!!
if we help get on "the hotness" on bgg we might get a new adventure.
hey all you awesome backers .... if you missed the update check it out! http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/everythingepicgames/secrets-of-the-lost-tomb/posts/707099 lots of people have already done some comments and thumbs up ...but for us to take the #1 hotness spot again, its going to need everyone to pull together and work as an awesome team!:) thanks so much for  your support!
@sully indeed... it's awesome to see people getting into sotlt and striving to make their own stuff! so cool!
@paolo  nice job! :) hahaha! i love these images.. very cool style! thanks so much for contributing to the awesomeness!  ill see what i can do about adding anything :) --chris
thanks a lot ;) i'll make some monsters too :) an about my project i think it will rock ...prepare for a zombie infested and time travels all on the same board map :)  it will be a sort of zombicide but with something like 200 over chars no 3d minis just print and play 2d vintage coin op style...lots of bullets and normal and zombie chars in it. anyway don't want to steal space here about my project !! keep it up guys for secrets of lost tomb it's cool !!  add some more rooms in the pnp version please !!
yes thanks paolo- very amusing and great that sotlt has inspired fan variants even before it hits the shops!  you have certainly captured that video game feel, i look forward to seeing some of your own game.  best wishes for your project, get it up on bgg!
[img]http://i43.tinypic.com/2mdp0cp.jpg[/img] is it ok now??
hi paolo, i tried your link but it wants to run an executable file, which is odd to just view an image- perhaps you could upload to bgg to make it easier/safer to enjoy?
it would also be good for boardgamegeek profile if we could get more discussion going there.   already quite a few topics, everyone who creates a bgg account is free to join in existing topic discussions (even if it's just by thumbing posts that they agree with) or start new ones.   discussions are easier to follow than on here, because each subject has its own thread.   for example it would be interesting if people who've tried the  print&play game could post their thoughts on it and the rules.   (incidentally, i have been posting there, but under a different name).
obviously they won't be in my boardgame just a tribute to this great game !!
hy guys here there are my custom minis for the mini pnp solt game  i am a game designer and i am producing my own board game i like so much this project and i decided to give you all a little late xmas surprise :) hope you like them. the style i am using is a sort of 32bit videogame ! [code]http://speedy.sh/qvtk2/solt-pnp.bmp[/code] http://speedy.sh/qvtk2/solt-pnp.bmp
will be very hard to get on top. but woth a try!
yes indeed! the boardgamegeek site has lots of our stuff... cool info.... nice discussions on forums about things... also... you can help us out by posting comments and thumbs up-ing our pictures on there as well! this helps us get higher on the hotness list which helps get more eyes on the game.. which ultimately helps us get more stretch goals! :)
thanks for the link stephen!
kicktraq shows the pledge rate ramping up ever since christmas eve (also known as 3d bianca day)- at this rate the brigadier should get in the box, also perhaps the interlocking tiles, with the next wave of minis not far from that.
i'm not sure if the newer backers have found the "board game geek" site yet.  good for a look and i found a lot of good information on the game. http://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/150484/secrets-of-the-lost-tomb
1000 comments and a stretch goal hit in one day! great job backers! you're the best backers in the world! :)
no problem steven!  and we only have 2 sample pics! we have lots of different gripmat artwork options.... make sure you check out the updates for all artwork ... also check out gripmat's kickstarter! thanks! chris
ok thanks. i did not see they were added to the add-ons list.
both sizes that we offer in our add-ons will work! it really depends on the play space you're going to be using at the time of gaming! :)
what is a good size gripmat for sotlb?
@rad thanks for sharing! :) there are certainly going to be some awesome options of gripmats!!!  :)
more gripmat art for sotlt and also different sizes for the 4 horseman mat http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/bfrgames/gripmat-get-a-grip-on-your-game/posts/706316…
@morgan welcome to the adventure!!! :) thanks for your support!!!
@stantazchild  yes! i agree! :) lets get there!
woohoo, i just jumped on this bandwagon on gloryseeker level. im really looking forward for this! ;)
maybe we will get lucky and another 100k will fall from the sky in the next 10 days.  i would love to have the four horseman as minis.
wahooo
just hit $75k!  nice!
it will be a type of item that anyone can use.there will be various cool types. :)
@chris u mention that players can set up traps, is this possible for all characters in the game or just a specific character (like the dundee guy)?
@cabal thanks for the suggestion!  definitely a good idea... we have a ton of trap tiles that were perfecting for sure and our objective is for them to be balanced and fun! ;)  so we're going to make sure that they all work in that way 100% ;)
okay, so losing a turn is essentially losing actions. thanks for the clarification. losing one of your two actions is a hard but valid penalty i don't have any problems with being in the game, being forced to skip an entire turn (in this case meaning both actions) is never fun in my opinion though. mm, i don't know if i can come up with a semi-useful suggestion as to how to change the effect but how about a knowledge roll to prevent the mindful character from stepping into the sand in the first place. i do think i heard that you can spot quicksand if you know what to look for so that would make sense. if you fail the roll, somebody (either yourself or another player) must spend 1 action on the tile to free you.
@cabal   the quicksand trap room (is honestly under revision) im sincerely considering taking out "lose actions and lose turns" from the game... however i am playtesting it a bit further... what it currently means is:  end turn: no story card that is the end of that "explore action" you dont lose more other than that....  the -2 turns means you lose 2 actions next turn...  it's one of the core tile rules that i've been working on an alternative for... losing movement or perhaps dexterity instead may be a better effect... i'll be playtesting those effects instead... i dont like making people lose actions/turns... (not very fun for some folks) feel free to let me know what you think about that! :) thanks! chris
@michelle hey! currently the retail pricing "the msrp" is listed in the add-on menu in top left hand corner of the add-on section for each....  drakkus may not be available later because it's a kickstarter exclusive currently...  thanks! let me know if you have more questions!
@ chris: you definitely nailed it then imho :) there are some things i forgot to ask, regarding the "quicksand" tile effects if you don't mind: does "end turn" mean you flip all your remaining action tokens, if any? do you still have to encounter a story card if that happens? and what is "-2 turns" when you fail the test?
ya know, i know i floundered on backing because i wanted "high emperor drakkus" but the fact that the other add-on adventure packs have 2 scripts in most of them makes me re-consider. you did say drakkus would be available later? i was wondering if a price point has been decided on most of the add-ons after the official release?
woo hoo @ cabal! thanks so much for trying it and enjoying!! that's exactly what we were going for... easy to understand... deep enough... but not too ridiculous with pages and pages of rules :)  thanks again and thanks for the comment!!! ;)
just finished a run of the p&p mini version and wanted to say this: the combat system rocks! i really like how slick and easy to understand it is while retaining enough depth to create a lot of different situations for the player. i already figured as much from the gameplay videos but to see it in action (even is this reduced form) is a joy. thank you for neither creating a clunky mess of rule exceptions with countless individual dice rolls nor a dull and simple dice fest without any thrills, depth or surprises. i especially like the way combat with multiple players in one room is handled by just letting the players make a tactical decision of whom gets attacked instead of creating 10 pages of monster behavior rules that need to be remembered which grind the fun to a halt in too many other games out there (*cough* level 7 escape *cough*). i'm already hooked and can't wait for the full game which makes the coming months all the more painful to sit through ;d
thanks a lot. i really love that square mat with horseman at each corner...but 36 x 36 is too big for my table.
@greatlich we at eeg don't believe we will be offering any other sizes right now... but i'll let you know if that changes!
@santanzchild  yeah!!! i love the 4 horsemen!!!
@chris - will there be 24 x 24 gripmat?
i have a pledge at gripmat already and the 4 horseman is probably going to be the design i pick it is damn pretty.
while i love the new double six dice, i love the symbols on the original six sides dice as well as i may make use of the different symbols
wow !!! the 4 horsemen mat is sooooooooooooooooo cool !!! i will use it when playing other fantasy game too....
and so is my update!!! :) you're gonna loveee this one!!!!
75k is just around the corner now !
@rad and stevhen thank you very much for your help and support! :)
@nicolas sorry about any confusion! i have the table that steven provided but i am more than happy to answer any question you might have about any pledge. feel free to send me a message anytime! :)
@nicolas well some people still dont understand how to read the table since i had seen people ask the same thing even when the table was on the main page. i think the point is people need to take the time to understand what you can get from different pledges
something like that... http://pixelsmashstudios.com/kros_tracker_frigost.jpg easy to read, easy to understand for anyone who want to pledge
thanks, but is the tracker up to date? @eeg i understand that you have made beautiful picture to show all the stuff included at each level, but i easely get lost!  i prefer a pledge tracker like the one made by nicole on the krosmaster  ks.
@nicolas  found a better copy: http://www.everythingepicgames.com/sotlt-kickstarter.html
the value is even greater then that now...  the savings is listed on each pledge level as you scroll through the kickstarter...
@nicolas the alternative pledges and what they contain are  listed in an update;   http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/everythingepicgames/secrets-of-the-lost-tomb/posts/676515
also when the result of the survey will be announced?
i can't find the pledge comparator...
@nicolas! the other game modes will all be in the " adventurers almanac: a reference guide" which we have not released yet....  thanks for your comment!!!! if you have questions that are specific... please let me know and i'll answer! :)
i looked for the game play modes in the draft of the manual, but they are not listed... where can i find the list?
i'll get a final word on the double sided from gripmat asap...
@chris (eegames): thank you for all the options... and such cool expansions.
@mrshoward, i did not realize the full double-sided imagery was off the table.  ouch.  thank you for pointing that out and clarifying our (limited) options for me.
maybe it was already asked, but do you have reduced shipping cost for canadian backers?
glory seeker i mean (to include early birds)
it yould be cool if the 250+ backers can get the gripmat free or at reduced price...
about the gripmat, i think you can fold it pretty easily.  so if you fold it in 4 in each direction, you can get a 9" x 9" square...
you can get a grip mat through either one of us... ;)
mrs howard here: @occam yes you can purchase the sotlt maps directly through the gripmat kickstarter. the gripmat kickstarter has also said they can't print art work on both sides only on one but what they might be able to print on the white side is a grid overlay which is what they are still looking into.
fyi, i gather these are available direct form gripmats: the "comets and portents" is 36" x 36" (+$50 pledge), and the "historical comet chart" is 24" x 42" (+$45 pledge). and, as @chris & @rad report, double-sided is yet to be determined (direct from @gripmat).
for double-sided (assuming the designs have to be preconfigured for pairs), how about: sotlt "lost tomb cycle" gripmat 36" x 36": side 1)  "comets and portents" side 2)  "boss monster artwork for the adventure scripts" sotlt "global domination" gripmat 36" x 36": side 1:  "eop --- historical comet chart" world map side 2:  "four horsemen" facing four corners... as in four corners of the world. cheers.
@sandeep, great idea --- the four horsemen deserve some love!  perhaps with each horseman facing a corner (in the four corner orientations).  i would offer that instead of "eop - dark times" (which doesn't appeal to me at all, and i don't think it does sotlt justice).  four horsemen is another beast (gripmat) altogether.  bring 'em on!-)
any chance of a four horseman 36" x 36" grip mat?  that'd be brutal.
@chris, could you give stats for the chart (36"x36" or 24"x48" form factor)? also, but are the sotlt grip mats exclusively through sotlt, or also directly through gripmat?  for those of us already with gripmat pledges (and perhaps logistically crazy), could we save shipping by ordering the sotlt grip mats direct with the rest of our gripmat pledge?  (not a crucial question, but for international shipping, it could save some double-billing on shipping.) thx.
@rad thanks for the answer: yes indeed.. they dont know about doublesided yet... it is pretty cool to know so many people love the map! it's really cool art! i like it alot too! :) i'll get to work on seeing about pricing for the doublesix engraved designs! :) thanks so much!
@gripmat themselves still testing the double sided map so they are not sure if its possible
great news on dice.  if you've seen one pip, you've seen them all.  i want sotlt "cool thematic symbols" on my dice... yehah!
ahh, shipping mats separately makes sense.  thank you. on another note, are the mats double-sided?  i am keen on the "eternal order of perseus --- historical comet chart" myself.    is that chart a 24"x48" or 36"x36" form factor?  i'd love to have that and "the comets and portents" for variety. thx for all the information.
@occam  yes! (doublesix dice and i are talking about doing custom engraved doublesix dice... meaning... cool designs, with cool thematic symbols, and small numbers on every face! )  this is an extra cost ... just like the regular d6 engraved dice are an extra cost for us but it's a cost for eeg... and we're doing this because we want you to have the coolest game ever! :) so there may end up being a pip sotlt dice set (special for doublesix fans and other folks) and also, a custom engraved doublesix made special for the core game that everyone would get, that would have the cool symbols and etching details etc! :) thanks for the awesome questions!!!
@occam we're working out the shipping on the dice (probably shipped with your other orders.. so unless you order dice (and only the dice) which is not the ideal... then there wont be more shipping cost... ) the gripmats, however, must likely must be shipped separately... (you must understand that the size is long! 24/46 or 36 x 36 ... that's long!!!) sorry for the inconvenience... but these mats will be rolled up and shipped (most likely) in a tube or something, which wont be able to fit in the standard game shipping box.... logistics can be crazy! thanks for your comments!!! :)
ok, found info on main page.  i think that needs an update announcement.  also, i'm not keen on the pip doubled6.  are the custom game doubled6 still under consideration? thx.
argh!  where is that information?  also, are the dice and mat shipped separately for international --- and therefore at significant shipping charge (and what is that charge)?  or could we (please) get them all bundled together for shipping together (fingers crossed)? thx.
@rad, thank you, but where do you see the pricing for the mat and dice (ok, i see $10 for old-school dice, but not the oh-so-essential sotlt custom dice)?
@occam and rad  yes indeed! you can definitely either add the money on now or you can add it on later if you feel more comfortable! (backerkit will allow you to add on whatever you want in the end!) if you add-on now though, you'll help make more stretch goals! :) thanks so much for your support!!!
@occam just add the additional amount of $ + shipping for the add ons you want. at the end of the ks you will have to fill in survey or pledge manager to specify the add ons you want
@rad, please spill the beans.  what is the secret incantation for adding gripmat?  ditto doublesix dice (if you know)?  thx.
gripmat added xd
@rad and @ interlocking tiles :   in the survey i wanted to know how much people liked interlocking tiles... why? because i can still do a "type of interlocking" that isn't puzzle pieces more like "notched sides" that would still keep the tiles together and straighter but not puzzle-like, which is what i was asking in the survey... i wanted to figure out what people would like more and what they felt was more useful... having a gripmat could still be a nice addition to the game if you really want the tiles to stay in one place whether it's interlocking or not... however, once again... a gripmat is not needed for gameplay... it's only a secondary player aid for those who like it! :) thanks so much for your comments and support!
@paul none of the gameplay will be effected whatsoever by these additions... the additions are produced by the other companies and are only just helpful or interesting items that some people would like but are not needed for gameplay! ;) thanks so much for your comment!!!
@rad the "map of the tomb locations throughout history" would be the 24 x 46 (it's thinner and long) still 2 feet wide though :)
@sully sorry about any bugs! i did receive a bunch of comment answers in the survey... but if you dont think yours worked... please feel free to email me directly and send any feedback or opinions directly to me! thanks so much!
@john gt: thanks for the kind words! i'm super happy with how the 4 horsemen came out too!!! :)
@john gt: hey!  as of right now our box size is large!  12 x 19 x 4!  so it should fit all extra stuff (we tried to plan for this and we will change if we can if needed...) im not sure what you mean by the included add on question :( i'll try to answer you better if you can  tell me what that's from (feel free to email me directly) depending on how you'd like to play the game whether you'd like to set up the tomb length wise or  "left and right" the gripmat that's 36 by 36 gives you the largest space incase you're using all of the expansion materials as well... but really it's tough to give an option on that... i usually set it up long ways... but that's because i dont usually (when demoing in a store) have a wide table... i evolve the tomb depending on play space! :)
@mrs. howard  yes i was asking if you, the backers, would prefer doublesix dice in the game... i also asked if you'd prefer the doublesix dice to be engraved... i was also considering just putting some in... the doublesix dice give the game a uniqueness and a specific tone that make games stand out... i know that d6 is a tradition that almost every game has... but almost every game has it! so as a new game company, for us to succeed, we need to find ways to be different and interesting to new players... the doublesix dice would function the same way as a d6, except they would roll a bit more and would look a little more interesting on the gameplay table... people would come up to you and ask... hey cool dice! what are those? doublesix? there's d6x2 on that die? cool!  and stuff like that.... so to answer your question... we wanted to get a feel from the backers what they thought would be best! so far i've got 100 responses!!! im going to wait for some more responses and then let you guys know what we're going to do! :) (i.e. traditional etched, doublesix etched... or both! :)
@sean:   yes! there is more vault stuff coming : one idea i was considering was having glory seekers have the ability to submit a story card for immortality in the game (working with us as final editors etc of course) we have more adventures to potentially put in there...  and we also have an "epic adventure scenario script" that is still waiting "on base" (the vault is all dependent on the growth of the campaign itself) we've been in the lull of christmas lately so we haven't been able to add anything more just yet...we want to, but we have to keep the integrity of the campaign together as it rises. we hope to add something very soon! :) thanks so much for your question and for your support!
@paul well i have to agree that the content of the different pledges shouldnt be changed but i think its a good idea to make more add ons available (gripmat & double six dice) that people could purchase in addition to their pledges because these things could boost the pledge and helps open up more sg. as for interlocking tiles i think its available as one of the sg already
same here sully. i ended up having to choose one of the options, but hopefully my comments made views clear, which is that i don't want to see fancy dice or gripmaps or interlocking tiles if that means less money available for actual gameplay additions, e.g. new tiles, new stories, new monsters, etc.
@chris which gripmat size should i choose for the world map design?
@john glory seeker include almost all add ons except i think t-shirt, gripmat (since its new) and perhaps the double six dice. all add ons available for purchase for all pledgers
survey bug?   didn't let me input an "other" answer without also selecting one of the defined answers.
is all of the glory seeker stuff going to fit in the box?  and when you say "included add-ons", do you mean they're part of the glory seeker pledge, or available for purchase for glory seeker pledgers? opinion question: is the game better played on the longer mat or the square mat, assuming one has a table to fit either? guys, the apocalypse horsemen pics are outstanding!!!
double sided dice = double six dice (sorry)
hello this is mrs howard, i am a little confused about the double six dice. from your update i got the impression you are looking to replace the standard 6 sided dice with the new double sided dice (something i do not want - and voted so on the survey) but from the update on the double six kickstarter it sounded like you were looking to add them as additional dice to each of the core games thereby each game would come with both the 6 sided dice and the new double six dice. if this is in fact the case that would change my vote to a yes i would like to see the double six dice included. can you please clarify this situation. thank you.
@chris you know i am a big fan and have been pimping this game out like crazy since i found it. i'm one of the super early glory seekers, but as we near the end of the campaign, i am noticing the vault is looking a bit sparse. there is definitely value in the game and i'm not going anywhere but you may want to consider adding a few items/adventures to the vault above what you have to really differentiate it and make it an unbeatable value. i'm just giving suggestions, no negativity here. i can't wait to play!
@steve  hey!  the competitive modes unlock some cards with them (for core base games)  these "trap cards" and other cards are for use with the entire game they are useable for solo and coop play but become even cooler and geared toward competitive play.... what i'm trying to explain is... lol... is... that the items that come in there have multiple uses and can be used for solo and coop play and competitive play.... specifically the trap cards (not tiles but cards)  the trap cards are special items that a player character uses to "set a trap" their own trap! these traps can be accidentally sprung by monsters.. and other players (in coop not sprung by players as easily) but in competitive mode you can hide traps and set traps that players can walk on or be hurt by etc... there's also some cool story cards that add some other cool challenges to the game  (and of course the special rules) hopefully that helps... i'll try to make a post that describes more competitive rules on bgg asap! :) thanks for your question!
i noticed that the competitive mode unlocks both include new trap tiles and cards. are those also usable for solo or coop play, or are they specific to the pvp games?
@occam / joe!  yes indeed! you can either, add to your pledge now (the extra it would cost to purchase the extra pledge) which becomes an extra option for after the kickstater is over... or you can do that add on after the kickstarter is over (potentially the early bird pricing might be gone by then.... so you definitely have the options... either way you'll have to add in the extra special information later into the backerkit for the extra items that you wish to pledge! thanks so much for your support and extremely kind words!!! we're doing the best we can and we will work as hard as possible to make this game the best it can be! :)
@chris & eeg: could you confirm the secret (?) handshake and financial numerology to order 1 glory seeker bound for usa (e.g., $235) and 1 glory seeker bound for switzerland ($235+40) = $510?  would that incantation succeed?  much appreciated. kudos on the buzz, game design, and well-deserved success! = joe =
i'm going to put out another update tonight about gripmats and doublesix dice ;)  and print and play and rules!
gripmat got update on sotlt design!!!!
@michelle  thanks so much for your support! so glad you're with us!
@stevhen  thanks alot! hopefully we're going to fly up and get tons of stretch goals in!! let's keep on pushing forward!
@kraven... we've contacted fulfillment... i'll let you know if anything changes... but that's still a reduced pricing from the 65 dollar pricing from our original shipping quote :)
christmas was good to me this year. i don't have to sell my kidney to pay for my $100 pledge! yay!
project still trending around the $100,000 dollar mark on quicktraq, not bad but hopefully it will pick up after the holidays.  http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/everythingepicgames/secrets-of-the-lost-tomb/
ouch 40$ to ship to canada, hope u guys can fix that would be nice
merry xmas!!!
@greatlich  thanks! we're happy about it :)
@adam  boooooooooommmmm!!!!!! that's what i like to hear! :) congrats on the upgrade!
you may see me in that indie hat after all...
due to that update... just upped to legendary... boom!
great update !!!
good night kevin! :) merry christmas!
minis to all and to all a good night!
heck yeah!!  just wait till our special artwork is up!! ;)
baaam! minis in and im getting that 24x46 gripmat xd
wow !!! what a wonderful x'mas !!!
have yourself a "mini" little christmas! !!
merry christmas backers!!! :)
and we have minis for christmas!!!
also stay tuned for more info on doublesix dice! :) a cool synergistic partnership between us to make official secrets of the lost tomb doublesix dice! :)
@greatlich  it should be tomorrow that the official announcement with our official secrets of the lost tomb gripmats in at least 2 sizes....   24 by 46 and  36 by 36"  !!!!  :)
would love to know more about the gripmat addon...i am getting two 24 x 48 from that ks.
thanks sandeep!!! :) i love it too!
yes glen! let's get there and keep on going! :)
also our new work with doublesix dice as well! another christmas surprise for everyone :)
lol! rad and sully.... it's both!   gripmat and bianca! :)
so close so close - minis for christmas please.
nice to see your ad on board game geek! hoping to get those miniatures underneath the tree, tonight!
wow... looks like minis will be in those stockings tomorrow!  keep up the work team!!
gripmat for sure xd
well, bianca seems to be boosting the pledges nicely!   or perhaps it's the allure of the gripmat...
yep let's keep on moving forward!!!  ;)
we're picking up some momentum now.  hopefully, that carries through christmas.
@kraven welcome back sir! it's good to have you back!!!
@sully i could give more details... im just afraid of spoilers...
want this bad gonna try and get enuff $$
i think it would help pledgers make up their minds if there was specific detail or examples of how much the actual gameplay (not just theme and protagonists) varies between the different scripts/scenarios.
@rad thanks! we're doing the best we can to make this the best we possibly can! :)
@chris awesome \o/
;)
@rad yes! as soon as gripmat adds it to their kickstarter i will add it to mine.
@chris so are u going to add the gripmat as addon for this ks?
@terry i'm glad you're still here and i hope you can stick it out though to the end! we're not done yet! we still have the boardgamegeek.com contest and the final week or so of the campaign should start to bring people out of their hobbit hole and hopefully join our party towards the tomb! :)
@stevhen yes indeed you are correct... we need to get over that hump and start getting some minis to help some people believe in the project again. we have lots of people who believe in the game and the core heart of secrets of the lost tomb and we're really glad that they'll have the opportunity to play the game and enjoy it to it's fullest extent! i'm glad that there are lots of folks who have put their faith in us to make a great game and we're glad that you did! thanks so much for that! we hope you're having a great holiday!
@greatlich thanks very much! you're spot on with what you're saying... we're certainly doing our best and we really do appreciate your undying support! we decided to launch during the christmas and holiday season, which apparently is a rough thing to do... we're doing our best to make this happen and we're not going to give up!
@rad thanks very much for still believing in us. the game is certainly not all about minis, they're a part of the game to help immersion even more... but they're not a part of game play... they'll look really great when done... thanks for sticking with us!
@steve we fight them one at a time as they're triggered... we just wanted a group shot for the scenario script as well! :)
its kind of sad now a days people just go for minis instead of game play, thats why i backed this and ma and not hq, avp, krosmaster or megaman because i believe the game play would be awesome
i have only been a backer for an hour or so.  i think as the mini's start to mount up there will be more backers.   even so, after watching the video of the game play it looks like a great game anyway.
we will hit 70k for sure! this is a great game in itself even without those minis! after all this game is not minis oriented...the system and gameplay is where it shines!
we didn't grow much these weeks, a bit disappointing...was thinking maybe because of the christmas but looking at machina arcana, they've reached 140k now even no more sg and still growing strong. to be honest, i don't think this will reach my target goal (175k with all minis) 14 days to go, i will wait and see if i am gonna cancel this or not. i know chris has done everything he can do...but we are not growing well so far.
@chris dang i want that map gripmat, i was going to get gripmat before their ks is done but if i can get through the add ons then it would be awsome
do we fight the horsemen all at once or separately? it would be cool if they  have individual triggers to spawn separately and each have separate abilities.
let's get those minis on x'mas day!
sounds great!! can't wait to see them.
@realm master...  yes indeed... we're working hard on it...  ill be sharing our newest mini tonight which you'll be able to see far more animated...  ;)  it's a process that as you know takes alot of time as well as funding...  we have some of the sample 3d artwork but we're still working on getting more of it.  some of the 3d art may change prior to completion... the monsters are quite animated and there are a couple characters that are not as animated... but alligator macphee is pretty cool with his slashing movement with his machete and tonight i'll reveal bianca sinclair guns a blazing... ;)
@chris - have you considered making the character minis a bit more animated. what i mean is that they all look like they are standing at attention. unless there is a design characteristic that requires they all be in the same pose of course. i think multiple different action poses might make the minis look more exciting to new backers, and current backers as well.
yeah cabal! i'm going like a madman on this end!  *<l:o)}  christmas certainly is a major distraction away from kickstarter... we run all the way through till jan 7th so past the new year 1 week should help :)
let's hope that after this x-mas stuff blows over we shift gears and make up for it.
@adam agreed.
@rad 0-o indeed
o_0 amount of backers going up but the pledge going down?
this teetering on the edge of the $70k is so painful...
@steve... heh! most of the monster artwork is done by mr. braithwaite... (main boss monsters etc... he still has more to do! it's a lot of work as you can see by the detailing! )  character portraits by george patsouras of avalon the resistance + flash point fame... and just about all other art by ninjace productions... (tiles graphics etc) glad you like it!!! :) we're working really hard to make it as great as we can!
so what would be the stretch goal amount for mr braithwaite to do all of the art in the game...?
@steve yes indeed... soldiers and more!  gotta have em special for that scenario ;)  also notice the vampire mafia members as well ;)
@cabal me too i was super pumped when i got that email with the new artwork in it!!!  just wait till tonight's reveal!!
@adam me tooooooo!!!  let's get that stretch goal!
will the new monsters for men of bad intentions include nazis to kill?
the horsemen artworks are amazing, can't wait for the other two. keep the apocalypse coming!
after seeing the artwork for the horseman of the apocalypse i really want those to be minis!
@sully... you rule! we gotta get those dice now for sure... toss em at rhaz azul!!!
@shiver i'm sure they'll appreciate it! their pricing is quite reasonable and the "roll dice and get that many is also funny lol"
@kevin woo hooooo indeed!
thanks everybody!!! let's keep it moving!!!  welcome tom!! ;)
at last, i'm here to comment. excellent work so far.
woohoo!  getting close to those minis!
i loved the doublesix dice. i went and backed them.  we can never have too many dice. :)
dang, and that should have been dodecahedra.
ah, childhood memories of rolling marbles at toy soldiers...before the life-changing discovery of wargame rules (thankyou the recently departed donald featherstone). btw i must have been concentrating too much on spelling dodecahwotsits...i of course meant to say "fistsful".   oh the shame.
rofl! awesome description! :) dodecahedrons! lol.. love it! i would think of them as rolling gems or boulders from indiana jones lol... .if they hit a character or monster... then it's dead! rofl (just kidding)
fistfuls of dodecahedrons are more likely to cause collateral damage on the gaming table.  slippery blighters en mass and they roll further.   i'll stick with boring old cubes when i need d6, thanks!
yes indeed folks! i would be customizing them as per the theme of the game (green/gold or something to that effect) these would not replace our traditional d6.. this would be in addition to ... such as an add-on etc...
i've seen the doublesix dice and thought they were really cool as well.  youd would haveto customize them like the green dice in the game.
nah, i prefer the traditional d6s....
also everybody... i'm talking to "doublesix dice" about making some cool custom dice for secrets of the lost tomb.... i feel like its a cool unique shape that will really suit the feel and theme of the tomb! http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/916188323/doublesix-dice-roll-better… what do you folks think?
so, if you feel like you want 16 dice (which is what comes in the glory seeker pledge already)  then you get an extra add-on of dice! some people prefer not to pass dice around the table which is why we offer more... plus.. these are going to be really cool d6's!!!!  which we think you'll really like!
the dice in the add-on are the exact same dice that come in the game!
hey gerald! the add-on is extra dice if you feel like you want more dice! :) thanks so much for your question!
i'm confused about the dice. from the home screen: what’s in the core game box:* • rulebook  •4 adventure scripts (double sided) •50 tomb room tiles  •8 character sheets (more in stretch goals)  •8 custom laser etched dice but there are 8 custom dice as an $8.00 add on, are they differant than want comes in the game?
i'm on it!
@adam - lol, thats how i joined :)
yeah. i liked the idea... i thought the gain 2 courage would be like they had been indoctrinated... then be more of a hindrance to the other players... if they had more courage. there's an interview? i would have thought i'd have to send some kind of resume with a photo of me in a indie hat first...
@adam  haha! nice job! you got your own story card right there!!! we just need an adventure side... and the (if you fail side has to be "lose 2 courage" lol...:p is this part of your interview for becoming an everything epic games staff game writer? lol....
@ grouik no. it's not a word. you've obviously been affected by the coming of the comet... 'your feeling's of disturbances in the 'tomb' are a reflection of nightmares you've been having since you were 5 years old. 'night terror's' the doctor called them. you seemed awake, but were still fighting off shadowy figures reaching out for you... make a 'faith' check... if you fail (gain 2 courage) ... you finally realise the nightmares were a calling. calling you into service. you must protect the tomb... move to and attack the nearest player character... if you pass... (gain 1 faith) you shake the nightmares off screaming "no!!!!!!!" you hear a voice... this time, it's not in your head, "how dare you defy the tomb!" shadowy hands appear in front of you and reach for your throat... (spawn one regular monster). if you defeat the monster. you regain all courage +2. yep... pretty keen to play this game... bring on the minis!
my fellow perseusians (is that even word? ^^) i feel a disturbance in the tomb... the minis are approaching! o_o
i'm not a big fan of shirts in kickstarters. its just one of those things that isnt important to me. won't make me not back or back more either way :)
@tom as the t-shirt designer and graphic artist - thank you for your interest in our product :) we are doing everything we can to get as much of our product to as many people as possible. our company was made possible by you the backers. "for the gamer, by the gamer"
@chris so the shirts are not shipped together with the game?
thats all i can ask :) thanx
the tee shirts would be printed in the usa then shipped to you which would be high priced... if we had lots of interest in them we could probably place a large order for them but.. right now we haven't gotten much interest in the tee shirt... i'll look into better fulfillment options on them ...  no promises though :(
ah yes one compaint - why no t-shirts for us non-us people? too expensive to send?
@tom yes indeed! any help on boardgamegeek.com will certainly help us get some more notice... we are trying to get back on the hotness... but i suppose i'll just have to pull another cool top secret adventure script out for ya'll to get you inspired! :)
@sully  well... since you're a full fledged member of the order... i don't see why you shouldn't be privy to this sort of top secret intel! :)
@chris will do - just watched a dice tower vid - but now lets get this baby flying here so that we get all expansions
@chris "our characters and the eternal order of perseus have a lot of prototype weapons and sources to the black market where they are able to obtain lots of cool weapons and stuff" ...man, are you a slick operator ;-) even without that compelling justification, it would be mean-spirited of me, having embraced the concept of the secret tomb and its denizens on a reappearing island, to take issue with an item turning up a year or so ahead of its "real" historical schedule :-)
@tom rofl!   fortune and glory is definitely good stuff... it just came out with a couple new mini-expansions ... only thing about f&g is that the rules are pretty dense.... make sure if you do get it you watch some tutorial videos ... / try to do some solo games to learn the game really well :) it's definitely cool though for sure!   it's a zoomed out version with less story than sotlt and more of a competitive game then cooperative...  we're more coop...with optional competitive modes :)
damn it now i have to buy this game and fortune and glory :)
@rad ... what we do is we use the story of the scenarios to create the epic artifacts! there will be time when we create other specific artifacts... however currently the artifacts have sort of ambiguous names like "the cup" but in a particular scenario... they are really  "the holy grail" this allows for versatility and helps with balance in the game when you, as a player, are searching rooms for a specific artifact. :) thanks for the question! we may make some really cool epic artifacts in the near future... i am going to talk it over for sure!!!
@chris perhaps i missed it but are there `named` artifacts of epic proportion that the player can use like the necronomicon, mjolnir, the ark, pandoras box etc. instead of a general artifact like the gem or scroll?
@rad thanks so much for helping us spread the word!!!!
@sully thanks!  the m1 carbine and other weapons vary! our characters and the eternal order of perseus have a lot of prototype weapons and sources to the black market where they are able to obtain lots of cool weapons and stuff... the game takes place around 1933 and is in that pulp era! so we have a big variety of weapons and equipment from all ages :)
@grouik rofl you're right on all accounts! great comment responses! :) the x marks the spot! :p
tom = da bomb posting vid on all my gaming fb site
concise and informative review by tom.   it was good to see more detailed examples of the various decks. interesting (well, for me anyway!) to learn that the gameplay is set no earlier than mid-wwii (m1 carbine went in to production late 1941).
is it me are is the first room explored  in tom vasel's review incorrectly put? otherwise great review with tom as always! :)
the undead viking review was fun and complete! :) and he is right to be a proud dad! :)
where is there an x on the objective cards? o_o i do not feel it goes with the design. :)
sorry that was a spell check auto conversation. .. thank you undead viking :)
yes thank you dead viking. we really appreciate your time and candid feedback.  i loved the colorful description of what you felt like while playing the game!
@sandeep  thanks alot! yeah he definitely cracked me up with the walt disney comments etc! lol... it was nice to see the gameplay done so well too! i just sent out an update for everyone! please enjoy! :)
great to see the undead viking review!  i love reference to twilight zone! it's about time physical games started being compared with other media besides other board games!   i can't wait to see the stats of the "most adventurous gamer" because the solo player is gonna need big guns and abilities to take down those bad guys!
hey backers... check out undead viking and his video review of secrets of the lost tomb! http://youtu.be/wfmphdfbc9c
@cabal  yes! cardboard standees and the plastic stands are standard. all games will have these!  :)
as previously stated, i do not intend to step on anyone's toes / opinions (and i hope i didn't) since i can see how the kickstarter reward and stretch goal systems themselves seem to suggest that backers are essentially just pre-ordering items but it is more than that. backers are investors that also take risks by supporting projects and in some cases even help laying down the foundation for a new company altogether that will probably keep creating more content in the future. that being said, i do have a question i forgot to ask about the miniatures: even after minis are unlocked, do we still get the cardboard stand-ups with their bases in the box? i like minis but personally prefer to use stand-ups with artwork on them more often than not :)
@cabal   thanks so much for the kind words of confidence... we've been developing the project for a long time now and we've invested as much as we could in more ways than one to try to make this dream come true for everyone....  it is indeed a company and it is indeed a board game and we're trying to take everyone's feelings and their thoughts into account... we've heard lots of great feedback and seen other comments with backers expressing themselves etc... and we try to do our best to make each person know that what they think matters... because we truly do need you backers to make this happen... i said this before in a much earlier comment... but we are not yet a big box game company with large bank rolls... we're normal real people with dreams of making a really cool and unique gaming experience for people to enjoy and to be able to divert themselves from their every day troubles... to be able to have a cool thematic and social experience with friends to play a game... laugh... sit on the edge of your seat... read stories in cool voices... and just have a great time... a great time enough to have a story that you'll want to talk about later! :) so once again... thanks for the comment and for your support! can't wait for you to get the game! --chris
there seems to be some misconceptions about what kickstarter actually is since i keep reading about people wanting more bang for the buck. i don't want to offend anyone here but you'll need to realize that kickstarter is _not_ an online shop. all rewards are incentives to help fund this project and without financial support nobody except the creators will probably ever get to own a copy of it let alone see it and / or all the extra stuff for it in stores. please keep that in mind. that would also be a real shame because after watching the tutorial a couple of times and reading almost all of chris' postings about mechanics, i am really looking forward to this for i really think he knows how to design a good flowing game without all the clunk and convoluted rule-sets that other games of a similar genre keep throwing at players. just my 2 cents.
i believe that backers are investors...we take risk....so i guess some exclusive stuffs are great incentives...
@sully   thats 100% correct! now is the time to help us get our game on it's feet and out to the public! without you backers ... this game will never come to life... and no content will ever be available... so i hope you backers take a lot of pride and a lot heartfelt gratitude from us at everything epic games for supporting us now to help us make this dream a reality! :)
@grouik- indeed, if people didn't buy now it would never be available.   personally i like exclusives to be relevant and useful.
plus it is normal for backers to have more stuff in their games after all they helped make the game. you can always buy the game in store later without the exclusive content which is not mandatory to play.
@john see ya soon in the tomb!
@anders hey thanks  for the comment!  indeed the emporor drakkus adventure set will be available for add-on.  we have not been able to update the graphic just yet... but it will be updated soon. i have to say though anders...  buy now or never seems to be a bit rough... ;)  hopefully we don't come off in the way of trying to intentionally give backers a hard time about things like ks exclusives ;)  i hope you can enjoy our game with out any hard feelings.. it is after all a board game and there's a ton of content for it and tons more to be available in the future!
i agree with jorge barreiros that exclusives are a bad thing. it makes a project like this a "buy now or never" decision for me personally. i have not made up my mind yet. will the exclusive drakkus expansion be available for pledges outside the gloryseeker, by the way?
@chris, & tom, & jim -  ... see ya soon! ; )
@chris - i feel much better now. ; )
also, here's that dj grandpa link for you awesome backers too!  http://bedrockcommunications.blogspot.com/2013/12/dj-grandpas-crib-thors-hammer_16.html sotlt is second in the recording! ;)
@john hah    yes.... it's....  rodger "arikeita" macphee (arikeita=alligator in maori)
"rodger" "macphee" ... the maori!?   come on!  i want his maori name!, not his 'adopted by a scottish science teacher' name.  : p
we're also doing a game demo at the microsoft building : if anyone is from nyc and interested... feel free to come check us out! ;)   link below https://www.eventbrite.com/e/nyc-gaming-december-demo-night-tickets-9660180861
@snowren24 yep! lol.. click that link that i sent... you can see it in the background on the table haha...
sweet, so i guess this was one of the final two he was talking about. cant wait to see it!
@snowren24  thanks for helping me out with answering! :) always appreciate the support! yes he said he had two left... lol (secrets of the lost tomb) last preview ever by tom vasel! lol.... he's going out with a bang... preview style lol.... kinda like gangnam style... but better! :p
@terry chang  yes indeed! tom has played the game last week and was working on the preview for me this past weekend... he told me on the phone on thursday of last week that he would have the video for me on tuesday (tomorrow) so i'm hoping that he'll have it done for me by tomorrow as promised! :)  thanks for asking!   just to show you ... check out his live q&a http://www.youtube.com/watch…  secrets of the lost tomb .. our prototype game is in the background on the table to the right (white box with the green logo) ! :p
@donald thanks so much! let's keep the positivity flowing!  :)
thanks chris! @terry, tom vasel said he's no longer doing paid previews. he said he had two left to do and that was all he would be doing. maybe another reviewer from the dice tower would do them, but i took it as they wouldn't be doing them any longer at all.
i thought you are asking dice tower tom vasel to give the game the review??? the numbers of backers probably will boost significantly after the video is up. any idea when will it be available?
mcphee has been reached! now onto the miniatures. the reorganization of the site is working. good work guys.
eldritch
@snowren24 hey yes... tons of replayability...  random tiles... random tomb cards (games ai) random objective cards... multiple character combos... tons of different artifacts and items...  random tomb monsters  (standard and elite) and each boss and scenario scrip has their own types of strategy... and more stuff too...  think of arkham horror and the elderitch beings you choose at the beginning... however we have even more customizable and planned and tested random elements that keep players from memorizing and getting bored!!! thanks for the question...  let me know if you have any other questions...   thanks so much for your support!!!
i have a question about game play. how replayable do you see each adventure? once you beat one, do you think most players will be less likely to play it again, or are the adventure  cards and tiles diverse enough to want to play it again and again?
@jorge  thanks so much for your perspective and your comment! i appreciate the discussion about ks exclusives! there are certainly lots of different perspectives on them and we decided to go with some... we just want to say thank you to our backers in the best way that we've experienced when we've backed other things and other projects... in my experience it's a part of the kickstarter culture...  thanks so much for your comment again! i definitely like hearing what people think... we always strive to improve and get better as a game company!  thanks so much for your support!
kickstarter exclusives are always a point of contention, but i do think they suck. i understand the allure and i know they are incentives for some people to back. however, i can't really find any satisfaction in knowing i'm getting something that is exclusive. all it really comes down to is that some part of the game will be denied to future players other than me just because they couldn't back at this time, didn't learn of the game until after the project was funded or simply wanted to wait and see (which is a perfectly respectable position). it's also a way to paint yourself into a corner as a designer, because there is a part of the game you must design, support and produce that will not be made available to a large majority of your clients and won't provide you with future income. some gamers with completionist tendencies may feel they have an "incomplete" product. someone once suggested all exclusives should be accessory stuff, with no impact on gameplay, and i do emphatically support that point of view. also, i think a great compromise is time-limited exclusives (e.g: something made available to backers in the campaign will not be made available to the public at large before 1 or 2 years after launching).  i'm not really complaining about anything or anyone, just speaking my mind.
@michelle  thanks so much! we really do appreciate it! this is a very ambitious project and we really want to make sure that our backers understand that we really do care and that we really want to make the most epic game ever! :) just for you guys!
lol! im sure the tomb can oblige with that... the tomb and rhaz azul loves kidneys! hahahaa :p
and believe me, if this was in march/april, i'd be a glory seeker in a heart beat. :p
and awesome, now i have to go sell a kidney! :p
also i completely understand the reasoning behind exclusives: the previously mentioned boss monsters had something like 20 cards, several of which were bosses and heros, special level up tokens, foil prints of each of the bosses, including the bonus ones, and a nifty gold sleeve for the box (if i'm remembering them all) as exclusives for backers, but all of those were stretch goals for the basic $30 pledge. sure at $50 we got the mini-expansion for free, but that will also be on sale in their store. i can understand there being exclusives, i just think putting some of the exclusives at 4 times the cost of the basic game seams a bit extreme, especially since those backers are already getting everything else.
@ michelle!  you're going to have the "ok" have no fear! the glory seeker gets it automatically (because they get it all!) but we don't see any reason to not offer the adventure as an item for add-on (once again we need to update that graphic picture in the kickstarter to include the new items) we don't want any backers to miss out on anything either! :) thanks for your support! :)
well if i can get "emperor" as one of the 2 choices, then i probably would pledge $95, if i can somehow get that much in 21-22 days. i guess i'd just need chris to give me the okay for getting emperor as one of my 2 choices...
@rad -:)
@realm master k thank you so much!!! it is very very much appreciated!!!
@realm nice so mini sg by tomorrow then?
@chris - we just featured secrets of the lost tomb on an update to the awesome list members, so we should see a jump in pledges and backers. it hit over 1000 inboxes. with any luck that should open a few more stretch goals!!
@rad we're certainly working on stories and novels etc.... that we would love to go with the game as a companion but we want to make sure that they're really done right!  an art book is a good idea which i will certainly look into for sure....  another thing we're looking into is getting a blog together to create a community for our gamers to talk and be creative... we are discussing working on a blog where people can discuss adventure scripts etc.. and different adventures that they'd love to see.... potentially do adventure script polls/contests user created or co-created content etc... (not on kickstarter but on the everythingepicgames.com website) that sort of thing.... if you have any other ideas or if anyone has any cool ideas pleas feel free to comment or message me... we are always open to hear anything from backers! :)
@chris no problem you can also added something digital like ma, for example story book, art book or soundtrack/music etc. some people dont like it if u charge them for pdfs or soundtrack as add ons but some of us dont really mind since i see it as paying for ip. it does help with getting more pledge and game immersion.
@michelle its more efficient if u pledge on eb tomb raider $95 you get most adventurous+ zombie + 2 packs (1 of it can be high emperor). for explorer pledge $80 you get most adventourous + 1 pack (either zombie or high emperor) and need to spend another $20 to get the other pack, so in total u spend $100 for 1 pack less compared to eb tomb raider $95
@rad ahh! i understand now!!! :) i will look into this and see if there's anything that we could add to the add-ons like that... we are trying to be very conscious about not creating production delays and slowing down the project because of a fluff add-on... that's why i'm being very careful so that everything we manufacture and create can be made easily in the same place... that's one reason that the t-shirts add-on is us to help create no issues with manufacture and shipping more than one package... however! i will definitely consider what you're saying and see if i can come up with anything that would be appropriate and bring value to the backers! thanks so much!!! :)
@chris sorry i wasnt too clear, i didnt mean the vault of perseus content, i mean something like the t-shirt, its an add on that u can get by pledging more $ but not included in any of the pledge levels. since im already at glory seeker i already get everything except the t-shirt but i cant get those since im not in us thus i was thinking perhaps u can add something that the glory seeker can add like dice bag, card sleeves or something that didnt impact game play (fluff) so we glory seeker can contribute more for the project. btw adding dice (its there already) and perhaps the blank templates (available as sg already) as add ons will help too.
only a few hundred bucks away from alligator macphee! let's get him on this adventure!!!
@michelle i certainly hear you... and yes we are definitely doing our best to get up there on the level of arkham and other great games for sure! we don't have that many kickstarter exclusives.. however i've noticed that there are a lot of people who really do love kickstarter exclusives that really get folks excited about backing a game... the thing is...  kickstarter is all about getting us started.... we are not a big box company like wizards of the coast or fantasy flight games or flying frog games , or steve jackson games... we're new and independent and we strive to have the same quality if not better and we are doing our best to get to make our games epic! kickstarter is here to help us get to that moment... to build this company to create an amazing game.. if people don't help pledge on kickstarter... we wont be able to print and create lots of copies of the game.... the less pledges... the less we can make and manufacture.... the only backing we have is you... you backers are what make us able to create... able to be creative... able to give the world a new board game... an epic game for people to love... if everyone waits till later to back us... there's going to be issues trying to find the game at your local store because the first print run will not be large enough to get a game to all of our fans! that's why we have to create kickstarter exclusives... we need to say thank you to our kickstarter backers... to those who helped us truly get this made and out there for all to enjoy... you're not just buying a game ... you're helping us make everything epic games... our dream... your reality! :)
here's my thinking; this seams like it's going to be among the level of epicness as runebound and arkham horror. those games i've spent hundreds on buying addons over the years. so i have no problem getting them later. if drakkus will later become a purchaseable add-on then i'm more than happy to hand out $80, and just get zombie as my pack of choice. i've just always felt like it was poor sport to have some really nice addons that were out of everyone's reach. last game i backed was "boss monster" and the only pledges over $50 (i understand a card game is cheaper than a tile/board game, mind you) were early release, or extra freebies. the base game was $30, so 60% more than required got you everything that wasn't later offered. with this base being $60, in my opinion anything more than $120 for "non-purchasable" later offers doesn't seam fair. i'm not talking like "your own character" or "your own dungeon" style things, just expansions, or other ways to play the game type things. i dunno if that makes sense, or just seams like i'm complaining... anyways i think i'm gonna sell some stuff i don't need any more so that i can get that $80. :p
@michelle drakkus will most likely be available in an add-on later, we were unable to adjust the graphic yet.... the most adventurous gamer comes included at the adventurer level and above... (which is base game) so most of it you'll be able to get later.. the ks exclusives are all a-part of the add-ons if you'd like to buy them al a carte' they're just a better value if you buy them in a specific pledge level pack. thanks for the questions! hope that helps!
oh... okay so you can't get all the exclusives unless you do "the glory seeker" as high emperor is part of vault. well that's a nice how-do-you-do.
wait, the $95/100 goal is the first with zombie. that'd give me 2 packs, which granted gives me an extra that isn't a limited time only offer, but still....
so then to get zombie, most adventurous, and high emperor, the kick starter exclusives, all i'd need to do is pledge $80? that auto gives most adventurous and zombie, and i'd just choose high emperor as my pack of choice? i mean i'll gladly buy the others down the road, that is...
@rad  yes indeed... the vault of perseus still has room to stretch! you see a couple empty spots but we are planning on filling those spots plus adding more spots ... once again... this is all dependent on the growth of the project overall! :)  but we have a few ideas for sure !  if you have anything you'd love to see... definitely let me know! thanks!!!
@chris is there any plan to have additional fluff add ons for glory seeker (which already includes all gaming related packs), like dice bag, extra mini (when theyre unlocked), plastic tokens etc?
@sully thanks for the support!!!
@rad thanks for the help..... @michelle   you can add things on during the campaign and even at the end... after jan 7th you will have some time to still add things on... not a long long time but some time to answer the surveys and get any add ons you'd like... after kickstarter down the line most of the items will be available except the ks exclusives.   thanks!
zombie pack also exclusive xp
@michelle ks exclusive would be currently 'most adventurous gamers in the world' and 'high emperor drakkus'
@michelle all with 'ks exclusive' shouldnt be available later on
i have a question: are all the add-ons going to be available later? i'd love to get pretty much every add on you have, but only have a limited amount of funds available due to the holiday season. i wanna at least hit "the adventurer" but if i'm reading it correctly, unless you hit $235 or higher there are several things you can miss out on... which is about 4 times what i have to spare at this moment. however i'd be more than happy to get several add ons at a time as the months progress...
@kraven  drakkus will definitely be an add-on...  we still have to update the add on menu... thanks for the question! and thanks so much for the continued support and faith in us!!! ;)
@kraven  #2 i will review for you and see what i can do... (can't guarantee any change... the box is large and heavy... with lots of goodies!! )   its currently 25 shipping for the lower pledges and 40 shipping when you have all of the extras...
@kraven hey! we have not had the chance to update the add on graphic yet... but the fortune hunter is going to include the core character minis and you will be able to add on the other boss monster minis in wave packs which we are going to organize as they become unlocked so you'll be able to add on specific minis in wave packs  as they unlock...  the glory seeker comes with all minis...
any chance of drakkus exclusive as addon? alot of us cant afford the glory seeker but really dont want to miss out on an adventure pack forever
so as a fortune hunter level and we hit stretch goals, do i get the minis included for each adventure pack? or gotta pay extra? please review shipping to canada. $40 is very high. can understand other countries but canada and mexico shipping should be way less. its almost a deal breaker for me and my canadian buds.
only just noticed (following takapa's comment below) the small print about the $100k boss minis relating to glory seeker level- suggest the word "only" is added to avoid disappointment.   personally i'm not fussed about minis, but if it it's what people want, we'll all benefit in some way- overall i think the new accelerated stretch structure is epic- chris & co i salute you!
nice to see that all pledges are close to the character miniatures now. and i hope that seeing all these "included in glory seeker pledge level" starting from 100k will be a good motivation to upgrade some pledges ! how is it possible not to join the eternal order of perseus now ;)
@terry  yes i did see that.... i will go and look at journeys and research that more in depth and see if it's something that's possible for us!  i will let you know if i figure something out that is a fit for us! :) thanks alot for the suggestions!
@grouik thanks for you're excellent support!!! :)
@maken x   i am trying to find out the information and manufacturing best practices that i could get a painted mini option added in as a additional add-on... i'm still waiting on this info :( ... i really want to do a premium mini version... it's just very expensive to do.... so i am working on it the best i can for sure... as a cool option. (but i can not guarantee it now until i find the proper information on it! as soon as i know.. i will let you guys know for sure!!!)
@donald thanks for your support!!! :) glad you're enjoying!!!
when i backed journey: wrath of demons they had some sort of promo such as limited time free offer , if you pledged before the certain date, you can set certain minis for free. after that period, it's the paid add-on. maybe you can do that to, people usually spend all the money before christmas, so you can create some freebies that is unique and set deadline to 25th december. here is the example from that game they called early supporters: xi fung as a free gift to some backers that pledged before 28 october, 21:30 edt. second time limited gift: backers that pledge before monday 18, nov 4:00pm est may get a free gift.
great update! :) i want minis! :p
glad to hear you are looking into the options of painted minis. hope you'll have some good news soon. and please keep painted minis as options, just in case there are backers who like to dip minis into paint cans, just like oreo and mike.
great changes to the schedule and format of the front page. looking forward to the stretch goals now.
@glen thanks...  you backers are awesome!!!
you guys are awesome.
@greatlich  thank you! we're doing the best can and we will continue to do so for our amazing backers!
i love the new stretch goal chart!  thanks for considering backers input!  this will certainly keep the ball rolling much better!
thanks very much kevin!!
posted a news thread under sotlt on bgg talking up the new stretch rewards and levels.
@kevin thanks so much for the support!  we can't do this without you amazing backers! please spread the word!!! ;)
it's amazing how much you listen to the backers and how hard you're all working to make this game as great as possible.  thank you!
@sean thanks so much! we've been working our tomb- butts off to make this real... and make this happen
@maken lol...  im working on it... give me a little time ;)  i'll let you know as soon as i can
will there be options to get the mini painted out-right?
i have to say, i was very happy with the game the way it was already presented. this update blew me away! i can't believe how much extra value has been added to the game at much lower stretch goals. i can't think of any reason for someone not to back this now.
huge updated posted! let me know what you backers think!!!! :)
wish shipping was bit smaller for us canadians. awful steep
@terry... (a little secret...  i've been working on getting the stretch goals lower all this past week...) been trying to find any way to get these miniatures asap by finding smart ways to get the pricing down to be able to make at least some of the miniatures in the game right off the bat... however... miniatures start up costs can be very high :(
i think we need to make sg more easy to encourage more people pledge especially minis...lots people care about it, 250k for minis scared people away
@chris yea i like the new front page, i think it makes it more clearer especially regarding pledge level
hey all! i updated how the kickstarter itself is organized! let me know what you all think! thanks!!!
we're gonna keep on pushin'! we got some really awesome backers here so we have faith in you guys! keep having faith in us! we will make it happen for you all!
@kraven thanks!!! :)
i like the stretch goals set up personally. yer gonna hit 200k easy i bet
@ terry! thanks for pointing that out! yes indeed! sometimes during the holiday season people really have other priorities that they want to take care of first so they might get a bit shy... we hope that people will come on back to kickstarter once they've finished all of their holiday shopping! the christmas and holiday season are very hectic ones and very stressful ones for many people here in the us and around the world! we are very sensitive to that... and that's why we decided to run the 43 day campaign... this way it would give us time to get through the holidays and have a chance to keep pushing forward afterwards! :) thanks for the comment and for your continued support! keep sticking with us! we are doing lots of things here behind the scenes to make this game better and better! i hope to have some amazing announcements that will knock some peoples socks off next week if possible... you all just gotta stick with us and help spread the word the best you can!  let's keep the excitement going folks! i mean... after all... you're the best backers in the world!
looking at kicktraq we are going negatives these 2 days
@todd  hey! thanks for the comment!   you can only get down to the 2nd level... the 3rd level (and 4th in the expansion pack and medusa's meridian [the triangle tiles expansion] must be found by exploring!  the 1st and 2nd levels being open allows for lots of exploration options and gives the opportunities for more team work and ability to split up, if desired, to complete tasks and objectives in the game!
i see in the video you can immediately go down to lower levels.  it seems like it would be more adventurous to have to explore to find ways to the lower levels.  would that break the game if some house rule like that was used?
we're doing a game demo in ny city next week and also were partnering with a few game stores to continue to drive interest as well...  if anyone has any other suggestions were certainly open to any and all! ;)   we all have to keep in mind that it's christmas and holiday season... very distracting for many... so that's why we're running the campaign through the new year to january 7th... ;)
we are certainly doing our best to get the word out there... podcasts,  articles,  and the previews... its the middle of the campaign and we certainly want to drive new interest...  to get back up on the hotness chart on bgg would be great...  we need your support to help us get more traffic on bgg for comments and thumbs up...
hopefully the previews by tom vasel und undead viking will generate new interest, but at the moment it seems pretty much stuck. there needs to be more going on on bgg. since i love betrayal athoth this game seems very eintersting to me, but of course one needs to spread the word.... ;)
also to be honest it seems a little steep to have the next stretch goals each be 10k and only give me one new character. it doesn't seem like enough bang for my buck at all and doesn't motivate me to up my backing because i'm fine with where i sit right now. and 250k  for minis just seems unlikely right now seeing as how slow the momentum of the backing has gotten to lately. we got to 50 k in week one the added another 10 k week 2 and it seem we're heading for only another 5 k for week 3. just my opinion as i am new to kickstarter and idk if this is how it normally is here.
here's another article about sotlt just got published! check it out guys!  http://www.indiecardboard.com/secrets-of-the-lost-tomb
@kraven   haha! i guess i'm the opposite... that's why we're giving so much game content! lol...  #thegloryseeker glad you like the art interior etc... we got some more really cool stuff coming that we'll be revealing as it comes! stay tuned! :)
ya it aint bad. im just a minimalist :)
@kraven ... thanks very much!  the cover is a culmination of the entire essence of the fully immersive thematic experience. check out our website so you can see a larger version and let me know what you think! perhaps being able to see the small details larger you might see the direction we went in! :)  www.everythingepicgames.com let me know what u think! :)
for example avp miniatures box , arkham horror and lcg . a great desl of people buy based on first impression, the box art. interior art is great of course
love everything except the box art. feels cluttered. a darker feel would rule. a nice logo with dark background even. im an artist my trade so its first thing i noticed.
also just a neat suggestion... there's some interesting stuff going on in the bgg forums... i recommend checking it out! :) http://boardgamegeek.com/forums/thing/150484/secrets-of-the-lost-tomb
@backers: stick with us folks! we're working really hard with manufacturers, artists, and designers to try to get some hopefully huge news and awesome new content soon to help the project really grow! :) if anyone ever has any questions or issues or comments etc... suggestions... please i request for you to come to feel free to ask me anything at all! there is no question too big  or too small! i'm here for you ... the best backers in the world!
@donald absolutely sir! thanks a ton for the support for sure! we appreciate the feedback... because without feedback it's really hard to improve!!! we are going to seriously (tonight) upgrade how the pledge goals are laid out and hopefully really show people that the value is truly there... we just had a hard time showing it because we have so much content here on the kickstarter that it can become very overwhelming to many folks... we definitely are sorry if there is any confusion caused to anyone and we are going to do whatever we can to rectify this asap! once again.... thanks so much for the comments! we only want this project to get better and better!!!  --chris
wow, quite a timely response! i didn't mean i was pulling out because i like the game concept and have faith that it will only get better but i see the pledges and number of early bird glory seekers slowly declining. i think that this is the reason why. i hope for nothing but resounding success with this campaign. let's hope for the best.
@backers: if anyone has any feedback for us at all whatsoever please do not hesitate to let me know either in here in the comments or if you'd prefer the private message... i am very open to any feedback and really appreciate it! thank you so much for your help and support!
@donald: but thank you so much for bringing it all to my attention... because... without your help and support as a backer.. we wouldn't get this kind of feedback... and if you're having this issue... then other people are as well... so that means we need to reorganize the kickstarter pledge levels so that people can understand them more easily and see the proper value that they should see... so i thank you for your honesty and for your very sincere assistance! thank you so much! :) im going to get on this right away!
@donald  please see the price comparison chart and then add on the vault of perseus stuff that's not included on that... even before the miniatures it's a great deal  $132 dollar savings not including the 2 bonus adventure packs!!!  http://www.everythingepicgames.com/sotlt-kickstarter.html
@donald: i thank you for your patience and understanding here during our first kickstarter campaign and for sticking with us! please have faith that we are trying to give you some really amazing content for the best deals possible...
@donald and we are still adding stuff throughout the campaign for that package which will add to more stuff!
@donald and 1 full set of extra dice 8 (eight) dice (the picture has 3 which we will have to fix... for clarity)
@donald the glory seeker level literally comes with everything in the game... if you take miniatures out of your mind for a few mins... and take a quick look at all the other things that come with it... you'll see the value:   glory seeker:  every adventure pack ... every tile pack that's the extended tile pack 20 tiles, and the trap tile pack 10 tiles, and everything in the vault of perseus:  the tomb expansion packs atlantis +15 tiles and the meridian of medusa +13 tiles  and the special adventure set in the vault of perseus "the emporer drakkus" and the high seas adventure pack ...
@donald... thanks for your comment! sorry if you're confused about the pledge levels... let me try to explain...
the pledge total is shrinking. i think part of the problem is that there is not enough to differentiate the fortune hunter level fro the glory seeker level. a few extra tiles, 3 dice and one adventure script does not seem worthy of the extra $100. i'll wait another couple of weeks to see but putting the minis in the glory seeker level picture and making them a $250k stretch goal was a bit pre-mature.
yeah i like tom vasel he got almost the same taste as mine so i trust his opinion
so... im hoping in the next couple days we should be "in business" with cool new videos!
@rad  tom vasel and lance (undead viking) said end of this week they should have em... i've been in contact with both (they've got the cool prototypes so the videos should be in order asap!)
any eta on the game preview vids? xp
alligator macphee has an awesome ability to manipulate audacity... very cool stuff!!!
@holly yes indeed! let's keep on pushing! ;)
we're so close to alligator mcphee.  come on guys let's hustle, we can do it.  lol.
thanks!
@arto: the answer right now is yes! i am working with backerkit right now to figure out all of the in's and out's of it and the capabilities so i'll be able to tell you more very soon... but yes... backers will be able to add-on after the campaign :) note: keep in mind that the more backers we get during the campaign the higher the stretch goals we obtain will be! :)
@ eeg - chris - thank you, i didnt know about the extra $15 for shipping (it makes sense) so, only one question left. can we upgrade our pledge level & add add-ons after the project has ended?(in the survey / pledge manager)
and hurray for eu-friendly project! good idea to indicate it right on the front page! i am soo looking forward to undead viking's video!
@karsten thanks for your comment and for your help! :) much appreciated!
@arto... cool snow man avatar by the way lol! (we have snow here right now in new jersey usa)
@arto thanks so much for your question! this was indeed unclear and i apologize... there is an additional 15 dollar charge for add-ons for international backers depending on how much you decide to add on. i have tried to make this clearer in the body of the kickstarter. the box size of the core game is very large and heavy... every little additional add-on, core game, miniatures... items... each thing adds more weight and size to the box! we apologize for the shipping costs. we were able to get them as low as they are because of international fulfillment ... otherwise shipping for just the core game from the usa is 65 dollars +vat in eu and other fees in other countries... yeah.... it's crazy.... thanks so much for for giving me the opportunity to clear this question up! we really appreciate your support!  :) if you have any more questions don't hesitate to ask!!! -chris
@arto: by my math, fh eb is $10 cheaper than what you calculated. unless you hint at the cheaper international shipping on tomb raider level. this is indeed the question (unless shpping won't be increased to $40 once you add addons to your tomb raider).
i have to ask this...as backer from eu   why should i pledge @ fortune hunter eb, when i can get the same things cheaper with tomb raider eb + 60usd (2 adventure pack + outdoor tile pack) or am i missing something????
@craig! absolutely! never hesitate to ask anything! we really appreciate that you're here with us on our adventure! :) thanks so much for your support!
@creator thanks for the extensive reply to my questions...i really appreciate when game creators do that.  again thnaks.
don't forget there's always the possibility to use house rules when playing table games. it's easily done to suit your style. but i do like to see what people are thinking. may start collecting good ones and use them as house rules if i feel like to. :d
@kevin thanks so much for being a part of our adventure! :)
very impressed with all the support for the project. you guys (we) are amazing. i'm already dying waiting for this guy to fund.... at which point i'll be dying for it to ship. :)
backers, wanted to thank you for all of the positive feedback we have received on the tutorial video and the resulting coments. in just under 2 days, the video has been viewed over 400 times! very humbled by all of your participation in making this dream become a reality!
@sully  thanks so much! it's posted!!! see below!
@craig: very cool and interesting ideas for sure... only issues i'd foresee are more time added into the game and more complexity of gameplay... one of our goals is not to dumb down the game... however, we still want it to be easy enough to learn so that all gamers can enjoy... i do like, and have definitely been thinking about the idea of sacrificing dice and sacrificing attribute bonus tokens for dice re-rolls... however, there's always the major possibility of complicating the game and creating issues and other faq problems where the understanding of mechanics becomes unclear. so, my job, is to find the happy balance between both... which i feel as though we've attained! but i am never opposed to any suggestions !!! :) so thanks so much and keep brainstorming! the thread is on bgg right here: http://boardgamegeek.com/article/14217057#14217057  thanks!
@chris "i am going to open a boardgamegeek.com forum about game mechanics and balancing!" - good idea, bgg threads should make discussion of specific mechanics easier to follow, rather than have dialogue mixed in with other ks comments...hopefully everyone has access, as there are many interesting points being made here.   also would increase content and activity on bgg and help raise the game's profile.   there are some mechanics questions already posted there for you.
+1 for craig's interesting ideas on rolls.
a yahtzee style check roll would be interesting.  it would add a challenge to the roll, introduce tactics and strategy to the roll and provide a game within a game aspect.  it would also offer a range of opportunities to change characteristics, that would add interest to that part of the game...though it would take more time. sacrifice one die to re-roll the remainder, or sacrifice a token to re-roll all die. a single 5 and/or 6 fails the check, but no really bad consequences...room not explored, item destroyed from top of item deck, etc. a pair 5 or pair 6 required to just pass a check. three of a kind 5 or 6 passes the check with a once off bonus die buff. four of a kind passes the check and permanently increases a specific attribute full house passes the check and receives an increases an attribute for a number of turns short straight with pair 5/6 passes check and receives a heal/bonus health long straight fails check but increases a a heal/bonus health five of a kind permanently and temporarily increases multiple attributes
@sully: great point! absolutely.... it has it can certainly be challenging (all depending on how the tests are created) and has definitely been playtested! :)
@craig #5  lastly, and once again, thanks for bringing this subject up... because it's honestly great to get a chance to talk about these balancing mechanics!!! thanks :) commenting on customizability of difficulty level: the scenarios have 2 sides and the objectives have 2 sides... hard and normal... the longer you are in the tomb and the more you have to explore and discover... the more chance of running into a trap or huge monsters! the harder the difficulty the more probability you'll have of getting killed or fleeing the tomb. it also becomes much harder to complete the objectives in the game before the comet track is completed! :) please let me know if you have any more questions about this topic! i am going to open a boardgamegeek.com forum about game mechanics and balancing! :)  thanks so much craig!  -chris
@craig #4 in the video, it shows the player actually using more than 1 audacity to pass that particular roll... see video " 19:10 "yes, they were able to gain more successes... however it took 2 audacity and then was able to gain 3 successes out of 5 dice... which was great! but it still took 2 audacity and the game was certainly not over. also, he's rolling 5 dice and he's a combat oriented character which definitely helps... keep in mind, we're playing the normal mode of the game with 6 players and we're showing examples of combat and such... continued...
@craig #3 audacity: "audacity" is an attribute-like stat that every character starts the game with x number of audacity points.. these can be spent to re-roll all of the dice (not just 1 die or specific dice) but all... therefore, the probability of passing and failing any given roll is equal... the audacity just gives you another chance. audacity also can be used to up the percentage chance you have to pass! this can be prior to rolling to allow success on a 4,5,or 6 for the remainder of that particular challenge. this is a great way to use audacity. however, keep in mind... audacity is limited and each time you use it, it is gone. audacity can be "found" in the game as a reward... however it is generally not replenished by resting or anything like that...  continued...
@craig #2 more about attribute rolls for story and exploration: sometimes certain challenges will require you to roll more than 1 pass.... such as 2 passes for a specific test... this makes that test more challenging.... there are ways in the game to gain and lose attribute scores as well... with the use of items, artifacts, doing adventures and misadventures (story cards), exploration... this is all in the game and helps characters build up as they progress through the game... however, these are not guaranteed...  continued...
@craig: hey! thanks for the comment! let's go through this a bit...so... when rolling for an attribute test (i.e. strength, dexterity, knowledge, and faith) you roll dice = the number of attribute. the highest any core set characters start with is a 5 on any given attribute... and some have certain attributes, lowest can be a 1. just like in real life, there are people who are very skilled and talented physically... and some very talented mentally... as so it is in secrets of the lost tomb: most of the time, characters rolling for attributes will be rolling an average of 2-3 dice for an exploration roll or for a story card roll... continued...
re craig's point- rolling 1d6 per attribute point, succeeding on a 5 or 6 is a common game mechanism.   the balancing factor is how many such d6 successes are required to pass a particular test/check/challenge/whatever.   i assume this has all been tuned in playtesting.
@everything epic i also though the rolls in the video seemed to overly favour the human players. you said "that's only a 33% chance per die" in fact, for 2 die, the total combinations is 36 (6 by 6). the total combinations which only include 1 thru 4 is 16 (4 by 4). so there is in fact a 55% likelihood that the player roll will succeed. with three dice, this increases to 70% (216 total outcomes versus 64 outcomes that do not include a 5 or 6) for 4 die this is 80% and 5 die 87%. and 6 die 91% this appears to be a significant imbalance in the game, because in most rolls a player will buff up with an extra die, meaning in most rolls the player will have an 80% or better chance of success. if the player opts to re-roll the chance of success will approach 100%. to me this is a real weakness in the game mechanic, because it essentially makes the game procedural to an inevitable player victory, without in reality challenging the players at any time.
@arto you've pledged for the adventure of a lifetime!!! :) thanks for joining us on this expedition!
@grouik oh! i get it! cool ... we should play it on bgg! :)
@arto u pledged for a boardgame
okay...im in....now, what have i pledged for this time??? ;o)
@eeg : no you do a montage phot like you already do : http://www.boardgamegeek.com/image/1860162/secrets-of-the-lost-tomb for example and the question is : "what has happened?". the answer is (this one is simple) that libby has entered the room adn successfully passed the labor of hercules test. on this one http://www.boardgamegeek.com/image/1859963/secrets-of-the-lost-tomb you could ask : "what happens to mickey and the olmec head after he rolled this result?" etc... :)
@catlion  i am waiting to test one out... the gripmat folks are sending one over... yes... about shipping we are working with amazon fulfillment or an equivalent fulfillment shipper... so our shipping and vat will help you out and be eu friendly :)
@grouik you mean like a video game ???
@kevin: thanks! lol... i thought you guys would get a kick out of it! :p
just looked up the gripmat-ks... yes it would be fantastic if you offered that as an add-on, it would save me a lot of shipping costs the germany. money that i could invest in more nerd-related stuff :p
yes so happy to see this video! :) you know eeg you could make a game with images? like your montages on bgg : what did the character do or what will happen? in one image you have a dice roll, the character card, one equipment (optional) and either a room and/or a monster. coudl be very fun! ^^
loved the cliffhanger ending to the video.  priceless!
@greatlich , @steve thank you very much ; )
very nice gameplay video !  thanks a lot.
game play looks great and seems to play well. don't really see the need for grip mat or interlocking tiles.  can't wait to get into the tomb!
@kevin  thanks so much for sharing! every share helps the project grow!
@joseph yes indeed... interlocking is not needed for play... however... in games like wrath of ashardalon... its nice to be able to move the tiles to adjust the game and also to be able to keep the tomb together when the table is jarred! ;)  thanks for the comments!!!  we appreciate your support sir!!!
@jason don't worry about the minis delaying anything :)  that won't be a problem... let's hit that stretch goal!!! however once again, gripmats would be out of my control.  interlocking tiles and overall game products are in our control.  thanks for the comments!!!
i agree with joseph alden-sawtelle that regular square tiles, like those shown in the game play video, are fine. they are slightly easier to store and shuffle. if a gripmat would delay delivery i would be against the addition. i am already worried that adding minis will delay delivery of the game.
not to discount the opinions of others, but i have played numerous tile laying games with regular old square tiles (carcassonne and betrayal at house on the hill come to mind as prominent examples) and they work fine.  interlocking tiles are nice but if the shapes tessellate (are of a uniform polygonal shape and fit together with no gaps) i don't see a particular need.
shared the game play tutorial video link on facebook.
@gripmat lovers: also...please keep in mind that the gripmat is a specific size or use more than 1 gripmat... we are most likely doing interlocking tiles "like puzzle pieces" so that the tiles won't go ajar during play but connected pieces can be easily adjusted! keep in mind that there would really not be much of a use for gripmat when we go with interlocking tiles... it might actually hinder the adjustment of the tomb according to its growth and it's customizability.  i will keep you all informed as to any new developments! :) thanks again for your help and suggestions! we can't do this without you! :)
@gripmat lovers: i am talking to the gripmat folks and i'll be playtesting one this upcoming week... however, please keep in mind... everything epic games does not make the gripmat... so because of that, we can't guarantee anything about the gripmat ... so for the time being please do not expect a gripmat or anything about getting a gripmat as an add-on or anything.... i don't want anyone to get the wrong idea or to be let down or disappointed! we at everything epic games can only control the quality, the shipping, the production and manufacturing of things we make. since this is our first game on kickstarter... we want everything to be perfect and of the highest quality and we want to be able to put our name behind what we do... :) thanks so much everyone for your amazing support!!!
gripmat: will you offer a gripmat as addon fro the game? as i understand it, the gripmat ks does not offer any eu-shipping so it would be an excellent way of obtaining one for us eu-backers. plus, it would be extremely useful for the game since you can do without interlocking tiles (whose drawbacks have been mentioned before).
@nancy  yes indeed... most will be available at the regular retail prices later (no zombie apocalypse or other kickstarter exclusives that might come up)  thanks for your comment!!!
forgive me if this has been answered earlier, will the adventure packs be available after the campaign. i can not afford to up my pledge to obtain them now, but most certainly would like to pick them up later as my game group gets further into the game.
thanks for your responses, much appreciated
now the question is: gripmat or locks? i vote for gripmat as it's multipurpose. but that's just what i desired. :d
@takapa thanks so much! glad you enjoyed it!!! :)
excellent video. special mention to the fact that the video is easy to follow (because of the clear and slow pronunciation of chris and the presence of many texts) even for someone like me who doesn't easily understand spoken english.
glad you all enjoyed the video and are even more excited about the game. keep sending in those great suggestions and posting to all the new content on bgg.
thanks for the clarification!
@stefan: indeed! i definitely understand... we certainly discussed this point and we came to the conclusion that the video would become 2 hours long to really give you a full game with explanation ... which is something we might consider once the game is released for a full all out tutorial... for now this is a gameplay video ... a sampling of what the game is like...  however if you'd like to discuss cooperative strategies... i'm happy to create a forum on the boardgamegeek.com page and discuss there! q&a :) i'll go make that forum now!
video looks great! still, would like to see more decision making, interacting with the group, for a cooperative game. the first rounds were: okay, i do this, draw a card and have to roll a 5 or 6. i do the same. me too. (okay, overly simplistic, just trying to make a point.) maybe you could focus a little bit about cooperative strategies anytime soon? really love the setting and the artwork you guys did and i would really love to see a little more "depths" to the game.
good video, the game has some interesting mechanics. it does, however, look to be a bit easy - you appear to get bonuses everywhere. plus, when you stay together, it looks quite easy to kill bigger monsters, since you get +1 die for every character in the room. shouldn't there be a maximum for this (say +2?)? @ karsten spreen:  hey! my players sometimes make things look easy.. however, the dice loved them!  :p  keep in mind one huge thing... you only succeed on a 5 or a 6 ... that's only a 33% chance per die... the max bonus die is +3 for allies... and you only get this bonus if you "outnumber the monsters in the room" this bonus is given when the players are more than monsters in the room... therefore if it's 3 allies vs 2 monsters, the players only get +1... also they were playing the "normal side" of the starter scenario... also, there's the comet track which if the objectives are not complete by the time the comet track is finished... the players would have had an early visit by rhaz azul...  so basically... there are a lot of factors to consider... and lots of customizability ... they were playing 6 players ... so for more of a challenge... you may want to do the hard side of the scenario and normal objectives... or vice versa.. etc... there are lots of options when ramping difficulty for players in the tomb!
few questions which may have been asked before so apologies: 1) what does eop member mean in the pledge descriptions? 2) is this going to be distributed eu to eu for us euros to avoid customs/vat costs etc 3) what sort of age appropriateness for the game to be able to play with my kids - both from a complexity and scariness perspective thanks muchly @barry morgan  1)  the eternal order of perseus is the society all of the characters are in... and also the section of the rulebook that the backers will be under if they supported us adventurer level and above 2) i am corresponding with amazon fulfillment and getting that answer... but from what i've seen on other kickstarters, yes ... vat is knocked off for the eu and you wont have to worry about it because we pay that cost. our full intention is to be using amazon fulfillment! 3)we have "age 13 and up" on the box... however... think of indiana jones, tomb raider, and the mummy... think about if your kids find those too scary and that should give you a good gauge... about complexity... the reading level is moderate ...so very young children might need an adult or a bit of an older student to read the cards and help with the scenario.  however, this game is an excellent reading practice tool for reluctant readers! :)
"nice video. explains quite a bit about the game. after watching i'm still not sure how movement works. the video showed three clumps of tiles not connected. was this to represent levels or was it done to facilitate player reach at the table?" scott sinelli:  hey! movement is quite simple! basically the character sheet has a movement number for each character and for 1 action, you may move up to that many movement. each tile costs 1 movement. when you explore a new tile, find a new room and draw one from the tile stack, this stops your movement for that turn. the exploration action is a part of movement in a sense where you're only spending 1 action to move and explore... however, if you have lots of movement and you move only 1 through a new door... you don't get the remaining movement points... your movement stops. :) thanks for the comment. hope that helps!
@maken x: yes indeed ... you will need some space for this game... sometimes depending on how far you decide to explore you'll open up alot of rooms etc... of course when you play with less players, it takes up a bit less space. this video shows a full game for your enjoyment! :)
@sully :  the video is up there! feel free to comment there and i will respond to you over there if you'd prefer! :) and i'm happy to hear any and all suggestions which i will sincerely take into real consideration! thanks so much! i agree that small rule ideas could potentially help and as i've said before... i can't do this without you guys! so thanks so much and thanks for the comment!
"1 question about the courage : you said that adventurers regain help the courage of the monster correct? i thought the terra cota had 2 so this would be 1 courage only no?  1 remark : for visibility reasons around the table monsters should be double sided. just take the one on the bottom of the deck so that you do not know what you get." @grouik:  question:yes: if a monster has a 2 courage you would only gain +1 back... in video i used an odd number to explain the idea and concept of "rounding up" ;) sorry if it confused you a little... i wanted to show the rounding up idea and concept. remark: that is an excellent observation and i honestly will take that into consideration! we haven't found really any issues with the back and just passing the monster around... however.. we could certainly draw from the bottom of the monsters just like the story card deck :) thanks for your comments!
@barry: #2: quoted from the faq on the main page: "are you shipping from within the eu and from within other international countries? yes! shipping to you from within the eu and other countries! we are working with amazon fulfillment to get these games to you from a much closer distance to your home country! trying everything possible to keep shipping prices down for you! " otherwise i wouldn't be here ;-)
good video, the game has some interesting mechanics. it does, however, look to be a bit easy - you appear to get bonuses everywhere. plus, when you stay together, it looks quite easy to kill bigger monsters, since you get +1 die for every character in the room. shouldn't there be a maximum for this (say +2?)?
few questions which may have been asked before so apologies: 1) what does eop member mean in the pledge descriptions? 2) is this going to be distributed eu to eu for us euros to avoid customs/vat costs etc 3)  what sort of age appropriateness for the game to be able to play with my kids - both from a complexity and scariness perspective thanks muchly
nice video. explains quite a bit about the game. after watching i'm still not sure how movement works. the video showed three clumps of tiles not connected. was this  to represent levels or was it done to facilitate player reach at the table?
it seems the 3 levels setup contributes quite a lot of space. great video btw.
just to balance my previous comment about risk of late change- interesting rules suggestions such as @alvaro's, that don't require component changes, might still be easily played as house rules, which, over time (through discussion on bgg etc) could easily be incorporated as official optional/advanced rules- to be posted on the eeg site and perhaps by printing a single-page sheet for inclusion in the box on later runs?
excellent work on the video and playthrough, it's entertaining and informative- and substantially confirms my hopes for how the game plays.    we should soon see it boost the rate of pledging and accelerate progress towards the stretch goals.   i've a few questions and comments on the rules etc which may be resolved by watching it again (can't do that yet as currently in doghouse for sitting through breakfast watching it with earphones on- couldn't wait!)- if not, i'll post on bgg once the vid is up there, as probably better managed as individual categorised bgg threads rather than the single ks comments page.   i'm sure the vid will prompt many interesting suggestions and hope that everyone is realistic about the necessity and potential adverse impact of change at this late stage of the development cycle (presumably design and testing pretty much complete and printing and other physical production lead times looming).
noooooo its a cliffhanger xp
great video and great work guys! :) 1 question about the courage : you said that adventurers regain help the courage of the monster correct? i thought the terra cota had 2 so this would be 1 courage only no? 1 remark : for visibility reasons around the table monsters should be double sided. just take the one on the bottom of the deck so that you do not know what you get.
@alvaro  very interesting observation... very glad you enjoyed! :)  we created the rules in this way to keep gameplay streamlined as well as moving along in a quick manner ... i definitely see your point for sure and i will take it into consideration and i definitely understand what you're saying about monsters attacking and moving towards specific or "random" players... but my justification is: because it's a cooperative game: the players will scream and yell, taunt and attack the monster that they want to be able to defend other players... this is a way to give the players a bit more freedom while ultimately helping to streamline gameplay for players overall... each added dice roll, even though it seems quick and easy... believe it or not... adds time and more mechanics to the game! however! in regard to competitive mode: that's where what you're saying comes into play! monster's definitely will be moving toward weaker and sometimes random opponents!   this is because the other players are not helping that player and therefore the monster's have more of a mind of their own! ;) wonderful points sir! i appreciate your support and kind words! thanks so much! we can't do this without you!
also something similar for monsters when deciding where to move it if all players are scattered . everyone rolls and the person with the lowest roll is the one who the monster goes after .
it was great, looks really fun to play and i love how everyone is working together . makes the game more fun. about combat though, i think if a monster is in a room with more than one player it should automatically target the weakest player and if another in that room wants to "jump" in instead to help their buddy ,they roll a dice  and see if they are fast enough or something to intervene and fight it instead. i don't think the players should decide who the monster attacks because ..lets be honest.. if you see your buddy has 1 hp left and has -9 courage nobodies gonna have the monster attack him...but if u add this dice rolling mechanic, it will make for an exciting "i'd jump in front of a bullet for you" scenario where friends can have the opportunity to help each other. just my two cents though.
yes indeed! hope you enjoy! :)
finally !!
it's here!!! uploaded and ready!!! enjoy! http://www.youtube.com/watch…
please ..i just want to see this game !@!!!
video update - its done!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! just waiting for chris to review prior to posting. hope you enjoy.
"stretch goal unlocked"  you guys are awesome!!!
ya gotta love 13 don't ya?
lucky 13!!!
judas! rofl!
@chris : yes i see that! :)
oh no!! 13 pieces of silver are missing! who is the traitor? ^^
@grouik indeed! he's a workhorse! we're not a huge team... but we're a good one! :)
if you do not sleep soon ninjace you will end up uploading a video about a cat rather then the game demo video! ;) many thanks for your hard work! :)
video is in final render. worked 36hrs straight to try to get you the best quality demo. provided there are no issues when i review the final copy... your demo will be posted very soon
hey kevin! i added the backer badges to the bottom of the main page... also guys.. i created some neat .gif files for bgg for secrets of the lost tomb... if anyone wants one.. feel free to email me directly and i'll email you the 3 gifs i created :)  secret societies, character montage, the tomb, and secrets of the lost tombs symbol ...  chris@everythingepicgames.com :)
another good way to spread the word about the game.
you can also use the badge as your avatar on boardgamegeek.
@brio : sorry about that! i will add them into the main front page asap!  thanks!
thanks, normally they are on the front page as well.
@brio check update #6... they are in there!!! thanks so much for your support!!!
@brio hey.. yes we made backer badges... they are in the updates... ill tell you which one
@chris - any plans on making some backer badges, so all can see our support?
so close so close
@kevin thanks so much for the awesome support!!! we can't do this without you!!!  so glad we're almost at the next stretch!!!!
just bumped up from adventurer to fortune hunter.  i just couldn't resist all of that extra cool stuff.  we're now less than $200 from the next stretch reward.
less then 500 drachm needed! :)
golum keas the ring is this way! please drop the shiny vase! look the ring is in this bright red room, trust me... :p
almost to "the grail", issss sooo purdy, i wantssss it. to golem???
less then a thousand doubloons and we have a new stretch goal! :)
:))) seriously i thought there was a 48h hours validation on bgg for videos no? :[
@grouik lol...
thanks ninjace! should be okay by tuesday on bgg then! great job! :)
pulled an all-nighter putting the finishing touches on the video. nearly finished. thanks for your support and patience. just 9 more mins to edit, then just have to wait for rendering and posting. your wait is almost over!
@alvaro absolutely!!!!  thanks so much! we certainly don't want you to rate the game unless you're sure about what you want to rate it!!! ;)  no pressure on any of it... we appreciate all of your help so much! thank you!
thanks for the hard work ninjace!!!
the only thing i haven't done for you guys on bgg is the rating but i would rather be honest about that because that will influence people on the game so i want to tell you ill hold back my rating until at least the game play video comes out so i can be as honest as possible . i believe credibility will help you guy a lot.
by the way, i came up for air and saw that we are now only 1400 away from the next stretch goal. nice job team!
video update - as promised keeping you all informed. the base video is now complete and rendering. once its done, i will be working though the night to put on the finishing touches, then render the final video, hopefully in time for you to watch while eating your favorite sat morning breakfast :)
lol igor... :p
very nice review! :) igor says : "count dracula is as blind as a bat so he got lost! ^^"
lol... that wasn't rhaz azul... hey.... count dracula ... who let you into the tomb?!!?
check out this new article on  http://www.deskovehry.com/ in english and in czech    http://www.deskovehry.com/s-pribehem/1382/support-secrets-of-the-lost-tomb-on-kickstarter-a-cinematic-pulp-adventure/en
@ rhaz : stop your forgetfulness, the sun destroys yoooooooooouuuuuuuuuu... *phroutsch!!*.. too late... alas poor pharaoh who only wanted to rule the world (like a b movie cliché bad guy!^^).
@grouik ... * and the sandals were clean as if they were never touched by the blood of a mortal... and rhaz azul walked with conviction through the hall of pharaohs towards the exit of the tomb.... to challenge humanity and enslave all mankind.... "  ;)
@grouik  have no fear!  eeg is here! we will work are epic butts off to make sure everything is great for you ... the best backers in the world! :)
@scott sinelli   not at all scott! i honestly really appreciate you bringing it up here because it's something i wanted to talk about with the backers and i really love how people are discussing it back and fourth! it's really important imo for us to hear what backers have to say about the tiles as it's one of the most important parts of our game! we do care! and we want to see people love them! i dont anticipate any production delays because of tile design or quality problems because we will make sure that they work and are properly prototyped before they are printed! :)
@ scott : i agree! let's not do anything we will regret.
@ rhaz : now you've done it your fumbleness, your gold sandals are all sticky!
i may have started this discussion on interlocking tiles and now i feel somewhat responsible. you designers know your game the best. you know what you had in mind for components. don't let the mob rule if you think  interlocking tiles will cause production  problems, production delays or more importantly quality problems.
@grouik .....*squish*   .....
@ rhaz : i am but your humble servant your immortalesness... what can i do to help you oh' bluest of pharaohs? maybe something for your bad breath? scarab breath is very last millenia... :p
@grouik  rofl!!!! no no.... it will be here much sooner than that! ... but the mummy's curse is here now!!!! muahahahahahahahahhaahaa...   "look into my eyes... and become my slave... i have lived for thousands of years and i shall live for thousands more!"  -- rhaz azul, the immortal... the pharaoh with the blue eyes
@alavaro : you wee it soon! probably before new year! ;) no eeg do not unleash the mummy's curse on me, aaaaaaaaaaarrrrrggggggggggggggg.........;
@alvaro  im dying over here too! seriously! haha... ninjace has been working on it non-stop for this entire week... it's about 25mins of pure preview! a full out full 6 player game where we show many important aspects of the game! :) he told me late last night that it should be coming later today! sorry for the delay! we really want it to be amazing for you guys! we want you to really enjoy it and get a lot out of it! :)   thanks so much for your understanding and patience with this process.
guys i'm dying over here the teasing of the game preview has had me checking up on this page ever for the last week since it was said to be coming out...when is it coming i need to love this game even more
i think if the room does change allocation (slide/rotate/sink/rise/etc) quite often, interlocking would be more problematic than using gripmat. with gripmat you just pick up the tiles and change. tiles are not stuck on the mat, it's just hold them so side-way movement cannot be done easily. with interlocking you need to unlock, change, then lock again, which can potentially damage the locks quite quickly.
@grouik  great observations!!! we are using basically the same size as i've been saying 3.5 x3.5 inch tiles... the actual interlockers we're working on trying to create a new "condensed version" if possible to prevent them from breaking or becoming scuffed and chipped... we're also looking at using a linen finish on the tiles making them more durable and much more easily dealt. the drizzt/d&d game tiles are certainly one of our inspirations where they are and must be, uniform on all sides... because every time must be the same size to be random... so we just need to perfect the exact locking part so that it's not too tight... not too loose... and is durable!
issues with interlocking : are more easily damaged, bad découpage can be annoying, if the tiles are small it will be bothersome, you can have issues deciding how to interlock tiles (okay does this tile have 1,2,3 or4 possibles entries?) thus slowing production, problems with your mechanics (moving rooms), a bad look (some rooms would look ugly interlocked), etc...
@all talking about tiles: nice discussion folks! definitely would love to hear more about any issues you'd foresee with interlocking tiles... because as of right now... it seems like most people would like them! so we want to keep that going and i want to get some  samples ready for your viewing soon! :)
@karsten you can actually just "message" the project creator personally without actually pledging! so feel free to reach out to them!
looks like we owe you some new content to like and comment towards on bbg... as of this morning there is a new leader on the hotness list... but no worries, with our new tutorial video releasing very soon, i am sure there will be plenty to talk about. keep it up eop team! lets put sotlt back in its place at #1.
@karsten : why not back at 1$ that is what this is for no? :)
hi! while you are at it, could you also inquire whether some kind of eu-fulfilment is planned for the grip mats? i won't back it until there is, but not being a backer i can't leave comments to ask for it. it's a vicious circle!
gripmat sounds a useful accessory- seems i've been using one for years without realising it, in the form of a table protector that my wife makes me use before i take over the dining table (the top surface sounds exactly like the gripmat though the bottom is soft fleece, so isn't good for holding the mat in place on the table)...but because it makes it hard for things to slide around on top of it, it could be problematic for tile placement games where you might need to keep adjusting the  position of the board as it grows.
@eep : i have a preference for interlocking tiles but that really depends on how the game and the board is made. for small tiles square is fine. also if you have interlocking it might mean you have to define is there are borders for example. if some tiles move through the game (spinning tile, tile falling to a level under, etc...) interlocking tile would be troublesome. even if in general i prefer interlocking for stability on my table, that may not be wise with this game.
@eep - i think it all comes down to how tiles work in sotlt. i'm planning to get myself a gripmat anyway, just need to measure the dimension of my tables at home. from what i've seen, gripmat is probably the ultimate solution to all games that have lots of movable parts that need to be placed on table. i'm greatly impressed in the video capturing what gripmat is capable of doing. if the gripmat has some theme on it, say, sotlt theme *wink wink*, rather than just some random galaxy picture it'd be a bonus. :)
@maken x yes a gripmat could potentially be nice... we are going to look at it and we are also highly considering the interlocking tiles... if we go with interlocking, the gripmat probably becomes redundant... :) thanks for the comment!
@eep - nice one in getting contact with gripmat. i think i can see a sotlt themed gripmat coming... :d
hey backers, just wanted to send out a thank you again. its no small feat to have been at number 1 on bgg for almost 4 days in a row. we wil very shortly have more material to post. keep the great feedback and comments coming - thank you!!
@sully... my thoughts exactly! thanks for the comment!!! keep em coming folks! :)  i really wanna know what everyone thinks! thanks all!
tiles that can be slid around as an interlocked unit sound like a great idea to help manage a "map" that can grow unpredictably and so might need shifting around a bit.
@backers  hey all! we've been working on some great prototypes of the interlocking tile designs and we will share some design ideas soon (pictured soon)  i've actually been corresponding with gripmat... nice people... ill let you know what happens with that soon too...  however we still love interlocking tiles which are great especially when you want to move where a piece of the tomb to another part of the table... slide all parts together.   keep discussing... i really want to hear what everyone thinks because it's a really important topic for the game component ease of use.
since  i started this, i vote for interlocking tiles. bigger would be better also.
i'm not fuss about interlocking tiles as i'm thinking of getting myself a gripmat (another ks running atm). that should solve all the problems with game tiles in any game. :d
i vote for interlocking tiles too. the dials on the character cards keep them safe from the table being bumped - it seems fitting that the tiles get some protection too :)
i also vote for interlocking tiles - but they'd have to be of high quality that fit together perfectly. i'd be really annoying if these didn't fit together well....
interlocking tiles for sure. it's so much easier to play with when your not knocking tiles out of place every time you add a new one, or when someone nudges the table.
i vote interlocking
@sean russell thanks so much for sharing with your friends!!!  the video is coming very soon! we really want you to be able to have a good opportunity to experience the game in the best way we can!  i look forward to hearing what you think about interlocking once you've seen the video!  vault updates are coming soon! we are hard at work on it...we gave such a big giant double tomb expansion in the first vault unveiling that it's taking a little time to catch up :p however, we promise it will be worth the wait! thanks so much for your support! we really appreciate it and we can't do this without you!
it looks like my promoting this in my game circle worked. a few others are more enthused now that there's more solo info and i think a couple might have backed! as for interlocking tiles i love the idea, but i'd rather have bigger but not too big. i reserve judgements on tile size until after the video is released. chris, when is the next vault item going to be revealed? the adventures are so varied, that each new one is an excellent surprise!
@grouik we hopeth so! we want to really push as quickly through the stretch goals as possible.... we also want to add more cool things to the vault... :)
the second stretch treasure shall be thine for the week endeth... so says rhaz azhal blue eyes that have seen the future... :p
@scott great questions!!! the tiles in the photos are similar size... (prototype game) however, the size might change in the final product... we are highly considering posting a poll / survey to our backers about doing interlocking tiles! i know i personally really love interlocking tiles... what do you think about interlocking tiles?
i have two questions. some of the photos over on bgg show some pretty crowded tiles of adventurers and monsters. are the  tiles in the photos the same size as planned for release? do the tiles interlock in any way? can't wait for the new preview. thanks.
video project update - video is nearly complete. i am putting the final touches on it today. the finished product should be posted by tomorrow. and as it is 25 mins long (and quite enjoyable to watch if i do say so myself) you can sit back with your popcorn and favorite beverage and see the first global preview of secrets of the lost tomb! :)
wow eop team, momentum continues! already passed the 1st stretch goal and are almost 1/2 way to the next - great job! also hear that thereis a glory seeker update on the horizon - stay tuned!
@greatlich  i put up a large tomb pic (outdoors) for everyone to check out...  here's the link: http://www.everythingepicgames.com/tomb-blog.html lmk what you think!
yeah!!! notice the asian 3rd level! chinese lions and dragons coming to life! :) indian elephants and deities coming to life in the tomb! :)
asian influence ! nice ! i am from asia.
@mantichor  however, we are certainly wanting to add a lot more to the vault ... we have a bunch of cool and fun ideas and we want to unlock them and have the vault grow as the kickstarter grows! :)
@mantichor  hey! definitely check out our price comparison chart to help you see the value if needed link:  http://www.everythingepicgames.com/sotlt-kickstarter.html   the chart does not include the price of minis!
@paolo passafaro :  nice dream!!!  "grooovy!" lol... i'm definitely a fan! we will certainly be looking into a necronomicon influenced world!  we're also looking into having a blog/forum where players and fans can submit and create ideas for scenarios and we can potentially work with players on creating the scenario scripts of their dreams! :)   if anyone has cool ideas about forums or blogs like that feel free to let me know what you think about that idea! :)
@holley  yes indeed! the entire level 3 of the tomb is of an asian influence!  (china, india, etc...) so we are definitely delving into the asian world of mythology.
so when are you guys going to add more stuff to the vault? so far it´s not a great deal upgrading from fortune hunter to glory seeker...
http://www.dynamite.com/images/tnaod11covleister.jpg hy chris i have a dream...it will be possible to have some sort of character inspired by ash from evil dead with clothes from the early century ?? it would be really cool ...imagine that the necronomicon  transported him in a room of the tomb after returning in the smart supermarket in the end of army of darkenss movie. i think it will make your pledges raise considerely...i think many ks backers loves him. for rights reserved enfrangement you should make something similar obviously .
ohhh pirate ship.  i love me a good swashbuckler.  dread pirate roberts anyone?  have you thought about any of the chinese demon/ghost type story lines?
@christian  hey! we actually have a pirate ship (sunken) in one of our tiles... in the "lake of cam picchu" ... we certainly have lots of tile ideas!!! :)  about antarctica: we so far are on a tropical island in the atlantic that goes down to the depths of the earth to atlantis hidden under the tomb... however... there may be a way for us to get to an icy world :p we will have to consider it for sure... also, keep in mind, we've created a game system... therefore, we have many possibilities for future game titles and expansions :)   it would be awesome to fight a yeti / wendigo right?
is there a possibility of having pirate ship tiles or a scenario that takes place entirely aboard a ship? how about beneath antarctica like in avp?
if anyone ever has a suggestion, comment, request,  please message me or comment here... because we honestly care about what you think and what you want. your suggestions are very valuable to us as we are always striving to become better and make our games the best we can for you!
@holly... thanks so much!  but honestly... you guys truly are the best backers in the world!!!    i don't see you as just a bunch of random people...  i see you as respected gamers, peers, and producers... what you want, is honestly what we want... out company quote is "of the gamer, by the gamer, and for the gamer!"  because we can't do this without you!  ;)
@chris, i think when the creators stay involved with their backers and their kickstarter it makes all the difference.  i know i have been guilty of backing out of a project that the creators seem uninterested in what the backers have to say.  i think we all appreciate that you are interested in us and what we have to say, so that makes us work for all of these goals. so, thank you for listening and taking us serious.
great job on attaining the 1st stretch goal!
@s2 adventures  thank you very much! we are ultra excited! it only keeps getting better! :)
@mcbain thank you so much for your support! lol butters?!?! haha freeze you in the snow! we promise this will be worth the wait!
great job guys on reaching your first stretch goal.   can't wait to see the final product.
this game is looking great really nice artwork/design i need to find butters so he can freeze me in the snow and wake me up next year i cant wait dammit! :)
well everyone! looks like lady rocket has joined the team!
ah ha a new fortune hunter! :)
@chris now that you mention it... i have it on good authority that we're the best backers in the world! i read it on the internet, so it must be true! :d
@grouik  lol... just saying that i appreciate all of you amazing backers! :)
@chris : you mean you do not need another hero? :p should we sing? :)
@grouik yes! but all of you are my heroes! ;)
less then 1000$! chris just find 2 heroes in the next few hours! ;)
@triplash awesome! gotta love when you can relate with characters! yeah ... lady rocket has a very cool background story and is a valuable member of the eternal order of perseus!
@holly keas  yes! we're almost there! :)
@maken x ahah... percy jackson definitely a fan! :)
i've been really looking forward to lady rocket. i had a rocket girl character in a superhero mmo i used to play, she was one of my favorite characters. funny thing is, her backstory was that she only became a heroine after an accident in a research lab, when the spirit of a heroine from the pulp era was transferred into her. so yeah, lady rocket is gonna be one of my favorites. it'll be like getting to play the original version! :d
lady rocket, here we come!!!! just 1200 more.  we can do it.
how about a kid who stole the lightning bolt from zeus and blame another kid while hiding the bolt in a shield so the other kid has to find bolt and return it to zeus before zeus rage quit and destroy the world? that kinda sound familiar for some reason.... :/
@christian thor 's hammer has always been on our minds... let me see what   i  can do... hah ha
@mcbain what's "bainweed"?  lol
love your ideas holly!!!!
great suggestions guys! keep them coming... who knows, your ideas might just be the inspiration for one of our next adventure packs... love the teamwork!!
can there be something about thor's hammer?
..."bainweed" nice :)
so glad we hit funded.  this just keeps getting better and better.  and, a shadow type story would be fantastic.  what about some kind of warehouse 13 or grimm style adventures.  i think with grimm as hugely popular it opens up those fairy tales to some really interesting stories/adventures.  i know they aren't tomb raiding, but they could definitely be tweaked to work.  lol.  just my random thought.
hey all!  just a friendly reminder to hop on boardgamegeek.com and post comments on our pictures... if you can post a few that's great... if you can post on em all and thumbs up em all ... thats amazing!  we're at #1 on the hotness list and we want to stay there as long as possible... this will help us get to our stretch goals and get to those miniatures!!! thanks so much everyone! you're the best backers in the world!!!
@rad maybe we can have a netflix hangout online and all watch a movie (like indiana jones)  at the same time... like a google hang out or something hahaha
@grouik  no problem;)  thanks for the comment and for helping to spread the word!
movie time i prepare the pop corn xp
@ninjace - (im)patiently waiting for your great update. :d
hey team, i know you are all axiously waiting for the gameplay video. i am working very hard to finish it asap. we had so much good stuff, we planned on a 10-15 min video... and i had 50 mins of footage that i was able to cut down to 25mins... so very soon you can sit back and watch the tomb in action! thanks for your patience - it will be worth it :)
arg sorry...
@grouik  they're actually the same videos as here :p
gameplay video available on bgg! :)
good morning. and wow, dashing heroin now. hmm, a nice start of the day i guess? :d more than half way to the first stretch. very nice.
haha those would be amazing!!! i will have to start writing the screenplay immediately :)
@brimstone : sorry i am french (baaah!!!) and i am far from fluent in english... :( you are correct chris it would be a great series and it is back in style with games, books and series. warehouse 13 is in the same area as is the librarian! captain sky of course... national treasure, the mummy, rex mundi comics... so many things to read... and in games : adventurers of course and fortune and glory. :@)
you guys write the best comments in here lol
@brimstonetrollmike rofl!
hah! that would be fantastic! :p  pulp action serial :) honestly... this content would make excellent tv series / movies :)
@groulk - i think you mean "heroine".  dashing heroin has a completely different meaning.  but hey, if that's your thing...  ;-)
now to write a secrets of the lost tomb soap opera! with christopher st george as the good guy! bianca the dashing heroin! and last but not least rhaz azul as... evil incarnate! ^^
@grouik absolutely!!! i am a huge fans of tons of games! that's the best thing about board games... it's fun to have a huge variety! :)
@ chris : thanks! :) my girlfriend and i will love both your games!
@grouik check out his website http://www.gatekeepergaming.com/ :)
@ john wrot : i did not se your ks about the tower defense game until too late... i am very sorry i missed it. is there another way to get your game? :)
@john thank you very much for all the love and kind support! :) it's highly appreciated!
@john - what's up? nice to see you here.
congrats my friends!
for who knows what game lurks in the hearts of players? the chris knows! o_o
@grouik  i am a huge fan of the shadow! it is certainly something i really wish to do! :) so dont be surprised if you see one! (most likely would be good)   you'll be seeing some really cool stuff pop up in the vault of perseus fairly soon ... ;)
did you do a character good or bad based on the shadow? :p
definitely some inspiration there!!!
any relation to the rocketeer? :p
@grouik  yes i hope so! let's get everyone lady rocket!!! she's an awesome rocket scientist and inventor of amazing things! :) she's pretty tough too! :p
@thomas... they will be assembled! :) thanks for the comment!
what do you think? first stretch goal tomorrow? :)
i´m happy if the minis are supplied assembled.
@triplash  rofl! love that quote!
@maken x   thanks!!! you helped too! :)
@rad  yes!! stretch goals ... onward and upward!!!
@grouik we will certainly look into some of those alterations! :) we're trying to really focus in on getting these gameplay videos knocked out and posted!  (lots of editing to do! :) thanks alot for the suggestions!! i'll probably make some of these changes later today!
@alvaro  thanks for the comment! we certainly are looking in to pre-painted minis... however, because they are rather costly, they probably wont be included in base copies of the game... we are however, looking into creating "pre painted miniature" sets (similar to how arkham horror does it) where people who love pre-painted minis can obtain them :) i will certainly keep you all informed as i learn new things!
woohoo! funded! \o/ they're coming to get you barbarossa!
eb adventurer is all gone. next will be eb fortune hunter, and then eb glory seeker #2. ninja them when you still can. btw, nicely funded! :d
bam funded lets streeeeeeeeeeeeetch!!!
so happy to wake up to a funded game! :@) onwards to stretch goals! lady rockets awaits! @ eeg team : now you have to change the front page. the first image of the video should contain funded and the next attainable stretch goal. and just under what was obtained. the stretch goal list is too far down nthe page ow. ;)
are the minis going to be painted?....or are they going to look as they do in the home page?
@christian ditto...  thanks for the continued support!!! so excited!!!
@realm master thank you!!! we can't do this without you!!! you backers are amazing !!!
@glen when we hit the goal we will make all minis that are for all packs!  base game will come with character minis for core characters...  and we will make minis for all bosses which will come separately...  however...  glory seeker gets all minis :)
woot!  funded!  it's such a great feeling to know we are all a part of this.  onward to the stretch goals!
ok thank you very much for the clarification i was starting to stress a little . i don't want someone else getting this cool game. cause i wanna play it asap.
@alvaro just like christian said... you get a survey at the end of the campaign. you will be able to add on any add ons then too ;)  thanks for the comment
congrats chris!! great to see this funded!!
@alvaro - once the campaign ends you'll get a survey of sorts in your email to clarify what you are buying, add-ons, etc and in that survey will be the shipping address.
i asked chris but he hasn't answered me yet sorry if this has been clarified already im new to kickstarter
question isn't it supposed to ask us for our address so it can be shipped to our home? caus ei didn't see where to add that when i pledged 30 minutes ago
if we make it to the mini stretch goal will there be minis for each and every character including those in the adventure packs and on the stretch goals or only for characters in the core game? same question for the boss monsters will there be mini's for each and every boss including the ones in the adventure packs etc or just the ones from the core game?
this is just the beginning !  we will be here celebrating x'mas and new year !!!
thanks so much everyone... you're the best backers in the world!
wow !!! awesome !!!
let me be the 1st to welcome barbarossa and all of you to the tomb!! funded!! can't wait to start putting those "achived" stamps on the stretch goals!!
@ glen, very good suggestion! you can play with 8 !custom! dice (which is why we have included that many) but if you play well, i have seen players roll up to as many as 12 dice on a power roll.... very cool to see that cascade of dice hit the table :)
$350 to go... it could all be up to one backer to bring in barbarossa and bring us to the 1st funding level! who will it be?
one word - dice come on everyone wouldn't you like to have a nice shiny set of dice for each player? add some dice to your pledge so we can show barbosa the way to the lost tomb
;)  you guys are awesome!!!
come on !  3 more new glory seekers will do !!!
$922.00 away, so close.  woo hoo.  wow, and we pushed pathfinder card game off the top, that's something. thank's for the eop explanation, and i love it as i am a huge fan of the persues myths. @grouik, love the librarian series (i love noah wylie anyway).  my favorite is the first, but the other two are just as fun.  i think, for me, they kinda edge out nt, even though i still love the nt movies. now, to just get us that last 900$.
home stretch!!!!!!!!! final 1,000 untill the base funding goal is reached... then off to the hunt for minis!!
@chris i've been commenting on them a bit. i'm the "haroldthulhu" guy xd  i finally got to put in my pledge last night, once i made sure the budget could cover it. (tis the glory i seek!) don't know why i haven't said hello here till now though... huh. *shrugs and waves* hello!
@triplash  thanks so much for your support! lol "sir not appearing in this  board game" haha.... thanks for checking us out on bgg... please leave comments on the pics on bgg! we love to hear what you think! :)
howdy! the more i look over the pictures on bgg, the more fun this game looks! :d i can't quite afford legendary like i'd like to though, so i guess i'll have to call my character sir not appearing in this board game. :p
11th hour... 1500 to go. i am literally at the edge of my seat! this is so exciting! !
@karsten thanks so much for joining the hunt! :)
@rad: glory seeker is too expensive. plus, i don't really need the minis.
@karsten why not eb2 for glory seeker?
sooo, uprgraded to fortune hunter eb. it's good to be an early bird for once. :)
yes on bgg! :) i know we will! :))
@grouik  on bgg? that's to show the characters we've created... however, fear not! i have faith that we will make it through the stretch goals to get everyone all the great characters!  :)
@chris : on your character montage we see 3! heidi dupont in lower right? :)
the stretch goal characters will be included in the base game :)
@scott sinelli  yes indeed... the base game comes with 8 characters, (2) the female characters are bianca sinclair and libby villa ... we have two more females (heidi dupont and lady rocket) in our stretch goals and we will also be including a lot more characters in our adventure packs!  (they have not yet been revealed because they are connected to the legendary pledge level backers)
there are at least 3 female characters.
does anybody know what the mix of male/female characters is in the base game? so far, i see only one female (in the base game).
oh only 1.532 more yeah we can do it
@christian lol.... santa's "clause" the reindeer from the deep and the atlantian elves ... the holiday pack :p   (note: these are just jokes for now... however... in the event they go viral ... well.... lol)
@snowren24 indeed!!! thank you so much for joining our expedition!  prepare for the tomb! :)
ok so i saw it was similar to betrayal at the house on the hill and i jumped in for $60!
that way it adds to the sexiest backer ever award
we need mistletoe for this kiss...
@greatlich just a kiss away from getting to that "barbarossa's barbary" adventure set!!! :) lets get there!! :) i believe in you guys! you're the greatest!
96% funded !!! just a kiss away !!!
wow !  juraj is here too !!!  you current project is awesome as well !!!
@bristonetrollmike  yes indeed! thanks! we're very thankful for everyones support! :)
#1 on the hotness list on bgg?  wow!  just wow!
@rad  yes indeed! let's get us funded so we can get those characters and get those boss monsters made for all to enjoy! :)
@chris ha ha i just read your comments at ma, yes i also backed ma looks really cool even without minis and game play looks really interesting
@rad yes indeed... i'm a backer of his project.. it looks very cool! :) i try to support as many projects as i can! :)
@juraj hey u here too?? welcome xd
@joe passingham  it's because of you guys! :) thank you!
wow what a way to start your day... wake up after rendering all night to find out the tomb is at number 1!! wow are you guys and gals awesome!!!
@maken x :  it's because of you amazing backers that we were able to do this!
@everyone!!!!  "yo rhaz azul!!! we did it!" :)    #1 hotness of boardgamegeek fame! :) wonderful excellent amazing tremendous, stupendous... well i could keep going... but you get the idea! you guys are out of this world awesome! thank you so much for your help! may we stay on top today and for the remainder of the campaign and beyond! :)  thanks so much guys! you're the best backers in the world!!!
@adam  thanks so much for joining the adventure! we appreciate your help in joining our expedition! we can't do this without you! :)
lol! indeed
@ adam : you seem to already be infected by the madness that permeates the air of the tomb! ;)
another tomb raider here. looks great guys. can't believe i only just found out about it. i was only saying to my imaginary girlfriend the other day that we needed a indiana jones type board game... now shut up and take my money!
awesome looking project i must say! from the illustrations to its components, keep up the good work!
hq should not have been done on ks but on an european platform. big and sad mistake.
sotlt beat hq in bgg. wow. just wow. nicely done. :d
top of the hotness on bgg. great stuff.
attention: only 29 eb2 glory seeker left !!! we will be funded if they are all taken...
@ninjace... why don't i believe you? ;)
@ninjace - i'll be sure to take mr. round...short round...with me on my adventure.
@greatlich - completely agree - you are all awesome... kind of feel bad to send you into the tomb to deal with all of its horrors... ;)
i guess it may take another day before this project can be funded ! i believe everyone has done their best
eop team, i wanted to thank you agian for your continued support. it is 11pm est and i just finished the base game play video, it is in the process of rendering, so it will take a while to finish before i can put the finishing touches on it... but trust me the wait will be worth it. the team of eeg staff and volunteers did a great job creating a "table top-esq" video for you. i will keep you informed of the progress, but know that the video will be released very soon.
how's everyone doing? we're at 89% !!! you guys are really doing great! thanks for doing so much for this campaign!
as night falls over the sea, barbarossa begins to lose sight of the land... will he make it to shore to find out what lies in the secrets of the lost tomb...?
@grouik...  rofl...  indeed... the pirate set must be completed!!! ;)  let's do this! i know you guys can do it ;)
@ mcbain  indeed... thank you so much for your support...  we can't do this without you!!!
i'm shovin' off!  i be goin't'sleep now landlubbers! when the cold of me hook wakes me up you better have recruited barbarossa you mangy curs! or polly will eat more then a cracker! ;)
thankyou for the kind welcome :)
@mcbain welcome to the hall of legends mcbain - let me pull out your chair, join a seat at our table and be prepared to feast on the soils of our triumphs over the tomb!
normal for mc bain! :) also a legend! ;)
i'm in for.....legendary :)
is there a new legendary? or is it a new hero? great pledge anyway! :)
barbarossa, red beard... hum... which brother is that? :) and is he a good guy or a bad guy? if he si bad yes we should vuild a signal fire... to lead him to his dooooommmmm!!!! mouhahahaha!!! hum... sorry... got a little carried away (yes away not overboard thank you very much). are the sharks ready to eat? :p
thanks everyone for your amazing support! :) let's keep it going !!!
yo ho, yo ho, a funded life for us! :)
11 hrs to go and $7000 of bounty is still missing from the war chest. we have 242 eop members out there, keep spreading the word... there is a fog rolling in and if barbarossa is going to make it to the shore... he is going to need some help... lets work together to build that signal fire!
we all agree! :))) must be thanksgiving! ^^
@grouik and rad yes you're right... ks does not allow any contests on kickstarter :) thanks for the comments! :)
@grouik and rad: our plan (spoiler alert) is to have an official bgg contest towards the end of the campaign! :) we will certainly update you when we do launch it! :)
in ks yes! but on bgg with a pledge as a prize yes:! i participated in quite a few! :)
contest not allowed for ks
ah yes i,remember somehting else! a contest! with a pledge as a winning prize. so if i remember you cannot do it on kickstarter but must do it on bgg under certain rules. you have 4-5 easy questions but the answers can only be found for example on the pictures hosted on bgg, on the ks site and in one of your videos! and you have a lottery to determine the winner. please check all rules and regulations but this works well! :)
let's not get side kicktraqued here! ;) can you not ask this in an update? publications and posting? or are you the only one who can do this?
@grouik .... indeed landlubbers! see "one if by land... two if by sea" :p the kraken is there!
reaching out to more publications and then posting them on kicktraq can help! :p
is there a way to make the game hotter? : http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/everythingepicgames/secrets-of-the-lost-tomb/
hi ho me landlubbers! aaaarrrrrrhhhhh!!! 'tis treasure i see with my one good eye!!! faster ye scurvy dogs! oh no t' kraken be upon us! parley? o_o *sorry...*
@grouik  most definitely! feel free to send me a message with any ideas you have! let's make this happen!
13hrs and $7,000 to go... is that barbarossa's ship i see on the horion...?
@grouik thanks for the support
i'll have to see about richard launius of arkham horror fame! :)
by the way what i write is not criticism, impatience or reproach. just trying to compile things to do to spread the word nothing more
i'm definitely posting on facebook alot... please like everything epic games on facebook https://www.facebook.com/everythingepicgames   and tweeting on our twitter....  @eepicgames  https://twitter.com/eepicgames
okay so other ways to make this kickstarter successful woud be things live tweet and facebook no? or make famous persons play your games? richard launius would be very happy i think! :)
working on some of that other stuff too! :)
@grouik yes.. we will have a couple preview videos coming soon!
do you have a list a site with a repertoire of live kickstarter projects? are there reviews that are going to be done? video, podcast, written? why not a small cartoon?
woah... rofl!
maybe tie him to a mast and flog him? :p
@grouik   gameplay demo video coming very soon! (ninjace is working now very hard!) :p
yes! the game play video would help a lot!!! or get on a kickstarter best hope games list? thanks the info for the perseus button! for the pirates my question was for fun but i love the answer!
woke up today thinking... "wow" the tomb is at number 3 on the charts, and got a big smile on my face... then thought "hmmm, wonder if we could reach number one..." thoughts?
@grouik about pirates entering the tomb.... there are quite a few ways pirates can enter the tomb and the island... firstly... it is extra-planar-ish :p the tomb has a few different special tiles like "the lake of cam picchu" and "the river styx" and also we have the new atlantis level! :) (there are also a couple more as well)
@grouik the eternal order or perseus symbol is the profile face of perseus himself! see this link: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/perseus ... we've re-created the greek icon and epic hero into the symbol for the order... this symbol is like a beacon of hope against all evil and the powers of beyond! a talisman... an amulet to not only protect it's wearer from this evil... but to also inform other members of the order that you're also a member! :)  (a very elite group!)
okay then! one curses eyepatch for tom! ;)
@grouik you said the first answer gets an eyepatch - you didnt say it must be the right answer :)
@ tom : i do not see a ressemblance?
only 36 eb2 glory seeker left! these will certainly be the last !
a variation of the illuminati symbol?
can somebody explain to me what is depicted on the order of perseus symbol? one cursed eyepatch to the first who answers! :p
some have class... b-) how does a pirate ship land on a tomb? is the tomb extraplanar? :p have to admit that the pirates of the cariban depicted a very cthulhuesque flying dutchman
todays ranking reports are in... and.... we are now number 3 on the hotness chart!!!!!!!! thank you for the amazing support!
21hrs left to see if barbarossa's ship lands at the the lost tomb... or sets off to sea...? almost at 42k... we will need all hands on deck to achieve this high seas goal! good luck mateys!!
perseus? why did you choose this name? the only greek hero to have a happy ending? :) as a monster hunter? his magical items?
while waiting for national treasure 3 do not hesitate to look at the 3 movies in the librarian series! :)
@holly ... thanks so much for your support on fb and bgg!!! eop member is "the eternal order of perseus" it's all a part of the game's storyline and also what you'll be listed as in the rulebook under the backer section! :)  see the faq for more info :) thanks so much for the question!
hey guys, love how this is shaping up.  been crazy busy, but definitely going on bgg to talk up the game.  also doing some fb love also.  i had a question, it might be a stupid one or been answered but what is eop member?  and a national treasure type storyline would be epic.
@christian... sexiest backer ever award?!   the "sbe" award? ... lol... what did you have in mind?
@shadowbooth thank you for your support!!! we can't do this without you!!!
@kevin thanks so much for backing at legendary! we will certainly work with you to create the character of your dreams! looking forward to it!!! :)
@maken and christian: well well my friends.... please keep in mind that the meridian of medusa is the upper floor of the tomb.... the area inside of the pyramid eye section that the green glowing light comes out of on top! this area is filled with secret societies and even more mysterious treasures that are going to really help scratch that national treasure itch! i'm definitely a big fan of the national treasure franchise and i look forward to a sequel... i will certainly consider thinking up some scenario scripts for that type of adventure feel (set in the pulp-era of course) keeping the continuity going! ;)
@christian that's glad to hear. the cliffhanger has been bugging me for years. not that i'm crazy about the trilogy, just wanna see the end of it. :)
only 4 eb adventurer left !!!
@maken - i work in hollywood and i just wrapped a commercial with one of the cast members of those films and i can tell you that it's at least being scripted, but there is no motion on actually filming the third film yet.
in at legendary... would love to name a character after my wife! game looks like a ton of fun!
looks too cool had to jump in at eb fortune hunter
national treasure. that sounds interesting. btw, is the final of the trilogy coming or the series is dead?
also can we have a "sexiest backer ever" award?
it would be really awesome if you had national treasure inspired scenarios...including the yet unrevealed page 47...
only 1 day for the "black beard"-event and i don´t had time yesterday :-(
39666? this kickstarter is doooooommmmmeeeeeddddd... o_o the number of the dark pharaoh has risen...
@tom  check this update for more info! http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/everythingepicgames/secrets-of-the-lost-tomb/posts thanks very much!
or is barbarossa still not done? i cant see if we got 50 new at pledeg 55+
so update  ?
:)
+51 people :)
keep it going guys! almost at 40k! let's get funded by the end of the weekend so everyone can get the second reward!!! :)  thanks everyone for your support!!!
@kevin... woot!  :)
secrets of the lost tomb is now on bgg's hotness!  check it out: http://www.boardgamegeek.com/
shout out to my mom & dad who just pledged :) good to have the support of both family and friends!! they are rooting for all of us to reach the funding goal by tomorrow!!
that was @daryl!
yes indeed! gameplay coming very soon! (hopefully tomorrow evening)  :)
hi all,   maybe i missed it, is there a gameplay video out or due out soon?
*update sent!* once again backers... thanks very much! let's keep it going! you guys are the best!  :)
only 8 eb adventurers left !!!
ohhhh yessss!!!!      ***female robot voice*** ... "hotness activated..."  woo ... you guys are awesome!!! :) i knew it!  ;)
amazing!! in less than a week the tomb has made it to the hotness list!! numbers only go up from here, keep fueling the fire eop team, lets see how many stretch goals we can unlock... i'm hungry for some minis!!!
awesome effort everyone. now we need more backers. :d
more free stuff now...new backers, when you see a eb, just grab first and talk later...
wow!  awesome people in here...you guys must be so eager to loot every tombs !
yeah black beard in the bag
11 more backers needed grab ur grand ma, uncle, cousin, neighbour or everything that moves to pledge for this ks
not only made it, but 15th. soon be in top 10!
we made the hotness. huzzah! :-)
updated and thumbed the rest of the uploaded images.  i sense hotness upcoming...
(and harvey dent! ... but mostly you backers! )  :p
we can do this!!! i believe in you!
wow !  thank you so much !  only 14k to go !  let's spread the words !
@greatlich update just in! :) http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/everythingepicgames/secrets-of-the-lost-tomb/posts
new backers: if you are tight on cash, at least you may wish to grab eb adventurer level eb fast, because there are only 10 left !  if you join now, you may get bonus stuffs as well...this project will last until 2014...so you have plenty of time to make changes
i have done my best...i guess many people is on vacation or something...
@kevin... i'm still awake :) i'm going to give folks a bit more time... plus, i have a "plan b" for everyone :) i'll be posting that update soon! fear not! we care about our backers very much and we will never let you down! ;) you guys did an amazing job today... bgg support, good amount of backers! and really funny comments on those bgg pics! lol! lets keep that momentum going! :)
crap.  we didn't make either of the special reward goals, but did pick up 34 backers and a load of bgg support!
wow over 200 backers 71% funded and 55 fans on bgg in less than one week... i will now steal eeg's statement "you are the best backers in the world"!
aladdin and the king of thieves
hint: it's a treasure hunt movie.
10 points to gryffindor whoever gets this quote. "i want to see some resumes on these guys and don't let the one with the beak near any power tools."
hahah! indeed! i know how that is for sure! aka "sob" lol..... but anyway... we can't wait for you to see the gameplay video this weekend (posting approx. sun) and you'll see what we mean about our passion! :)
and the wife
talk to the wallet :)
@tom hoefle well done sir! it will only get better and better as the campaign goes on!  :)
damn it had to upgrade to glory ...to much material :) awesome
sweet baby cheeses!  35k!  this campaign is going to be an amazing one to be a part of.
sweet baby cheeses!  35k!  this campaign is going to be an amazing one to be a part of.
black friday 9 hours left with 37 more backers needed for promotion 1!
k done commenting xp
@ninja - this project started 4 days ago and we are already 70%...this is very encouraging for a newcomer...so i hope this can be done in 7 days...once we begin getting stretch goals, more backers will join...
@greatlitch - i like the way you think!
almost 70% funded !  let's get this done before monday then we have a month to work on stretch goals, add-ons, gameplay !!!
we are up 19 backers, surely?
good start to the black friday special everyone! - currently up 12 out of the goal of 50 new backers and up to 40 fans with an excellent rating on bgg! thank you for the support, and keep spreading the word... only 13hrs to go!
if you guys wish to help out, please use the backer's badge of this ks.  this will help to get attention.
@greatlich indeed! the black friday promo is going on now! tell your friends to come on over and help push us over the top! :) let's try to get us fully funded today and get this black friday promo set to everyone!
@rad thank you! :)
@robert  eop means the "eternal order of perseus" which is the society that all of the characters are members of! this is all a part of the story and a part of the background of the game.. basically the order is a group of protectors and a shield for humanity against powers that are too much or too dangerous to be let out into the world! (sorta like the men in black and the librarian if they were all connected to ancient greece and the legend of medusa and their arch-nemesis are the draconians of the drakkus brotherhood! :) an addition to the mythos of the world and civilizations and legends that we know and love... reborn! also, you will be put in the rulebook as a member of the eternal order of perseus as well! (for backing)  :) thanks so much for your comment! we really appreciate your support! we can't do this without you!
reminder:  if we get 50 more backers (in the next 24 hours) on top of our over 170 current backers… every backer who pledged adventurer level and above will receive the “barbarossa’s barbarism” adventure set.
i clicky click at bgg will comments as soon as i get back home from work xp
just stumbled upon this by accident. i'm an official glory seeker now! dumb question... what does eop member mean (i've only briefly skimmed the whole project here at work... shhhh!)?
@joe!  fear not! we will make sure that you and all of our backers will get even more incentives as the campaign goes on... this is only the start of the 5th day active... we have even more in the next 39 days that we want to share with you... the best backers in the world!!! thanks so much for your support! :) we can't do this without you!
@chris - i am still very hopeful we will hit the black friday deals, if not however, would it be possible to turn them into incentives for early backers? either as free gifts or low add ons before a certain date for those backed. this may help get the game funded quickly and keep the backers you have already (as they know they will lose their free gift if they bail out).
@grouik there are times when you'll want to work together to defeat a monster... when you're a room with a monster and you outnumber the monster, each character gets a bonus to combat! if you go out separate, you'll be able to explore more and cover more ground... it might be risky... but it helps open up more of the tomb faster, and usually gets more objectives complete quicker! (but again ... can be dangerous but also very fun :)
55 eb2 glory seekers left...they may be gone with in a few days...grab them first !!!
how does the cooperation/interaction works? how can heroes help each other out? is it better to be together or separate?
@ chris : great answer thanks! :)
@paolo & others, also make sure you comment on all of the pictures (even if you just say a couple quick words) that helps get the game even more noticed. :) the comments are some of the most important part! thanks very much! i want to get you guys these awesome black friday adventures!  lets do this!
@grouik there are a decent amount of actions (to keep it interesting and to give players control over their characters) however, once we have the gameplay videos up, we think you'll have a much better sense over how the gameplay will flow with the actions. there are certainly a good number of symbols which help to make the game even more user-friendly and fast paced. it allows players to "at a glance" know what attribute to roll or what card to draw... etc... this, once again, will make sense, once we have the video up and you see the flow of the game (we also will be including player reference cards with the game to help players with learning the symbols... once again, we've been doing our best to make them as easy to learn as possible! :) thanks so much for the comment and questions! we really appreciate it!!! can't do this without you!
@joe passingham thank you very much!
just posted a comment on bgg .. hope it will go in the right direction creating a game for board gamer by board gamers.. cheers :)
will do it soon! :) i am a little worried about the game on one point : there seems to be a lot of possible actions and a lot of different icons, is it not confusing? also on the charcaters on bgg and the ones presented here, the circles of moral and xxx? seem different no?
just went on to bgg, thumbed up all the pics and made some comments. took about 5 minutes so hopefully all the backers on here will do the same!
update coming soon for our black friday promotion special! stay tuned!  i'll be posting an update with lots of info on ways you'll be able to help us promote the game and help us get closer to getting miniatures made and in your games!  getting all the info out! it's some very tantalizing new material... i believe you'll all enjoy!
@maken x  we're still working on it! it's going to take some time to get the answer on pre-painted minis as an option! : )
@paolo passafaro yes paolo, all of those items are already available in the "add-on menu" near the bottom of the kickstarter main page. thanks for the question!!!
do you  think it will be possible to put the extras like miniatures and perseus pack as addons to buy ?
@paolo! we are working hard to get even more great art!!! not all artwork is final...  as you can tell, artwork is extremely important to us... so i  hope you can understand that since this is a very high powered artwork game that it takes some time to get each and every piece ;)  i hope you really love the art :)  thanks for your comment!!!
do you think that all the adventure packs will benefit of great arts from george ?? sincerely i don't like the art for the adventure the hunt for nautilus ...it just a photo of a nazi soldier posterized ..does the monster will be in colour or black and white ??
the only problem for me with hq or other table games with minis is that i really don't like painting. and the minis look so off-putting unpainted. therefore i really hope the minis in sotlt will have an option to be painted out of the box. :d
heroscape will always be my all time favorite game.  infinitely expandable, every piece interacts with every other piece, variety galore, and the only limit is your imagination.
@rad @christian my observation is probably,  since they're in spain, they couldn't get the information about their license to kickstarter quick enough for proper approval.... its a tough franchise... im certainly a fan...  enjoy the old school and new school ;)
i doubt that or they need to get good lawyer which will probably messed up with their initial budget calculation for the game
yeah i noticed hq too.  sad pandas for them.  i hope it comes back up as i want that game too.
hq is down licensing dispute xd they be  coming down here now
@grouik.  same here...i am from hong kong....the only game that gives me free shipping is journey because they are from hong kong
@greatlich : i would love to but this is outside my price range, and i have a 40$ shipping to add!
there are 63 eb2 glory seeker left...now there are two bonus expansions for gs, seems like more is coming...so the value of gs will get higher and higher...grab one before it's all gone...
i agree... even though some say art is worth dying for... you need to be alive to appreciate it! :p
@grouik thank you :) glad we can add to your enjoyment of the adventure.  just don't get too distracted by the art... a monster might sneek up on you ;)
aha, that is why i was not sure. you have different artists. do you have the names? they do great work! bravo ninjace and george p.! :@)
@grouik: yes indeed! george patsouras is the main portrait artist for characters and we are also using a lot of other talented artists for monsters like (rhaz azul and herathulhu, the forsaken king and more!) room tiles and other great artwork is being done by jim samartino (ninjace) one of our partners here at eeg.
love it so far! :) is patsouras the artist? it looks similar... non?
@grouik the main cooperative story mode part of the game is like watching a new adventure movie every time you play... (the tomb is basically in a time and space vortex, so every time you go there and stop the evil from being released the tomb resets itself) meaning when you choose a new adventure script it is a whole new adventure into the tomb with it's own new layout, new order and objectives (double sided) and it's own boss monster! the achievement system is more for the competitive (not cooperative mode) where you go and destroy monsters, complete story cards, and successfully find great items and artifacts and get out of the tomb before time runs out!!!   i will try to get a character work-up on the main campaign characters for everyone asap! thanks so much for your comments! we really appreciate it!
also can we have a small description of the characters and what renders them unique? i see a military man, a mobster, a photographer, a femme fatale? are the monsters thematic to each adventure?
ah ha! sorry i had not read the faq before! is a campaign mode credible? or does it not combine whith the idea of your game? maybe this is the achievement system?
@grouik! rules pdf is being completed for artwork, layout, and graphic design. we are working very hard to make sure the rules are extremely well laid out and easy to understand. (this is very important to us so we dont want to rush it) replayability:  yes indeed! definitely check out the faq on replayability where i say a little more) but to answer your question about the adventure scripts, there are 4 in the base game that will be "double sided" one side is normal side and the other side is the "hard" side... if you look at the examples of the scripts, you will see up-close that they have "boxes" with text... the boxes are to be filled in with "objective cards" which are randomly selected every game. also for some adventures you might have to do some things in order, where for others you might be able to do them in any order. all of the monsters spawn randomly and so do the room tiles! so it has lots of replayability. we also include competitive modes which allow you to use the game in other ways because of it's versatility. and just as you mentioned, there are lots of extra scripts that we have created and that we will continue to make for the game :) thank you so much for pledging! we really appreciate it! we can't do this without you!  thanks so much for your comments and questions!
hello! :) just joined the pledge! :) have alost of questions but i know most of them are answered! game video (just below! ^^) rules pdf file? :) do not forget to ask for video/podcast previews by known reviewers. about adventures : i see 4in the base game and another 8 in adventure packs. does this mean that a specific adventure has little replayability? otherwise : love the theme, the graphics, the cooperation! :)) :@)
@christian thanks very much! i posted a bunch more... they just haven't been approved by admin yet... thanks again all!
thumbed all available images.  for those who haven't...get to it...
@greatlich thanks very much! definitely going to do our best!  and about gameplay video we are certainly going to do the gameplay video! we want to really have it the best it can possibly be to really teach you the game and highlight the game rounds, game phases, combat, scenarios/objectives, characters, and much more! coming asap!
@ eeg - be sure to release gameplay video...that is something sob didn't do and has cost them backers...another big mistake....
@ eeg - i like this approach.  don't make the same mistake that sob did...that eb mine cart has caused lots of problem...
@greatlich yes ... we have some similarities indeed! the vault and the stretch goals are all included! there's a lot of content now and it will continue to grow with the project :)
seems to me glory seeker is a bit different from mc in sob...it only includes addons listed in the pledge level description...i believe further addon are not included unless they fall within the vault.
you're welcome, and thank you for making this game! i played it at metatopia a few weeks ago. i wouldn't have even had the chance to play if the 4-hour game i was in that morning hadn't ended three hours early. i imagine the glory seeker level is similar to the mine cart in shadows of brimstone, only more affordable (i backed that too, but only at outlaw).
@jonathan - yes indeed sir! things happened so fast on the first day... we are doing the best we can to get this content out as quickly as possible! thanks so much for understanding! we created the $235 level specifically for reasons and cases like your own! the vault of perseus will continue to get better... even the regular base price is a great value and will only get better!!! :) thanks so much for backing and for supporting us! we really appreciate it and we can't do this without you! thanks for being the best!!!
i wish i'd known that there was going to be a vault of perseus with extra stuff free for glory seekers and above when i first pledged. at the time i'd done the math and saw that if i added the add-on price of the things announced for glory seeker that aren't in fortune hunter, it came out to more, so i pledged fortune hunter initially and missed my chance to get a $225 glory seeker slot, but at least i was able to get in at $235.
it would be cool if you could post some pics of zombie monsters  what about a character inspired by ash evil dead in a pulp theme .....epic
@paolo passafaro, thank you so much! george did a wonderful job on our characters! with "the legendary" pledge we are having george do the artwork for all of the backer characters too! :)  also in regard to minis... they are going to be varied.. i will be posting more characters up-close as the campaign progresses... some of them might be in action poses etc... but many of them are to be similar to their character portraits. the proportion of tiles to minis will work well... when we post the gameplay video, you'll have the opportunity to see the tomb a bit more up-close and personal :)  thanks so much for the comments!
@rad (sent a new update with updated profile pics!)
love the artwork from patsouras ...same artworks of agents of smersh .
the minis are realistic but seems a bit too static in my opinion . they are cool anyway .
@paolo this game is not dungeon crawl so the dimension between minis and tiles doesnt have to be proportional, i think
if minis would be too high they won't be not proportional with little tiles?
ah there we go, resized the image ;)
hmm avatars seem a tad too large and cut off here <-
@christian thanks so much for the awesome suggestions! we are indeed on bgg ... i am working right now to get a ton of photos uploaded on bgg...  http://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/150484/secrets-of-the-lost-tomb i'll let you know when they're approved! :) thanks so much christian for the excellent suggestions! all are welcome and appreciated! we are working on the gameplay video to be up hopefully if all goes well by sunday!
@christian they workin on gameplay vids i thin they said it should be ready this weekend
also if you can get reviews, gameplay videos, lore videos, lots of updates, always staying connected to the backers, this campaign will go far. also, be prepared for the mid campaign lull.  if you can keep that lull to a minimum...you're golden.
if this game is on boardgamegeek.com, put up a ton of pictures.  the more people that thumbs up every image, the higher up the hotness chart the game goes and it will become very likely the game gets noticed.
ok everyone! just sent out an update with the profile pictures!  thanks so much for all of your support! we hope you like the pics!
@rad! yes i gottcha now! sorry about that... we are working on those! we will get those out asap! :) thanks so much again for the help! keep the awesome comments coming!
@chris profile images for backer of this ks xd --> see greatlich profile picture and u know hes backing labyrinths ks, so we need some profile pictures for sotlt too
@rad what haven't you seen yet? (must have missed a comment!)
@christian good call havent seen it yet that will help with more exposure
that means the minis are compatible with sob xp
@richard spas, the figures are between 32mm and 40mm for the characters .. and the monsters will vary from 40mm and up some 60mm and potentially more depending on the monster!!!  thanks for the great question!!!
if those figures are made, what scale are you looking at?  28mm?  32mm?  1/48? i love the look of this game already!
awesome! can we also get some profile images?
@christian  we are definitely looking into getting a pre-painted mini option... no guarantees yet... but it is certainly something i also really love and would love to have for all of you as well! we are certainly also looking into special deluxe figures too!  thanks for the great question! :)
is there going to be any optional deluxe figures or painted minis?  i know others like painting but heroscape spoiled me and i'd love pre-painted minis.
@tom thanks for the great questions!!!
hey guys just posted an update with a price and pledge comparison... that should help... about fortune hunter... that will (when we hit the stretch goal)  include core game character minis...  monster minis are separate add ons after the stretch goals are hit!
yep but its 80 bucks more and im pretty sucked out due to bgg charity and other ks - can we upgrade after the ks ends ?
also doesn't come with minis and the bonus items for glory seeker
@ tom  the fortune hunter doesn't come with the trap and tiles expansion and dice
50% funded in 2 days !  very nice !
looks awesome just had to back :  question im currently at fortune hunter - this should give me everthingexcept the tiles and minis correct? if i wanted that i would have to go for glory seeker
also, just popped in my mind. will there be a collection box for glory seeker so they can put everything neatly in the box? sotlt themed card sleeves also maybe? :d
@maken x - once again you have read our minds :) should be posted tomorrow.
the new addition sounds pretty cool and exciting. with so many more things to come, i'd like to suggest a compare table to show how many things are included in glory seeker to attract potential backers to raise their pledge to get the best value. just my 2c. ;)
@greatlich as promised! yes it's here!!! let's keep exploring! jump in the vault!!! the more backers the more we can haul out of the vault! lets do this!!!  you guys are the best!
@jdadams1 thank you very much! we can't do it without you!!!
the vault has arrived! glory seekers have been rewarded! great !
thanks for the very thorough responses. sincerely, your newest glory seeker
right !!! everyone goes crazy in that 10 mins...but that captures some excitement in escaping a tomb full of traps and riddles...just like indy !
@greatlich  yes indeed! i have played it! it's a very crazy and sorta stressful game lol! you really gotta roll those dice and unlock em etc... pretty funny!
the only tomb raiding game i have played so far is escape....anyone played it?
riddles!! i hope it's a true worded riddle, or riddles with math. not just find red key to open blue door silly things. :d
@eeg thanks a lot for your hard work...traps are certainly something that keeps tomb amazing....it would be great if there are riddles as well....: p
@makenx - yes we are ;) and this feedback makes it all worth it!
@greatlich we love the four horsemen!!! (i actually just watched an episode of sleepy hollow while working :p)  that adventure script certainly one of my favs!
@maken x thank you sir! we are updating it as we speak to a more kickstarter feel! :) glad you enjoyed it! :)
@greatlich yes! we are working on doing crazy traps! :) we will see if we can squeeze it in! :p
i love that four horseman of the apocalypse...a few days ago people were yelling at sob ks about them...
@eeg chris - just had a look at your website. it seems your art director is working very hard. :p
@eeg - it's great to have more eb glory seekers.  we are moving fast now...it would be great if you can really have a huge boulder in the game......lol
@ rmk - hey !  great to have you here !!!
also... just wanted to say... we got 113 backers!!! lucky 113!!!! .. "every 113 years..." haha! thanks so much! you're the best backers in the world!  (now we need another 113 .. the next coming of the gorgon's head comet and the tomb!!!) lets get in that tomb and get this adventure rolling like a huge boulder!!!  :)
@jdadams1   i hope that helps!!! thanks again for the great questions!
@jdadams1  excellent questions! i preface with this is an extremely exciting point for me so i am going to put this in the actual faq of the kickstarter because it’s rather long for comments section! but i’ll also copy here for your convenience! replayability and versatility are one of our main focus points of the game design for our game system... just to give you an idea... each scenario script is broken up in to "scenes" which are those boxes in the example pictures in the adventure packs that you see... the game comes with a deck of "objective cards" which will be randomly shuffled and then dealt out on top of those locations... each objective card gives a specific set of requirements needed to complete... such as... "explore 5 rooms on level 2" ... or "defeat 3 monsters on level 1 and search 1 red room" these objectives, when completed are removed from the scenario card and hidden beneath is the flavor text and story progression that you read aloud after completing it. depending on the scenario script you will have a different number of objectives, different order in which they're to be completed, and different scene set-up each time... additionally, each script is double sided! there is a normal difficulty and a hard difficulty which will have some variation in time of gameplay, amount of objectives, some story points might differ, as well as the overall difficulty and pacing of the game. also, most tomb monsters are randomized in a card-based system, so when you’re exploring, or when a tomb card spawns a new monster, you never know what you’re going to get! another thing, when you're exploring the tomb, every tile is random (except the starting tiles that are always there from set-up) also, some special story cards (adventure/misadventure cards) have “secret quests” sort of a side quest on the back that you will acquire while playing the game… these side quests help mix it up a bit while accomplishing the main story… you can sort of go off the main path “if you dare!” and try to acquire some big bonuses and rewards by defeating extra monsters… searching rooms… etc…  and the characters! each character is very diverse! trying the game with different characters is going to make a big change in the strategy (depending on players etc…) you will see a lot of this and more in the gameplay video, which we want to have up here this weekend (asap!) last but not least… we’ve created some new modes of play and also have some new modes, which we’d like to add with our stretch goals, which will help give the game some new directions to go in… we have an optional competitive mode currently that is played off of a point based achievement system…  and some other very interesting other competitive modes that will really add much more replay-ability and diversity to the game!
@jdadams - yes the game will change each time you play. tiles,  events, monsters etc will be different each time. extreme replayability!! we are in the process of updating the game play video. stay tuned... more of the secrets of the lost tomb universe will be revealed shortly.
very intrigued, but i would like to know more about gameplay. in particular, can you talk about replayability? i know there are many scripts, but is there much replayability if you were to replay the same script? for instance, is the setup of the tomb random every time? are events and enemies based on random card draws?
its official - 112 backers and $20,000 in the 1st 24 hours! we have been tiredlessly working to bring this game to life, thanks to your support, we are rejuvinated and excited to share even more of our dream with you! we are confident this project will be funded, and as one of the 1st comments stated... only question is how many stretch goals will be reached? so look forward to more announcements and tell your friends - "the tomb awaits"
@holly - spot on! we feel the same way!!
this game looks really cool.  i love the "serial" adventure type games, but many don't really give you a nice depth to the game.  i like the "betrayal on house on the hill" type ever-changing story.  i can't wait.
@christian villarreal - you honor us with that statement! we have a lot of respect for those games and hope to one day hold rank amongst them.
nice, earlier, than sob :)
may 2014
hi, guys. i'm already made a pledge, but can not find any info about estimate date of shipping our boxes. am i blind?)) sorry for my english, have not practice at all)
@manticor they said eu shipping is a fact
this game needs to be funded today...this game could potentially dethrone both arkham and fang for me...
@epic: do you have plans for shipping from within the eu as so many other ks creators do? this will draw a lot of attention from here for sure!
and that last update just got me to raise my pledge to glory seeker, and got us over $20,000. can't wait to see the vault of perseus!!
@eeg - chris maybe you can make a pledge reward table, showing the content breakdown for different tiers.
1st intorductions - for those that see my posts i was the lead art director and co-designer for the secrets of the lost tomb project. now that you know who i am... wow, these comments and feedback are great. thank you all for your support. i am humbled and recharged. can't wait to share with all of you all the great content that we will be revealing during the kickstarted journey!
@john wrot: upon actually showing her the kickstarter page instead of just saying "hey i pledged to another kickstarter" she has been convinced and we are now backing for a full game. it looks great! @chris: no worries, i got your back
@sean and sixpence  thanks for watching my back... the tomb really can just swallow you up sometimes... you never know when you might ... fallll!  lol... such a weird glitch though... i emailed kickstarter to check into in just in case... i re-uploaded those pics manually to get them back to normal.  again.. thanks for the heads up sean!
@john wrot: the king's armory looks really cool. i backed it for $50, but then my fiance was all "hey didn't we just have a conversation about how much we can afford to spend on kickstarter" and i had to lower my pledge :( i really want to play it, though. i want to arrange some game nights with chris and anyone else awesome in the nj/nyc area at some point, so if you live around there (which you do, right?) maybe we can play it then and she'll like it enough to get a retail copy. she's mad about boardgames as well, so it shouldn't be too hard to convince her.
everything seems back to normal, but it's possibly just a ruse by the tomb to lure us into a false sense of security. best to stay wary.
it's back to normal for me. for a moment it was showing a weird text image as the main image, but i refreshed and now it's the picture of the box.
hey all! that was a really weird glitch.. i did an update on the page and it changed my profile picture and the project main picture! please let me know if you see anything else weird or out of place! thank you!!!
should be fixed now... but my creator pic is now the same too! weird!!! must be the power of the tomb!!!!
@ sean that is so weird!!! thanks ... i'm trying to figure it out now!
hey guys, just a heads up, the main project picture just looks like a big wall of text.
wow ! last two glory seekers...they are gone fast.....
@greatlich thank you very much! we will continue to work as hard as we can for all of you! it's all about you ... the best backers in the world! :) thanks so much for all of your support! we can't do this without you!
@ eeg - i can see you guys are well prepared !!!
thank you!
wow !  only 6 eb glory seeker left !!!
@rad @jdadams1   indeed! it is a cooperative game with its main story coop mode! we also have some other additional competitive modes of play that work a bit differently... these things will certainly be cleared up with the videos that we are adding soon! thanks for the comments rad!
@thad i can see where you're coming from with that... the pledge level pictures show the "all 4 adventure packs" that you get in brackets... however, if you find this confusing, i will review and see if i can make it potentially more clear! thanks for your suggestions! as always, i appreciate your comment thad!
@jdadams1 i thought this is a coop game o_0
@jdadams1  thanks for the great question!  the main cooperative mode of play does not have player elimination exactly... basically, you work together to explore the tomb and complete objectives and progress through the story... there may be times when a player's character will be defeated (lose all hp) or flee the tomb (lose all courage to -10) in these cases, the player will be allowed to choose a new character from the remaining unused characters and enter the tomb to continue playing with their allies! if at any time there are no characters remaining...or if the comet has reached the end point and the plot twist has triggered... then and only then will a player be completely eliminated (usually in the final fight at the end of the game). there are lots of items and abilities that help heal characters and even potentially resurrect them!  thanks for the great question!!!
pledge levels and main page have confusing descriptions. main page lists outdoor tile pack also as adventure pack 5, but many pledge levels list "all four adventure packs".
@tahd the journey to the tomb is an outdoor special oversized large tile that you can travel on (as a game additional option) from the sea-plane to the tomb... with special unique outdoor events, encounters, and "monsters" ( things you'd find in a jungle and more!) on the way... you might find useful items, or perhaps a huge tiger! ... you never know what you might come across!!!
@everything epic games, backed at $1 so i can get alerts and leave comments. considering backing for more, but i am a bit leery about player elimination, as that is usually a dealbreaker for me on games. can you talk a little bit more about if/how players are eliminated from the game? thanks!
is journey to the tomb outdoor tile pack?
@tahd other add ons included.
also everyone... we've received some feedback that some people could not hear sound on the main video! we've updated it! please let me know if there's any more audio/video issues! thanks!!!!
@creator ok, not adding another core game, but other add-ons.
the "last comment" was also @sean russell   thank you all for your comments and questions! they are very helpful! :) lets keep it going! you're the greatest!
@thad in regard to "extra stuff mentioned" - the extras are going to be added very soon and they will be added to the special glory seeker add-on section... separate from stretch goals... this will all make sense very soon once it's added... sorry for the delay! but it will be worth the wait!!!
@thad and others re: shipping. we are currently only adding $15 for int. backers for " additional core game add-on" only. (because of size and weight) this is now added to the bottom of the add-on list.
@greatlich i have backed plenty of projects. there are just some unclear items in this project, "maybe extra shipping costs, maybe not" "there will be extra stuff in glory seeker" (but description for lower goals say that all stretch goals are included).
i think once people drop from the shady hq ks they will eventually come here and we will get the ball rolling for this one
@sean yep true that but i thought u were talkin about some kind of addons credit or something
@sean - no problem...only 8 glory seeker left...it is always wise to grab first talk later...lol
@rad heh, if you reread my post you basically repeated what i said. @greatlich thanks for the heads up. i will stay where i am to see what happens. i like the idea here. the art design has a smersh feel, which is great.
@tahd - most people will pledge eb as soon as they can...this is a long project...you have enough time to make changes...it is very common that people jumps between pledge levels...
@sean also eeg also said that there will be extra items for glory seekers level later
@tahd you can pledge an eb now and change later if you change your mind.
@sean if we dont hit the sg for mini the difference between glory seeker and fortune hunter would be 10 traps, 20 tiles and 8 dices
@tahd if ur not planning to get more than 1 core box then i dont think its gonna be a problem with shipping and if u do want more u can do that later on with the pledge manager and it would probably recalculate your shipping too, at least thats my experience with bones
quick question here. i am currently in at glory seeker, but if we don't hit the minis stretch, does that mean that the glory seeker is basically the fortune hunter with $48 in add ons? i just wouldn't want to pay more than i have to in order to get everything.
so what does it mean? i would expect to be to pledge now and get what i pledged without coming back here to more money on shipping. there are not going to be ebs left to change pledge level at the end of campaign either.
@rad thank you so much!!! we can't do this without all of you wonderful backers! you're all the best!!!  :)
nice looking forward to the gameplay vids thanx, btw shared the homepage on fb for more exposure
@thad  we're doing everything in our power to keep shipping prices for our international backers as low as possible! there's a lot of content going into this game ... it's going to be jam packed with goodies! we're working hard to make sure that we keep these shipping costs down and the content that you all get up! thanks again thad for your comments and observations! :)
@rad yes! there is a plan for both! :) rules and gameplay vid... our hope is to have the gameplay vid up this weekend... we want to show you a good amount of turns, combat, basically "how to play" and how it feels to play the game! we want to make this video user friendly and easy  to watch! we're working very hard to get this to you all asap!
complex... most ks don't do that.
@tahd if its a core game add ons prbably u will get additional shipping cost especially outside us
tomb raider in $25, fortune hunter (and higher) $40 to ship. will there be increases based on add-ons for tomb raider?
is there a plan for gameplay vid? or at least game rules?
hey all! we broke $13,000! lucky 13!!! now let's get to $113,000! :) "...every 113 years..." :)
@thad thank you for your observations! i will make a faq addition today to make that more clearly stated. we are mostly concerned about core game purchases understandably because of the weight and size of the game. once again, thanks for the comment tahd!
@creator that shipping does affect the pledge. if that information is only available later on, and it would have made sense to select higher reward level, then it's annoying that have missed an eb level. just decide if there is going to be extra and put info on the front page now.
@john wrot! thank you very much sir!!!
@thad inskepp yes! we are adding a special glory seeker stretch goal zone for that special pledge level!  also in regard to shipping... depending on the base level of your pledge... and the add ons you choose there might be additional shipping if outside the us.  for instance if you add on 1 core game and 3 adventure packs and your original pledge is "the adventurer"  we may add on a small amount of extra shipping depending on your worldwide location. this is tbd depending on location and amount of add ons. thank you so much for your questions!!!
@rad yes indeed! the eu shipping is included in the pledge that you've selected! we will be shipping from within the eu and other worldwide locations to help keep the shipping costs down!
"natural 20 on d4" ...hysterical! : p
a good first day, my friends.  this is john of the king's armory.  we've got 44 hours left, come check us out if you got the chance. jim, the guy 2nd guy to show up in the video, is my dearest of friends.  it's an honor to have already sent so many people his way. and thanks to all our backers for mentioning us here. sixpence, what did you think of tka? looking forward to that gameplay video! and i love the art.  medusa is flawless.
note that lower pledge levels include all stretch goals according to descriptions.
from my understanding...no
are there extra shipping costs if add-ons are added?
btw i do hope that there will be 3d terrain or item to enhance gameplay...such as traps in indy 1 !
so...grab an eb glory seeker while some slots are still available to save $25
i think it has been explained in a comment below...they are going to add more stuffs to that level
can someone explain what's the point of glory seeker when adding missing add-ons to lower pledge is cheaper?
this is a great start to the campaign! i can't wait to see what it's like when i wake up tomorrow. i found out about this from a demo at metatopia, where's everybody else coming from? a bunch of you are apparently coming from the king's armory, which i am now going to google (good job crosspromoting there)
is there eu shipping?
hey, sent here by the king's armory also.  looks like this should be a fun game!
@greatlich  the glory seeker is designed to be of a high value with tons of goodies where you basically get it all in one... but the package is designed to just get better! (we have some special surprise stretch goals that will effect the levels... especially content in the glory seeker pledge level .... we are adding those to the stretch tier soon!)  thanks for the questions! :)
@diana thanks so much! we love the king's armory! :) thanks for backing!
i just found out about your project from the king's armory kickstarter. this looks super cool!
what if we are unable to unlock the minis? what will the glory seeker get instead?
that would be cool...
@greatlich  no... those are just examples for the pledge levels...  there will be special unique  traps for the trap pack and extended tomb pack... those are just to show quantity and give backers an idea of what you're getting :)  thanks for the questions!!!
are the deadly trap and extended map packs duplicate of those tiles in the core game?
@greatlich thank you so much! we will not disappoint! demo coming video very soon!!!
another glory seeker here !  i am a huge fan of indy and laura...that's why i am here...hope you won't disappoint me...i am looking forward to seeing the game demo video...good luck on your journey !
@brett hertzberger : the miniatures are unlocked with the stretch goals! glory seeker comes with all miniatures (character and boss monster) other goals will get character minis only. when we hit the stretch goals we then be able to manufacture the miniatures!
@s2 adventurers thank you so much!!!
does the glory seeker pledge come with the minis regardless of stretch goal achievement?
good luck guys!
thank you matt!!!  looking forward to gaming with you again very soon!
chris does an impressive job of running a table, getting new players up to speed, and keeping games interesting. i'm looking forward to seeing how this game turns out.
glad to hear the option to have prepainted minis is being considered. i hope this will be available. look forward to seeing the gameplay videos. this ks to me is a well thought out project atm.
just hit 13 backers...  lucky 13 now for 113! :)
@maken x we are currently looking in to the pre painted miniatures as an additional option and we will update as soon as we know!!! we love painted minis too!
will the boss minis be painted? an option maybe?
indeed! @ninjace production studios!
we finally launched! the dream is becoming a reality!!
yes indeed... was very excited to see @brian with his first comment! and ultra excited to see your first pledge! thank you so much for your support @sixpence games!!!
you may have first comment, but i have first pledge! i'm really looking forward to this. good luck with the campaign! i'm very confident it will succeed, the question to me is which stretch goals will you meet.
yeah! first comment! woo hoo!!!
looks awesome! can't wait
