john, you are just too good to me!  the new lb arrived in today's mail.  thank you.
@tom gray - sending you a new lb with the better attachment improvement. tell us how you like it.
well, another one bit the dust.  fell off my bike when i came off a curb, was run over by a car before i could recover it.  light is great, attachment method not so much.
@tom gray - it arrived yesterday and the new version will ship tomorrow!!! happy holidays.
mailed in my v1, looking forward to receiving the v2. merry christmas to john & ej and family
@creator, do you have tracking number?
@rl - and the rest of the international recipients, your packages have been shipped. they said it could take up to two weeks to receive. the us ones were mailed the day before we mailed yours and some people have already received them. we ask for patience - fulfillment is almost complete!!!! yay!
how to check my shipment? i didnt receive any email or tracking number.
@john that did it. i suspect it was the clips not making contact. it's now operating! thanks for the clarification.
thank you for your report. i think we can get you going pretty quick, as there are four details to be aware of that might interfere with it waking up. please check all four items carefully to see if your problem is fixed. 1. the battery clips occasionally need to be bent in slightly to make contact. i did check each lucidbrake as we packaged them, to make sure they were fully operational, so i kind of doubt this is the problem. 2. the lucidbrake goes to sleep when facing up or down. so, if it's sitting on a desk or shelf it won't come on, it needs to be facing the horizon, such as when mounted on your bike and in use. even a temporary movement to face up or down can reset the sleep timing. 3. when you insert the batteries, and face it towards the horizon, it wakes up in 45 seconds. from then on it will wake in a shorter time, although it can take up to 45 seconds. 4. there are four unique orientation modes of operation, in one mode, even though the unit is awake, it does not blink at all. when braking is detected it will light up.  with the cover off your lucidbrake, look for the "lucidlights" logo printed along one edge. rotate to have this logo at the top edge and you will see a blinking pattern when it wakes. rotate 90 degrees at a time to see the other modes, including the non-blinking mode. i hope this helps! my guess is it will, but if you continue to have any problems let me know and we'll make it right.
thank you for your report. i think we can get you going pretty quick, as there are four details to be aware of that might interfere with it waking up. please check all four items carefully to see if your problem is fixed. 1. the battery clips occasionally need to be bent in slightly to make contact. i did check each lucidbrake as we packaged them, to make sure they were fully operational, so i kind of doubt this is the problem. 2. the lucidbrake goes to sleep when facing up or down. so, if it's sitting on a desk or shelf it won't come on, it needs to be facing the horizon, such as when mounted on your bike and in use. even a temporary movement to face up or down can reset the sleep timing. 3. when you insert the batteries, and face it towards the horizon, it wakes up in 45 seconds. from then on it will wake in a shorter time, although it can take up to 45 seconds. 4. there are four unique orientation modes of operation, in one mode, even though the unit is awake, it does not blink at all. when braking is detected it will light up.  with the cover off your lucidbrake, look for the "lucidlights" logo printed along one edge. rotate to have this logo at the top edge and you will see a blinking pattern when it wakes. rotate 90 degrees at a time to see the other modes, including the non-blinking mode. i hope this helps! my guess is it will, but if you continue to have any problems let me know and we'll make it right.
(and yes the batteries are installed properly)
i've received my lucid brake but unfortunately it isn't functioning. i've installed 2 new aaa batteries and waiting several minutes for it to "warm up" without the leds lighting up. were these tested before being shipped?
i received my lucidbrake 2.0 today via us mail - yay! the packaging is simple, but effective and looks nice. will you be sending out replacements to the lucidbrake 1.0 backers shortly as well? my 1.0 was destroyed when the dual lock fastener failed and it fell off (it also never had a cover).
early bird backer #11, not sure i am a lucky one within 62/193 or not, but happy to hear you starting delivery. will you have tracking number?
if anyone is worried that i don't have their current address - please e-mail at john@lucidbrake.com and i will update my records. the first couple of surveys went out about a month ago, and the rest went out a couple of days ago. but if you're worried, please just email us directly. we'll make sure you get you lucidbrake!
i didn't receive the confirming email.
want to rave about the terrific customer service i've received from lucidbrake.  my issue was promptly addressed.  thanks again, john.
woohoo! got the email with the link for confirming my address.  delivery can't be far off.
@creator, any update for the production? will deliver 2.0 on early august?
@creator hi there,  i was wondering how things were going.  you last update was the 18 may i think.  as this is the projected delivery month, i'd like to know how things are progressing.  thanks!
glad you made it this round!   looking forward to receiving your kindly offered replacement of my dead lucidbrake v1, and to my new lucidbrake v2.
nice to see that you have added the solder pads for external power. i would like to add a small solar panel that would serve to keep the rechargeable aaa batteries in the unit topped off. will the power circuitry support that configuration?
i wish you continued success! can you please consider adding an air-gap based sealed power switch so we can determine when to shut off power to the unit when it is not needed (e.g. when it is in a car traveling to a trailhead).
edward, on the new lucidbrake 2.0 board i added two new solder pads specifically to aid those who'd like to supply their own power source. the circuitry pumps the input voltage up to meet the needs of the led driver and then back down for other components, so a fairly wide range of input voltages can work, anything from about 2v up to about 7 or 8. somewhere around 9 volts my test board started to leak out the stored up smoke, so anything in the 3 to 6 volt range should work great. a 7805 5v regulator chip could easily be added to drop 12v to a workable voltage for example.  a 6 volt source should work directly, as does 3 volts of course.
john, excellent work in selecting mosfets and their family of controllers! any chance there may be a future for a [3mm] receptacle for a plugin battery? i'm thinking a li polymer add-on (at my expense would provide even longer run time.  thanx for your great and continued work on your breakthrough product.  i am waiting with baited breath for my first two lucidbrake lights.
that's great, thanks :)
hi rl, lucidbrake 2.0 cover face is 2 inches across, or a bit more than 5 cm, so a 4 cm stick-on reflector should work great!  here's a picture of the cover so you can see the size... http://lucidbrake.com/coverdiameter.php
@creator, herewith the link for your reference http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bicycle_lighting#legal_requirements i think if lucidbrake 2.0 with this function is better than nothing for someone who need at their country. for me, i just fixed lucidbrake 2.0 with reflector and dont need to fixed another red reflector panel.
rl - good to know. easy issue to solve. thanks for posting. is that true for more countries than hong kong - do you know?
@creator, in my country, we need a red reflector at the rear of bicycle, please add a red reflector on the face of the lucidbrake 2.0
