thank you everyone who supported this project!  with your help, we met and exceeded the goal. we'll be in touch soon to get all rewards to everyone!
with less than 60 minutes to go, our ww3 anthology has 369 backers and we raised 18k. thank you all.
check out ww3 cartoonist fly's performance in this rock video http://www.youtube.com/watch…
thank you everyone for helping us meet and pass our goal! please continue to support this project. any amount is very appreciated and helps get the art in the anthology out in the world.
i know i'm missing somebody (or more,) but thank you to everybody all around the world from canada to russia to japan to australia to brazil to china to germany to tennessee and all the beautiful places and countries in between who pushed this project past 15k: thank you & tell a friend or two: meg lemke cedric howe josh jennifer day veronica matt keeley ironspike david mcguire laura dobbins erin polgreen aaron j. peterson james molly campbell beverly naidus william ayers james turnbull mira bartok mark robison toby shimin zach roberts katherine gressel jeff lewis tamara l. smith charles dee mitchell karen green shean mohammed brad kik stavit allweis christopher cao colby gutierrez-kraybill dave lartigue brett schenker david whitmer luke crane ellen abramowitz kevin pyle isabella bannerman dave dicamillo barron storey meesh rheault miller r. sikoryak paul vandecarr ray cornwall jan zuppinger dave loewenstein tony isabella ian.kipp.hagemann jesse drew davis dave forest ken eppstein rickie solinger paul van dijken maxine phillips terence cannon lisa dipetto john vaillant helen linda scott gilbert daniella gitlin craig wiesner william k burke stansbury bill kraut leonard rifas ben ehrlich jeffrey grill pang peow yeong leif hunneman gary scott beatty sarah weissman steven englander katy homans robert boyd sandra cheng merrilee warholak brooke devine mike romeo christina jenkins guy thomas stacey svetlichnaya ryan visteen nick jehlen michael rice john devenny jonathan r freed murmur w collector's shangri-la sean michael wilson hirosaki-shibenjamin fasching-gray andrew smith amy sananman nick thorkelson eric brelsford dean westerfield nick sousanis glen ivey tom klem phil josselyn gabriel romeu nina drooker komainu jay cassano daniel neely zvi gilbert john oloruntoba coscus melissa lucarelli carol tilley christine winston smith jed teres woods stricklin john mcdaid bill jessica abel jennifer camper katie yamasaki martha thomases gregory sholette isaac shapira reagan short joe matunis joseph esposito margo levine robert biskin harmony chapman ftn maira sutton agostino damiano toni lincoln cushing nick allott sandy jimenez failx john l clarke iii jack laughner cattie sean coll omar el oakley saffron walden dan bailey mike delisa z sebastian steeb m ezzeddine kathie frazier carol fabricatore kyle bailey sarah braun leo espinosa james cowan christopher james lorne rachel law & mckenzie wark jeremy richard wolfe rebecca fullan jerolyn crute sackman kevin fullen sid sondergard finn newick alex barber aaron king stanford siver nm guiniling pat wozniak carel fransen kevin johnson jr. samuel boischatel simon tyler camberwell christopher orman brandon reed christopher faux o'connor madpanic ann ed meade araselle vivenza daonne huff fabrizio laurenti bill braine kurt hoss jordan worley jeanne oconnell deirdre barrett miguel arrazola ruth lingford kristie dahlia joel jonientz randy wood waller hastings jonathan finn-gamino taylor broom ciaran omalley anita pomerance nicodemus lopez tomasz sajewicz assaf libster gamzou james mason dan taylor duane mcmullen gregory benton patrick o'hara mark andersen & ralph heibutzki matt wellsted rita pincaro shane patrick boyle gully savant craig slawson andrew singer sue wolpert tim senft dke toys tamisha andre kaiserslautern keith sklar t motley jonathan jon-lapin berube joachim walewski antonio neri licón meredith winters richard hill ross ford paul appell ashima bawa sam bradd robert richburg laurie mittelmann george mcneely cng holly mitie taketani eric william kloos jim rasenberger anthony reyna cb webb tobias policha hannah mizar sarah shai keidar greg moutafis nik nova + jacy nova darrick jonathan rotsztain sabrina jones joseph morris braettie crumbelina gee ed barton rohan sinha jeff hemmer ms hekate jd brode erin moberg john g. miller simon doucet eleazar castillo abhijit bossotto yoonmee chang katie miller anna molnar raquel shapira steve ross seth tobocman robert dickerson elizabeth kastor hòa châu lâm jane goldberg joshua sloan kate mcgreevy melissa jameson daniel digia hans mizrat ralph warnick sara brodzinsky ken heitner gordif ellen garcia seth kreimer fred worley ralf kauranen roger aplon n. c. christopher couch al jaffee carlos espinosa jennifer heath halina marki thomas orr doris berger charles frederick dominic mauro brad collins emily russell craig o'hara mike leo jeff peter robson tom kroon jason hochwender chris motil janet kirker doyle stevick beatrice thebault llewellyn tang lucas doran sarah d harbin mike maher barbara lea bob hayes richard dominguez paul matthias leitner cristina dinozo peter kuper john monaghan williams heather telo frances r worthy abby hope skinner
huge thank you to all the backers and everyone who have helped us meet our goal of $15,000. we can’t thank you enough for your support. we now have some stretch goals to help get the anthology and these ideas into as many hands as possible.  to help, we've just added more original artwork and rewards, including individual issues of ww3 magazine and a combo-pack of 3 issues with english translations of amazing arab language comics.  check them out and let's keep it rolling!
salutes to everyone who helped us reach our goal to publish the anthology. all support from here will go towards getting the book and ww3 out into the world. a million thanks!
thanks to everyone who came to sva last night, and thanks to the school of visual arts for hosting us. it was a magical evening of stories, love, and people power! @ww3illustrated
thanks!
thank you! and if you're in nyc come to sva (school of visual arts) this tue feb 25 to hear live comic book readings from ww3 artists in this anthology!
new comic strip about my mom http://worldwar3illustrated.tumblr.com/post/77403079831/from-the-new-issue-of-world-war-3-illustrated
many thanks jack laughner, sean michael wilson, andrew singer and all the other (over 150!) backers on the project!!!! keep spreading the word!
thanks to all our backers!
over halfway to our goal, thank you all.
check out this comicstrip about my dad from the latest ww3 http://worldwar3illustrated.tumblr.com/
thanks meg lemke! thanks cedric howe! thanks everybody!
almost at 8k! hooray!!!!
thank you to everyone so far. keep it going! and thanks to andy singer.  your comics rock, and are an inspiration to tons of comic artists today! http://www.andysinger.com/
i pledged! good luck with it. i probably would not be drawing comics today were it not for ww3 ...and i wouldn't have discovered ww3 if seth hadn't spray painted some of the stencils of "you don't have to fuck people over to survive" in the basement of a house in ithaca, new york back in the mid 1980s. a guy in the house leant me a couple early issues. life is full of amazing coincidences. you all make great great stuff!!!!  andy singer
whoa! $6,800 in 5 days! check out the update for new amazing pieces by steven brodner and sue coe, more issues of world war 3 illustrated magazine, and the chance to get the anthology with most original and limited pieces by ww3 artists!
143 backers! thank you to each and every one of you. paula
while you're at it check out the release event for our latest issue.thanks for supporting the anthology. https://www.facebook.com/events/647985925259442/…
thank you karen green!
thanks to all who are contributing and thanks also to pm press for introducing us to kickstarter.
thanks sean!
great stuff, i just pledged - go radical comics!
interview with peter kuper http://thetwopagespread.tumblr.com/post/76743627543/interview-peter-kuper-world-war-3-illustrated
congratulations to the ww3 team and their project! here's to all the work they do for the magazine and the spirit of liberty they carry!  they were also the first to publish my work.  good luck! jack laughner
thanks for all your support. i would particularly like to thank experienced activists scott crow, david powell and tom keefer for their involvement.
123 backers. thank you!
happy valentine's day to all comic book artists every where. buy this project a valentine... support it.
all power to the imagination!
thanks all, 82 backers! it means a lot to all of us.
thank you to all the backers so far!  we're blown away by the support. let's keep it going!
3.5 more decades!
after 45 issues paid for with blood, sweat and tears thanks for helping make this one pay for itself!
excellent progress!! 54 backers thank you so much!
we're off to a great start! thanks everybody!
yeaaaaah! keep it going!
