hey bee! people have been making lots of great things with inkodye, take a look at some of the pictures on pinterest and facebook: http://pinterest.com/lumihq/inkodye-in-the-wild/ https://www.facebook.com/lumihq
hey guys, did anyone actually use his or her dye already and has links up for posts showing the results? i didn't use my colors yet.
hmm...says shipped...will check it out
did this kickstarter project already ship?  i haven't gotten anything.  thanks!
were the 16oz inkodye's only for kickstarter? can't seem to find it on the store :( was hoping to get more when i visit california
android is still in the plans, but the next version of our ios app will come first. in the meantime there are free web-based tools such as pixlr.com that can be used to generate negatives. thanks for your patience!
was an android version of the app ever released?  if not, is it still planned??
got it a few days ago - what a huge package ! :) but no customs so that was great - will try it out as soon as there will be some sunlight+a laser printer around!
hi daniela - we will send you a direct message :)
i have been informed a month ago that i will receive the packet but i have not gotten anything . i live in hawaii and was waiting for it in the mail ! please check if you can figure out what happened ! thank you much
hi pat, according to kickstarter you chose to pledge for "no reward". we'll get that sorted out with you, check your kickstarter messages :)
where is my lumi kit?  shouldn't it be here by now - i'm in usa too
mine arrived yesterday in the hague :) i am sure you said it somewhere, but do i have to wait until spring/summer until i can try it or does the winter sun work too in cold northern europe?
of course, albin - brittany will email you directly :)
hi, my kit arrived yesterday and i had the exact same problem remy had.... it looks like the top was not tightened enough. can you send a replacement ? thanks you !
rémy, what a bummer! we'll be in touch with you directly to send a replacement.
hi lumi, my lumi's starter kit is arrived to lille in france but we have a problem :/ the bottle of detergent opened in the package and it has flooded the box. i can upload photos if you want. what should i do? rémy
hi, just wanted to let you know that my kit arrived yesterday on this side of the ocean(netherlands) in good order! can't wait to try it! thank you so much!
thanks steffen, we understand your frustration! we take shipping costs very seriously and are working with international partners to bring our products to europe and other parts of the world in 2013. if you enjoy working with inkodye, we hope to have more affordable shipping options for you next time. good luck with your projects, we can't wait to see what you create!
hi lumi, thanks for the replay. i do not doubt that you look into and found the cheapest way to send. i was just general frustrered over the extra money, and perhaps i directed my frustration wrong. the reason for suggestion ups, was that i talked with a guy from ups in denmark that told me they did not send everything through customs. but yeah, it would be very nice if international shipping were cheaper. really looking forward to getting the product, even though it is winter in denmark and not much sun, so i guess it will be a while before i can fully play around with your amazing product, i have a lot of plans for it.....
hi steffen, we weighed all our options carefully and this was the least expensive option available. had we used ups, you would have still paid import duties in addition to a much higher shipping cost. we wish international shipping could be cheaper, but these are the costs unfortunately.
duncan: yeah that could be. but then i need some documentation that it is a gift, should that come from lumi or kickstarter? i think it would be nice if kickstarter could do some research regarding shipping internationally, so the project could get some help and know exactly what the shipping is going to cost.
steffen - technically i think it's a gift as the payment to kickstarter doesn't guarantee anything, it's just a pledge to fund a project.  of course how customs treats that is up to them.
so, not that impressed with your shipping method as usps uses the national postal service in my country, and they report everything to customs. so got a letter yesterday, that i needed to send them a receipt, since that was not declared in the package, so i think this will set me back around $50. so all in all, it will cost me $75 to get my $100 pledge.... i had hoped you would have used ups or some large shipping company like that.....
just recieved my lumi kit this morning. time to make malaysia colourful :d thanks guys :d
can't wait to see what you create :)
woo hoo :) so excited to see my tracking number has said my package just cleared swiss customs. thats not bad considering it was just shipped 5 days ago. it should be with me tomorrow. so excited to start creating!
alright, super duper! thanks for the quick response.
hi liam, you received a package with (20) films as well as a special kicsktarter backer package of (20) films and some extra goodies, for a total of (40) films. thanks!
hey. i've got my email to see it's been shipped, which is good as i'm really looking forward to trying it! however, i pledged at the $130 level and the email says i've only got 1 pack of 20 copier films when i should be getting 40?
woohoo!!!
hi ashley & jake! you should be receiving a confirmation email very soon - either today or tomorrow :) both of your rewards are being fulfilled as we type!!
i'd also like an update regarding shipping to canada.  thanks.
hi!  still waiting patiently for my reward!  you'll be shipping it soon right! it's been a really long wait! hope to see it soon (:
hi mike, jaemeel & soohan! your rewards are being processed through our fulfillment center as we speak! you will receive your confirmation email within the next few days - thanks for your patience!
mike, i'm from canada as well and i have not received any email confirmation of shipping.
have you been shipping to canada yet?
hey lumi, has the shipment started to be sent to singapore? i'm still patiently waiting for mine. :)
good news folks! all the remaining rewards will be going out this week. thank you so much for your patience. keep an eye on your email inbox for the shipping confirmation :)
huh?  http://www.babelfish.com/
lumi why to mid-october have not arrived yet? not on a refund! clearly said that in september, also now coming in november. refund.
any updates for the $200 pledgers?
do you have an update for shipping to canada?
chris, we are still in the earliest planning stages of it. we are gathering feedback from iphone users and assessing which versions of android to support. in the meantime we've made a guide that walks you through making negatives online using the pixlr.com editor http://snapguide.com/guides/make-your-own-film-negative/
how's the android app coming along?
hi, i am one of many still waiting to get my hands on the lumi kit... i know you guys had problems with international shipment.. but i saw previously a message form holland saying that he got his?! i am in portugal so i just wonder when can i get mine!?!??!?.... i just feel jealous of all of you already playing with it :-(
at the moment we do not recommend printing photographically on materials that can't be washed in a washing machine. that said, inkodye does bind very well to leather, especially leather that has been minimally finished (often called raw, naked or crust leather). that means you can use inkodye to stencil or paint designs on leather. it doesn't hurt to experiment with the photographic technique, but leather can be sensitive to heat so placing it in a hot water bath may damage or shrink it.
inkofilm can be used in the leather or leather on it? the specific use on the skin in which it? such as purses, luggage, can i?
received, immediately put walter to work. going to try orange for halloween shirts for the kids. great work lumi!
the inkofilm transparencies we provided are not designed for inkjet. you can make your own inkjet transparencies using regular film although you may need to print two and overlay them to get enough black density. screen printing shops often carry products (printers, inks, films) that can help you make darker inkjet negatives at home.
oh....and here's my kitty! http://sphotos-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-snc7/576459_4675340324170_1646941425_n.jpg
got my kit today and tried it immediately....love, love, love it! however...we really need yellow to do full color subtraction! straight black would be nice, too... great job guys, super fun and creative...i'm totally digging it! btw....can you print the transparencies on an ink jet printer? best, rob
got my kit, on a rainy weekend in virginia :( so i'll have to wait to try it out. thanks for the surprise inside!
hey guys just got my kit and i can't wait to get started, thanks guys you all are awesome!!!
just got my kit! saw the update and was so happy when i opened it to see the little surprise from lumi. i can't wait to get started!
my kit arrived in germany today, thanks a lot!
make sure you read the latest update for details on your rewards!  http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/lumi/print-on-fabric-using-sunlight-the-lumi-process/posts/315786
hi people, just wondering if the kits have shipped to the uk yet, not heard anything lately? thanks
have you shipped out all the kits? if yes, we have not received the kit as yet. thank you.
hey i was just curious if i was on the email list as i haven't got an update in a while any info on shipping for me?  i even looked at my message history. thanks
received the kit and already tried it! it's pretty amazing!!! thank for the kitty! :) xo
kit arrived for me in ca today. looks awesome cannot wait to try it out.
hi lumi, just wanted to know how the kickstarter rewards are going? the estimated delivery time was september and it seems some folks (myself included) have yet to receive a tracking email.
hi lumi, i've yet to receive my package. is there a tracking number i can use? thanks! (:
hello fellow lumi peeps, i'm wondering if anyone has favorite tips on where to get materials for dyeing. shirts seem easy to find, but quality mono-color throw pillows, i'm wondering if anyone has a favorite destination?  also, is there a process for sealing or prepping wood before using lumi dye? i have a round from a pine tree and no clue if i should sand it down or what? thanks for any and all advice - viva lumi!
hi there, when should australian's expect their orders?
gah its shipped :d cant wait!!!!
i have not received any notification of receipt mail?
apparently the netherlands is closer than virginia because i have yet to receive the delivery email for my kit.
should i have gotten a shipment notification?  never saw one...
hi :) is there to a way to check the progress on my reward? i don't mean to come across impatient ... i jut got it for my friend's birthday which is on october 1st. can't wait :)
the kit arrived for me in the netherlands today. very happy with the kit, and your quick delivery. i shall be experimenting soon =)
hi remo, thanks for the feedback! as stated in the instructions we always recommend that you start on scrap piece of fabric, before printing your final design. as for issues with negatives, are you using old celluloid negatives? if you are, we urge you to protect them by adding a layer of clear film between the dye and the negative itself. you can learn more about making/using negatives here: http://lumi.co/negatives
i got my starter kit and so far i have ruined several t shirts and 2 large format negatives! this is no way an easy process, and i am  not a novice. i follow the instructions, yet i dont get an outstanding result. im sure practice will get me there - but the worst part is ruining negatives.  it would have been great to have in the instructions that negatives get stained and ruined if you contact them directly. please consider giving a strict warning about using precious negatives.
woot! my starter kit is in the mail, so the email gods claim. :d of course - that's the one for my friend. mine is still forthcoming.
counting the minutes till i get my kit in the mail .... i hoping any day now :::::: lumi fairy gods ::::: make my wish come true
things have started going out!? *camps by mailbox*
just got my inkodye kit today! excited to play!!! thank you!
"we are writing to let you know that your order with lumi has shipped." ahhh!! so excited to get my kit!
here's the latest news: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/lumi/print-on-fabric-using-sunlight-the-lumi-process/posts/303672
can we have an update please?
the survey was sent almost a month ago.  if you are logged in when visiting the kickstarter site, there will be notifications plastered across the top of every page indicating that you have surveys waiting.  if you have already filled out the survey for a project, your response date and a link to your survey response will be located on the project page near the reward tier you pledged for.
oooh. update soon. have i mentioned yet that... i'm. so. excited!?
hi! i also haven't received any survey? really looking forward to finally trying lumi!
this month before delivery?
any latest updates ?
hi lisa, according to our records you've already filled out the survey!
hi there.  haven't received the survey yet?  can you tell me how to go about getting it.  thanks!!
we've been heads down getting everything ready as fast as we can. update coming soon :)
... e'ry day i'm shufflin... back to the computer to check the comments, just in case there's a "surprise! we got your things shipped early!" message. there hasn't been. yet. i guess it's back to camping out by the mailbox.
question, if i wanna make custom designs in photoshop. the document size needs to be 11"x17", at what dpi? 300?
i just downloaded the lumityper app to play around with before i get my kit. it makes me so much more excited for september to arrive!
so excited!!! cant wait :)
it's getting close to september!!!
yay!!!! survey complete. sooooo excited for my kits!
got my address inquiry. filled it out. am now sitting by my mailbox waiting. psyched! congrats guys...
the survey was sent just a few minutes ago to your kickstarter email!
just to be sure, has any one received the survey yet?
any latest updates ?
hi lumi creator, when will our order and mailing address be confirmed?? i remember reading in an update that 'next week we will send an important survey requesting your shipping address. promptly filling out this survey will allow us to ship the rewards as soon as possible. we currently estimate an early september ship date.' what happened to that survey?                                                                   - concerned international backer
johnny, it's best to prepare your prints in a dim environment. inkodye is not sensitive to incandescent light, it's also much less sensitive that silver-based photo emulsions, so you can apply it in a shady place as long as you work quickly. regular daylight bulbs are typically not strong enough to expose inkodye, it's better to use strong uv bulbs for that purpose.
can you use daylight bulbs to expose fabric? also whats the best environment for preparing it? what kind of light can be used?
art, inkodye works best when exposed to strong actinic light: that is the high end of the visible spectrum and uv light.
who invested money in the project by  visa virtual? what bank?
do you know what frequency of light is used?  i am in seattle so i will need to build a light box or wait for the 7 days of sunlight to use this great product. thank you.
i from russia. i can't pay 70 dollars because payment doesn't pass. i have visa of the russian bank. what's the matter? there is someone from russia to whom it was possible to pay the set by means of the russian bank card?
kathleen, the app will be available before the rewards ship. the app needs to go through the review process with apple but should be available in the first half of august.
would it be possible to get the app before the rewards ship?  i was so excited by this i went ahead and ordered ink from the website and would like to have the ability to create negatives and print, even if it is not yet on your film.  the rewards are going to be presents to my daughter and daughter in law, would like to include a t-shirt with the materials.
lumi, how europe backers send his money to you if amazon payments working with only u.s. banks ? i'm from russia and i can't make my pledge to you... i'm worry :( have you other payment instruments for backing? thank you.
can you add an extras section to your survey? (i want to buy more lumi sets but i don't get paid till this friday).... so if you could add a +$70 spot on the survey i can stall till friday and buy another. (＞人＜;)
this is why the internet is so wonderful. i backed a band i love (http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1082093041/black-moth-super-rainbow-new-album-cobra-juicy…) yesterday so they can put out their new album, and then i run across this while browsing the stuff ending soon. and it's perfect because i just started making one-of-a-kind t-shirts, and this just expands the potential (and ease of production) infinitely. thank you very much. i can't wait to get this in the mail. if all goes well with the tests i'll likely be ordering by the gallon.
congrats to the team. you ve done an amazing job. thanks for empowering people to be creative and thanks for being inspirational :) so looking forward to receive my kit. ps: what is the song title on the process explanation video ? love from france
i'm so excited to back this project! i cannot wait for my lumi kit to come. i think your company is truly amazing and i have so much respect for how much work you've put into this technology. so excited for the idea of new colors as well! lumityper for life!
lumi, i was paid $70 for early bird kit in time. i'm one of 350 backers of this kit. thnx you for answer my questions.
dimitry, the early bird kits have been sold out! the lumi printing system contains the same items, and ships for $20 to russia ($90 total). we will collect your shipping address next week. kickstarter's help section explains more of the payment process: http://www.kickstarter.com/help
i'm from russia, sorry for my english =) can i get early bird in moscow ? where i can fill shipping address? amazon payments working with russian credit cards and addresses, isn't work? money for my reward will go out in 30 july?
alliemac9, yellow is definitely one of the colors we are looking to develop. orange blends well with blue to create a sepia-like color. here is an example of the range of colors you can achieve by blending the 3 we have so far: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/lumi/print-on-fabric-using-sunlight-the-lumi-process/posts
how well does orange work as a stand in for yellow in attempting to blend colors? with blue, red and yellow we would have the three primary colors and could make any other color...is yellow on the list for development? congrats on blowing your goal out of the water!
great! thanks so much for the info and quick response. can't wait to get it.
tom, negatives made with our films are stable. if properly stored they can be used months or years after being printed.
quick question. since i just have a basic printer at home, if i go somewhere to print the negative how long will i have to transfer it onto a shirt before it won't work anymore?
61 hours! i used my math skillz and figured out that it's two and a half days! if you guys are half as excited as i am for this, that's still pretty darn excited. i know things don't ship till september or so, and that it's not a down-to-the-wire "will it be backed?" kickstart, but i feel like a kid on christmas eve, counting down.
lenny, yes it does include the starter kit. see the photo at the bottom of our project page for everything included in the $200 level.
jerry, the iphone version will come out first. we're planning an android version too. in the meantime you can certainly use tools like photoshop or pixlr.com to invert your images.
thinking of upping my backing again. just want to double check that the $200 level comes with a starter kit and the extra 16oz. bottles, correct?
will you be releasing an android app of lumityper?
timothy, the orange will appear as pale, peachy orange as you dilute it. it will not look yellow.
will the orange appear yellow if diluted enough?
i assume it's alright, and that i can indicate it later in a better way - that if i pledge $250, i can get both the $200 kit, and the $50 early-bird special that i'd signed up for to begin with. :) can't wait!
esmein, this is a really cool idea that we have not yet tested. in theory it could work, but the exposure time could be very long (1-2 days?) because so little light would be entering through the pinhole. if you get a chance to try it, we'd love to see your results!
ok, here's one for you! how about photographing directly onto a tshirt? all you would need is a crude camera obscura or a very large pinhole box... (and for portraits/bodyshots, someone who is used to posing for painters) of course the process will be longer, but it could be very cool indeed.
woo hoo bout the black dye... :d very exciting news.
thanks for the info! just upped my backing for the second time!!
lenny, we often use blanks from american apparel. if you're in europe you might also investigate continental clothing. cheers!
backer #2,945!! haha! i can't wait for my kit to arrive! this such a cool project! awesome job, everyone!
timothy & johnny, we are indeed working on developing a black inkodye. it is a challenging and costly process that is still in its early phases. the funds raised above our initial goal are going towards improving the process and creating new colors.
timothy, the dyes can be diluted and depending on the method can indeed be sprayed. you may have to experiment with several techniques to get the results you're looking for. the kits won't be available for pick up. they'll be shipped directly from our warehouse here in la.
curious, would it be possible to make a black? both to make darker shades or in fact just to print with black.
i'm really intrigued by this system and am looking forward to receiving my kit in the mail. i intend to use this to create t-shirts to advertise my own business among other things. i just have a few questions that i thought i'd ask to save me some experimenting time when the kits arrive. you touch upon brushing and dipping on your website, but how about using a spray bottle to saturate the fabric with a 1 to 1 dilution? is the dye too thick for this to work? i work and live in la. when the kits are ready for shipment, would it be possible to pick them up in person and save a day or two of waiting for the kits to arrive in the mail? also, i'm sure you field this question more times than you can count, but will there be a black dye in the future?
hey guys... what are some good resource for nice t-shirts and other items to buy to print on with lumi? mostly shirts. nice soft vintage feel fabrics...
wow! i def see the 250 happening! i'm so excited about this project!! can't wait to get my hands on the product!
conner_36, adelina, we just love your enthusiasm. it keeps us going! thank you!
simon, if you make sure to wash the garment after printing, any unfixed dye should be rinsed out and won't stain your couch. the color fastness is excellent. inkodye is based on the same family of dyes that is used in service/military uniforms and won't fade even in a bleach wash!
thanks printa32, glad to have your feedback! would love to see pictures of that wedding present. you can always post them to our facebook wall: https://www.facebook.com/lumihq
it works great! smells a bit like a 70's perm ;) but it's not bad--slight ammonia smell when you open the bottle but you don't notice it much when you start working with it. just made a wedding present for my niece and i just know it's going to be a hit! thanks lumi!
as a t-shirt designer i can't wait to try this product!!!  so excited!!!
after your inspiring video i decided, shut up and take my money!
looking forward to playing with this and getting the kids involved. what's the colour fastness like? if i sit in a white sofa will in come off and stain, like the blue does in new jeans?
raquel, we do not have a fixed date, but keep an eye on our skillshare page or sign up to our mailing list for updates on lumi printing workshops: http://www.skillshare.com/design-studio-print-garments-with-sunlight/244530397 http://lumi.co/pages/mailing-list
joecaution, thanks! can't wait to see your creations.
jessy, yes inkodye does develop under strong uv or actinic light.
can you use uv lamp if not direct sunlight ?
i look forward to creating some really nice t-shirts using your product! plenty of sun here in texas for that!
so excited about the product! do you know when you might be holding another workshop?
epic. thanks, guys.
victor! we have not set up any official meetups yet, but we are running a series of workshops through the skillshare platform. our first one was last weekend: http://www.skillshare.com/design-studio-print-garments-with-sunlight/244530397
peter, the dye is water-based but contains some ammonia. humans are very sensitive to the smell of ammonia, so that's mainly what inkodye smells like. the scent gradually dissipates and will be completely removed by the time the print is finally washed.
@lumi i love this!!! coming from a textile printing background this is going to be so much fun :d  just 1 question is there a scent to the dye before washing?
just pledged. looking forward to using the system.  will there be a local la area meetup or maybe there already is?
hi angel! love your enthusiasm! yes, the lumi process does work on raw wood, just make sure to rinse out the unexposed dye thoroughly with water and textile detergent. we have a guide that walks you through the process: http://snapguide.com/guides/print-a-photo-on-wood-with-inkodye/
ok. i just had a mind-boggling thought. can i use this on unfinished wood!? it's still a porous fiber and should take the developer, right? *mind goes off into many, many different directions.* and if i pull my backing, it's only because a bunch of my friends have pooled together to get a larger kit, and it may go under someone else's name (though, being greedy, i may still order a starter kit of my own, since i'm in it at the "early bird" price. either way, i can't wait!!!
ok, this isn't directly relevant to the product but i wanted to congratulate you on a great commercial!  top notch!  how could i not pledge?  ;)
lenny, you can definitely make negatives in photoshop, you'll just turn your image to black and white, adjust the levels and invert. we have a guide that explains a similar process using the web app pixlr.com http://snapguide.com/guides/make-your-own-film-negative/
i'm counting the days :-)  now i have to paint my pics on t-shirts, which is a lot of work. and i have thousands of beautiful pics to use. so if it works well, we are getting in business ;-)
apologies if you've touched on this. being a graphic designer i may want to augment my photos etc with some typography etc. are there instructions etc for getting the proper negatives by using photoshop etc. so i can get a little more creative with what i use lumi for? so. damn. excited!!!
cool!
theresa, thank you so much for your enthusiasm. we're excited to see what you can do!
hi benni! thanks for your support! the dyes become part of the fiber, unlike paints which sit on top. that's why our dyes won't be visible on darker fabrics. at this point we've only developed 3 colors. thanks to all the amazing backers here on kickstarter we'll be able to continue expanding the range. it is a long and costly process to develop the pigments. applying the dye can be done easily by using cardboard, foamcore or wood as a backing and pinning your fabric to it. cheers!
amazing project, just what i was looking for, create my own tshirt and stop walking around with same shirt as the other guy on the other side of the street. so it is not possible to use the colors on black/dark fabric?  are there only those 3 colors available (no green? so you can mix and get almost any color?) wouldn't it be possible to use white color on black fabrics? will you provide any frame to apply it to make the process easier? thank you for a great product and keep up the enthusiasm!!! good luck!
i am really excited about the potential of your product.  love all the ideas and suggestions.  my best to you and your company.
thanks for your suggestion mark! it probably won't make it into the first version, but we'll keep the idea in mind as we continue to make improvements to the app.
with the extra funding i wondered if you would consider adding an edge vignetting (if that's the correct term?) function to your app. for example, on your fantastic video example of the old car photo, it would be nice to set the lower edge to ramp out to full black, so it would not show an edge on the print (imo)? you could set it by left, right, top, bottom edges, with a drag motion on screen for the amount (shown visually when prepping the negative)? just a wish  :-)
alliemac9 this is an area we are still experimenting with. unfortunately we don't have specific recommendations yet. however the folks at instructables.com have a lot of tips on making your own uv exposure units, you might want to do some research there: http://www.instructables.com
aaron, take a look at our new update on 3-color process: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/lumi/print-on-fabric-using-sunlight-the-lumi-process/posts/266315 you're right! you can definitely help your negatives last longer by protecting them with a blank transparency.
i noticed your answer in the faq about using actinic light bulbs or certain uv processes. i've never looked into this - so i thought i'd ask: are these light bulbs available in various types/fittings? i'm wondering if i could outfit my photographic enlarger with a different bulb and use it w/standard negatives? have you guys looked into that option? i'm up for the sun method, too, but if i can repurpose my enlarger (that i almost sold three weeks ago) -- i'll hang on to it and give it a try. if not, maybe it's back up for sale! :) looks exciting!
hey, i was just wondering how complicated would it be to make a full color exposure? if you had your 3 basic primary colors, shouldn't you be able to make 3 exposures with 3 different negatives to achieve the colors you want? i'd assume that you'd need to wash it between exposures, but it's theoretically possible, yes? also, wouldn't your negatives last longer for reuse if you put a blank transparency between the negative and the fabric? you wouldn't need to clean it after every use..
can't wait to try this out!! brilliant product. for those who have inkjet printers, not laser, try kimoto silkjet transparencies. i make positives for silk screening from my old canon i9900.
i can't effin wait!
a few days ago i ordered your product and now i see you start a new project :-)) i wish you all the best and i'm sure you will make it :-))
you're the best, chris. thank you :)
i wished for you guys to go to $100k, and whadaya know! you are already past that mark! congrats, lumi team!
richard, jackie, shawn. thank you so much. we're incredibly excited to have you all on board!
excellent! that makes sense. thanks! super looking forward to this.
like i always say... "the creme rises to the top!! "  (ok, others have said the same.)    you lumi and company are the creme!!  there are many ideas to be realized with inkodye.  this is exciting!!!    jackie & des!
looks like a lot of creative fun so very pleased to back the lumi kit. hope it is as successful as tie-dying was in the 60's! will start gathering my photographs now. i applaud your enthusiasm for your product and the way you pitched it, hope you get rewarded well for all your efforts.
hi shawn! here is a link to our kickstarter campaign from 2 years ago: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/lumi/lumi-co-a-new-textile-printing-technology it was successfully funded for $13,597 and with that money we were able to make and ship all the products our backers pledged for. at the time they included printed goods such as wallets and bags that we printed and manufactured ourselves. over the past two years we've pushed the technology even further by working with various partners in furniture, fashion and fine art – some of which you can see here: http://lumi.co/studio  throughout that experience we developed a set of tools that we just couldn't keep to ourselves. that is why we are here on kickstarter again, to share the technology that all of you, who helped make it possible. we want to enable you to make your own prints, and help us continue to improve the technology. hope that helps answer your question!
very excited! quick question, your video mentions you did a kickstarter two years ago to fund this...so what happened to that money? how confident are you that you'll actually ship product on this second attempt? i've already donated, just convince me my donation is safe!
i'm excited to not only be a backer of such an innovative idea but to be able to bring my own photography into some interesting new arenas. love seeing this "youthful" energy and openness in encouraging and sharing with kindred spirits. looking forward to seeing how much further this project grows and sharing the results of how it works for me :-)
hey ian! we'll be emailing all backers to request a shipping address when the project is over and we're close to sending the products out. we'll include an estimated shipping/arrival date so that you can input the best address.
so glad to have made my first ever pledge. question, what if my shipping address change by september. how do i notify you guys?
i love this and can't wait to try it out. i've worked a lot over the years in dark rooms playing with developing techniques as well as fabric designs so i'm absolutely itching to try this stuff out. i'll be spreading the word to australia and the channel islands with this and i look forward to any new colours or products you create.
just backed! i am beyond excited. as someone who has been digital only for so many years being able to start creating real actual things has got me excited as all get out. i am also working on firing up a traditional screen printing shop as well and i am definitely looking to become a long-term lumi supporter and add it to my list of services! keep it up. also, i would be remiss if i didn't comment on just how perfect jesse is as the spokesperson. you can hear the passion for this in her voice. and super cute to boot!
this is such a cool idea! i've got some photos on my phone of flowers from my garden that i think would kick butt as lumi prints. is there any chance of getting another $50 level started? i'd have totally pledged that if any spots had been left!
nate, marjie, william, benjamin, wow! your enthusiasm is just amazing. thank you for backing the project. we're so excited to see what you'll create!
likewise, from england. this thing will go massive i'm sure. torn between keeping it a secret and getting it out there.....but you've won me over (wasn't hard!). the word has flown!
hi, love the project jesse. backing you from the england would love to help it become more established here in the future after getting to grips with the printing! can't wait to get going. keep up the good work!
this is completely crazy wonderful!! can't wait to get the supplies and start experimenting. we are bursting with ideas already...
congrats, can't wait to get my kit!
susanna griffith, we'll definitely be sending out updates about upcoming workshops!
david, we have been stunned by the excitement around lumityper and are definitely planning an android version. the timeline is not yet fixed, but it will happen.
christopher, inkodye does not work on synthetic fibers such as nylon, polyester, etc. however it will work well on blends that are mostly cotton or natural fiber. inkodye also isn't intended for material that aren't fibrous or absorbent like glass or metal.
so cool! i cannot wait for my package!
i certainly hope beside other than ios you will have and android app because i don't use that phone. wanted to support anyway because it is very cool and the ideas for this is amazing!
bummer, this weekend won't work!  if you have another class in la would you mind sending an update for backers?  i really want to take one and others might as well!  thanks!
i'd honestly would be ecstatic  if this project could get funded up to $100k. you guys are literally democratizing the fashion and graphic design industries! i have increased my pledge i think at least twice. just one question, is there any fabric or material that you don't recommend putting this on?
i am so impressed by this and this is the first time i've actually backed up a kickstarter project! there's so much potential! my question is how do i change my shipping address? i live outside the us and would want to send the product to a us address. thanks and congratulations! can't wait to get my lumi!
got a duo pack for my girlfriend as a christmas gift, couldn't resist getting one for myself for printing awkward pictures of my face on shirts and wandering about.
looks like you're featured on the kickstarter home page today, that should help raise the pledges a bit too! oh, and congratulations on reaching your target so quickly! :d
yowzas ! workshop ? los angeles ? this saturday ? i might have to get in on that, too. and i have to commend you ... seriously ... as an apparel designer ( i design men's jeans ), i am especially floored by an idea/product like this. im actually thinking to up my pledge. yup. bravo !
hi susanna! we're actually hosting a hands-on workshop in la this saturday! the class is being put on through skillshare- just follow the link for information about signing up. hope to see you there! http://www.skillshare.com/design-studio-print-garments-with-sunlight/244530397
this looks so cool!  if there is a workshop in la i would love to do one!
750th backer ! so rad !! =)
i have never been so excited backing such innovative and creative thinkers. i own a business myself and have the entrepreneur gene so i get excited when i find others doing innovative work. your product ma be able to help my business and after i became a backer, i would love to speak with you further. i know you will get to your goal and will ask others i know to help. kind regards and much success to you! brynn carroll
you're the best jamie. see you at the workshop!
i'm rootin' for you!!! looking forward to this weekend's hands on experience with lumi too!!!
deanna, the best is to use laser-printable film, like the one we provide, you'll be able to run it through the copier twice to make extra high contrast negatives. 81/2 by 11 works too.
hi ivonne! we're working super hard to prepare so that you can get your orders as soon as possible. there is a really good chance that orders will be shipped prior to september but it still depends on the amount of funding received. thank you so much for your support & please spread word :) thanks!
awesome! i've just become a proud backer, i really like this project. i wish you the best! it says it will be shipped in september. there's no way to get it before? thanks! :)
hi guys! i'm so excited to be a backer for your idea! i'm also impatient so i purchased the dyes this morning! :) i have a project i want to work on as soon as my order is delivered. any recommendations on the transparencies i should purchase? can i use an 8 1/2 x 11 size? thanks!
hi christopher, thanks for your enthusiasm and kind words!
this is a really innovative idea. as a big guy, i don't have to settle for what clothes i can get - i can create my own. as an artist, i can now put my own artwork on my clothes - for free! i'm glad to back this project, and i hope that dozens of others back this as well. great job, guys!
hi mick, if you're careful with it you can reuse the negative at least 10 times or more. make sure to wipe it clean between prints with a damp paper towel.
hi guys, just wondering how many you can use the negative?
woo hoo :) i am now a backer! can't wait to get printing!
alxxg, not yet but the process is very similar to printing on cotton: http://snapguide.com/guides/print-a-photo-on-cotton-with-inkodye/
thanks. do you have guides for printing on canvas or hemp ?
alxxxg, the iphone app is our first piece of software, but we'll continue to improve and expand the toolkit. in the meantime you can follow our guide on printing negatives: http://snapguide.com/guides/make-your-own-film-negative/ it features the web app pixlr, which is easily accessible to anyone with an internet connection: http://pixlr.com/editor/
what about a web app or mac app for those that don't have a smart phone (like my mother) ?
hi alejandra, we have created a new $130 level to accommodate your request. cheers!
thanks for the answer, i was planning to give one as a gift.. are you considering to put a double kit pledge?
alejandra - that is correct, it comes with one set of supplies and two kits.
hi! i was thinking to "share with a friend", but then i realize it doesn't come with 2 textile detergents, is that correct?
love your stuff. i also would like an android app. and i really can't wait to get the kit.
this process is great for teachers, anyone who works with groups to create unusual and unique projects. keep up the good work. love your stuff!
i did the same thing just a few second ago. i still became a backer for this. i think it's great.
filled in the form and sent regarding android app/phone type.
for all those requesting an android app. we will definitely take it into consideration. if you have a chance please fill out the form linked below so we know which devices to develop for:   http://lumi.co/lumityper-android
i'm so excited to be backing this project! i've already been experimenting with my lumi starter kit. i've had so much fun mixing the colors and watching the results. i can't wait to get the copier films. i don't have an iphone yet, but hopefully i will ditch the android soon and be able to have fun with the awesome app. this is my first project to back, and i have so much faith in it!
daniel, regarding multiple passes, yes it is possible but you must be sure that the prints are thoroughly washed between each exposure. here's an example of a print that was done in three passes using blue, red and orange on watercolor paper:  http://pinterest.com/pin/59813501271415166/  this technique is definitely for advanced users!
ok, speaking about android demand: . here is my +1 for android support
i love lumi inkodye so i am totally backing this project!  now, if you were to offer those leather envelopes again, i would up my pledge in a heartbeat!
i'm interested to know whether a cmyk overlap would work or not, i'm sure you know what i mean, but just in case, to make a coloured print, you need just print the cmyk individually with their opacity settings, and start with the c print, dry, wash, then do m, dry, wash and continue, i can see this working on a white t-shirt, a bit more complex for coloured t-shirts. the only real challenge is the lining up, but that shouldn't be too difficult with clamps and markings.
hi patrick, normal inkjet printers typically do not lay down enough black ink to block sunlight. there are special black inks available on the market for inkjet printers but they usually are meant for high-end machines. if you'd like to try using your home inkjet printer we recommend printing the negative twice and layering them on top of each other to increase the contrast. the films we provide in our rewards are meant for laser printing. these can be used with most office copiers and are specially coated to absorb more toner. this allows you to create dark negatives that are more effective for printing.
question, can you print on transparent paper with any normal ink printer? if no, what kind do you need?
not yet, ck. but if demand grows for it, we'll definitely consider the idea. thanks for backing!
any plans for an android app?
as always...impressive, very impressive!!!!   i will pass it on!!!  you guys are kicking it!! great work to the entire lumi team. jackie & des
hi mah, thanks for backing!
hi patrick, thanks for backing! you can make your 4oz bottles last a long time, the dyes can be extended with water and still provide a vibrant color because they are quite concentrated. dilute your dyes 1 part water to 1 part dye or more before you start experimenting!
this looks fun! i just backed my first project here after a long time of lurking. i can't afford more than the 4oz bottles right now, i just hope i don't empty them too quick.
hi mah, thanks for your feedback. shipping is more costly when sending products directly from our workshop to your home. we are able to cut shipping costs when shipping to retailers in europe because we send the product in bulk. we have been selling the dyes online for a few months and are excited that many early adopters have begun using it. the focus of this project is to help bring new tools such as the copier film (which is specially coated for denser blacks), textile detergent (made for clearing the dye) and the app to market. if you want to get printing right away and prefer to avoid the shipping costs, we couldn't be happier if you try it directly from our retailer in germany.
the three 4oz dyes including instrunctions (so more or less the starter kit) are sold for the same price in online shops here in germany. i even save shipping costs and receive the product immidiatly instead of having to wait till september. the pricing with this kickstarter project doesn't seem right...
