if you want to feel better try looking at the comments for the micro 3d printer. those backers had a really bad time!  ampy sucks as a green energy device but at least it works as a normal plug-in emergency charger.
i agree. what a waste of time and money. useless.
2 years on, still have not received my product (i pledged nov 2014). no response to inquiry messages. i pledged $120 for...
what a piece of junk! so unless i'm totally jumping up and down for hours, it will not create or store any energy. i walked nearly 10 miles wearing and it didn't even blip a blue light for longer than a second. what a total scam--and a terrible waste of money. shame on ampy.
and here is ny times editor and writer greg schmidt's, rebuttal to james on his testing.... ----------------------------- hi james, thanks for writing; i appreciate your feedback. i did some research on the ampy move before i began testing it, and i was aware that some users did not get good results. but in my testing, i was able to increase the power stored in the battery after running on a treadmill, and i was able to use the device to charge my phone. it's a little hard to tell how well the device stores kinetic energy, but as a portable battery, the device does work as intended. best, greg
i was recently contacted by a customer who purchased their device outside of kickstarter.  pretty sure this is consistent with most of the backers here and clear sign we just don't matter.   -------------------- james (jameslikestomaga@gmail.com) here - i saw your comments on the ampy move kickstarter page and one where you left your email information. like you i'm a very disappointed customer (although i stupidly fell for this after their kickstarter debut and purchased mine online). these guys basically gave me the run around with all sorts of excuses (i wasn't using it properly, you had to wall charge it a little bit first, etc.) until past the 30 day mark and then pointed to that technicality in refusing to refund my money, ignoring completely of course that their device doesn't work at all. anyways i wanted to let you know that they're keeping up their scam. i saw today that they were featured on the york times. millions of americans read this so i'm sure more will get ripped off. the article is online at: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/12/technology/personaltech/fitness-trackers-move-to-earphones-socks-and-basketballs.html i already emailed the "journalist", greg schmidt but he dismissed my concerns. then guess what i found out? its a paid promotion!!!! ampy hired some pr agency to shill for them and they have a post on their fb wall bragging about it: https://www.facebook.com/vinesprout/photos/a.142762469122348.29876.116891488376113/1070320136366572/… what a disgrace. i cant believe a major national newspaper would ignore all the evidence and promote such a scam. and clearly, despite the totalfail they are only "amping" up their scamming ways to trick more people into buying this shit device. apparently they are even trying to raise a new round of $4mm from investors!!!! https://twitter.com/chicagovcsummit/status/723234529834467328 i'm trying to contact all the other ripped off customers to let them know. maybe together we can raise enough attention to stop these guys. sincerely, james
i tested ampy for months and i'm frustrated. thats not what i awaiting. i don't know how much moving i need for a full loading. i run really often, every day and i can be happy to become the first led light. never more. this project is a fail for me! :/
tried the following emails? feedback@getampy.com contact@getampy.com wouldn't be surprised if the folks gave up checking this page because of the "few" vocal kickstarters who find their product is flawed. remember they only had to then back less then 2 percent of more then 6,000 units they shipped worldwide!  now they can move onto a version 2.0 because of that success! /sarcasm
why can't you respond to my emails. 60km walked with the ampy strapped to my ankle and not 1 led lit. please answer.
ampy! i have still not received my product and asked for a refund you guys literally took my money and left! you guys scammed netizens all over the world. you guys are thieving a-holes!
reading the some of the other comments here it looks like we have been sold down the river ! disappointed ! 50 min. run, 2 hours on the bike and walking around an airport for several days cant increase the charge from 3 to 4 leds !  i have used kickstarter quite a few times but this the worst product i have had the misfortune to get involved with.
i backed ampy development in october 2014 and received my unit in november 2015. i wanted it specifically to take on long hikes to help keep my phone and its navigation app going the whole time i was out (sometimes several days). i recently put my ampy in the lid pocket of my rucksack where it remained for four consecutive days of mountain hiking - at least 8 hours movement on my back a day. at the end of the fourth day i got it out to recharge my phone. the ampy had no charge in at all - completely flat. worse than that it had destroyed my compass which was also in the lid pocket, it seems it has managed to reverse it somehow - i haven't fully investigated it and don't understand the physics by which this could have happened. all i know is that it happened and could have had very serious consequences. for me, ampy doesn't work and it could be dangerous for anyone taking it with them on a trip that requires navigation by compass.
this is my original post from 2014... i'm sorry that my concerns were well-founded and have resulted in the disappointment of many ampy backers. ------ as an engineer who has many patents in the us, china and other parts of asia on energy measurement for portable devices such as smartphones, i am concerned about the efficiency of your technology in converting kinetic energy into electrical energy. i think it is a great idea for a product, but most people don't generate enough kinetic energy to power tiny wristwatches, and so i'm concerned that fellow kickstarter will be disappointed. you're phds from northwestern -- how much kinetic energy does it take to power the 1000mah battery; more precisely, at this time -- what is your patent-pending technology's efficiency in converting kinetic energy to electrical energy, and thus mechanical power to electrical power? you should know this and you should share this with the kickstarters. thanks!
you know if these "engineers" were willing to admit they oversold the hype of their product, i wouldn't be so pissed at them and their product.  however, to read their deflecting comments and delusion just adds fuel to my anger and convinces me their snake oil salesmen!  praying on suckers like us who believes their northwestern degrees are worth more then garbage. "i think when you tell people you move and then you can charge your phone - people have a high expectation of that and it will seem almost magical," co-founder alex smith told me "we can say this product isn't for everyone. it is for people who have an active lifestyle". "one of the issues is, when this product came out, the most popular phone on the market was iphone 5. since then phones have got a lot bigger. the battery is twice as big. most power from comes from screen size," he added. the ampy is a lifestyle product, mr smith continued. "a fitbit gives you badges, this gives you battery life," he said. "we are not promising it is going to replace [charging at the] wall." on the subject of negative feedback he said it is "often difficult to meet people's expectations". "we think a lot of our customers are very happy," he added. "the ones who aren't are the most vocal".
ampy is a total waste of time. i got a free usb powerbank from a recruitment company that is more useful. if you are reading this before purchasing an ampy: avoid it like the plague, it does a disservice to clean energy products.
you can now read the bbc tech team review here too http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-35810137
left my honest feedback that i have huge doubts of their version 2.0.   given their complete lack of communication in this public kickstarter forum, safe to say they're going to do their best to separate the "2%" of unhappy backers from whatever new schemes they're planning.
have any of you got "we want to hear what you have to say" email from ampy? it says "as one of our valued customers, we are inviting you to provide us with feedback regarding your experience with ampy. we are currently developing the second generation of ampy products and will use your feedback to inform our design and technology decisions in the new products. "
well, at least i know that my device is not alone in being a wall-charged extra battery. it does not generate additional energy from motion. the only way it generates energy is if it is plugged into the wall. this device was not worth purchasing. while i liked and was looking forward to the concept, it still has a long way to go until it will reach what was promised.
very disappointed - was an original backer on kickstarter and the device really only gets charged when i plug it into the wall - i walk, run, cycle, skate ski and still not enough charge ever to get my phone charged. if i was going to plug it into the wall, there are many cheaper, smaller, lighter options out there. this has been a huge disappointment...
i asked for a refund on 12/15 and got this email back............ --------------------------------- hi victor, i'm sorry to hear you've had a negative experience with ampy move. while we have extended our return policy to kickstarter backers, our policy states that customers have 30 days to return the product. as your units were delivered on 10/19, you do not qualify to return the product. please let me know if you have any questions. -ethan ------------------------------------------------------------------- i know i was one of those early kickstarters with negative feedback and probably one of the reason they never asked me to pm them or offer an exchange or refund.   wish they were more upfront about their return policies or even gave me that option other then giving me a bunch of marketing jargon that blah blah blah this is only supposed to get you to the end of the day.......everyone moves differently.......try a different exercise............
have people here outright got their refund rejected due to it being outside 30 days of delivery?
must be nice to claim you only had to take back, exchange or refund less than 2 percent of 6,000 units since i think everyone just give up and threw theirs out... sorry for only the handful of individuals like us who provide you only negative feedback on what you overly hyped to be a highly efficient motion powered battery backup.  i didn't know i was getting an emergency magnetic battery that needed to be recharged from a wall outlet. http://dailynorthwestern.com/2016/02/18/campus/northwestern-student-startup-ampy-responds-to-criticism-of-its-charging-device-product/
this project is such a scam. doesn't work as advertised. ah. good liars though.
oh and they're supposedly working on a move 2.0 which would generate "more power and be sleeker" ........nice way to let the backers of the first failed version know.  probably too busy enjoying their cozy new living and look at where they strap their devices.  same place and got the same result of 0 energy generation for a week's worth of exercising. http://www.chicagobusiness.com/article/20160211/issue01/160209809/what-if-an-hour-of-exercise-could-power-your-smartphone
they got a great support team as seen from tejas_getampy in the cnet review to harp the same bull that as users we're just not moving enough to utilize their lying slogan of "power your devices from motion" as backers we've only help them in making more of these overpriced batteries to swindle more investors   just look how happy the founders are! ampy raises $875,000 in venture funding.... http://www.chicagobusiness.com/article/20151022/blogs11/151029944/ampy-raises-875-000-in-venture-funding ampy wins at tech. co's startup night at ces http://tech.co/ampy-startup-night-ces-2016-01
ampy customers, please do leave your honest feedback on amazon. the comments on there are imho not representative of the product. i did get a refund from ampy on mine. certainly in the uk, if the product does not work as advertised you have the right to get a refund (uk readers, see here- http://www.moneysavingexpert.com/shopping/consumer-rights-refunds-exchange). additionally i just saw cnet have posted their own review http://www.cnet.com/products/ampy-move/
backed 5 units of ampy move. both my buddy and myself are marathoners and we have been taking it for hours of runs and it barely charge 1 led after 2hrs of run. it's the same for both units and we tried attaching it to various body locations; hip, back, thigh, ankle. we also tried running on trails and flats. it's nowhere near the advertised specs and practically a deadweight imho
after weeks of trying to get out reasonable energy from your device, i must admit, that only in case i load it via cable i am able to load my nexus 3 halfe way.  while moving the device does not produce reasonable energy levels.  my last trial setting was, to mount the device on a constantly running and moving engine, which simulate constant moving the ampy like i am running or something similar. no white lights even after days. what is your sollution?
not enough backers are sharing their feedback on amazon on their device.  so far at least one person it seems has successfully gotten a refund.  i think the ampy team has given up on their backers and is now just moving to the open market to get more money from suckers like us. http://www.amazon.com/ampy-wearable-portable-external-accessory/dp/b013v9btt2/ref=cm_cr_pr_product_top… http://www.amazon.com/ampy-wearable-portable-charger-external/dp/b0189qlh6c/ref=sr_1_1…
sent a pm, could you please respond? i think my device is defective  thanks
backer no. 796 in the uk. still haven't received anything (or any tracking info). has mine shipped?
sorry, nvm. ignore that
haven't received mine...
it was a trial and it failed totally. i already throw it away.
hello, i have not recieved my ampy yet. could you please help me? thank you.
any info about my refund ? package is delivered on 7 jan. (rma 131690131)
@nick -- we have reached out via pm and will send your unit. for all future questions or feedback, the best place to reach us is contact@getampy.com.
@nick -- we have reached via pm and will send your unit. for all future questions or feedback, the best place to reach us is contact@getampy.com.
before hitting kickstarter, ampy must have had a somewhat working prototype that sold this idea to initial investors and partners. (or just your own friends and family giving you their time) what went so wrong in execution? as backers, it looks futile (and even comedic) to have someone here continuous reply to the landslide of individual complaints as if the faults are unique to each device. it's obvious that with the media attention and over 2500 backers, there's a sizable community that really wanted this to work. the product failed--i get it. i'm not even asking for my money back because i knew the risks. but as a backer, investor, or someone who once believed in this concept, why not just cut the facade, admit the product failed, apologize to your ex-fans, and provide an explanation of what happened?
im not very impressed. i enquired about the status of my unit before christmas, when i was told it had been dispatched. after waiting a while, i checked the order tracking and left this message: "hi, after waiting a while to see if there was a customs delay perhaps, i still don't have my ampy. the link provided shows that the unit was delivered to new lennox, illinois. since i live in the uk and stated as such in the questionnaire you supplied, this is a little concerning. can you provide any help with this?" this was on the 9th january. to date, i've received no response.
ah, my mistake. at 3.6v input, you're at about 95% efficiency.  was reading the graph on the first page of the data sheet.
@ampy, do keep in mind that the ltc3539 you used to generate your 5v rail is only about 82% efficient at the 1a maximum charge rate of an iphone, so you only effectively have 1476mah.  and an iphone's internal battery charger is going to have some power loss as well.
@mohammad -- ampy moves battery is 1800mah, more than 20% the battery in an iphone 6+. we will will reach out to hear about battery issues for your device.
@michelle -- we will send a pm with details to see if a replacement unit needs to be sent.
@tobias -- we have not received your return unit yet. we will send a pm to confirm tracking information, but will refund you once the unit is returned.
@michelle.  you're better off requesting a full refund if and when they do respond.  so far replacements will give you the same result which is you will get next to nothing in terms of motion generated energy.  get your money back and put towards in a larger battery pack that charges better if not as well as this overpriced brick.
i emailed contact@getampy.com at the start of the month and have not yet had a reply.  my ampy does not retain energy atall which at first i thought was just because i was wearing it wrong or not moving enough, but in my moment of need over christmas with 2 days without power everyone in my family spent time vertically shaking the ampy so i could boost my phone, but although the blue light came on, it did not light up any white lights. i would like a replacement that does work.
i send back my ampy 4 weeks ago and have not get my money back yet!
@michael don't accept that you have to keep an overpriced fridge magnet.  if it's still within 30 days you've been using this product, get a refund asap by emailing contact@getampy.com.  i have yet to hear anyone successfully get a refund for this sham of a product and if they aren't then they got worse problems then a crappy product and shameful marketing.
got mine not too long ago. kind of a bummer. came precharged to 3 lights, wore it all around for two days, and got it to full power. when my ipod ran low the next day, i promptly hooked it up to my ampy, but that was only good for about 20minutes of view time for a movie. but i figured thats ok, as long as moving around will bank me some more energy. i wore it while jogging for 30min/day and walking a couple of hours/day everyday for five days, but never got more than 1 light to come on. based on previous usage, thats only good for about 5 minutes of use, so i dont really see the benefit of wearing it around all the time, if a weeks worth of the energy stored from my normal life style will not result in anywhere close to a full charge . its been relegated to expensive usb rechargeable battery status, and as such, i probably wont be using it any more. shame. i liked the matte black finish and accessories! oh well.
also when i charged from the wall its only charge my iphone 6 plus 20% or less !!!
my ampy not charge when i walk !! i walked around 2 hours and it charge only one light i started to charge my iphone 6 plus i get few second charging and then ampy light shows empty:(
@adam -- sorry to hear you're having issues. it's important to remember that even if you don't see another led after a workout, you are still generating power into your ampy move, so keep moving!
i'm starting to think the ampy team is putting more effort into silencing claims and buying positive reviews on amazon......
i've tried charging with walking running and biking and can't get it to charge from point (1-3 lights) to the next.
teardown of the ampy reveals a lot of things about this failure : http://drop-kicker.com/2016/01/ampy-move-teardown-and-review/
@david -- the app isn't required to charge up your ampy move. we'll pass along the note about the google account, but feel free to use your ampy move without the app.
@collins -- we'll send a pm with more information
what a disappointment! i walk about 2 hours a day and can't hardly get any extra battery life on my iphone! what a shame. all the time we waited for what? when you started this it was suppose to be an extraordinary project! what went wrong?  please tell me how to proceed for a refund.
is there any way to get the ampy charge my phone without the damn app? mine stops charging after a short while and the app needs registration and google account access for no apparent reason.
@oekaki -- thanks for reaching out. we'll send a pm to see what the issue may be.
@ampy may i ask how i can confirm my units are working properly or not?
@johannes -- we're sorry to hear you're disappointed and want to confirm your unit works properly. we will reach out with a pm.
i have been trying to get some energy generation from my ampy to charge my phone with for a month now walking and running with barely any success. the product has not been remotely close to working the way it is advertised. i have backed 30+ projects on kickstarter with their ups and downs, but this is the first time i have been so disappointed with how far "marketed features" were from delivered features that i would like a refund. please pm me details on how you manage that process. thanks
if anyone is at ces, come stop by! we're in eureka park (sands hall), booth 80524.
looks like you can now leave your review of ampy on amazon us (two listings)... http://www.amazon.com/ampy-wearable-portable-external-accessory/dp/b013v9btt2/ref=cm_cr_pr_product_top… http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b0189qlh6c…
@vinzius -- we will reach out through a pm regarding refunds.
is it possible to get a refund ? ampy just doesn't work as advertised :(
@marek -- ampy move takes the power from your motion and converts it into energy to power your devices. the internal inductors move linearly and the charge generated goes into the internal 1800mah battery.
how does ampy work? what is inside ampy?
@victor -- saw your message and will reply.
have 5 ampies stuck in customs, some help?
@jia -- sent a pm about your unit.
backer in the china  here, still no ampy. any updates?
@mike -- it sounds like your device may be faulty. will follow up with a pm.
i got mine about two months ago now. first day, shook it a bit to charge, which did light up the blue light with the button pressed.  wore it for a couple days, only got it to 1 light. used that to charge my phone (nexus 6), added about 5% charge before it stopped charging. charged to full on usb and started carrying the ampy daily. over that time i've averaged over 10k steps/day on fitbit, so it hasn't been just sitting, but today when i tried to charge my phone from it it was completely drained, no charge at all! this thing doesn't even work as a battery!  i was disappointed when the device/android app didn't have all the features promised in the campaign, but now with the device failing to fulfil even the most basic function i'm more than frustrated. what a waste of time & money.
@nicholas -- it looks like your unit was delivered. following up in a pm.
backer in the uk here, still no ampy. any updates?
@mike -- we are! booth 80524 in eureka park!
are you guys going to be at ces?
@jennifer -- thanks for asking. you can find the link here: http://www.getampy.com/plus. check it out on your phone to lead you to a mobile download page.
hey ampy, how do i get the ampy+ android app??
well i guess i should've jumped on the refund band wagon when i had the chance (exceeded 30 days refund policy).  i urged those dissatisfied to not wait to get your refund and email contact@getampy.com of course if there are anyone who disbelieves these negative claims and still wants one, i have an unopened ampy with accessories that i will part with for $50  (no extra charge for shipping)  email me at kongvictor@gmail.com.
ampy move is a big fraud !
@byungha -- we will follow up in a pm.
now i have same problem like ben under commenter  so i want to refund  plz how to refund( ofcourse i dont have it )
@ben -- we will follow up with a personal message.
hi dear ampy team. i still have no ampy and no costums information. so i dont know were it is. but if i read all the "it doesnt work" article, i dont want to have it. can you refund me please?
@akard -- we'll follow up with a pm to see if your ampy move is working correctly.
hello ampy, i've been wearing your device for 3 weeks now on my belt. i walked, ran and cycled also but the battery is stuck at two lights. i cheked that it is not upside down and i can't have the app ampy+ so i don't have more details to check if it working correctly. the blue light flashes as i shake it.
@joshue -- apologies for the delay. we've replied through private messages.
ampy, i have sent you 3 private messages about the poor performance of my ampy unit and i'm still waiting a reply. if this product does not work as advertised, i want a refund.
@raphael -- santa will bring your unit soon! he just needs some clarification on your address. following up with a pm.
@jimmy -- we will follow up via email.
@j3110 -- when using your ampy move, an hour of exercise gets you up to one hour of normal use and up to five hours of standby use. running is the most efficient way to charge, followed by cycling and then walking.
my amoy is not working as was advertised either and i would also like a refund.
@thac2027 -- we will follow up with a personal message.
@tobias -- we will follow up today via email.
@amali -- we will follow up today via email.
hi team, my ampy is also not working as is written in tobias's article. so please explain for this differences between advertising and results.
hi dear ampy creators, i'm in the same boat as tobias bischof, amali & others. did everything as shown in the instructions and your video, yet the energy i get out of this is totally underwhelming. to me your device is not working as advertised! sadly enough, i'm now stuck with an expensive, heavy powerbank with only 1800mah while my powerbank of almost the same weight carries 10000mah... even if the device would at least generate 50% of the advertised energy, i would (sort-of) understand since this is a prototype. but it doesn't even achieve this! the most sincere thing to do, would be to at least admit that your product does not work as advertised. i would also like a refund. please pm me the specifics on how to do this. thank you
i have finished testing and write an article (in german) under http://www.pocketnavigation.de/2015/12/ampy-move-strom-bewegung/ the devices are not working how it was promised, so i also what to refund. please tell us how we can manage this!
i've been using my ampy the past week. it does not work (and yes i've watched all videos/comments on how to shake it, direction, time etc). i want a refund. where do i ship it back to?
chirstmas is coming while my package is still missing. it must be taken by the santa claus, right?(joke, i mean logistics) please give me the logistics and tracking no., is china not in delivery of santa claus?(joke again and logistics again)
@kevin -- we'll reach out in a personal message about your order.
@ben -- we recommend reaching out to customs as they may have it. follow up with contact@getampy.com if you run into troubles.
@julian -- a few tips: make sure the orientation is correct and in an optimal position, especially when cycling (below the knee or the ankle). in general, running gets more power than walking and cycling. keep in mind that you are still charging even if you don't get an led. if you're still running into issues, reach out at contact@getampy.com and we'll see if we need to send a replacement.
hi ampy i'm still trying by a week of walking and exercising on i'm not generating an power worth talking about. i do do want to all positively but have no results yet. about 8 hours walking & cycling but not even one light to show yet. is it me or the device?
still waiting for mine. a tracking number for me would be great.
hi there, thanks for the tracking number. i see it is delivered. but, iam sorry, its not delivered to me. ;) i keep in waiting. thanks!
@xiaojun -- there was an error with your address but it is fixed and your unit will head to you!
@ben -- looks like your unit was delivered. following up in a personal message.
@steven -- there's an issue with your address. we will send a personal message.
@noor -- it's important to remember that even if you don't charge an leds worth, you are still charging up the battery inside. if you start with an empty ampy move and go for a run, you will have battery to charge up your smartphone. if not, please reach out at contact@getampy.com and we'll discuss sending a replacement.
hello, i'm in agreement with the comment by julian. i've had the ampy for a few days. i did just over 14000 steps in a day with no energy produced to the ampy. i also did some rigorous hand actions to help produce some clean energy but unfortunately there was no luck.. at the moment the only way to produce some energy is the less efficient way i.e through a wall socket. the ampy has been in the upright position that it should be in my pocket. i've tried it over a few days but the same result (no energy / power). could someone please shed some light. if i don't plug it into the wall there is no energy produced. i cannot even reach to the first bar. many thanks noor
any updates about the shipping progress? i am a backer from hong kong thank you
i still have nothing in germany...
hey just wondering when it will be shipped to china? i'm a backer.
two things - the customer service when i wanted to buy a case was exceptional for which i thank you! the device itself has been a bit underwhelming so far it feels to me that i'd have to run a lot of marathons to generate any significant power. still early days and i will keep trying and given the service experience find myself hoping to be impressed down the line - i'd happily recommend but need to see some data first....
anybody interested in buying my ampy+
thanks for this link that shown how you test it... iphone 5 has a 5,45 wh battery. we all know that you need much more energy than 5,45 wh to load this battery full, because there are a lot of loss but let us calculate withe theses 5,45 wh. let us also caclulate with 250 h of standy and 10 hours of usage for the iphone 5. we all know, that the iphone 5 will have shorter usage times but we let us take these numbers. you said: "an hour of exercise can produce one hour smartphone normal usage" normal usage for you ist 25 % real usage and 75 % standby. so for our iphone 5 this means: 5,45 / 250 * 0,75 = 0,0163 wh and 5,45 / 10 * 0,25 = 0,136 wh overall: 152 mwh in one our pratice movement. in the video you show us, you talk about a peak power of 100 mw. so can you explain how a peak power of 100 mw can produce 152 mwh? in all the calculation we have no losses and it is not possible. when you load a lithium ion battery, discharge it to load another devices etc etc. you will have losses about 20 % and more! i calculate with nearly unrealistic numbers and even if you have one hour with your peak power (that only is meassured under testing conditions) the promised energy is not produced. if i have a mistake in my calucation please tell me in details how you caclulate this performance. on the other hand, the promised performance is nothing that should be calculated, it must be tested under real conditions. make this simple test: discharge the ampy with a load about 100 ma until the voltage drops to zero. wait 1 h and discharge again. do this 3 times. than shake the ampy for one hour (have fun :-) and now dicharge it and meassure what you can get out of it. you need 4 hours for this test, i am convinced you will not get out 152 mwh. dont forget about the battery recovery. for example if you discharge it to zero led the first time and let the battery recover for 10 hours without movement it is normal that the first led will come back. if you make some movement during this 10 hours it is easy to think that the movements have charged it to one led but this is not the full trued , because it also happens when you leave it alone!
@tobias -- we do not know how you are testing and cannot validate your numbers. we've shown the testing in the past and our claims are backed up by this testing along with others who have reached the promised performance. if you'd like more information, feel free to reach out. for reference: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1071086547/ampy-power-your-devices-from-your-motion/posts/1029201
i now get my replacement ampy and have tested this devices. i get out 20 mwh for 30 min of shaking (yes right direction). this is less than 10 % of the performance that is promised and makes the devices to an useless very heavy and small powerbank that normaly costs less than 10 $. @ampy please provide us with a video, that shows the promised performance at tell us more about the real technical problems you seams to have with this devices. first of all you should change your website and do not promise this performance. here are a lot of comments and there is no backer that have reached your promised performance. dont tell us that we should used it from the wall and things like that, we all have supported your product because we what to generated energy from movements.
@edwin -- your unit is in transit. following up in a personal message.
@amali -- we're sorry for the extra fee and understand the frustration, but unfortunately we have to declare the cost of the unit for two reasons: 1) to insure the whole product if it is lost or damaged in transit and 2) we don't want to commit tax evasion. ampy move is more expensive than would be allowed for a "gift" which makes it duty exempt and all of our products are dap meaning that we handle the shipper to the location but no extra charges past shipping. regarding your unit, with the discounts for kickstarter backers, the product does total $100. feel free to reach out at contact@getampy.com if you'd like to discuss further.
@paul -- glad it arrived! keep in mind that even if you don't see an led, you are still charging up the battery. it typically takes longer than 1 hour of exercise to go up 1 led as well.
hi ampy team: please, required information about of shipping to perú, of my pledge. regards.
hi, i got my ampy today but no promised accessories kit! i paid the extra 20% as an early backer (so paid $90 rather than $75 - you can see that in my order and questionnaire response also).  also a bit peeved that you listed the price on shipping as a $100 when i only received goods worth $75 (ampy only), as that means i've now had to pay an extra 20% on import duties (which by the way, you hadn't flagged i would need to pay - i had assumed this would be included in the costs). would appreciate a response.
a little disappointed as i took my ampy out for a cycle, strapped to my ankle, and didn't manage a single bar. i cycled for 1 hr 20 at average cadence of 70 rpm. that should have been a total 5600 'bounces' for the ampy. what am i doing wrong?
@david -- you do not! the activity button is a user delight feature, but when you're not holding down the button, charge is going straight into ampy move's battery.
got my ampy today. wondering if you need to keep the activity button pressed to generate power?
@creator - thanks for your quick response. i understand the cost implications. i was just surprised at the price tag as i thought everything would have been covered. well done on a great product. keep the momentum going and wish you guys all the best in your future endeavours.
@noor -- glad your ampy move arrived! we're sorry for the extra fee and understand the frustration, but unfortunately we have to declare the cost of the unit for two reasons: 1) to insure the whole product if it is lost or damaged in transit and 2) we don't want to commit tax evasion. ampy move is more expensive than would be allowed for a "gift" which makes it duty exempt and all of our products are dap meaning that we handle the shipper to the location but no extra charges past shipping.
i received my ampy today.. however i'm really disappointed that i was hit with a huge price of £20.93 to cover the cost of customs. this really was a downfall on top of the amount that i have already paid for the item. i have to end on a plus for the ampy. looks and feels awesome.
@julian -- email us at contact@getampy.com and we'll figure out how to get it there.
@fachuen -- following up with a shipping question in a personal message.
@eric -- we will email you soon.
hi got mine but got hit with a £16.40 charge for postage and customs! i would like to get a belt/accessories but don't want to pay £16 for the privilege....
hm… still waiting mine in hong kong...
dear ampy, may i get a correct bill of the product? could it be that you counted the shipment fee into the value of the product, because i just paid import tax for a higher value than my pledge?
ethan, tracking number showing as delivered to uk on 24th. where exactly? and how do i get it?
@paul -- will follow up with a personal message about your shipping.
i've had no contact about a pickup.
@paul -- looks like it arrived and passed customs yesterday! have you heard anything about a pickup?
hey ampy. no postcard and no delivery. i was hoping to have heard something by now.
maybe the indicator is defected. i've been shaking it vigorously then stop to check. sometimes it shows 1 or 2 bars. one time it's 3 bars.
@cindy -- that definitely shouldn't happen. will follow up with a personal message.
@tobias -- if you're interested in seeing how much you charge with ampy+, you can move with an empty ampy move, then plug into your phone with the app open. when the device is out of power, the app will notify you how much power you've generated in hours and minutes.
i found out it charges very little after a soccer game with lots fast runs, i started to just shaking it vigorously on and off for several days. the charge indicator finally moved beyond the first bar. a week later i got it to 3 bars. i let it sit for a day and found out it's down to 1 bar!! not only it requires hard work to charge, it leaks to boot! this is a very expensive rattle!
@ampy: sorry, the ampy+ app has no connection to the ampy move so they cannot measure how much energy is generated!!! this kind of tips are very useless.
another test: i put ampy to charging all night (8499 mwh consumed from wall socket) carried ampy during 12 hours i conncted my smartphone to ampy to charging until ampy is empty. my battery level went from 51% to 95%. ampy output was 5576 mwh
@christian -- if you'd like to see how much charge you create on each trip, you can use the timer function on ampy+.
@vinzius -- we can send out some graphics or videos soon. the best spots for running are back of your arm, behind your hip, and your ankle.
and again no change of status leds. more than 8 km and 47 levels but nothing happens still only two leds. what is wrong ?
ampy: i tried 2 orientations. none gave good result =( any video for the best practices?
oh while i'm thinking about it. there is no place provided to store the cord.  i've been putting it in my back pocket but it's inconvenient at best.
my experience has been poor and i believe the product is poorly thought out.  the belt clip will not hold the device to my belt.  it's constantly falling off.  further the instructions state that it is fragile so i've been very careful attaching it to my waist.  the arm band is too small.  i'm not particularly big for a lifter.  my biceps are only 16".  the band is far too small for my arm.  i feel this device was made for perhaps a woman to put in her purse or carry on a run.  the device itself does not seem to charge unless i plug it into an outlet as toys go it's kind of fun to shake and listen to the ball bearing bounce on the spring. i think the problems i've seen can be worked out but i wouldn't buy it again nor would i recommend it to anyone else.
@vinzius -- you should be getting much more charge for a 1 hour run. make sure your ampy move device is oriented correctly (logo facing the right way) and secured in a pocket or in the armband. you should feel the internal components moving up and down as you move.
a 100$ battery is very expensive. i wouldn't ever consider buying this as a gift. ampy. if you consider your product works, then please do some video to prove it. maybe i'm doing things wrong.
i went for a 1hour run with empty ampy. i tried to charge my phone for some seconds. result: 5s of charge (so nothing). ampy seems useless.
@tri -- we will follow up in a personal message.
@christian -- keep in mind that even though you didn't charge a full leds worth doesn't mean you didn't charge the device. we also recommend starting with a full ampy move and as you use the power you need (the ampy+ app helps with this), you'll be generating power along the way! let us know if you have any questions.
after 7 hours of useage - it is only garbage. i walked more than 10 km and there is no change from led status. i have to say this device is useless and very much to expensive for an external battery.
hey ampy team, is it possible to get a refund? the ampy is way less useful as i expected and you told us (not enough power for an iphone 6 e.g.). it looks awesome an is a nice and funny gadget/magnet, but way to expensive for me as something like that. is it possible to send it back to you or something and get a refund? that would be great! if you plan to do another project some time and it will work out better, you can count on me as a backer, but ampy is quite dissapointing, sorry. anyway, have a nice day! sincerely tri
i received my ampy. customs clearance worked also without invoice about 17 euro tax fee. today i will start to find out how the device will work or not.
@joshue -- there will be some inefficiencies in charging your phone from ampy, especially at high currents. your output may be a result of this, but it's difficult to say from one test. if you see that your battery is failing to hold charge, then you may have a defective unit, so please reach out to us about a replacement.
i made another test. initial situation: empty ampy i have charged ampy for some minutes (2720mwh consumed from wall outlet) i have put ampy on my  waist and carried it for 12 hours i have plugged my smartphone to ampy until empty (my smarthpone obtained 1396mwh from ampy until the charging stopped). my unit is defective of this product does not work?
@yuusuke -- thanks for reaching out. there's been an issue with your address, but we will follow up in a personal message.
@christian -- as discussed off chain, it should be in your inbox today.
@daisuke -- there's an issue with your address, but we will follow up in a personal message!
i'm backers do you delivery preparation is possible to japan ?
sorry i still waiting for my invoice to do the customs clearance
when will it be delivered to taiwan?
don't know about the rest of you, after using about a week, it's pretty much useless
ummm. mine is almost same as vinzius's one.
i agree with victor. the results of my tests of terrible. 1 hour of running == 10s of recharge for my iphone. i don't really want to call this project a scam... but almost.
@christian -- will send today!
my ampy is arrived but i need an invoice to do the custom clearance. can you send me one by email.
@takayuki -- fantastic news! we hope you enjoy it and get moving!
@tobias -- it's true, one hour of exercise can get you up to five hours standby and up to one hour of normal use. of course people move different, their phones are of different makes and ages, but these numbers are informed estimations. the best way to see how much time you generate is with ampy+ and the timer feature. that said, we don't recommend repeatedly discharging the battery close to empty. hopefully this helps! also tobias, as discussed off-chain we believe you have a faulty product and a new one is on the way.
i now tested the internal ampy battery with a eletronic load and the real useable capacity i get out with a load of 1 a is 5,35 wh. so it will ne not possible to load a iphone 6 full how it is promised. the iphone 6 have a 6,91 wh battery and i think you will need arround 8 wh to charge it to full. you always need more power because there are step-down losses and also the loading of lithium batterys are not 100 % effective. i do not have a iphone 6 but from the data i messured i guess it can be charged 2/3 in best case! the ampy weights more than 200 g for this weight you get powerbanks with arround 25 wh. summary: the kinetic loader should realy work to make the ampy a usefull devices! thanks ampy to picup my hopefully bust ampy and send me a new one! there is a little hope left that your realy nice concept will realy work.
@ampy, thank you for the same market spiel again.  you missed the whole point of "motion powered battery" that caught my attention.  i trust you will not do anything further to convince me and many others from believing that your product falls very short of expectations. even your ampy+ app is useless and tells me from motion through my phone not even from ampy should have charged the battery twice over.  from what real performance measures that i seen; the amount of kinetic energy i put into this will barely give me enough power to charge a dumb phone let alone a smart phone.  the only thing this thing manages to light up is the blue activity light which makes for a crappy noisy flashlight. however i digress.... i appreciate you going through the efforts of putting this together and at least fulfilling deliveries even if this product won't go anywhere once people realize they have an overpriced electric outlet dependent backup battery that doubles as a fridge magnet.
last night, get my ampy move in japan!!!
dear ampy, it would be a good idea to give us some more informations about the real performance. you promise 1 hours normal use from 1 hour of running (on kickstarter you promise much more!). so that would be for a iphone 5 with a 5,45 wh battery and a normal usetime max. 15 h that the ampy should produce 0,36  wh per hour! this would be a good output and this is why we are interested in our product. the ampy battery has around 6,6 wh so every led should stand for arround 1,65 wh and should be charged with 5 hours of running (or shaking). thanks for your support,hope to get the story to a good end!
@victor -- thanks for reaching out. sorry to hear your disappointment. ampy move was designed to take the power you generate through motion to get you to the end of your day. the best way to approach any usage, especially when going off the grid, is to start with a fully charged ampy move, generate power over time as you move, and manage the power in your device and smartphone with ampy+. whether an led goes up or not, you are still generating power that can charge your devices. it's also important to remember that like all batteries, continually discharging at empty is bad for the device and will shorten the lifespan.
after 14 hours, the output of ampy was only of 28 mwh, this is unacceptable
probably going to hear more of this from everyone but this device is next to useless for going off the grid.  if the only way to get any decent charge built up is to recharge it from the wall then what's the whole point of the motion aspect?  this is pretty much a gimmick and no better then an overpriced run of the mill backup battery.   i could've gotten a much larger capacity battery for half the price of one of these. i drained the battery and kept ampy on me for over a week now trying to see if i can even get one led to light up. over 100,000 steps from walking (clipped to my belt), running (clipped to my belt), and my one hour cardio classes (clipped to my arm) and i also spent a few minutes just shaking the hell out of it.
thanks for the replies. i have connected my lg g2 to ampy, charging from 39% to 63% until ampy battery went empty (legion meter showed 1750 mwh from ampy to my smartphone). ampy does not show any led, tomorrow i will test the kinetic charging again.
@joshue -- glad to hear it arrived! awesome that you've been wearing it, but it does take quite a bit of movement to go from 3 to 4 led lights, and more emphasis on exercises like running. that said, just because it didn't go up one led, doesn't mean you didn't add more charge. as long as ampy move is oriented correctly, your movement will continue to power the battery inside the device!
another important information when you what to test the output of the kinetic energie. you have to discharge the devices with a small devices that only pulls a few maps for example a fitness tracker. if you have an electronic load (like i have) discharge for example only with 100 ma until the devices voltage drops to zero. than wait one hour and discharge again. do this 3-4 times to be sure the battery is realy empty. if you discharge with a lager devices, for example a smartphone, there battery will stop before it is totaly empty because a smartphones pulls 1000 ma and more and the voltage drops earlyer. so it you discharge with a smartphone and than shake the ampy a few moments and than try to dicharge again with a small devices like a fitnessband, you can continue discharge. but this energie will not come from the movements for sure, it is only because the battery still have so charge. i hope my english is good enought so that all of you understand what is important for a good testing? @joshue: this kind of testing will not work. to charge from 3 to 4 leds you will have to do much more movements. also every battery have a self-discharge and you have to fill up this also. it would be better if you try testing with an empty battery.
i received ampy 3 days ago with charge of 3 leds on. i have not discharged it. i carried on 17 hour a day  the last 2 days on the waist, and the charge level is yet at 3 leds. it is normal the charge continues at 3 led level?
@tobias good point about the battery recovery. this makes the device even less practical. i think it's now safe to conclude to all those waiting: there is no practical way you will be able to completely refill the ampy battery from zero charge to full from motion alone. we are actually being told to charge this thing from the wall for it to be practical. what's the point of that? this makes this device useless for regenerating enough power to recharge your devices over long backpacking trips. just stick to lighter, cheaper, backup batteries if this is the case.
@gos -- should arrive late this week or early next week!
and shipment to the netherlands ?
@kentaro -- should arrive next week!
how about shippment to japan?
@robert -- glad your ampy move arrived. we're sorry for the extra fee and understand the frustration, but unfortunately we have to declare the cost of the unit for two reasons: 1) to insure the whole product if it is lost or damaged in transit and 2) we don't want to commit tax evasion. ampy move is more expensive than would be allowed for a "gift" which makes it duty exempt and all of our products are dap meaning that we handle the shipper to the location but no extra charges past shipping.
@tobias -- that is uncommonly low. we'd love to take a look at your particular device as it sounds like a defective product. we will follow up in a personal message.
ampy arrived today with an import tax of eur 28 :-( could that not be avoided? robert
i have done the first tests and the ampy is realy bad or defect. jogging 60 min with ampy on my arm produces 7 mwh only. shacking it 20 min also only produces 9 mwh. this is nothing. even a small fitness tracker needs 300-500 mw to get charged full. for all tester: if you discharge the ampy (or any other battery) you have to wait a few hours and than discharge it again before you can test. it is normal that a lithium battery will recover a bittle bit with the time. so if you discharge ampy than walk a while and than try to charge your phone and it works for a few moments this is not the energy from the movement, it is from the recovery! after you realy discharge it you can start real tests. @ampy is my devices defect or is this very very small output the normal one? if i shake it, the blue led is glowing when i push the button!
@marc -- should be there this week or next!
@margareta -- should arrive late this week or next week!
@g. -- will follow up with an email.
@chin -- glad to hear it arrived! let us know if you have any questions while using it.
@robert -- following up on a personal message about your address.
hy still waiting ;-)
hi. when do you expect shipping to australia? (i would like it as soon as possible! :) )
unfortunatly you missed clearing the custom germany i desperately need a bill about what i've got and what i've paid. would you plesae send me kind of that straight waway so i can go to the custom tomorrow to pay the fee and get my ampy. c.k.dexter-haven@gmx.net thanks
after a year, finally received my apmy move. was hoping to receive it before my trip to taiwan. unfortunately, it arrived during my trip. will come back with review later
any word on the eta to nz? cheers
@michal -- your ampy move should arrive this week!
any chances to get information if my ampy has been shipped? just got paper work from customs and i was wondering if the package is from you guys.
@ben -- your ampy move will also arrive late this week or early next week!
@christian -- your ampy move will arrive late this week or early next week!
@diana -- looks like your ampy move should arrive this week!
no postcard and no ampy here in hamburg, germany.
my first tests with ampy are terrible. i'll report my conclusions here in a week or two.
did not receive any postcard ans still wating for my ampy near munich, germany
hello, when i will recieve it in india, its been delaying only from your end, kindly update the status for shipping to india,i was a a backer.. thanks,
@gouhier -- fantastic to hear! now go get moving!
@ampy -- i have received my ampy, and it's amazing !
@joe -- should be to you next week!
i'm in texas and received the post card a long time ago. should it have arrived already or are they still being processed for the states? thanks.
@hoby @creator ampy arrived yesterday, i it looks great, precharged it powered up two phones, now down to zero. i will be charging it with casual movement rather than from a socket - will let you know how i get on...
@gouhier -- less than two weeks!
hi ampy, still waiting in france, maybe in two weeks ;)
@akard -- your ampy move should arrive mid next week or early two weeks from now!
@thac2027 -- your ampy move will be there next week sometime, hopefully earlier!
@oliver -- great to hear it arrived! it will take more than a 20 minute run to build up to an led, so definitely keep moving! if you want a quick charge to add to what you're generating, one overnight charge from the wall is a great option.
@steve -- your ampy move should arrive sometime next week!
like thac2027, i have neither received the postcard nor the ampy itself. any idea when it is sent to france ? thank you.
hello,  did not receive a postcard or ampy yet. any word when it'll arrive in belgium? thank you
hi, got my ampy the other day, looks great and showed 2 lights straight away, charged up my phone a few times and now the lights don't come any more so took it for a 20 min. run to give it some charge and still no lights ! gutted.
i have not received post card or ampy, an early supporter aswolf70@gmail.com 120 october glory avenue ocean view de 19970-3234 +1-240-779-7534
@simpson -- apologies simpson!
@simon -- sorry for this delay. looks like late this week or early next week!
still waiting for my ampy although i received the postcard weeks ago. can u give me an update as to when i should expect to receive it? thank you.
@john -- following up with a personal message to confirm your address.
@simon -- great to hear, and glad the armband made sense after a moment. certainly appreciate the testing of course, but for typical use, we continue to recommend starting with a full ampy move (charging from the wall overnight) and going about your day using power and generating power, and hopefully arriving at a net zero. let us know if you have any questions!
@byungha -- it's on the way! all international orders will be in the mail very soon.
@hüseyn -- your ampy move is on it's way. we've been sending out international orders and will have them all in the mail soon!
@julian -- should be on its way and to you in the next two weeks!
hi. i did receive the announcement postcard, but have not received the ampy. i presume this is a p.o. problem, but is there any tracking information that i can use to check? thanks.
international delivery received today (london).  great presentation.  super quality materials.  was a little bemused by how the sportsband worked until i realised i had to remove the belt and then thread it through a different way. gah!  looking forward to draining the battery and testing the recharge out on my daily run.  go ampy!
i want to recieve ampy !.! :( i read some comment here  there are lot of people recieve it it make more earnest...... where is my ampy.... plz come on... here are korea...  i know here are far from there but  really i want you
hi ampy.=) i have not get my device yet. can i get information if you sent it? thanks
i just realized that most comments here are about shipping and experiences with pre charged [via usb] ampy's. i want to really love this novel idea and really want to be proven wrong. so i'd like to ask if you are able to, please post your experiences with kinetically generated power starting with zero charge. (that way you know that any power you receive is from motion alone) has anyone gone past 1 led from motion alone? what sort of a practical charge did you receive (even if it's powering something small) and how much motion did it require? i think we owe it to the engineers to report in.
@dropkicker i too would love to see evidence of the 90-sec uber claim. assuming both the smartphone and ampy start out empty, the ampy would need to generate enough power within that 90secs of shaking to power the smartphone for at least 90secs minimum. a dead phone will require some time to boot, acquire a data signal, then start up ubers app before you can then proceed to order a car. 90 seconds of shaking for 90 seconds of active phone use? my personal experience says otherwise.
hi still no sign of my order in london?
@josh -- awesome! and i believe you were the one who said, "accio ampy," thus being the magical one. sorry for the lame harry potter joke.
just sent a private message as well.  you guys must be magic it showed up today!  can't wait to try it out!  thanks!
@josh -- sorry about this delay. your ampy move should be there early next week!
hey guys i'm a bit confused. i got a postcard a few weeks ago dying my ampy should arrive within a few days. so far nothing. can you help me figure out what's up?  i'm in ihio. thanks, josh
@ben -- our apologies for the lack of clarity. we have been shipping international orders, and some have been received. we haven't shipped them all yet, but are working to get them all out soon. your ampy move should be there in the next few weeks.
"international orders are shipped and received" i did not receive anything...
@ogawa -- your ampy move is in the mail! it should be there next week!
still waiting in japan.
@raquel -- this is interesting and may be a battery issue. will follow up with a personal message in case we need to bring it into the office to check whether it's working properly.
so am i doing something wrong? i have been walking with my ampy and it has never gotten past three lights. i used it today and it did partially charge my phone. however, now it won't seem to charge at all. i have shaken it, walked with it, and even plugged it into my computer but nothing is happening. can someone offer advice? this product has a lot of potential but a few issues it seems.
@christian -- international orders are being shipped and received! yours will be shipped next week. we're excited for you to receive it!
@hoby -- sorry to hear about your frustration. ampy move was designed as a way to help your phone get to the end of your day using your motion. it sounds like you saw the leds increase, which indicates that the device is storing your kinetic energy. it also sounds like the device did charge your phone for some amount of time, albeit shorter than you expected. your phone can sometimes miss small increases in battery percentage due to the way it's measured. however, you can use the ampy+ smartphone app to get a better sense of how much battery life went into your phone.
@andrew sweet. email me at tips@drop-kicker.com and we can get this ball rolling.
still waiting in germany for my ampy
@dropkicker, yeah i am. $75
@hoby, it's strange that you're getting such poor results.  the ampy team claims that shaking a fully discharged device for just 90 seconds is enough to charge a phone to the point where they could call an uber. it's possible that a number of devices are defective.  ampy, could you provide a video demonstrating the functionality you claim with a device that you've verified is working correctly? the last thing you want is another steve jobs "you're holding it wrong" debate!
i think the lost opportunity here (and perhaps biggest source of frustration from your concerned backers) is the inability for the device to replenish itself. instead, it seems the kinetic energy is simply used to counter the naturally occurring battery drain. did another test the other day--charged the ampy from zero charge to 1 led of power by running 32km over 3 hours. a day later, while still showing 1 led, i attempted to charge my iphone 6 to see how much of a boost i'd get. to my disappointment it didn't charge for more than a minute. no increase in battery % at all.
@vinzius -- international orders are being shipped and received (a few have commented here)! yours should be there in the next two weeks.
new eta for international backers? should this week nop?
@andrew if you're an early bird, i might be willing to take it off your hands.
@franklin -- it's on it's way! will be to you by next week. we're excited too!
@don -- sorry for this delay! looks like it was initially lost but is back on track and should be to you by the end of this week or early next week.
still waitiing,but excited for ampy to come in the mail in the u.s.
runrun if your still interested in purchasing another ampy, i'd be willing to sell you mine at the price i got it plus shipping.
i see some people have received their ampy. is there a way to get an idea of when your ampy is on its way? i'm worried mine got lost or something... thanks!
@miles -- glad it arrived! this sounds like a battery issue with your device. we're going to follow up with a personal message to see if we need to check it out.
just got my ampy the other day and i was super excited to try it out. i took it on a bike ride and it when i got home it showed 3 of 4 white led's when pressing the button. i plugged it in to my galaxy s6 edge that had 9% battery left. within 5 minutes the ampy was completely dead (recognized by the fact that my phone no longer showed it was plugged in). is this the intended operation? if so, i must say that the result is extremely underwhelming.
whats with the grumpy comments?  get out there and run....add juice to your phone!
hi guys....love my ampy!  where can i buy another for my girlfrind?  she is also very active and loves the idea of being part of the solution rather than the problem.
@ampy -- any chance you can post a video demonstrating a fully dead ampy getting enough charge to call an uber with 90 seconds of shaking? i think it might help a lot of people to see the proper technique in shaking the ampy to get these kinds of results.
@cat -- great to hear! glad your ampy has made it across the pond. and yes, while useful, shaking ampy is a bit ridiculous. but still useful!
@dropkicker -- the device was empty before the shaking.
@ampy -- so to be clear, was the ampy fully discharged at the beginning of those 90 seconds? or had it previously been fully charged from the wall as you suggested to @joseph?
hello from london! i got my ampy last week and it's already saved me several times! most notably saturday night after a night at the pub i was able to shake my ampy enough to call my cab... (and make my friend laugh...a lot!) total life saver!!! cheers ampy!!
@dropkicker -- one of our employees shook for about 90 seconds, which gave the phone enough power to call an uber. the phone did run out of battery right afterwards. definitely a late night help!
i agree with @kristen that it is a fun toy but inefficient like most kinetic energy devices like hand crank battery chargers.  so far the only thing i've been convinced of is this product is great for emergencies if i was somehow stuck in the middle of nowhere and had to make a call for help.  something i could do already from the plethora of battery backups that are on the market that i can fully charge from a wall outlet.  what makes yours different?  you can generate energy from motion but how much?  very little it seems....  i don't completely blame you for the catchy idea that compelled me to back this product.  i should've done my homework and see that another start up product existed that failed called npower peg.   same concept and same cost is greater then how much energy this product delivers over just buying a larger capacity backup battery and keeping that fully charged.
@ampy didn't you guys say that you shook your ampy enough to call an uber?  how long did you have to shake it?
@joseph -- sorry to hear that. a couple of thoughts: i'd recommend putting the device on your body (our accessory kit is a great way to do this) because by holding it you may stabilize the motion in the inductors. the best places to wear it is your arm above the elbow, your hip, or your ankle. also, i'd suggest filling up your ampy move completely from the wall, rather than trying to build up battery from zero. with the motion charging you always have a power source, but to ensure you have all the power you need at all hours of the day, it's a great strategy to get the most out of your ampy move! i can follow up with a personal message to see if we need to take a look, but thank you for reaching out joseph!
was very excited to get my ampy but o don't think it is working properly. went for a half hour run with it oriented vertically in my hand today and it apparently didn't generate enough energy for even 1% power charge on my phone. trying to shake but no results either
@sure -- got it. will follow up with a personal message.
@raphael -- unfortunately we don't have personal tracking numbers, but we have started shipping international orders. they'll arrive throughout the month, but you should expect yours soon!
hi team, please follow up with me on my order. have not received anything yet. domestic. thanks
living in china, haven't received my package, is there any way to trail the process? my friends and i are looking forward to testing it.
@azael -- unfortunately our shipping partner doesn't provide individual tracking numbers, but your ampy move will arrive as early as today, and as late as early next week!
nothing yet an tracking number
@brendan -- there are a few domestic orders still on their way. followed up in a personal message.
i live in the u.s., but still haven't recvd mine. anyone else in the same situation?
@pam -- sorry for the delay! your ampy move should be there in the next two to three business days.
hi, i'm a us backer and i still haven't received my ampy yet. have all us ampy been sent?
@yang -- unfortunately our shipping partner doesn't provide personal tracking numbers, but your ampy move should be there in the next two to three business days! following up with a personal message.
how can i get my tracking number ?
@yolo -- 1800 mah!
whats the mah of the ampy battery ?
@azael -- sorry for the delay! your ampy move should be there late this week or early next week.
any tracking number
@kristen — glad your ampy move arrived. it’s a great way to get some extra juice to get your phone to the end of the day. while it won’t replace the wall, it does hold a full smartphone charge. speaking of emergencies, a few of us have been stranded with a dead smartphone late at night, so we shook our ampy move for a minute, and generated enough power to call an uber! true story.
i got mine today. it's a fun toy, but not at all efficient. i'm guessing that the action with the magnet and coil take too much space to have a really good battery that stores enough of the energy to be competitive. plus, simple induction takes way too much work anyway. i like the idea though, especially in an emergency. that's what those faraday flashlights are good for as well.
@julian -- it has not, but international orders will start going out next week! check out our latest update on international orders: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1071086547/ampy-power-your-devices-from-your-motion/posts/1374535
@victor -- you can still charge your phone with the power you generate throughout the week. ampy move was developed as a solution to get you to the end of your day, with the power you generate throughout your days, by walking running, or however you move. those numbers are a bit outdated, as we’ve updated them in our blog posts, updates and on our site here around march: http://www.getampy.com/ampy-move#sec-3 these numbers are subject to the user and the user's phone, but good guides.
@hoby -- it’s a great accessory for multi-day hikes and ultra runs, and movement charges the device up. on those days, we definitely suggest starting with a full ampy move (like a battery pack), but as you move throughout the day, your device will continue to build up additional power (unlike any other battery pack).
has the international shipping completed yet? i'm still waiting for mine....
outch, early comments aren't good...
the idea that attracted me was that i thought i would be able to recharge the battery from a decent amount of exercise a week without needing to run to an outlet.  now it seems that might have been my mistake and the original estimates from the campaign appear to be quite off https://ksr-ugc.imgix.net/assets/002/829/395/3140ed867190f8a93535e4c95314e84c_original.jpg… how rigorous of a workout are you expecting the average consumer to do to actually fill the battery halfway?  i don't know if telling users to fully charge the battery from the wall is really making your product stand out from your garden variety battery backup with a much larger capacity.
@ampy that's unfortunate as i viewed this as a great accessory for multi-day hikes and ultra runs. solar power isn't always reliable and thermoelectric stoves aren't always usable during summer. if you can get the efficiency up then i think you've got a very promising product that can take off. another comment: for me personally, i'd like to see capacity lights report out linearly. that way i know that if it took 50km of running to get 1 led of charge then i can predict that another 50km will get me a 2nd charge.
@ray -- sounds like a great bike ride! it's important to remember that whether an led lights up or not, you're still generating power that goes into ampy move's battery. if you want a quick charge, plugging into a wall outlet with the micro-usb cord we provided is a great option.
@victor -- glad to hear you've been moving a ton! as we said to @hoby, all that moving and shaking does power the device, whether an led goes up or not. while the motion charging always gives you a source of power, you're right that charging from the wall is a great strategy to make sure you have the amount of battery life you want. if you're unhappy with the amount of power you're generating compared to the amount you're using, the wall outlet is a good way to get a quick fill. ampy+ is a great way to help manage your phone's power.
@matthew -- not yet. your ampy move should be there in the next few days. following up with a personal message.
@hoby -- we hear you on the charging. getting an additional led is a tough even after 1-2 days of movement. in general, running is a much more efficient way to generate energy compared to walking. that said, it’s important to remember that you are still generating energy and producing more battery life for your phone, whether an additional led lights up or not.
my ampy also doesn't move past the one bar - wore it all day and then rode bike for 4 hours - twice in a week, still at one bar, any suggestions or is this normal ? thanks
@andy -- not yet. yours is still on it's way. will follow up with a personal message.
@hoby,  so far i'm on my third day with ampy on my hip with about 40000 steps and have yet to see it move past the one bar.  i also did a few minutes of just shaking the thing each day to see if i can get the bar up.  i hate to say this feels more like just another battery backup that needs to be kept charged from a wall to get any decent use out of it.    :t
hello. wondering if all units to us addresses have shipped. thanks.
has anyone gotten past the 1st bar of charge through movement alone? here's what i've tried: i started with zero charge on weds. i wore it all day on my belt for 2 days straight and at the end of the 2nd day, have not managed to light up the 2nd bar. here are my metrics: 32,801 steps, which includes about 19km of running. (close to half marathon) the ampy was on my hip the whole time. if all that is not able to produce more than 1 bar of charge, i can't fathom how much movement it would take to get an entire 4 bars through movement alone. (considering it gets progressively harder to fill each bar)  is this working as intended? or is it just me? i can confirm it can charge to 4 bars through usb charging.
should all us backers have their units now?
@collins -- right now ampy+ is compatible with ios 8 and above. your 4s should be able to download ios 8. we'd suggest upgrading in order to use ampy+.
hello. my iphone 4s has ios 7. i cannot upgrade to 8. does that mean i can't use ampy? is it that hard to make your app compatible with ios 7?
@vinzius -- sorry to disappoint. ultimately it was the best option to fulfill units as fast as possible, but your ampy move will be there soon.
again, so disappointing you gave priority to us backers. i hope your won't be lower in my trust.
@joseph -- no need to worry! will follow up in a personal message.
hi, didn't receive my ampy yet, which i wouldn't be concerned about except that so many people talked about a post card that i never got...this is making me nervous
@keith -- thanks for reaching out. we recently sent out a new international shipping update, but know we're working to beat that timeline: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1071086547/ampy-power-your-devices-from-your-motion/posts/1374535 message us if you'd like to talk further, but you should receive your ampy move before you leave.
hi, when is my ampy scheduled to arrive in korea? i will be leaving here for good in december.
@kevin -- thanks! we're very excited to get it to you!
@dirk -- thanks for reaching out. we recently sent out a new international shipping update, but know we're working to beat that timeline: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1071086547/ampy-power-your-devices-from-your-motion/posts/1374535
@carinth -- thanks for reaching out. your ampy move is still on it's way. we'll follow up with a personal message!
glad that i backed this project. looking forward to my ampy!
hi~ i haven't received my ampy. is it on the way now?
i likewise have not received my ampy yet
@nikunj -- thanks for reaching out. your ampy move should be there in a few days. following up with a personal message!
i got a post card about 3-4 weeks ago saying my ampy was on the way, but didn't received it yet. can i get the tracking id so that i can check where is my ampy?
@gregory -- this made us chuckle. your ampy moves should be there tomorrow. following up with an explanation through a personal message.
i got a post card like 3 weeks ago saying my ampy was on the way, did the shipping company need to use my ampy to charge their delivery truck?
@quin -- got it. we're going to update this page when the app is available to download, so you'll be one of the first to know!
alright thanks! i have an ios. and it wasn't a lightning cable xp just a micro usb
@quin -- great to hear! what type of phone do you have? the ios app will be in the stores this week and the android beta tester version is right here: https://play.google.com/apps/testing/com.getampy.ampyplus
@bruce -- glad your ampy move arrived! regarding the charge, it takes an hour of exercise to get up to five hours of standby battery life and up to one hour of typical use battery life. we define exercise fairly rigorously to encourage people to get more out of their ampy move. walking generates power but at a lower rate than running or cycling. if you're looking for more power generation, a quick plug into the wall will charge up your ampy move as well. regarding your motion, having ampy move in your pocket facing upright (vertically while looking at the logo), you should feel the inductors moving up and down, but less than if you were shaking (as you mentioned). if you hold the ampy move while walking, your arm may be stabilizing the motion that charges the device, which is why you don't feel it. if it's clipped to your hip and you hold down the right button while walking, you should see the blue led flash. we're sorry to hear about the armband. the material we chose is stretchable enough to allow ampy move in without tearing. it's true there's no port through the armband to charge (although you could stuff a cord in there), but most people have been running or biking while wearing the armband, and tend to charge less during those times. hopefully this has been helpful and you've enjoyed your ampy move experience! we recommend downloading ampy+ too, as it's a great help in managing your battery life.
received my ampy today! love how you guys included an extra lighting cable :o. is the ampy+ app out yet? i've read around the box and in the quick start to download it but can't find it?
can someone who has had their ampy for a while give me a rough idea of how much activity is needed to get a full charge? when i got mine three days ago, only three status lights came on. i assume this means it had between 50-75% of full charge. after about 2 hours of walking, i have seen no change. also, if i hold the right button and shake it, i feel something moving inside. i assume this is the device that generates the power. however, if i hold the ampy vertically, either in my hand, or strapped to my belt at the waist while walking, i don't feel any movement inside. i am not convinced that anything is happening. third, it was a struggle to try to get the ampy into the arm band. i finally gave up because i didn't want to risk tearing it. plus, once it's in the arm band, there is no way to charge the phone until you remove it from the arm band. at least with the belt clip, you have access to the charging ports.
@benjamin goh -- glad to hear it arrived, and hope it's treating you well! thank you for the note on the postcard. a small portion of deliveries have had issues and we've followed up with people individually on their orders. that said, we hear the note and will do better in the future.
@benjamin pessah -- there's been an issue with our shipping partner on a small number of devices. it's no fun to see others receiving their ampy move and to not have it yet, but know that you should expect it soon. unfortunately our shipping partner doesn't have individual tracking numbers. i've followed up with an individual message, but amyp move should be in your hands asap.
thank you... i've received my ampy. i have to echo the thoughts of others though... it's very strange to receive the postcard so much earlier than the product. rather than give the impression that the device is on its way, it actually magnifies the fud that the product may have been lost in the mail. not really a good strategy.
i see all of these people getting there's.... where is mine !!
i'm just confused as to why even send out that post card telling us "your ampy is in the mail" wouldn't it be easier and cheaper to just send a update to the specific people who's ampy is in the mail on here, along with tracking info? lol just saying.... yet to see my ampy delivered
@alec -- yes! enjoy it!
just got ampy today. freakin amazing~! thanks guys!
@jennifer -- awesome! we hope you enjoy it. let us know how it goes!
my ampy + accessory pack came today!! this product has definitely exceeded my expectations-- from the packaging to the ampy itself, it looks like i product i would buy at bestbuy rather than from a kickstarter project. i'm impressed and already threw ampy in my purse so i have it when i need it.
@chad -- great to hear! looking forward to hearing how you like your ampy move.
i got the letter in the mail a few weeks ago saying that it was in the mail and i just wanted to say that i got my ampy today! i know you have been putting a lot of love in the product and i have to say that i am really impressed with it so far, a lot better quality then what i imagined it would be when i first signed up. the little blue light is brilliant, i think i will have to get off my butt and start running again!
@koen -- we understand the frustration and certainly don't intend on disadvantaging international backers. please know the delay shouldn't be much time at all. there won't be a delay in the production or shipping schedule. we're glad you're looking forward to receiving it, and we're working to get it to you asap.
@nicholas -- your order looks great. we just sent out a new international shipping update, but know we're working to beat that timeline: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1071086547/ampy-power-your-devices-from-your-motion/posts/1374535
@ray -- unfortunately our shipping partner doesn't have individual tracking numbers, but rest assured your ampy move will be to you as fast as the mail gets it there.
like robert, and presumably others as well, have said, it's disappointing to see international backers once again be disadvantaged. i can understand it taking longer to ship and hence receiving it at a later date, but to simply hold off on actually posting it until all the domestic ones have been fulfilled is pretty insulting to be honest. this seems to be the norm everywhere though, together with free shipping in the us, full charge anywhere else. makes your international customers feel second class in my opinion. having said that, i'm definitely still looking forward to getting the ampy.
sorry i must missed this "postcard" notification please could you check if my order is ok please. thanks
is there a tracking number that we can use?
@mohamed -- your ampy move should be in the mail now. did you receive a postcard notifying you that your device is in the mail?
@benjamin -- a bulk of orders (yours included) have been in the mail for just over a week. it takes a bit longer for packages to be sent with our shipping partner, but worry not, it should be there very soon.
@tim -- postcard or not, you should still be receiving your ampy move soon. it's in the mail now!
i live in sunnyvale california, i still didn't receive my ampy, has it been shipped yet within usa?
got the notification of my ampy "in the mail" about half a month ago or maybe longer... i still have yet to receive anything. what's going on here ?
@ampy i have not yet receive anything like that :(
@robert -- we understand the frustration, but in discussing options with our shipping partners, this was the ideal solution. but we're working to get your ampy move to you asap.
@belinda -- thanks for reaching out. i believe we're following up on a personal message thread.
@pradyumna -- i will send a personal note about this.
@tim --- very soon! have you received a postcard saying your ampy move is in the mail?
sending nationally first and the international is soooo old economy. what is wrong with first come first served?
van you explain please why it takes so long to send ampy to the international backers. i find it very disappointing that we still haven't received it. and why do we have to wait for one more month?
hi guys, very excited to get ampy. a while back now but i think i filled out the survey for address. rather than writing it in this public forum, could you tell me if you have received it please. belinda.heyward@gmail.com i've ordered/backed two, but thinking of buying more from the store. such a good idea for me as i go cycling "off the beaten track" and need such a clever device to power my phone.  thanks b
hi ampy: i have moved since i placed my order. how can i update my address? please let me know.
hi there! i'm really looking forward to getting my ampy, and have filled out the survey a while back, i was just wondering when i would get it?
indeed, it would be nice to have an eta for int. backers. it's not fair to have to wait much more...
@maikel -- we're planning to fulfill international units asap, hopefully within a month. more info is on the way for international backers!
hi guys, any idea when my ampy will arrive? can't wait anymore, i'm getting more excited every day! greetings from holland!!
@robert -- you're welcome! we're very excited for you to get your ampy move!
@lissa -- you will receive a postcard when your ampy move is in the mail! it should come in the next few days. hopefully you're traveling somewhere great!
@glenn -- great to hear! we're very excited for you to get your ampy move!
classy touch with the post card. thanks for the excellent communication.
hi guys - any word on my ampy?  traveling soon and can't wait to try it out!
thanks guys for the update. i just got home and received your mail. i am glad that i backed your project.
@glenn -- glad to hear it! we hope you've been enjoying the app. you'll receive a piece of physical mail in the next few days (most likely early next week) notifying you that your device is in the mail, and then should receive it a few days after that. essentially, your ampy move is coming very soon!
@joe -- you'll receive a piece of physical mail in the next few days (most likely early next week) notifying you that your device is in the mail, and then should receive it a few days after that. essentially, your ampy move is coming very soon! sorry we weren't able to get it to you before austin city limits.
i have been using your ampy+ since you first released it. in fact, you used one of my suggestion, can't wait to get my device. is there any way to get shipping status?
what's the status for shipments? i was hoping to have this before the austin city limits festival this weekend.
haven't yet been delivered here in twn
@victor -- we have fulfilled a very small number of international backers' orders, but the rest are coming very soon!
has anyone who got it shipped internationally, get their ampy yet?
@jennifer -- thanks for asking. we will continue fulfilling ampy moves over the next five weeks for those who have not received their device yet.
when should all of the backers have their ampys?
@benjamin: ​if you delete the app and reinstall it from testflight, do you still have this issue?
yes then today sept 23rd there was another download which is doing the same thing it's crashing as soon as i attempt to open it
@benjamin: is this the recent download sent today?
ampy+ app keeps crashing.... why?
@kat: it's a combination of us pushing the survey to those that haven't filled it out yet, and kickstarter pushing it out to everyone. hopefully it won't happen again.
@alec: super soon! we promise.
i've been asked for my shipping address at least three times. what's up with that? computer issues?
im hoping ampy gets here soon! i've been checking mailboxes and porches everyday~!
@michael: just sent a personal message to you about your address.
is there a way to see what shipping address i listed. had an unexpected move and still wanna get my ampy when it ships!
@ilse: great question. we will reach out soon to those with a "contact for address" note.
@jennifer: we've started shipping and will continue to do so over the next few weeks!
@byungha: we've started shipping devices, but more will be shipped in the coming weeks.
@scott: we have! more devices will be shipped soon.
@ben: news! https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1071086547/ampy-power-your-devices-from-your-motion/posts/1349611
@benjamin: sorry for the delay. we've shipped a number of devices, but we're shipping the rest in the next weeks!
when will you get in touch with folks who, on the survey, specified a non-permanent, "contact for address" option? we recently moved and would hate to get the ampy shipped to the wrong place! thanks!
ship date?
when does it start shipping?
have you started shipping yet?
news? news are welcome! ;)
when r these things being shipped ? lol it's been a minute now, i want i want i want !
i had planned to plug this into the pronto battery (another kickstarter project), to charge it while i move, will this work?
@umang -- survey completed!
@richard -- awesome to hear! ampy will be perfect for this.
could you tell me if i have completed my survey thanks
i can't tell you how excited i am to get an ampy!  i run long distances, and have to pack extra usb power packs for my phone, music and ms band.  this will be a great timesaver, as i won't have to recharge those things all the time!
@darrin -- thank you for asking. we haven't started shipping yet, but we will this month to primarily premium backers. most likely, the majority of kickstarter backers won't receive their device until september.
have you started to ship kickstarter orders?  any chance to find out an update to when or where we are in the list?  i was really really hopping to have this for a trip later this month.  please share what knowledge you can.  thanks.
@empchildren -- based on our manufacturing line, units are coming out just a bit later than anticipated. we're fulfilling kickstarter backer orders first, as this is our top priority.
so now august-sept for shipping?  any update on why it moved from aug to potentially sept?  fulfilling non-kick starter orders first?
@vinzius — we apologize for the delay. since certification, fulfillment and shipping will take longer for international backers, we wanted to provide a realistic timeline for delivery. we're doing all we can to get your ampy move in your hands as soon as possible.
two months delay for international backers is disappointing. i'm not sure why we have to wait much more than others.
@dirk -- surveys are coming soon!
@diana -- you can expect your device soon! read our latest shipping news in a recent update: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1071086547/ampy-power-your-devices-from-your-motion/posts/1238048
hello creators, did the survey that we were to provide our shipping info with already get sent out? i don't receive the survey.
hello ampy creators, when is the possibility of finally delivering ampy motion chargers to india, i backed your project 1 year back and still waiting for it. :/
@radiopirat -- thanks for sharing your concern. past issues with soft coat finishes becoming gluey and deteriorating are due to incorrect or poor paint formulation.  we have confirmed with the factory that this issue can and will be avoided.
unfortunately i've made only bad experiences with such soft coat-finished surfaces. they become very soon ugly and gluey when the softener volatilized. afterward the unit is useless because nobody will touch it... so i would like a unit without coating.
@eduardo -- backers can expect their devices soon. you can read our latest shipping news in a recent update: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1071086547/ampy-power-your-devices-from-your-motion/posts/1238048
hi, i pledged for an ampy preorder, i thought i was supposed to receive it last month. do you have a date for when the devices will be shipped to the backers?? thanks
@prajeeth -- you can read about our latest shipping news in a recent update. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1071086547/ampy-power-your-devices-from-your-motion/posts/1238048
@adam -- yes! we sent you an email about the accessory kit.
hello ampy team when will i receive my device? please update. thanks - pj
is it possible to order the accessory pack after the fact?
thanks for letting me know. i've been testing it out and have messaged you through test flight about it as well, but my app calorie and joule count usually does not update unless i open the health app along with ampy+. if i don't open the health app it takes ampy much longer to update.
@alec -- the app does not need to be open in the background to track your calories, it will update each time you open it. however, your battery life forecast will be most accurate if you keep the app open in the background. ios is optimized so each app only takes up a small portion of resources while in the background, and for ampy+, this is typically 1% or less. you can check your battery usage in the ios settings to see if the app is using more than 1%.
awesome thanks! just another question, i'm loving the ampy+ app so far! i was just wondering though if i need to keep the app open even in the background in order for it to track calories and joules?
@alec: it hasn't been sent yet, but will soon. appreciate you asking!
@quin: thanks! we thought that was pretty neat.
@raquel: we're going to be sending a shipping address survey soon so you can make sure your address is up to date. be on the lookout. thanks!
i notice many people mentioning that they are switching shipping info and such. did the survey that we were to provide our shipping info with already get sent out? if it did, i don't believe i received one.
sweet! just saw you guys on cnn from snapchat!
hi! i need to change my shipping address for my ampy since i am moving before it ships. can you please help me with what i need to do to have it sent to the right place?  thank you
@nikunj: unfortunately you will not receive it for the 4th of july weekend. here is our latest shipping update: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1071086547/ampy-power-your-devices-from-your-motion/posts/1238048
hello, its june 21st.i just wanted to check when will i receive my ampy? we have planned a trip for 4th july weekend. so just wanted to check if i will be receiving ampy before that or not so that i can use it on the trip. thanks
@aaron: yes! send us an email at contact@getampy.com to sort this out.
can i ask if i could add the accessory pack to my pledge without using the pre-order form? it seems to be adding a separate shipping charge such that it will be shipped on its own rather than together with the ampy unit. the shipping charge is quite high so i would like to make sure of this. thanks!
hey ampy, how are you? :) i just want to ask you, whether it is possible for you to mark the items as a gift or something. technically, we have donated money on ks, not actually purchased anything. so it could be labelled as a gift/merchandise or a sample. it can also be labelled at it's base production cost, not at retail cost. this would help the international backers a lot (in case of customs/taxes/fees or something like that)!  have a nice evening! sincerly  tri
@travis: you can read about our latest shipping updates in a recent update. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1071086547/ampy-power-your-devices-from-your-motion/posts/1238048
june is here.  i'm heading to philmont scout ranch in new mexico on june 30th.  can i expect my ampy to be delivered on time?
sweet update!!!! thanks. also would there be any way to add another ampy to our previous orders or do we need to wait until they officially come out? got a friend i'd like to gift them to.
summer = june?
@julian: thanks for reaching out. we are still on our summer timeline and will be sending a shipping survey soon. more updates to come shortly.
@alec: sorry for the delay. we will be sending a shipping survey soon. be on the lookout.
any update on when orders will start to be fulfilled?
any news on when we need to get shipping info to you guys?
@paddy: the motion does need to be oscillatory. ampy works great on your leg while biking though!
@alec: we're excited too!
this may be a silly question ( this applies http://buttersafe.com/2008/10/23/the-detour/) if i were to strap this to the wheel of my bike would it still be capable of generating power or is the motion required to produce power have to be oscillatory?
nice! bigger battery for more power on the go!! sounds and looks amazing! super stoked to get my hands on ampy this summer!
@byungha: thank you for your support! if you don't have the accessory kit, you can put your ampy in your pocket or in a bag. we designed ampy so you can use it however you want, so having it in your pocket will produce lots of energy, as well as wearing it on the accessory kit.
hi, i'm satisfied of ampy and  i have some question of this device  when i was funded this device i check only device ( except accessory ) if i use device except accessory i can use only in my pocket? and when i use in my pocket, device moves in pocket space it makes less energy better than use accessory?
@guan thanks!
kudos to you guys being regular in your responses to queries on ks. much appreciated.
@m. yang: sounds like a great trip. we'll keep you updated as we make decisions on shipping.
hi! i'm going on macchu picchu hike in late may - if there are early test units like @scott mentioned or some sort of early shipping, that would be amazing.
@vinzius: we're working on a very exciting update in the next few weeks. also we're still on track to meet our summer shipment date.
hi! time for a new update :) ? eta is still june ? cheers.
@fae thanks for your support! we'd love to hear about your experience with ampy on the trail. feel free to email us at contact@getampy.com any time.
oh! reading down a bit- i'd gladly report in on how mine works while i'm on the trail!! (pct)
testy bled = stumbled upon. haha!
oh my gosh! i had forgotten i funded this, and have since made plans to hike the pct (from the mexican border to the canadian border), and was looking to purchase a solar charger for my phone... until now, when i just testy bled upon this and remembered i'll have it!! yay, that's so exciting! :) now i can allocate a little more money where it's needed!
@simon, check back by the end of the week. thanks!
hey @scott, great idea. we're looking into things like this. thanks for your support!
how about another update!
if it hasn't been suggested yet- i think you should get some early test units on some of the "long trails" - hiking trails that span the us from north to south. the three largest are the pct (pacific crest trail), the cdt (continental divide trail), and the best known and most hiked, the ap (appalachian trail) this device holds some obvious appeal to hikers- charge electronics anytime you are moving! there are even headlamps that are rechargeable from mini usb ports. that makes ampy a perfect fit. i will be looking forward to seeing what you do in the future. that's why i funded your project!
@cheryl - one clarification to that. our $1 pledge reward was us burning calories for every backer we get, and that was estimated for january 2015. we actually completed this last month! click on updates to see more details.
hey @cheryl, our projected delivery was actually listed as june 2015, not january 2015. sorry for the confusion! we know the text is small on the kickstarter sidebar. we'll be updating everyone on manufacturing in a couple weeks, so look out for that!
hey - projected delivery was january 2015, which is where we are right now and i haven't heard anything about receiving my ampy? please advise. thx!!!
@ ampy i think that youve missed tri's point, the taxes section only talks about your income and us sales tax - neither of which affect backers outside the us. my understanding is that we have donated money and have not purchased something. the item we receive is a thank you gift rather than a purchase. so when these items get exported, they should be marked as gifts and will be dealt as the receiving country sees fit. although, i wouldnt be surprised if i'm wrong or if there are further technicalities etc....
@tri hey! we did check with kickstarter, and they referred us to the following page: http://www.kickstarter.com/help/taxes we hope this helps, but if not, send us a message and we can try to offer any other help.
hey ampy, how are you? :) i just want to ask you again, whether it is possible for you to mark the items as a gift or something. technically, we have donated money on ks, not actually purchased anything. so it could be labelled as a gift or a sample. it can also be labelled at it's base production cost, not at retail cost. this would help the international backers a lot (in case of customs/taxes/fees or something like that)! you have said that you will check this with ks... have a nice evening! sincerly tri
are we going to be receiving any more updates here???
you know what would have made this even cooler? it if it were reflective, or glowed in the dark. that would have been awesome.
hi ampy -  my friend mary and i recently backed this project independently while living on separate coasts and we wanted to tell you how awesome we think it is so we filmed a video. let us know what you think! https://www.dropbox.com/s/9a9kwx74at4z6qq/2014-11-16%2022.58.22.mov… thanks, paige & mary
@vegapunk - as the pledges have already been processed, we can only deliver accessory kits to those who initially ordered them. however, we now have pre-orders for the accessory kit alone on our website (www.getampy.com), so you can grab on there!
in the backer-survey will there be an option to add on the accessories if our backer reward doesn't include them?
@jennifer - yes! you're all set to get your ampy in june! @margareta and @alec - we did not meet our stretch goal for the white ampy but are still working on ways to get it. before we ship, we'll be sending you a backer survey where you can confirm your address and hopefully your color!
ya i was also wondering if we would be able to select which color we would receive or if that was even an option?
congrats!
sorry, just saw your post! looking forward to it. cheers
same here. good fun! would i possibly be able to have a white one sent to me?
congrats ampy, today i have been charged on my credit card by your project,so its sure i will get this product along with mentioned goodies once its released world wide?
congrats! now i'm looking forward to june to get it!
congrats!
congrats!
congrats!!
congrats!!
now this is my kind of device! backed and posted to my facebook and google+ calisthenics pages.
that's what the arm bands or belt holsters are for.
sorry dude. still looks too rectangular and fat. need to look more like a soap box (or soap) it in my skinny jeans' pocket.
dude it's half the size of an iphone 5.... and thickness maybe just a tad thicker... how much smaller would you want? they show the comparisons in some of the pics/videos. it's small already
would you consider changing the shape of the ampy? it looks bulkyish. it should be the same volume but should resemble more the cell phone size and shape. that way, it will fit better in men's pant's pockets.
@matthew check out some of our updates of how we've been using it. ampy charges smartphones as fast as the wall, so around 1% per minute. @simon - we established a stretch goal that we would ensure allowed us to take care of all costs related to tooling and minimum order quantities to get ampy in white to all of the backers that want it.
$52,000 more, (half the original goal), for "the original carbon black and the pearl white"?
is there anyway ampy could post more videos of it being used? also, is there a way you could do a time lapse video of a fully charged ampy powering a device? i am curious how long this takes to drain and power the device. thanks.
@tri - not too sure about this, but we'll check with kickstarter @carol - you can manage your pledge and change it to get the accessory pack
can i order the accessory pack?
hey ampy, is it possible to mark the international items as a gift? this could probably help some of us... (international shipping fees/taxes)
the current output of the device will charge the battery at the voltage it is at, which typically bottoms out at ~3v and tops out at 4.2v. the 3.7v value often used is an average of the range of voltages the battery experiences as it charges.
@ampy one quick question: is the current measurement taken at the battery (~3.7v)? or at some intermediate stage at a different voltage?
@victor - we totally agree! ampy is sweatproof, but not submergible yet. a few weeks ago, we had three runners run with ampys in the chicago marathon, and it held up great :)
i hope you do plenty of durability tests on these devices before you ship them out particularly with sweating!  i know myself, whenever i do any type of cardio workout i am drenched....  a battery pack that's water/sweat resistant will be quite awesome and also prevent from any unfortunate shocks from the energy it's built up!
@john - we actually share our power generation with our backers in our latest backer update. take a look and check it out, you may be surprised what we can do!
sorry, i made a mistake on counting my patents, i only have 3 issued us patents, 1 issued korean patent and 1 patent application to the prc (china) on energy measurement for portable devices.
as an engineer who has many patents in the us, china and other parts of asia on energy measurement for portable devices such as smartphones, i am concerned about the efficiency of your technology in converting kinetic energy into electrical energy. i think it is a great idea for a product, but most people don't generate enough kinetic energy to power tiny wristwatches, and so i'm concerned that fellow kickstarter will be disappointed. you're phds from northwestern -- how much kinetic energy does it take to power the 1000mah battery; more precisely, at this time -- what is your patent-pending technology's efficiency in converting kinetic energy to electrical energy, and thus mechanical power to electrical power? you should know this and you should share this with the kickstarters. thanks!
hope you all check out our latest backer-only update for some more technical details on ampy's power generation!
@ampy, i don't know if you saw my comment on your latest update, so i'll ask it here too. on the 15th, you stated that you would be providing an update with a "product demonstration".  is your latest update this demonstration? or do you plan to provide another update by friday showing ampy actually generating energy? just something as simple as a video of a current meter hooked up in series with the battery while you shake the ampy will suffice.
@cleo - we chose a battery size that our pilot users found gave them enough juice to get through their day while also keeping our form factor small and lightweight. we're considering future options for more power hungry folks, but you can always get more than one ampy
1000mah isn't much at all... any chance units could be made with 10000mah battery? the ampy+.  for power hungry and very active users :d
@mary that's a lovely sentiment, but the total amount of energy required to charge an iphone 6 (for example) for an entire year of use is under 4kwh/year.  if you are concerned about the environment, drive your car for roughly 15 minutes less per year.  it's roughly the same amount of energy savings. the energy required to create an ampy (injection molding, soldering, mining metals for the battery, etc) combined with the eventual impact on the environment upon its disposal (even recycling takes energy) will never be offset by the energy captured from your motion.
quick idea... either sell/give a few to rollercoaster parks to put on/under the rollercoaster(s), i bet that would make a-lot of energy!! yay green energy ... or pair with rollercoaster parks and they can have their customers ride wearing an ampy throughout their day and have cool green incentives that way :)
@giles -- thanks! we're ironing out the final details, stay tuned :)
great product! any news on the stretch goals?
@meg -- with proper care, the battery will last several years. at this point, the battery is not replaceable. closer to shipment, we will announce our warranty policy.
brilliant product!! can't wait! quick question about longevity. what's the plan for when the rechargeable power storage units inside wear out? will you have a manufacturer or user replaceable system? or, will we have to purchase a whole new product?
@adam -- yes, ampy does come in black, and potentially other colors soon
does amoy come in black as well? pic seems to imply that it does when showing accessory bundle
can't wait to try it! sounds great for an emergency, and for getting me to exercise!
let's get this funded kickstarter!!!!
@cesar -- we're working on our stretch goals to make sure they are actually feasible within the limits we set. we've got some exciting stuff to share, so look out for an update soon :)
have you guys made up any stretch goals?
@danny -- ampy is sweatproof, but not submergible yet.
is the ampy waterproof?
hmmm looks like i'll have to move extra hard if i want to fully charge my note 3 with it's 3200 mah battery.... in for two!
@daniel -- your usage sounds pretty high during that time! we've found that most users actively use their phones for 10 - 20 minutes each hour throughout the day, and that defines our 3 hours of normal use. if you're spending more time than that on average, that means you stare at your phone for more than a third of your life.
@dropkicker -- look out for a campaign update even sooner than that :)
@ampy good to hear! you're being very open and cooperative (important for a crowd funded project). i write a blog that does technical assessments of crowd funded projects (http://drop-kicker.com).  a number of my readers have asked me to do an evaluation of your device, so they can make an informed decision before backing. can i get you to commit to producing such a video by october 30?  i think that two weeks should be enough time.  i like to publish my reviews at least a week before campaign end, and i want to have the best information available before doing so.
@dropkicker -- you're correct, there are a lot of terrible energy capture devices out there, and that was one of the driving forces behind us coming up with our own. i think your suggestion on a video in use is great -- we'll see what we can put together as a team.
@ampy clearly you are avoiding providing a solid number here which is reasonable because as you have reiterated, "your mileage may vary" and you don't want to set unrealistic expectations for users with particularly power hungry phones and sedentary lifestyles. that being said, can you please provide a single demonstration of your device charging up through user motion?  i think it would make for a great project update to show a video with someone on a treadmill or something to provide a baseline for comparison.  as it stands, you have no demonstration of your product working, and i think it is very important to show your backers exactly how efficient your energy capture system is and how far along your project is in development. there are a ton of energy capture devices out there (like those terrible shake flashlights), what sets yours apart is how efficient it is (especially for low energy activities like walking).  why not show that off?
@dropkicker -- depending on how you move and how you wear ampy, you can generate tens to hundreds of mw of power. thus, the 1000 mah battery would fill up in a few days to a week depending on how active you are.
@noor the faq doesn't answer that question.  it simply says that the device has a 1000mah battery.  ampy has stated that it takes "about a week" of activity to charge the 1000mah battery, but there is no specific detail regarding what you get out of 30 minutes of running. do you have to go running for 30 minutes every day of that week?
@dropkicker, i'll make it easier for you mate. refer to the faq's page. thanks.
pandora and google maps are pretty typical usage for me when i'm trying to get home at the end of the day.  i can drain the battery in <3 hours using google maps and my phone has an 8.36wh battery. is it safe to assume that 30 minutes of running with ampy throughout the day will give me an extra three hours of battery life?
@ampy, i'm actually an electrical engineer, so i can make this a lot easier for you.  why don't you just provide the number of mah generated for your 3.7v li-ion battery from 30 minutes of running, and i can work out the specifics myself.
@dropkicker and @judith -- the 3 hours of battery life is an average of usage profiles like the one we shared below, so think of it as 3 hours of normal use for a typical android or iphone smartphone (i.e. not just standby time). if you have a specific phone and usage profile in mind, send us a message by clicking contact me on the right and we can give you a better idea!
hey ampy, can you provide an answer to mine and judith's question? phrases like "3 hours of battery life!" are almost always accompanied by an asterisk with some more information regarding how that number was attained. my phone can survive at 1% battery for over three hours if i don't touch it and don't get any phone calls, so adding three hours of that isn't saying a whole lot.  how did you calculate those three hours?
@jared -- right now, the battery is not replaceable, but the lifetime is longer than a smartphone battery @ruhama -- yes, you will be able to change your address before we ship!
hi!  will i be able to change my mailing address in case i move before you ship them out? thanks.
hi, will you please allow the li-ion battery to be removable and replacable, so when it one day fails we can replace it?
i agree with @dropkicker - some numbers other than 'three hours' would be helpful.
have you guys started thinking about stretch goals?
@larissa --yes, our product is latex free
will everything be latex free? allergy alert here
please allow the battery to be removable and replaceable.
i would like early shipments that's for sure!!! june of next year is a ways off!!!
congratulations!  hopefully production will begin tomorrow and you will ship them out early!
dude... who cares... ampy is gonna be freakin awesome.
which phone was this data collected on? is the y axis battery capacity in percentage? what is the total battery capacity of this phone?
@dropkicker -- here's an example android usage profile: http://tiny.cc/9iqknx we use profiles like these to estimate our values, then verify by testing.
@ampy current draw from a smartphone can easily vary by a factor of 100 or more which is why i asked.  can you please provide a number for the current draw you expect an "average" phone to draw during those three hours? or at least some more information about how you derived those numbers?
@dropkicker -- ampy actually works very well when placed on your hip while running! it can also be put in an armband. running is one of the best ways to get the most out of your ampy. you're completely right -- smartphone battery life depends on a lot of factors. it differs from phone to phone, depends on the age of the phone, and also varies based on how you use your phone. in the same way, power generation from ampy varies from user to user, depending on how you move and how you wear it. we put a lot of thought into figuring out how to convey these two variable values to our ampy users, so we calculated the average power generation from running and based our battery life numbers on a typical smartphone usage profile. the average ampy user can go running for 30 minutes and generate an average of 3 hours of normal use battery life for their phone. the device in the video you posted looks cool--we'll be sure to check it out!
can you provide some numbers with the average current output during an activity like running? also, does the ampy need to be on your foot while you run? or can it be on your hip? do you have a video demonstrating the output power during a normal activity?  something like this video would be great https://www.youtube.com/watch… so i could compare with other similar devices. "3 hours of battery life" is not a very solid number because it depends on so many things like screen brightness, wireless usage, music volume, etc.  i'd like to be able to estimate battery life for my particular phone usage.
@yawei -- the circuitry inside takes care of overcharging @alec -- our pilot users say they barely notice ampy capturing their energy! @dropkicker and matthew -- 30 minutes of running gives you 3 hours of battery life for your smartphone, but doesn't fill the battery. if you're an active user, you'll probably fill up ampy in a week
@dropkicker: later, it says _ "ampy's internal battery stores about a week's worth of physical activity"_. i'm taking it to mean that the example activity chart represents about ¹⁄₇th of the total capacity. but i'd like to hear the answer too!
hi ampy, i'm a little curious about your numbers.  when you say "30 minutes of running" does that mean you're going to fully charge the 1000mah, 3.7v internal battery in 30 minutes?  in other words, are you capturing 3.7 watt-hours of energy in 30 minutes? that means a continuous power generation of 7.4 watts which is impressive!
how feasible is it to make it of a larger battery capacity? i wont necessarily use the power generated over the course of a few days, but sure would like to use it when it counts!
i'm concerned that while this project is cool and exciting, for use cases other than long hikes away from the power grid, it does not seem more practical than just buying two $20 external batteries and keeping one charged at home. or three, if you're forgetful — still way under the ampy price. do you have a plan for addressing this in the market?
one more question!  since a magnet moves back and forth through a coil to create the energy, when we are wearing ampy and moving around, will we be able to notice and feel a loose object jumping around inside?
while we are in a moving car, it will capture energy or only with human movement?
very green cycling project:d i cant wait to get my bike hands on this little device:dddddd
very practical product, don't have to beg the sun to come out for the solar panels, and no need to constantly cranking those noisy hand chargers. just wondering what kind of built-in protection mechanisms do you have for things like reverse charge  overcharge overheat might sound like a no-brainer for a well-designed product such as this, but it would be nice to know if is protected against those factors (and perhaps more?). thanks in advance, and keep up the great work.
sweet!  i don't know if you know how freakin excited i am to get my hands on one of these!  i've been waiting for something like this for a long time!  now it's finally gonna happen!!!
@alec - our delivery estimates are conservative and based on the thoughtful manufacturing timeline we decided on during dragon certification. we plan on delivering pilot units to our premium backers before then.
@corey @abdul - there is a trade-off between battery size and capacity, and from our pilot tests, we've found that people tend to use their ampy every day to get them through those hours when their phone is about to die before they get home. it's always capturing your energy, and if you're constantly power hungry (which most of us are), 1000 mah works quite well!
june 2015!!?!?! that's so far!! dude i'm excited for this new battery pack! is there gonna be any chance of an earlier release? i'm totally stoked! you guys are amazing!
@creator. 1000 mah? that's too low. i mean how much motion, how long do i need to move to charge 1000 mah?
i know this game is all about trade offs between size and capacity... but more battery capacity would be awesome!
@brian - we'll be announcing stretch goals once we hit our goal, so we'll keep this in mind! @mohamed - a windows app is definitely a target for us!
great idea ampy , @all if you are as lazy as i am you can just hook it to your pet ( dog,cat...) and voila!! a clean source of energy without effort ;)
can you develop a windows universal app for it? it will allow us to use windows and windows phone to see ampy progress.
how about a stretch goal with a larger battery for backpack users.
@liam - ampy can charge in anything that's moving, including your backpack! there are some great short flexible cords out there--we'll be sending one out soon for everyone to check out.
@abdul - ampy's battery holds 1000 mah and charges just as fast as a wall outlet @symbios - you can change your pledge to get two ampys with accessory kits at the $195 level
hi, will ampy also charge if you were to put it into a backpack? or will there not be enough motion? also, will they come with a shorter charging lead? i recently bought a portable charge which came with one.
how do i pledge for 2? can i just add on 1 more ampy price to my current pledge?
awsome! so happy for you all!
@creator. several questions. 1)what's the battery capacity? 2)output ampere? 3)how fast to charge at least 2000mah using motion?
great technology...how come i didnt come up with it?
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
