hi kevin, i find i get a better sound out of it upside down. i can do as you suggest and push the striker forward wearing it upside up but i get a smaller sound and not the lovely "ching" of the full strike. it also means i can hold it in a fist as i move, and also as i've taken to just playing with it because i like the sound i can clasp my fist over it to silence it if i've flicked it when i don't actually need a responce from people and just give a *it wasn't me* expression ;-)
thank you all for the comments. @christian, great. looking forward to how that configuration will work with you. @brian, awesome picture. your picture inspired us to take one similar for our website. see our new facebook cover photo. @reinhart, awesome! nothing better than waking them up to a "ching" @richheart, thank you! @andrew, thank you for the comment. hands come in all shapes and sizes and so thank you for sharing your experience. how does the runbell work wearing it upside down? we debated what you suggest to rotate the bell and striker towards the thumb. we decided to go straight. one for design. and the second because we felt you could "ching" runbell by pushing the striker forward (not necessarily pulling it out). therefore you don't have to reach all the way up, but just part of the way up and do a natural movement forward. keep us posted on how it goes longer term. love all the comments. thank you. this project has been an excellent experience.
i received mine  a couple of days ago and love it, very good quality, beautiful work, lovely sound, nice fit with the silicon insert. nice presentation also. only thing i would say is for the next model maybe put the hoop intended for the middle finger lower down in relation to its position on the index finger hoop.i have compared my hadns with all my mates so i know it's definitely not just a case of me having an oddly short thumb. i'm quite normal handed yet my thumb doesn't reach the spring top with my fingers oriented straight. in order to make it work i have to lower the index finger and raise the middle finger, which presents a rather rude and unfortunate gesture to fellow pedestrians. i have circumvented this by wearing the runbell upside down with the bell inside my hand and have found it far easier to flick the spring and also make a nice sound but have lost the 'look' though the sound in itself is great enough.
mine arrived and as all have stated: superb packaging. nicely finished product. great project. you did what you promised, exceeding reasonable expectations. i wish you every success.
got mine just now (vienna, austria). the bell itself is great and the packaging is superb! i will use it as a "wake up!" to the people in the metro when they are staring on their smarphones and are going to bump into me ;-)
got mine today, too. the bell is really great. the packaging is top-notch. everything about this project was wonderful. thanks so much. here's a pic of the package i got today: http://imgur.com/oof6pts
mine arrived in canada today - impressed with the product and packaging. i've got skinny fingers with fat joints and managed to find the best combination for me was using the skinny insert (it took me a second to figure out which was which -- by squeezing them!), but i'm also not wearing it on the index and middle fingers, rather the middle and ring fingers and actuating the spring with my index finger. we'll see how this feels for prolonged wear, but it felt more natural than pushing the spring with my thumb. can't wait to get out on the streets with it! arigato gozaimasu!
got it here in the netherlands! looking forward to using it :d
@sarah coyle: thank you sarah. your comments means so much to us! thank you for sharing!!
my runbell arrived here today in nz and it's beautiful and amazingly functional! i've been driving the dog crazy! can't wait to take it out for a real run, once the rain stops! you guys have done an excellent job and should be really proud of creating such a wonderfully well thought out project. 10/10
my runbell arrived here today in nz and it's beautiful and amazingly functional! i've been driving the dog crazy! can't wait to take it out for a real run, once the rain stops! you guys have done an excellent job and should be really proud of creating such a wonderfully well thought out project. 10/10
we will be doing final preparation this week and plan to ship out next week. tomorrow we will discuss the schedule with our partners again and can narrow down the date. right now looking at wednesday or thursday next week. we will, of course, be earlier if possible.
when is the estimated date of shipping at this point?
hi joão, while logged in to kickstarter visit the projects you have backed. select on runbell. find your reward level and click on it. your survey response will pop up and you can edit your address here. or just message me your address and i will update manually. cheers, kevin
hi kevin. how do i "take a moment to update your shipping address through kickstarter." ? i see no such option anywhere. if i click my reward, it tells me to message you privately.
donella, great to hear! i think once you start running with runbell you will wonder how you ever ran without one. andrew, soon we will be turning our focus to shipping. we will probably fulfil the early bird specials first and work our way up, but i don't expect much difference between shipping times. we'll see how fast we can assemble them and then get them ready for shipment.
does being an early bird mean i get mine first? i can't wait to get mine! :-)
yesterday on my run, i counted 15 times i would have liked to use my runbell! can't wait!
@richheart, thanks for your comment. i had been meaning to write an update and then there i wrote two updates in just two days! we had some awesome news today!! will post again as the production continues.
@ creator how are things progressing? any update on schedules, surprises?
@richheart, hi thanks for your comments. a lot of the races that i run always seem to have runners who are blind being guided by another runner. (amazing for both runners) we'll pursue this idea further and see where we it leads. we had a kickoff meeting with oghi bell this morning so are now further along the path to getting runbell produced. i'm excited to hear how runbell works for you once you have the chance to use it.
i envisage a blind person in need of help, stopping and ringing his bell while raising his cane to indicate he is calling for assistance.
perhaps have city races marshalled by disabled, as well as having disabled compete if that is suitable. i know of blind/partially sighted runners who have a sighted runner linked to them for guidance. could be called: "ring the changes" :)
@richheart, thanks for your wonderful idea. i am looking forward to how runbell works for you. we were thinking that runbell would be great for runners to alert people with disabilities as they approach, but we did not consider the reverse case. please let us know if there is anything we can do to help build a community between runners and those with disabilities. "ring the ring"!
kevin, i am partially sighted and i have ordered this to use as a notification to other pedestrians. i can imagine a good number of people with disabilities would benefit from the ability to politely alert those around them to their presence.  i intend to demonstrate your bell at the centre for the blind, where i live. i would imagine that you would have a very good second market in this area. not only that, but for runners and disabled to be able to do something jointly, would be a huge boost to community spirit. "ring the ring", might be a decent copy-write slogan.
hi gae, love it! what a great application and no we have not heard of this idea before. thank you for the idea and your support of runbell. runbell will stay on your hand with no need to grip so it should be easier to use. please let us know how it works for you in september.
say--has anyone made note of the possibilities of this gadget as a dog training aid, like the ubiquitous clicker?  that's what i'm going to use mine for, since i am not a runner.  i think this will be much more convenient than the clicker, since i can wear it and not have to hold it in my hand.  and it will sound much nicer.
hi tjc, good idea. i've actually run in the rain with runbell and didn't have a problem. i also want to take in everyone's feedback before we start production since now is a good time to work out any design issues. the striker is probably not time critical so we have time to test out your idea. any changes we do make will be documented in the updates and i hope all the changes will be so small you can barely tell the difference. cheers
creator don't think extra ridges are needed can you put some water on your hands and test before adding ridges?
?????  so cool indeed.
thank you for all the congratulations! we are so excited!!
congrats on getting funded!!!!!!
@thomas tisell. i'm giving one of my two away to a really active cyclist: to give him the feeling of cycling everywhere he goes. :-d he runs too, so i think he'll put it to good use even though i do it largely for fun.
congratulations!
congratulations on reaching your goal!!  i can't wait to put the bell into action.  i'm trying to think of different uses for it besides from running.  one thought is using it as a dinner bell for our four kids.  great going gang!
soo close! any minute now.
hi joão, thanks for your idea! concern is noted. we can easily add some ridges to the striker and will think over your idea in more detail before starting production.
hi kevin ! i have a concern about the striker. if my hands are sweaty, i am using soft gloves or just can't grip it with a good angle, its smooth shinny surface will slip. i think it should have some ridges or a rubber tip so it's much more easy to grip. that's specially welcome if i'm running fast and don't have time to think how to use the bell. thanks.
hi tjc, i just wanted to check in and let you know we are still asking our partners. we had some confusion so it's taking an extra day or two. please hold tight!
hi tjc, thanks for your comment. we will check to see whether we can make some non-stamped bells without any cost impact. i think we can but we have to confirm. the most important part of the bell is not the top but actually the sides. therefore, a grinder would most likely not affect the sound quality, but it will affect the protective coating we will be applying. we can't recommend grinding. we hope to get back to you around wednesday or so.
would prefer to have nothing stamped on the bell. but if that is how you will ship them do you think taking the bell to a grinder to remove the stamp will have any effect on the sound quality
i like this project and i've shared it on my favorite fitness social network.
hi ron and idefix, thanks for the comments on ideas.  i think we can break your comments down into two: - different colors - different materials the design and color are really important to me and our team.  spending five years in japan has made me a little obsessive about the details so i want to make sure the runbell looks perfect. we do have two stretch goals to offer more colors: pink gold and silver.  let's hit them. the material is another tough question and i didn't want to answer until we had more information.  the plan for the grip is to create an aluminium die casting.  these castings are usually made from steel alloys.  therefore, using a steel alloy to make a steel casting would require higher strength steel alloys than aluminium would require.  we have to check, but cost might be an issue.  our goal is spot on for what we need to get started. aluminium has a lot of benefits too worth remembering: light-weight (1/3 steel and less than titanium ~1/2), high strength, and it's easy to work with. titanium really shows its benefits at high temperatures and hence its use in aerospace. so this comment is not a yes or no, but just our thought processes.  we'll keep looking into your comments and let you know what we find out!
first of all thanks for the project, just wanted to add my 2c:  i'd also be ok with different colors, i think i'd actually prefer it. so if some other material is better for the handle, maybe make two versions or ask if anyone objects to the different colors or something. i'd also like to suggest titanium if that hasn't come up yet and is feasible for the price. it's hypoallergenic as far as i know, light and strong and it looks cool ;)
thanks kevin brass bell and stainless ring is fine. i am ok with colour difference so no plating.
jeremy, one more comment.  the part that i love about this striker/spring combination is the ability to activate the bell by pulling or pushing the striker.  you don't have to pull the striker out at a 90 degree angle as you might be imagining.  if you push the striker in a sweeping motion, the striker still hits the bell with quite a bit of force and delivers a beautiful "ping".
hi jeremy, thanks for your comment and understand your concern.  i am a big fan of the spurcycles bicycle bell design as well and thought about using a similar striker.  we ran into two drawbacks: 1. the first is the striker would have to be bigger adding weight to the runbell.  we went for the lightest design possible. 2. the second was a bigger concern for me.  i have fallen while running and didn't want runbell to cause a fall to be worse.  imagine if the striker was sticking out and you fell.  therefore below the fingers, the runbell is completely smooth and mostly flat. and of course, i think the current striker is very easy to use.  you can pull the spring from a variety of angles depending your preference.
correction: center of the homepage.
i love the concept of the product, but have trouble with the ergonomics. it seems as though the thumb strains to reach the striker and the other fingers separate. one can see this in the pictures provided at the bottom of the home page. i would suggest looking into a pivot striker like other's have used (see link). this should help with retaining the natural movement of the thumb. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/139160027/a-better-bicycle-bell-made-in-the-usa
hi ron, we did discuss having a stainless steel version.  one of design concepts was to keep the color matching for the grip, bell, and striker.  only the spring would be a different color. stainless steel works for the grip and maybe the striker.  however, the bell material really needs to be brass. bells are made either out of brass or aluminium.  i thought at first that we could make the bell out of stainless steel, but our partners at oghi bell so "no.  stainless steel doesn't ring". we could then have a brass bell and a stainless steel grip and then electroplate the grip in brass to get the matching color (need to check if that works). i haven't had any trouble with sweat and the brass grip.  i'll keep thinking about your concern and explore a few options. cheers, kevin
any thoughts on having stainless steel version. i am thinking brass and sweat do not smell too good.  i am already a backer but thinking if brass is the right metal
