thanks for getting back to me via email so promptly! i look forward to receiving them!
hello. i haven't received my full set yet. i have emailed several times with no response so i thought i would try here. i received a tracking number in mid-december but it still says pre-shipment info sent but the package hasn't been given over to the shipper. my shipment notification number from the email is 5424092. i had to back out of your latest make 100 campaign in attempts to make sure i don't have two rewards that need to be tracked down. thanks for your help!
@thomas:  please see our email response.  your reward arrived in fl in time for xmas but for some reason it went unclaimed and it was returned to us.  sorry to have missed the season, but we will resend asap.  just confirm that shipping address :)
hi  i'm still waiting for my order #5423927. i sent you emails and left comments but i still haven't got any news!!!
hi- after much waiting, dealing with ups along with back and forth communication with madison (you deserve a medal of honour m) my full set finally arrived, thank you! it's fantastic, my missus thinks i'm a bit nuts as our son is only 5 months old, but there you have it. she doesn't understand that i need at least 1.5 years of thorough testing before the wee man gets his hands on them?!  these will last a lifetime - so years of fun and games to come as far as i'm concerned. a few quick questions: 1- what's the point of the drill holes on the stack 10 'roof'? are you guys future proofing and planning to launch a second storey set? 2- the tow pin on the blackjack is set very low, so low that there is no clearance, suggestions on how to reset? 3- a question/matter dear to my heart... i didn't receive the actual lone cactus and want to know if you might be able to supply this along with a future order, please? shame to have ordered the full set, but not have the actual full set. madison - thank you again, you really do deserve a medal. love the cars guys; dare i say generations of fun to be had with these bad boys. look forward to getting the drifter! mike
@roger haus: i believe your ace has been delivered by now :)
@lendert sorry to hear that.  the manual is something that we need to address, and that would have resolved the challenge in assembly.  the roof pieces are supposed to be connected by either the lone cactus or motel signs, that us why the tight fit.  as for the us-made / ug quality issues, that is different topic that we are working to improve on.  the more complex pieces we designed, with tight tolerances vs a simpler stackable block set definitely had something to do with this. but we are on it - we will keep improving this.
the stac 10 is a disappointment.  the roof is made of 2 parts, but there is no way of fixing them together.  it are 2 pieces with a groove on all 8 sides? do you have a manual?  the silicone things seem too short to fit in the holes on the bottom of the roof.  is it meant to be that 2 holes stay visible? also the drillholes where the silicone connectors come are not precise, so there's a lot of play.  some of the edges have been sanded so a bit of paint is missing. made in the usa doesn't seem to stand for a better finish than the products made in china.  last time i ordered stuff from uncle goose it was all perfectly made.
hi vlad still no new tracking number from madison !
@marco looks like your shipment has delivered! https://tools.usps.com/go/trackconfirmaction.action… let me know if you have any questions!
hi  haven`t got the mail yet? my eamail adress is anders@triok.dk
@anders andreassen just sent you a message to your personal email!
hi i haven't received anything from you yet (dk) is all shipped out? anders
@creator: hi folks, my order is stuck in italy, after usps told me they tried a delivery attempt on 12/27 and 12/28. please help, as i do not have any access to usps. this is my tracking number: cj456858405us. i will be in office from mon 01/09/17 on, h. 8.30-12.30, 15-18. thanks for help! please reply i haven't received nothing yet!
@jens nielsen we can gladly get you a replacement! sending you an email to your personal email now. thanks!
@creator - any way you can help with chipped paint on the canoo? i am in la for 6 weeks, do you guys have any stores that sells the canoo, so i can get a new one?
hi folks, my order is stuck in italy, after usps told me they tried a delivery attempt on 12/27 and 12/28. please help, as i do not have any access to usps. this is my tracking number: cj456858405us. i will be in office from mon 01/09/17 on, h. 8.30-12.30, 15-18. thanks for help!
@roger:  really strange and sorry to hear this - quite an odd thing.  we will resend asap!  please keep an eye for your new tracking#
@naida:  full replacement blackjack and canoe already sent!
hi folks my order is still stuck in manila........and i am living in switzerland. and now..........waiting..... roger
finally got my royale with camper package. everything's super cool and all the cars have a nice weight to them! so much for the good. the bad: canoe came with a chipped edge, no biggie.  however, my blackjack car came without wheels! :( help?
hello - wondering if deliveries to the uk have been made or received yet?  still looking forward to receiving everything...  mike
got my parcel today, i took the royale with camper option, and i just love them !! i even found a store close to me who has the cars from the previous campaigns, so gonna buy some more :d great job guys ; the blackjack had a bit of a fall during transport because the spoiler fell off, but a bit of glue and it's on !! i love these toys, and i don't even have kids... ;)
my son finally got to open the wheel deal set and he absolutely loves each car and camper. i have to say the quality is pretty good! he's just under 2, so he doesn't know how to play with them just right and wound up chipping one of the cars right off the bat. my wife says that's just gonna happen, but i'm a little disappointed that it happened. then again he's so small and the angles of the cars are almost made to chip after making contact with pretty much anything. one other thing: i thought the dhl package containing the cars came from china a couple of weeks ago, and for some reason i thought all the cars were going to be made in the us. after seeing the "designed in brooklyn" on the cars, i checked out the video again and didn't realize that the cars weren't going to necessarily be built in the us. anyway, not that big a deal, but can you give us an update on how the fundraising has helped you come closer to manufacturing completely in the us? that would be nice, if you could do this - thanks!
oh, and one comment about the stac 10. the roof and its signs feel a bit flimsy, and i am afraid i'll break them when putting them together as the fit of the sign and roof is really tight.
@creator got my stac 10, pioneer, camper, cop var and taxi yesterday, and thy look awesome! this was a great kickstarter. going to l.a. in january, might have to fine a toy store there :) but i have 2 questions 1: i know these are made for kids... but is it possible to get some building instructions for the stac 10 set? 2: the canoo in the pioneer box had some chipped paint, is this something we can fix? once again a great kickstarter and product.
just got my cars today and must say after supporting candylabs on 3 separate kickstarters, this batch of cars was a little disappointing quality wise with the pioneer and canoe almost looking second hand, the paint work a little sloppy in places and the odd dents.
@jit balakumar thank you for supporting us and always being a valued backer! happy new year!
after a difficult experience with ups and missing christmas as a target, i finally received the product. it is beautiful and my kid loves it. it also appear sturdy and is very well built.  one of the best kickstarter projects. thank you !!
@roger haus: please see our direct email to you - at least the address is correct.  we hope to see it arrive in switzerland soon, we'll keep an eye on it too.
hi folks my parcel (order#5424164) to switzerland is now in manila?? right?! cheers roger
@d. sz sent a message to your personal email! happy holidays!
@magnus vågbäck thanks for being a backer! happy new year!
@jo murray looks like yours also arrived friday! hope you had a wonderful holiday weekend.
@carter reed looks like yours delivered friday, we hope you had a wonderful holiday with candylab being a part of it!
is there a way to contact the people from usps about the package?  it seems the package disappeared. this morning it went out for delivery but it never arrived. didn't get any more tracking updates either. thanks
hi guys, can you please send me my tracking number? i'd appreciate that a lot! txs
yah! i was checking my email to track where i was then the doorbell rang!! very excited for me, oh i m an my kid lol!
according to tracking the package is still in ny. since i doubt it will make it to europe by tomorrow: is there a chance to change my address now? otherwise i'll get it on january 5th the earliest...  please let me know! thanks
i received my package in sweden today. very nice! thank you!
i don't suppose it's possible to still change the address at this point? i gave my work address, thinking it would arrive well ahead of the holidays but the offices will be closed starting christmas.
sorry, did receive a tracking number, says friday delivery. fingers crossed x
i've received a tracking number but it's still in pre-shipment? i backed the full set? is this going to ship in time for the holiday?
oh no. no midcentury americana under the tree for my grandson. that is all we got him for christmas and it won't be here until two days after christmas. say it isn't so- please
hi, i haven't received a tracking number, am i to assume this won't be delivered in time for xmas? carter
@naida iljazovic please check for updated tracking info by end of day tomorrow! we are trying our hardest to get everything out we can today and tomorrow. happy holidays!
hi there! i got the email with the tracking number but so far it suggests the package hasn't been picked up by/delivered to usps.  it seems to still be in the pre-shipping process. any updates on that? thanks!
hi guys, still no tracking. christmas is coming dangerously close... no stress ;)
@creator thanks for the fast respond, can't wait :) oh and fantastic service :)
@jens nielsen: we see this hasn't left  yet - not sure what went wrong there, but we upgraded it to ups international service which is about 3 days in transit.  tracking in your inbox by end of day!
hi guys, can you update on the shipping process? i haven't received any shipping confirmation yet. cheers
@kaina poncepie: please check your inbox, we emailed the tracking.  it was in mexico city already on dec 9, so we hope you already received it by now.
@love larsson:  glad to hear they made it in time!
received my package yesterday, thank you for this masterpiece!
i did receive the email with the shipping confirmation, but it hasn't the link for the tracking. could you send it agian?
one hell of a good kickstarter =) i love the cars my kid will to when he gets them for x-mas =) im in sweden and the shipping took a bit longer but seems the box of cars wanted to travel europe before landing in sweden ;) or mostly turkey =)
@mike peckham:  yes, will be delivered in time for christmas, we're focusing on getting the int'l ones out that have a longer delivery window.  either way, they should all be out by end of this week!
@laterveer:  we're finding it's pretty random -you may or may not get charged duties or sales tax.  we definitely see an increase in charges if package is delivered by ups or fedex compared to last year, but not as much if handled by local postal services.  the wonders of international commerce.
package is handled by dutch customs now. don't know what is in it because they are holding it back for almost a week now. just kidding. of course no fault of yours but hope we have it before xmas
i haven't received any shipping info/confirmation.  can you please provide so i can make sure we are on schedule for christmas.
got mine in california a couple of days ago, can't wait to see how my son likes them.
hi, i just received an email with the confirmation of the shipping of my order, but i didn't receive the link with the tracking. could you send it again
hello vlad. just received today my pioneer car. no problem with shipping (france). packaging fine,and inside ... always a great design and realization. thanks a lot  ;-)
@jaume giralt just emailed you tracking!
@rob tang since you do have stac 10 and lone cactus as part of your reward, we are still processing shipping. should be out by the end of this week! thanks so much for your patience.
@crazy_borg happy to hear!
haven't received any tracking info either... any updates please?
haven't received my tracking, waiting in california with anticipation.
received my blackjack 21 yesterday, right on time for christmas. many thanks!
@kaina we are a few days away from starting to ship the cactus items!
@laterveer:  yours is in transit currently:  https://tools.usps.com/go/trackconfirmaction.action… yes, we sent out all international ones that didn't have a canoe, stac or cactus.
@brian cutler:  yes, we do have the blackjacks there, a diff pricepoint though :)
hi! did you already send the intetnational orders?
did not receive a tracking mail or the cars. are the orders for overseas deliveries gone out yet?
if we head over to candylabtoys.com and order another blackjack--- does this come signed and sealed in plastic, or was this just kickstarter orders.  thanks
i received my cars today.  they are wonderful.  thanks a lot.
@brian:  the sig is from jen liao himself.  that would  the same jen on our team page - the man responsible for design, branding and such niceties. it means the livery is designed by him :)  he is not famous yet, but will be.  then the 'jack will be worth a lot.  sorry about that shrink wrap.
ponder for a second to keep this as new-in-box sealed.  then had to check it out in person.  any hints on how to get the plastic wrap back on :)
black jack arrived today.  what is the explanation for the signature "the jen lias".  outstanding detail on this and the tires came out great!
@naida:  you have the full reward, including the stacs which are now on their way to our warehouse from michigan to pa.  we estimate those to get out by the 10th with comfortable time to arrive by christmas!
@anthony:  super, glad it made it ok!
@allan:  nice to hear! your tracking may have gotten lost in spam, or our system failed and never sent the tracking emails. glad you love that ace of spades!
@lawrence:  the stac sets are, but we did announce that the cars are still made overseas.  those proceeds will help us get that facility up and running.  glad you got yours!
don't recall actually receiving any tracking detail but i got my blackjack today and it's great. exactly what i expected. thank you!
ace in orlando! the only thing---when you said, "this campaign will help launch candylab’s very own manufacturing facility, right here in the us," i assumed the toy would be made in the us . . .
@anthony so happy to hear! enjoy your holiday weekend!
the ace just arrived!!!  awesome job everyone.
aaaaaany news? hoping international deliveries will ship in time for christmas...
@spinal column:  that crazy high shipping cost is really strange. we enable carrier calculated shipping on our site, so you should see some really good rates.  but yes, we offer that and we will soon offer two separate kinds of tire sets.  prices will be in the single digits to allow plenty replacements.  can you please email toymaker@candylabtoys.com - we will just send you a set for now!
is there a way to purchase extra tires? we have the full set from the previous kickstarter and have lost quite a few tires. we know it's possible to order them on the website, but frankly, the $15 flat shipping is a little absurd for tires.
@mick cassidy:  sorry to miss your astute observation.  yes, that is one inconsistency.  the mule we used for our initial photoshoot had that number.  then we refined it.  also you will notice that our mass produced pioneer tires have nice crisp white lettering while the pics didn't. part of the journey to a real product.
@kaina poncepie:  we have yours!
sorry, i just received your last email, but i don't understand if you are telling me that you don't have my survey. could you tell me?
swooping in here  :)  we are on track - working on a shiny new update tonight as we speak!
the last update did say they expect them to arrive at their warehouse around nov. 15, and then some time for packing and shipping. so, very possibly in time for thanksgiving? it would be nice to hear if estimates are still as planned, though! :)
gentle nudge - are these going to ship in good time for xmas?
hi, any later update on delivery date. is it still likely to be delivered in november?
quick question re: the number on the canoe. is it 76, which is what it looks like in the picture you posted? or is it 79, which is what the box seems to show? not a big deal - just curious. thanks michael
any updates?
loving the packaging. its as good as the cars themselves! i keep my police cruiser parked on top of its packaging in the front room where everyone can see it.
@brian cutler:  true - we've been buried, but we got tons of news and "making of" images.  it;s been too long - update coming over the weekend!
i know you guys are hard at work.  love to see an update with pictures soon.  last project hit 27 updates, so something big sure to show up soon. have a great weekend!
@mick payment will be taken by october 10th! thanks
hi guys, just wanted to check when you plan to take payment for any extra items? thanks michael
@oscar @b.p o'brien we have resent once more to those who have not answered survey. maybe we have your incorrect email address. please email madison@candylabtoys.com with your correct email address so we can get this straightened out! thanks!
no email survey received.  i checked spam/junk. thanks!
still yet to receive survey and have checked spam. please resend.
but if i don't choose an initial car and stick with the $1 pledge and then add cars as add-ons, it gives me all cars, including the first, at $9 each. i'm guessing it's not supposed to work like that. i would have done it like that already but don't want to get an unexpected charge later or to cheat the system!
@matthew that is correct, the add on shipping cost for international is $9 per car. although the initial cost of shipping for your first car is $23. that is because the first pound is the most expensive in comparison to adding weight.
hello. i backed at $1 as i was waiting for an update on whether there would be any improvement in the cost of international shipping. if i now change my pledge to select one of the cars, shipping is $23 but then i don't know how much each additional vehicle would be. if i stick with the $1 pledge and add vehicles as add-ons, backerkit gives me shipping at $9 per car. is that right? how much is shipping for add-ons if i change my pledge? is it $23 plus $9 per additional car?
@peter bittner you are getting the whole line, so you are most certainly getting the green camper! thanks for being an incredible backer.
just got the email so all good.  i did notice however on the pledge details that it lists "the ace" but not the camper van.  can you confirm i am getting the camper van as part of my reward?
hey everyone! we have not sent the survey out yet. soon soon soon. sorry for the delay!
ditto. no survey. checked all spam
no survey for me either....nothing in my spam/junk as well.
no email survey received.  i checked spam/junk as well.
hi, same problem here. no e-mail recieved.
i haven't received an email and have checked all my folders.
hi!  i havent recived an e-mail from backerkit. i have checked all my folders and spam folders and nothing
hej. i havent recived an e-mail from backerkit what do i do?  i have checked all my folders and spam folders no e-mail.
@bigjim:  we've had our hands quite full, so no time to review customs yet. we'll get to it though!
vlad, some emails have been sent to both of your boxes but i still did not recieve any answer so far... sorry for insisting though i have "house of candy" request (quotation for producing a custom car) to submit to you which is quite close to my heart.  i suggest that we get in touch through skype. what do you think ? thanks in advance for your consideration, ++
@bigjim: emaill address is fine but nothing there.  to make sure we are in contact, we emailed you directly.  cheers.
hi vlad, i sent you emails on this email adress :  "toymaker(at)candylabtoys.com" though it seems that it does not reach you. could you please give me another email adress so i could send it again ? thks+++
everyone, thank you so much for your congrats and well wishes. it's been a thrill ride and we're going to make some amazing toys for you!
@geri edwards:  we will  detail this process shortly, but in a gist, you will be presented with an "a-la-carte" menu where you will reconfirm your selections. it's easy, and this will be starrted once we issue the survey in about 2 weeks.
whoo whoo ...hooray for you.  congratulation on another success!  i am so excited for you guys. whoo whoo!!!! hope you are also just as excited.
congratulation on a another successful launch.   can't wait for some pictures as you transition into production.
congrats on another successful campaign!
awesome! and can't wait for my items to arrive. one quick question, one item confirmed via email, at what point can i confirm the second item i pledged for? thanks in advance.
wow! what a journey over $100,000 dollars a great success. congrats candylab, you guys are awesome. cant wait to see what is next for you all.
@jerry stigter:  it sure is.  please go to http://www.candylabtoys.com/collections/parts-and-accessories  and you can place your order there. make sure you add a note for the desired kind of tires, we have not set up yet separate skus per each type.
@fadednotebook67 yes it is correct and thank you!
vlad and crew. is it possible to order a set of the wider wheels seperately, like the ones on the rarebird 2 and the blackjack? they are absolutely awesome and they would look super cool on my carbon77.
@creator taking the hint from a previous answer, because i have to have the road sign or my camper will get lost in the desert, i have made a total pledge of $125. i hope that is correct? if not could i get a pm please? love these toys and cannot wait to see them and i am happy to help in a tiny way with american manufacturing!
@daphoid thank you! supporters like you are who really keeps us going!
hey vlad & crew! i vaguely recall reading about this campaign in my inbox, may have hit the spam box a few times - but luckily the "hey it ends today!" notice came in just fine. i'm a backer from years back with the wooden box of four awesome cars (campaign 2 i think?). either way i love your work and am happy to support more of it! just snagged the top option to grow my collection. can't wait! good luck and believe the hype! - d
i can't wait to see these beautiful "toys" in real ! good luck and warm regards from france ;-)
i'm confused now.. how come i can already order any of these cars here in the netherlands and have them arrive the next day (and cheaper too..?) |o/
@senne the color is gray/ yellow, not green.  we only have on option available.
hi! is the color of the canoo yellow/gray or yellow/green, or can we choose?
@laura if you are trying to get both the caravan and cactus add the total of those two items+shipping. this would be $82 for the two items plus either $20 for u.s. shipping or $48 for international.
how can i add the cactus to my order? i need it to know where the caravan should stop for the night!
@shenh-wen:  we send you a dm, but the answer is easy:  just keep the limtied early bird ace as your "main" selection but the actual amount you will type in the reward field is the total sum of your pledges and their respective shipping costs. we will reconfirm this total selection once the camapign ends and your cc gets charged - everyone gets to precisely select everything.
i have chosen the ace-early bird pledge $24. but i'd also like to back pledge $63 to get the caravan as a reward. but i don't know how to choose two pledges at the same time.
@oriane wagen'girl  we are aiming to upgrade the service to dhl for international.  not a savings, but a better option.  the shipping costs we have set right now are below actual international usps rates + warehousing fees, which can add up quite a bit.  this upgrade will be confirmed once the campaign ends, survey gets sent out, and once everyone returns their shipping info we can precisely determine how much postage we will need to buy.  that is when dhl will be able to quote us rates, based on this bulk, one-time postage purchase.
hi guys,  you were talking about lowering the prices of international shipping (indeed, 65$ is extremely expensive). how will you manage that once all the credit card are debited ?
@heather: got it!  awesome that you are so excited, we'd better raise up to your expectations!
no.....i'm a newbie backer.  i am getting the wagon and new camper.  i regularly pull up your candy labs web site and droll over the other cars.   i am brand new to you.....that's why i am so excited that i can't even describe the kind of cool car and camper  i am going to get. whoo whoo you guys rule!!!!!
@heather: boo-yah, them 6 digits were we are!! gotta say, for august, that's not half bad.  but question to you:  you said you can;t wait for your "station wagon"?  that woul dbe the woodie, which is in stock did you order one that isn't delivered yet?  we think of the baby blue pioneer as the truck.
look you broke 100..... whoo whoo for you!!!!!! i am still beyond excited for guys and i can hardly wait for my station wagon......the wait is so long!!!!!!!! i love the video where someone opens the box and toss the box.  that's gonna me too....whoo whoo....go candy labs!!!
@jerry lo:  sorry about the misunderstanding!  so in your case, do as follows:  keep your selection as blackjack early bird at $20.  add the caravan at $63  and add us shipping for three cars, which is $20, the same as for the car collector level. therefore, with the blackjack selection made, type in the total amount for all this: $103.  your selection will be reconfirmed during the survey phase, and you will be able to check these exact boxes. thanks!
you said to add $26, but i want to add the caravan on top of the racer
@jerry lo:  dm sent! any further questions, let us know.
@eddie garza:  we do have some ideas for some neat wood made accessories past toys - but let's get that factory up and running.  then we can do a lot!  thank you for backing us up.
@jens nielsen:  thank you!
i'm in..for now haha. you guys should make a modular drive in wall/billboard so we can hang/hook/mount our phones on. would be kind of neat, but tricky with the sea of phone variants out there.
super, thanks :) consider it done
i pledged for the early bird blackjack racer, but i would like to add the caravan, drive in and the motel as well.  can you calculate the total for me?  thanks
@brian cutler -  it took forever, but we did do a nice one on that rare bird of yours. do keep it sir.
as a child i had schuco wind up car and decided i would give it a new paint job.  based on that i will leave the painting up to candylab.
@gary d'onofrio: we did - many times, but we are not ready yet.  the results from painting yourself will be less than ideal.  we need to sell them primed - which add a whole level to this. on our to-do list!
@jens nielsen:  of course. just add $26 to your pledge and we will reconfirm in the post campaign update.
ever consider having a bare wood diy customizable kit? i would love to paint one myself.
is it possible to add the camper to ones pledge? my pledge is the road trip stop.
@liao yusheng:  good feedback, thank you! we will definitely offer this as an option in our post campaign recap.
in project update #3, you mentioned that you are thinking about upgrading to dhl for shipping. i, for one, will strongly vote against that. i much prefer usps. at least for taiwan, usps shipping means i won't get slapped with import duties, but with dhl/ups/fedex, i would. so it would cost me money if you used dhl. at least give me the option to stick with regular usps first class mail.
@aubrey @aubrey first add up the total of all the items: earlybird blackjack ($20)+ cactus sign ($19)+ stac 6 ($34) which totals to $73. then add shipping costs, which is your case is $18 much like the getaway tale reward. this brings your total pledge to $91.
okay candylab, help me out. of course my son (who has several of your pieces from last year and is obsessed!) wants items that are not combined in a bundle. i just pledged for the early bird blackjack. he also wants the stac 6 and the cactus sign. i'm in the us. how much do i add to my pledge, which is currently at $28 for the early bird blackjack + shipping? thank you!!
@laura:  yes that would work, since you are local your postage wouldn't increase.
hi, i pledge for the pioneer with the green camper, i want to add the cactus. should i add 19$? thanks! (love them'all!)
@moritz first select the early bird ace but then change the pledge amount to the total amount of the ace($24), pioneer($38) and shipping cost for both. the shipping costs are $12 for domestic and $34 for international. meaning your totals would either be $74 for domestic or $96 for international.
@mick.... when you select the ace level there should be a box with a monetary amount in it. should say more than the ace and will include shipping. click that box and add $19 to the total and then click pledge. it should keep that amount even though it's above the normally allotted pledge.
hi pledged for the pioneer, but want the ace as well (early bird still available) how would i do this? thx :d
@keeny…no joy i'm afraid, just keeps changing my pledge rather than adding.
@mickbirch pledge for the ace. then add and additional $19 for the cactus. you should be good. so (ace+shipping)+ cactus = your pledge
hi, is it possible to "back" both the cactus sign and the ace? when i've tried to do this it simply changes my pledge to one or the other…cheers
@jason palikij:  welcome back - this is truly awesome.  1) y\yes. same system as the woodie.  2) no. the pioneer is 100% baby blue, whereas the original camper is more teal (has a but of green in it).  they are close, but not the same.
@michael: thank you!
this is my second time backing you guys and i'm really excited. i have two questions: 1) will the blue camper link up with the pioneer? 2) is the blue camper the same color as the pioneer?
just pledged for the blackjack and added $19 to get the cactus sign
@matthew:  we're fighting postage charges as we speak - and trying to work out a dhl package.  but yes, it's not sustainable that our toys' value gets matched by international shipping costs. that being said - keep a $1 pledge there, this will get you on our list of backers and we'll be in the loop should we have a breakthrough in ship rates at some point. thanks!
thanks. my son is still a few years too young anyway so he can wait! i know there isn't anything you can do about it but it's the shipping that puts me off. i'd love to back this at the car collector level but that works out as $148 plus whatever customs decide to charge. that and the current exchange rate make it a bad time for backing us kickstarters from the uk. the current range is also very nice so i'll go for that for now but it was quite hard to find here. the only uk retailer named on your website doesn't currently stock any of your products online but i found one other who do so i'll keep an eye out for the new range.
@matthew:  yes, they will be.  but this particular new line won't make it by christmas, and prices will be much higher than here.
thanks. will these be available at retail in the uk eventually? i found one uk retailer who stock some of your existing range.
@heather:  thank you! @matthew: international shipping is quite a pain for us too, these are solid wood and large-ish in size, therefore heavy.  each reward level should automatically fill in the correct amount once selected, shipping + item.  you can always change it later if the total doesn't look right.  and ask us for specific combos. we will update the faq's.  thanks!
can you tell me where i can find the international shipping charges? on the app at least, there is nothing in the faq. these are very cool but i can see from a previous comment that shipping is $34 for two cars. i'm wondering what the charges are for more cars to see if i can make it worth the shipping charge.
awesome......plus when i geared down, i actually read how you could cancel and place new order, that you very nicely spelled  out  on the update page.  i was just way way too excited by pictures and stopped reading.....again, thank you, and thanks for cool looking cars!!!
@heather:  check your message inbox :) answer provided.
ohhhh,  i am so excited!!!!!!!! i can't stand it.   i want to order the camper.  but i am too dumb to order it. i  have already ordered the car and i do not want two cars, and just one camper.   how can i get one camper and one car? please help me in my excitement that i am going thru.  thank you thank you .....p.s.  love love your ideas heather.
@vlad thx... will give this a try.
@geri: just add the ace cost itself + $34 which is the international shipping cost for a 2 piece reward (calculated in the caravan level).  we will reconfirm all this in the post campaign survey.
@vlad - i'd like to add the ace to my order. how can i do this? also guessing i would pay for one lot of postage. thx in advance
@ kenny potts:  no worries!  in fact we thank you for spotting this, we will increase that rate on our site.  the main reason for this discrepancy is that you veered into wholesale pricing on our site.  no one ever orders 17 toys at one time, so you probably found a glitch that we must fix - unfortunately our shopify platform has so many possible combinations that likely we missed some rates combos. and we ship them in specially made candylab -printed cartons.  i wish we were amazon to pass around free shipping, but we get charged steeply for postage.
i'm just curious. if the packaging costs more for the stacs then i'm cool with that. just got burned recently on a book being shipped for $19 and it was sent in a bubble envelope.... i honestly mean no disrespect. just curious.
when i make it a total of 32 cars does it make it $27 and change.
do have a quick question. on the website where you sell your other toys i put 17 cars in the cart and it's only asking me to pay $11.49 for shipping.... any reason for the $25 for the larger sets? i'm not trying to be a jerk i just don't think any of the reward tiers would weigh more than 17 wooden cars.
i have just received my rare bird from the first campaign.  it is simply stunning!  kudos to vlad and his team for exceeding all expectations and being a class act throughout.
sweet action! thanks for the quick response. can't wait to play with and display these miniature works of art!
@kenny pots: we have already decided to do both things you are suggesting:  we will add the green camper, and also offer most of the previous campaign items at a discount, just for our backers. this will be implemented post campaign via backerkit, and we will detail how this works in our next update.  essentially we will set up a storefront visible only to our backers, and it will display prices lower than the regular retail on candylabyoys.com.
yeah maybe offering discounts for your offerings online. personally i'd like a woodie, camper, stinger, and police cruise to go along with my americana set. just a thought. thanks for all the hard work!
not sure what will be available in the end. we are shown both a trailer for the pioneer and a cop car. will these be stretch goals to add to combos or just for separate purchase. i'm new to the swanky wooden toys and didn't get a chance to get in on the last kickstarter.
@joel shapiro:  sorry to hear - we'll reach out directly so we can address it.
do people with the first camper have a less-than-sharp paint line on it? the two tone has a lot of artifacts on mine.
@catherine: that is correct! we understand the shipping costs can be steep, but we try our best to keep them accurate and exact.
keep up the great work, candylab – love your cars!  this is probably just wishful thinking, but any chance there’s a camper 2.0 in the works??  the one behind the pioneer in the video looks different than the woodie camper (seems greener and has black wall tires)
hi! if i read the comments correctly, to choose an early bird car (already pledged) and add the full americana, i add both pledge amounts and shipping chargers together to get a very large pledge amount in the early bird pledge.  (gulp!)
@kristian: simply add up the pledge levels and their shipping costs, type in the correct amount for your pledge. it's ok to have just one selected, all this will be reconfirmed when the campaign ends.
@heather disco: sounds good - sorting it out in survey. thank you!
hi how do i pledge for more than one car?
perfect thank you. i added the $7 for the pioneer shipping, then upped my pledge to add the others and left the shipping as-is. i'll just pay the difference afterward then! thanks!
@sylvain: yes, all cars included.  an unfortunate typo, and now we can't change it as the rewards get locked once backed.
@joshua:  yes, the only way to make sense of multiple pledge combos.  and we will add the current styles at a discount as before :)
@core entity: you neither - unwavering support francesco!
are y'all planning on using backer kit again and offering some of the older pieces?
these look absolutely awesome! i've pledge for the full americana, but the description mentions "vintage race car" (without s)... can you confirm that there will be both race cars in it, as listed in the bullet points? i just want to be sure...
oh man, i never disappoint , vlad , you and your staff are always number one , make us dream as a child , everything is wonderful
@ jady swinkels, see the answer to my question.  you can add to the early bird just not add another early bird price.  just adjust your payment up to cover the other item and shipping.
@stephanie carson:  can't combine limited count rewards, one per person folks. please add up the sums of the desired extras and type in the amount to pledge.  we will sort exact amounts during the review phase, after the campaign ends.
@heather disco:  just pledge your approximate amount; we will sort it all out in backerkit after the campaign ends. be close, but under, not over the due amount, we can't issue a refund.  thank you heather.
@jady swinkels: now let's have some for everyone jady!  these early ones are a real drop in price, around 30% off future retail.  trying to have as many folks enjoy them :)
@samuel smits:  magnets all around! so yes, they stick to the roof.  also to your fridge.
@brian cutler:  that was embarrassing, half post below!  i was about to say that yes, you can add to the early bird as you wish, but can't combine limited count rewards, that is the whole point, one per person.
@brian cutler: yes,
like james n said above, i'd like the pioneer early bird and the blackjack early bird.  i already pledged for the pioneer but i can't pledge for the blackjack too.  what can i do??
hey! i did not see the shipping list for each tier, maybe my phone is just being weird. i pledged for an early bird pioneer and added the drive-in movie set as well as a stac 10. what will the added shipping be (i already have the shipping pledged for the pioneer) for the added two? thank you!
nice work once again - they look awesome. i got in on the early special of the pioneer but really wanted the blackjack as well but it won't let me grab a second car or even come in as a separate sale which is a bummer..
gone and got me all excited again! can't believe it's a year since my last purchase. bring it on...
so i've pledged for the pioneer and a an extra canoe. should they both stick to the roof? anyways this is a cool set here.
hey - i see you backed woobots, sorry to hear that, i'm still waiting on mine.  to the new backers candylab delivers a great product and expect updates along the way showing the progress.  this is what kick starter is all about.  and this time made in the usa!
ok can't combine early birds - check.  can order multiple by adding up costs and adjusting pledge - check.  but can you add items to early bird by adjusting pledge?  welcome to the usa too!!!
@brenda teasley: thanks for mentioning this. there was a mistake in the description of the stac 6 kit, it does not include the lone cactus totem sign, it has now been corrected. as for the full americana set, yes it does include two vintage race cars- the blackjack and ace as well as an extra canoe as the pioneer comes with a canoe already.
wow, we are so excited to see this! our kids love these toys, and those buildings look incredible! keep up the great work, candylab! can't wait to see this factory become a reality!
vlad, the full americana says "vintage race car (not plural), 2 buildings, giant road sign, rugged truck and extra canoe, but then it says includes • lone cactus totem sign  • stac 6 kit  • stac 10 kit  • the ace  • blackjack racer  • pioneer truck the above doesn't list the extra canoe, and it also leads one to believe there will be (2) cactus totem signs, since it lists it separately and it is already included in the stac 6 kit. please clarify what exactly comes in this package, and how many of each.  thanks
how could i pledge for the pioneer and blackjack at the same time?
@lendert: yes it will! we'll fix the image.
when you scroll down, the "roadtrip stop" doesn't have the cactus totem in the image.  it will be included though?
whoo hoo!!!
@rob tang : you mean the green one?  haha, we plan to!
disappointed but i understand....i'll change my pledge because i, or my kids, really want all 3.  they love playing with them.  keep up the great work.
please make the camper hitch up to the pioneer.
@jason levy:  thank you for the support!  unfortunately it doesn't work because the limited must be all counted for.  in other words you can only select a single pledge of the limited quantity.  sorry, trying to spread the benefits around, that is why one per person :)
not sure if i am allowed to do this but this is what i did....got your email since i was a previous backer and i wanted to get in on the early bird.  cars are awesome and i want all three so i changed my pledge amount to include the price for all 3 early bird cars plus each of their shipping as instructed in the faqs.  is that cool or is there no way to get all 3 at the early bird price?
@ryan moonen welcome back ryan! let me put it this way:  if we get our shop - and we will see that towards the end, we will do many limited editions.  as it stands right now, we are really limited in customized production capabilities.
@tom bradshaw sorry, but we only have plans for these ones.
@rudy - thank you, glad to hear!
what are the chances you will do an early bird car collector?
hi, i got the ace early bird, but would you add a car collector early bird?
awesome! full americana it is then :) are you planning on doing a rb3?
this is so awesome!!! i have been waiting all week to jump on this. i know it will be a great success!!
