@ j layne ringgenberg: email me directly -- lola@biopop.com and we'll see what's going on with your pledge.
yonder biology, i'm still waiting for my dino!  i'd heard there was a problem keeping them alive. but i haven't received anything. now i see them for sale, i'd like the one i already paid for please?
sadly my dino went extinct a few months ago. my first dino never came to life, but my second one was bright and full of dino life for about 2 months. we followed every direction for this thing, but i don't think it liked us.
just wanted to say i got the shipment notification on my replacement dinos.  thank you! can you point me to the recommendations for getting them going from unpacking to full glow - i would like to follow the directions to a t i swear the ones that shipped originally we followed every single step. but nothing ever happened. thank you again and looking forward to seeing my dinosaur glow!
i sent the address but still have received no reply can i please have my replacement dinos.  i sent an email too but no reply :(
mine have been going strong for about 6 months.
i did not get my dino pet at all! how can i get it?
@jeff dewolfe and @nick hensley - shoot us an email at contact@biopop.com and we'll get healthy refills sent out to you to get your dino pets glowing! @michelle stapleton - we received your messages and your refill is queued for shipping! @everyone else - please send any customer service concerns to contact@biopop.com for a prompt response. best,  the biopop crew
mine never lit up either. it's sitting on a shelf. collecting dust now. :-(
so my dino's never did anything.  is there a way to get some light up? maybe it was the timing and receiving them in the 100 degree weather here.
sorry meant i sent an email and ks message and can you confirm you received these.
i sent and email and ks message and you confirm you received them and will send replacements.
my first dino didn't last long as it was shipped in the heat of summer and i guess they over heated. not many lit up and most died after the first feeding. i emailed the company and after a couple month delay and another email they finally shipped out a replacement. my 2nd dino has been going strong since december.  i only dump out a little bit of the water when feeding them not half, maybe a third of the water. this seems to work better as the 1st one i had i  dumped a lot of dino's out with the water. i also flip my dino upside down the night before i feed them so they will settle some to the bottom, not sure if this helps but it seems to. my dino sits on the kitchen table where it doesn't get total darkness but a lot of fluorescent lighting in the evenings and some moon light on good nights. hope this helps anyone having problems with their dino.
i received ours as well awhile ago and haven't got around to figuring out how to get more. ours worked for the first four weeks, but after the first feeding they all died. followed instructions in the packages and my boys thought they were very cool. do i need to just order replacements? thanks, jason
hi just curious what the time line is for receiving my dino?
@michelle stapleton, sorry to hear your dinos didn't light up! send a message with your delivery address and we'll send a replacement to get it glowing bright.
can i please get replacement dino things? mine never worked right :(
can i please get replacement dino things? mine never worked right :(
can i please get replacement dino things? mine never worked right :(
can i please get replacement dino things? mine never worked right :(
can i please get replacement dino things? mine never worked right :(
so i got a response from carolyn @ biopop and she sent me a new set of dinoflagelletes and instructions for preparing to receive them.  when they arrived, i set them up and after a couple of days then began luminesceng as advertised. in hindsight, those original questions were not unreasonable as they were probably part of an effort to gather information on why these were failing in the field.  i took them [the questions] the wrong way, as did some others apparently, so biopop you might be better off rephrasing the questionnaire to better frame the inquires. at any rate: if these little creatures continue to live and glow, i'm delighted with them and happy with biopop's standing behind their product.
total fail
i got the same a silly load of questions to answer, it doesn't work  :( and not only did i pay for this got charged tax for something that doesn't work :(
this was one of the most disappointing products i have purchased, ks or otherwise.  i had a dimly sparkling soup that i could barely discern the lights in, for perhaps 2 or 3 days and then nothing.  when i emailed for support i was sent back a lengthy questionnaire that treated me like either a moron or a liar: photos of where i had placed it, confirmation that i had followed the directions...  in the end this was a waste of my time and money.
mine have been going strong for 3 months. i'm very happy.
@albert and @jon — sorry to hear you guys are unhappy with your dino pets! please send us an email at contact@biopop.com so we can get them glowing brightly for you!
what a waste of money
this was a thorough waste of time and money. the dino's never grew and promptly died in 2-3 days of rigorously following the instructions. i was so disheartened. it essentially ended up being a plastic tub of dead sea monkeys. another ks fail!
i finally received my dinos last week. my delay had nothing to do with the creators, but rather with fedex. twice fedex missed putting the dinos on their flight and the delay left the dinos dying in the heat. 3rd time's the charm though, thanks!
@andreas  we emailed all international backers for address updates and phone numbers required by fed ex. please send your current address and phone number to contact@biopop.com so we can process your order.
are you still shipping?? i've heard nothing...
like @don my dino's seem to have faded to a few glowing specs (not that they were every very vigorous) .. now they seem faint and lost.  i've fed them a couple times but i fear if i do the process again i will prob wash away the few i have left.
just a clarification on the last comment: "we've made several attempts to reach out to  backers with missing or undeliverable addresses through the email addresses filed with kickstarter." sorry for the confusion!
hey friends, at this point we've shipped all kickstarter orders that we have addresses for. we've made several attempts to reach out through the email address you have filed with kickstarter. if for some reason you have not received your dino pet, or are experiencing problems with your dino pet, please email us at contact@biopop.com for quick service. we are no longer monitoring the several ks comment threads on a daily basis, so you'll want to email us for a quick response. it's super important to us that you all get the rewards you so patiently awaited, and that you have the best experience possible with your dino pet. best,  the biopop crew
i hoped that my guys would reproduce, but alas... i've had them long enough that i even fed them again, but there are still only a couple tiny specks of light that only last for a few seconds. very disappointing - not anything i would bother showing to anyone that came over.
at least you guys have had your dino pets partially working, i haven't gotten mine yet... it is a shame that not even an email has been sent to those who are still waiting for their pledge reward (mine being a dino pet, which was supposed to be shipped to puerto rico). i really need my dino to be shipped! this is just plain embarrassing, i don't want to believe i wasted around $90!
is there a estimated ship date for those who have not heard anything?
so it seems that dino pets do not do so well in the northeast.  my dinos were pretty dim from the moment i got them but i had hoped they would recover.  unfortunately, we’ve had overcast skies for the past two weeks and despite trying to situate them in the brightest room in my house, i haven’t seen more than a flicker in as many days.
hey guys, i haven't received an email about my shipment. any updates? thanks! :)
hello, biopop, i was told on sept. 15 that my address had been updated and it would ship to the new address.  as of today, october 26, still nothing. sent you an email as well.
seems to stopped working at all now :(
was very disappointed to have paid so much for my dino pet not to work as great (bright) as i had hoped and now to get a bill for vat :( that's depressing
just want to say that we are loving our dino pet!! we have had it for over a month now and they are so happy and glowing well as well as multiplying well. today is the first time we are feeding them since the introducing them to their new home. thanks again for a wonderful experience!
thanks for helping me with the bag that was to warm.  you contacted me and helped me right away and we are seeing really bright light, thanks again!
was wondering when my dino would be shipped? :\
i think you guys should sell these locally. they can't handle shipping.
i think i might be having the same problem as some others. i'm guessing the poor dinos did not survive the trip to brazil. they glowed faintly on the second and third day, but now they don't glow at all.
i sent you an email :)
hey guys, if you're having problems with your dino pet, please email us at contact@biopop.com so we can help you troubleshoot and/or send you out a healthy refill. the heat during shipping effect some packages, so we want to make sure you get the best experience possible! best,  the biopop crew
like many others, i think many of mine may not have survived the trip. they seemed sort of ok the first few days, but now, they don't even appear to be alive.  :( super bummed because, even when they were "ok," i really enjoyed watching them! any thoughts from biopop on resurrecting them, or is there a way we can get replacement dinos?
so set mine up this is its 3rd day only see them do anything if i gently tap or move dino around. i'm hoping when they multiply i'll see more.  i know they time zone here is very different might have something to do with this.
mine havent worked right since day 1, the bags arrived warm.
i agree. dino definitely doesn't light up as well as shown/expected. and when they do...it's for about a half second after shaking it.
oh autocorrect! you guys know what i mean.
hey there, i got my dunno pet about a week ago, i put it together following instructions and unfortunately it seems my dino's didn't make the trip. i live in texas and it was delivered to the house while i wasn't there, so i'm assuming that has something to do with it. may i get replacement dino's from you or don't have to purchase them from the store?
when i received my dino pet, the packets were room temperature.  24 hours later, nothing lights up...several days later maybe 2 or 3 lights are seen...2 weeks later i think we are up to 5 or 6...i'm pretty disappointed as well unfortunately.  this all will be in my product review published later.
got mine, lights up on the first night, do far kids love it!
still haven't got my dino, starting to get annoyed tried to contact you guys many times.
i'm absolutely loving my dinopet!  i decided to fill it up as much as possible, that means that when i shake it that it means the whole thing doesnt light up but a few bright ones do that are mesmerizing and calming to watch as they float around. one question though - i know the care instructions say to pour out half of dinos when adding more food but would 1/4 work? i'd like to save the ones i dump out into another conatiner and feed them as well and hope by feeding them less the food will last longer (can also see i need to order more food as is lol). the book said they can last a few months with only light but i wouldnt be hurting them too much this way would i?
mine in no way glow like the video. they are very dull and only shine for a second and only when continuous shaking. these guys don't like to be boxed up and shipped. don't order these where heat is a factor during shipping (summertime). it's hit or miss. good luck with yours guys.
i got mine a couple weeks ago and i'm very dissapointed. like others i'v have very few dino's and they only light for a couple of seconds when you tap on the housing. i even emailed support and never got a response back. i live in florida and yes it's always hot in the summer but the package seemed ok. if i pour out half of the water as stated in the directions for feeding there will be zero dino's left as they will all go down the drain.... definitely not like the picture shown of the dino lighting up. :(
hello, got ours two weeks ago and one is doing well, the other seems to have a leak in the seal around the head and is slowly leaking. not sure if this hurts the dinos but they are not glowing like the other one i have. how do i get the leaking one replaced?  thanks, btw, my boys think these are so cool!
awesome! thanks!
would also like to know when mine ships, thank you.
@michael- tomorrow! @justin- shoot us an email at contact@biopop.com so we can help you troubleshoot
how do i know if my dinos are dead? they're not glowing and it's been awhile...
is there any way to know approximately my dino will ship?
@ raul and joel - shoot us an email at contact@biopop.com so we can help you troubleshoot and/or send you out a healthy refill!
same here. i received my dino, been about a week now. i've followed the manual and video and nothing. i'm afraid mine have succumbed to the heat as well.  help please
got my dino but still nothing they are not glowing at all its been about a week followed the directions too nothing.
just wondering if they have all shipped yet or not. still have not received mine or an email stating status of my mailing. update would be great. thanks guys.
have not tested the dinos yet but the plastic dinosaur thingy came all scuffed up. not very impressed so far.
hey emily, the recent heatwave was a little tough on some of our shipments, so they may have just succumbed to the heat. shoot us an email at contact@biopop.com so we can help you troubleshoot, and/or send you out a refill!
emily - my issue was i needed to agitate them to get them to glow.  i noticed the second night when i tapped the dino they would flash.  last night i could lightly shake the dino and they lit up for a few seconds.  seems to be getting brighter each night, it's tough getting them an exact 12/12 split of light/dark...
after following the directions i can safely say there is something wrong g with my dino. i followed each direction to a t and there's no glowing or anything. did i get a broken one? it's frustrating to have spent to much money on something that doesn't work at all.
anyone else noticing a green/yellow tinge to the water? i'm worried that i've got some green algae inside.
dinos are doing much better, will adjust the amount of air in my guy as well. any word on the dino pet app + augmented reality stretch goal?
still no email on shipping. hoping mine is on the way sometime "soon"
@josh - thanks, i saw the "do not shake violently" and looked past the directions.  i had noticed they flash when i tap near the dino body.  will continue to monitor the day/night cycles and see how it goes.  thanks again.
got mine yesterday. just setup and everything looks good so far. awesome!
i just received mine yesterday, and there is already some lights in response to a little bump. i'm happy so far. hopefully, it gets better in the coming weeks. @seir you may want to check the directions again. they do not glow. they flash in response to gentle agitation.
no glowing last night, hopefully they will awaken tonight :)  did notice that they would flash when i picked the dino up or set it down (reaction to the movement?) .  read the book again to my son, still diggin' it ...
have all dino pets been sent out? i still have not received mine.
thanks for super-fast reply!
like austin, package arrived with everything but the stopper cap. sent a message to your contact address and hope to hear from you soon, thanks!
still no shipping email
mine arrived yesterday, they have been re-located into the dino body and fed.  awaiting a couple of days of day/night cycles and will report back.  5yr old loves the storybook :)
@connie sorry you're disappointed! your dinoflagellates probably succumbed to the heat wave during shipping. send us an email at contact@biopop.com so we can send you out a refill!  @karl, it may just be condensation, but please let us know if the dino food pouch leaked. we can send you out a replacement no problem!
arrived today (few minutes ago) inside package was wet... not sure how much actually leaked out but definitely did not arrive fully intact... will have more info once things are setup...
they arrived a few days ago. few seemed to have survived the trip and none are still living. very disappointed in this project. it took too long to arrive and was not what was promised.  should get a refund as the heart ache it caused was flat out wrong. nearly a full year late and then to not even make a week and never looked as was promised. and yes, we did just as directed. i hope others had better luck.
just got an email confirming address now i'm excited but am worried as we didn't have a great time with couriers. i really hope they arrive ok, because we don't live in a town and are located 'remotely' as it says can be delays because of this.
@mustafa, shoot us an email at contact@biopop.com and we'll help you troubleshoot and/or send you a refill!
its been a couple of weeks since i received mine and set ip up but still no light :(
thank you for the response. i received a shipping notice today.
yay for shipment notification!  woo!  my 5yr old is very excited :)
@mtn_bkr_jen and @max garcia email contact@biopop.com so we can help you troubleshoot and/or send you a refill! @frederick, we're sending out the remaining orders as quickly as possible, and are slated to finish in the next two weeks!
is there a shipping schedule so i can figure out when to expect my dino pet?
hi biopop!  we received our dinopet, but unfortunately we were not at home when fedex tried to deliver and he delivered it the next day.  all the ice was gone.  we have cycled him thru 3 days of 12 hrs light/12 hrs dark and he is not lighting up.  i am afraid they died in transit :(  also, just a side note....the food package is not leak proof.  i am pretty sure it was screwed on as tight as possible and it all leaked out.  how do i order more food and can you send me more dinoflagellates (or do i also need to order those)?  thank you! jen
mine arrive while i was out of town a few days ago. got everything setup yesterday afternoon and had beautiful results already just 8 hours in. so interesting to study the results. i've been sharing it with everyone on and offline. and thank you to for the quick turnaround on the address mixup! really appreciated it.
it's been a year now. still no dinopet. :/
got mine a couple of days ago and i have great bioluminescence on their second night! i think that the cold snap here helped a lot. thanks!
i have received my dino pet but it's not working. not sure if it may have been an issue in the shipping process but i have tried giving it light for the entire day (not direct sunlight) and nothing as of the past three days.
i got the 'it shipped mail' but never did get a mail from fedex. not exactly sure which day the arrived since we were on vacation. they were brought in to the air conditioned house by the house sitter, but the package wasn't opened immediately. they are resting now, hopefully they didn't all die in the box :( other pet delivery things (like ecosphere and jellyfish globes) confirm resident availability dates before shipping.
got mine today - the dinos seem to have arrived safely despite it being quite cold up here in the north.  i bumped mine on the way to bed this evening and saw my first flashes of light.  it's a neat product and really well made - totally worth the wait, thanks guys!
i thought i was supposed to get a tee shirt. do so just imagine that?
i also have not receive my pet
i live near the pacific ocean which seems to be their birthplace, can i walk down to the beach and get a cup of food(err seawater). i don't want the dino food to be the next printer cartridge. $15 a pop ever couple months seems steep. if for some reason the little guys die, $50 to replace.  might be cheaper to get a puppy and a few glow sticks.  fun product just wasn't expecting the $$ to upkeep.
i was an early backer and have yet to receive my dino.  how can i check that you have my correct address?
hi, i know you guys have been working really hard to resolve all the issues and i really appreciate that. just two issues: (1) i have previously pledged additional amount but i can't remember if i have filled in the details on whether it is for additional pet or for the food. please help to check.  (2) update on delivery: would appreciate it if you could kindly update on when i can expect the dino pet here in singapore. not meaning to chase you guys but the pets are supposed to be my daughters' birthday presents last may and early this month and we are still waiting... thanks!
@thomas rogge, sounds like the little guys may have succumbed to the hot porch stay. shoot us an email at contact@biopop.com and we'll help you troubleshoot and/or send out a refill!  @austin, no problem. sorry again for the inconvenience!
tanks for the quick response biopop. you guys are fantastic.  looking forward to the cap.
just got my dino pet. no cap was included in the packaging.  please help.
my dinopet arrived friday, and it looks great. there was one little scratch on the dino, but it is mostly invisible. but the package arrived on one of the hottest days of the summer and was left setting on our south facing porch. the freezer packs were hot and i was concerned about the cultures. followed the instructions in the booklet, 12 hours of light, but not direct sunlight, 30 minutes of total darkness, but it is now tuesday  and there is still no glow. the dinoflagellates seem to still be alive as they stay suspended in the culture medium, but no glow. um.... help!
biopop...thank you! the dino is awesome! they seem to be getting brighter every night! i've gotten really good at explains what they are and how they work to everyone who has taken a look (and have to remind everyone that - no! - they are not sea monies!)
hi, i got my dinopet on friday in maryland (was like mid 90s all day), the cold packs were warm so i was bit worried but i left them alone overnight and through the next day, and on saturday i gave them a shake and saw maybe... erm.. 10 little dinos glowing! left them alone again to rest up, tried again last night (sunday) and there are tons! i accidentally bopped the dino when i went to reach for it and got a great surprise to see lots of dinos, even more when i actually went to shake them up! i can't wait for them to start multiplying even more and to have a whole dinofull. thanks guys, dinopet is super awesome!
getting anxious to receive an email  saying they are on the way. this is just cool
@albert they have to rest up to three days before they will do anything .. and as i found out they just wont glow spontaneously .. if you read the booklet they need to be in total darkness for at least 30 mins before they will start to glow .. so just shaking them in the daylight isnt going to work.. and depending on where you live they may need time to adjust their "internal clocks" to when night time is locally for your region of the world.
@randy t - yes, you need to add the entire dino bag and enough of the food to fill it up the rest of the way.  i managed to get it down to just a tiny bubble that is equal to the volume of the airspace on the plug.
ya it needs food too.
how full should the dino be? mine filled up to about his mid chest area, doesn't come close to the neck area. do i need to add food when i first put them in?
i am one of the early birds get the dino pet international but still got no pet?
i got mine yesterday and i followed the instructions but  i think that mine are dead because  they are not glowing
i just got the dino today and followed the instructions when i got home. i went to move them tonight, not expecting anything, and their flow caught me off guard. i woke up everyone in the house to show them, somehow they failed to be as excited as i. great job guys!  easily one of the coolest projects i have backed.
got my dino today thanks guys! .. letting them rest up and recharge..
just woundering when i will receive any kind of notification about this.
yay! got mine! the dino container looks a lot better than i expected. someone here mentioned that the plastic was thin so i was worried, but it's actually pretty sturdy and thick. granted it's not 100% like the prototype, but that's a given and more than passable, aesthetically, for me. i'm happy to know that another dino culture can be made when it's feeding time, because i would have poured the other half down the drain, phew! i'm really glad how awesome the packaging and shipping went, and the instructions are easy to follow. i only wish the best on your future endeavors and thanks for letting us be a part of this!
@ed ungerman: exactly! just pour out about half of the contents in 4-6 weeks, then fill it back up with dino food. you can put the dinoflagellates you pour out into whatever container you want, and add dino food to create another culture!
just got my dino pet!! my ice packets were warm by the time it got to me as well so i hope they survived the trip to florida! the packets themselves felt lukewarmish, not too hot so i'm hoping they survived :) no glow yet but the room wasnt fully dark whenh i tested it. hopefully by tonight i'll see a little something :d
mine came yesterday! the ice packs were warm by the time they reached michigan. i fill up my dino per the instructions and it did already glow a little. i can't wait until tonight to see how it is. my only question is how to add the food- just let some of the liquid out before adding more?
my dino pet has arrived! unfortunately, that baggie with the dinos, food, and ice packs was warm to the touch when i opened the box, so i'm a little afraid that they may not have gotten here as early as intended. they're in their new home now, though, so here's hoping they made the trip okay!
i received my shipping email yesterday. i hope they make it through this 100f heat.
do we need to open up the shell periodically to let in some co2?
i am backer 294 or 3,306 backers and i still haven't received a shipping notification. were these not fulfilled in order of pledges?
hey guys, great question! we're in the process of sending out the remaining kickstarter orders, and will finish in the next 3-4 weeks. as soon as your dino pet has shipped you'll receive a tracking number from fed ex. all orders placed during the early access sale will begin shipping the week of october 13th, well after all kickstarter orders have been fulfilled. hope that answers your question! email contact@biopop.com if you need any clarification. best,  the biopop crew
i still haven't received my dino pet and i too, just received the email for access to early ordering.
same here, just curious what the time frame is for shipping? especially since i just got an email saying i will have access to early ordering. thanks
i know they are shipping in small groups but no email/notifications here yet.
if my dino pet isn't lighting up can i buy the refill and food?
everything still on schedule? have the dinos peacefully reached their destination and ready to be shipped?
they're alive! i accidentally bumped dino tonight and they lit up. after a few hours of indirect sun this afternoon and a short nap, they glowed briefly when gently shaken. i'm tucking dino back to bed. awesome work guys!!!
just got my dino and it's sitting in some light right now. the dino's came in a double bag of mylar bubble wrap with two very small ice packs inside. nice idea but the packs were too small to keep the inside bag cool. let's hope my shipment didn't sit in the sun on a loading dock for too long.
still haven't received my dino pet.  so sad.
$100,000 raised over the goal and still no dinos for everyone? jeez getting frustrated
hi friends, if you have any customer service concerns, or problems, please email contact@biopop.com for a speedy response. unfortunately, we still have a relatively small team so we can't monitor all of the comment threads for customer service inquiries. thanks!  the biopop crew
i have the same issue as michael. i still want the pet, but not now. thank you.
well i go to college in a week so they'll be dead by the time i come back...
i'm sad to say that i think i received some dead dinos. i followed the directions perfectly - and after 4 days, i haven't seen anything light up at all. they sit in my kitchen which stays a constant 70 degrees and gets almost exactly 12 hrs of non-direct sunlight and 12 hours of darkness. i've even sat them in front on my led lights for 3-4 hours with no change. my little ones are super sad.
just received my dino pet via fed ex today!  yay!! sooo excited!  setting up dinophlat ed videos for my 10 yr old son right now.   packaging was great, instructions are great... well put together and easy to understand...  although i wondered if it would be okay if i put it under the light with me for a few hours before i went to bed.... or does it need solid blocks of 12 hrs of day n night.  should i have left it in the bag over night and brought it out in the morning to begin the 12 hrs?   okay, now here's the critique... i was disappointed to see a thin plastic dino because in the video, the original idea looked glass or at least a much thicker skin.  i think that adds to the effect of the glow.  so, i haven't seen him glow yet, but, i was hoping for a thicker exterior.  i understand cost now, but perhaps if this makes it to the mainstream u might consider a glass model or a much thicker exterior.  well done though.  i hope the best for u!  and will b donating our pet to my son's classroom as soon as school starts again.
hey friends, sorry for the confusion! we will be shipping the dino pets out in small groups, and sending emails to those groups with the subject line reading "your dino pet has shipped!". if you have not received this email, don't worry, that just means we haven't shipped your dino pet yet. you will also receive a fed ex tracking number in a separate email when your dino pet has shipped. @david the dino pet story book will be going to print later this week, so a few people paid for the "early delivery" backer level will have their books sent in a separate package asap.
could the shipping process be explained a bit.   i ask because this is vacation season, and people need to make arrangements.   thanks
what is the status of the dino pet story book? dino pet app? and augmented reality experience? also, are the dinos shipped everyday, or once a week?
no notification, no package... :/
well, just tested my dinos, they already did a bit of bioluminescent alerting, and then i set them down gently, and let them get back to sleep!
@ryan awesome news! if the dinos don't start to light up on the second night, shoot us an email at contact@biopop.com and we'll help you troubleshoot. if we can't identify and fix the problem, we'll send you a refill promptly! @josh, if you didn't receive a tracking number you can email contact@biopop.com and we'll help track the shipment down for you.
i received my dino pet yesterday!  i made sure my hands were clean and filled up the mold. it was 6:30 in the evening when i was able to unpack everything. i put the dino in the bathroom to sit over night, and i placed it in a room this morning that receives indirect sunlight throughout the day. the instructions say that due to the shipping conditions it could take a couple days for the the dinos to start functioning properly. if the flagellates do not start to produce their glow correctly, at what point do we contact yonder for replacement dinos? -ryan -lafayette, la
thanks. glad to hear you got notification.
@josh i didn't, but it came a day after i got the email about mine being shipped.
is anyone getting a tracking number?
got my dino pet! just set him up today, so hopefully in the next couple of days, i will see if the grow light i am using is suitable or not. hopefully it is, and i am not bothering my dinos too much.
@michael c it's best to use a little bit of the dino food to top off the dino pet after pouring in the dinoflagellates. you can experiment with the fill level (a larger bubble will allow for more easy agitation), but the idea with adding a little dino food right when you fill it up is that it will create a nutrient rich environment to help them recover from the stress of shipping. thanks for the kind words, and feel free to reach out to contact@biopop.com with any questions!
just came home to a surprise on my door step. my dino pet! i read the instructions and filled it up. i'm a little disappointed with the fact that the dinoflagellates do not fill the entire dino, and the size is quite a bit smaller than i was expecting as well. other than those two things, i am still pretty excited with what i received. i hope everything works the way it's supposed to, especially with how hot it has been lately here in san diego. thanks again!
how can i order the book to go along with the dinos? will it be shipped with the dinos?
hello, getting so very excited!  do we have an update on delivery?  i will also need the information for ordering food!  thanks
for the manual: you should show temperatures in celsius too... not all live in america.  :)
any update?
jason and ben- go ahead and send your new address to dinopet@biopop.com and we'll get it updated for you. carlizard- there will be a way to order additional food, and we'll let you know the moment the store on our website opens. we're recommending that you feed your dino pet about once a month.
hi thewre i need to update my shipping address can you advise how to do this?
in the future will there be a way to order additional food for our dinos? it says the food lasts about 6 months so i assume we would need to continue feeding the little guys to keep 'em alive and happy.
i need to update my shipping address please.
how's it progressing? i'm sitting on the edge of my seat, excited to see it come to fruition and make someone very happy
hi friends, if your kickstarter interface looks like ours, click on the 'updates' tab above to stay up to date on the project. andy's heading back to china at the end of this week to supervise the first run coming off the line, so we'll be posting a more detailed timeline as soon as we have it. also, if you haven't been getting our updates through your email, you may need to update your kickstarter account email address. thanks again for your support and your patience as we make the final push!
@creator: any updates on current or future shipment to eu?
updates please
+1 for the inquires about shipping address change and shipping dates estimative
a lot of request for estimated ship date... here's another one.
as long as the webbing addition connects the legs fluidly and doesn't seem just tacked on with visible lines or anything...which i'm assuming that's the case since it's from a whole-body mold. right? then send 'em over!
go back to the original design. it was awesome!
i'm going to second the inquiries about verifying shipping addresses. i may have to move soon.
thank you for the recent update showing the open leg design, however i am not so much in love with that particular change to the look.
what's the projected ship date?
thanks for the update! i'm still excited to get my dino pet. hopefully it'll be here by my birthday (april 5), but if not then all is well. i'm not impatient :]
hi! there seems to be a long, uncomfortable pause in communications around here. any news on shipping, production, etc.?
what shipping service will be used?
how does one check to see if their shipping address and payment is all fine and dandy and one is ready to receive their dino when it's available?
looks good. thanks for the update.  where's the tail?  happy dino new year!
happy new years dino pet team. i'm sure i don't stand alone when i say this, but i would really like an update on what's going on over on your end. have you figured out the plastic yet? do you have updated time lines? any information is greatly appreciated, especially pictures so that we can see how our money is helping your vision come to life. even if it's to say you've had a hiccup or two and things are being pushed back. i back a lot of products and i know there are issues, but i start to get worried when months go by without being updated. anyway, i hope you all had a wonderful holidays and have a happy and safe new years. i look forward to the next update.
hey bio pop,  it has been two months since the last update.  please keep your backers informed as to what is happening with the project.  we understand that problems arise.  just let us know.
any updates?
great find eric!
@creator  - -- any updates?
here is their wordpress blog http://labtothepark.wordpress.com/2013/10/13/week-11/
i dont know if anyone saw these but there are a series of these "squid" containers up on thingiverse that were used for an art exhibit to hold bioluminescent bacteria, the creators have put them up for anyone to download and print if you have access to a 3d printer.. however if you go on and read the wordpress blog they had some troubles getting them to be "leak proof" .. so your milage may vary. http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:178369
any update as to tail vs. no tail?  i feel that without a tail it might as well be a giraffe, whereas with a tail, it's most certainly a dinosaur.
how about an update on where the project stands?
hello, i am a backer and have added my delivery instructions but need to make an address change...  how may i do so?  i cannot seem to re-open the respond dialog. thanks!
@donna gouch: additional orders are unfortunately no longer available through kickstarter. we will have another option shortly. please send an email to dinopet@yonderbiology.com to confirm what you would like to order. dino pet crew
how do i edit my pledge to add $10 for the dino food?
we are surveying now to confirm pledges and contact info so that we can work on logistics outside of the kickstarter platform. that way we can also communicate with you in case of any questions. prior to shipping we will send a message confirming the order.
ugh, why send the survey now for something shipping in 7 months =\
$75 international early bird slot opening up if your quick.
so... whats the deal with that note in the faq about not being able to ship these to australia, i've been waiting and waiting and waiting... were you guys going to send out an update or should we just cancel our pledges?
thank you! just a few hours left… please tell everyone about the living #bioluminescent #dinopet ! kck.st/14hd3vf
congratulations guys!!!! 6 hours to go
i'd like a lil dino with a tail
i vote no tail. this makes a perfect learning tool/toy for kids & a tail doesn't seem super kid-friendly since it could make dino more fragile.
the dino pet is a wonderful idea but spam is never the answer.
will the app for the dino pet be available for the windows phone?
no tail!
i think a short stubby tail would balance it out nicely without being  child hazard
greg has a point. i'd prefer no tail. less for my kids to break. and congrats for hitting $150k!
no tail.   likely to break off in my toddler's hands!
i think a tail would look nice on it.
@yonderbiology: congratulations on meeting your stretch goals!
yes to the tail. :d
no tail please! i backed this project because i liked the design... but if a good deal of people want a tail then maybe consider making more than one design. of course, having more than one design will probably cost you more time and money. plus i'll be giving the dino pet to my 4 year old son (with some supervision) and, trust me, a blunt tail would just be an accident waiting to happen. i think the design you have now makes the dino pet more versatile when it comes to the different age groups.
so how's  the voting going on tail or no tail?
i love the design, but it needs a tail. a cute, stubby tale that also glows. i can't wait to have a dino-shaped bio night-light!
yes for tail. yes for stegosaurus. yes for plesiosaur. yes to this project.
hey guys, i backed this project cause of the awesome design of the dino pet! so please don't ruin it by adding a tail. what about the possibility of an individual choice for every backer?
considering the marine inspiration, it would be cool if it were a plesiosaur rather than a terrestrial dinosaur.
so what do i do if i don't have a twitter account, and don't want anything to do with a twitter account.
a tail would be cool.
the dino would be really cool with a tail ! (if the tail is tough enough for not breaking) . it's already cool, but it's doesn't look to a '''real'' dinosaur, it's a bit abstract. it's would be really more looking like a dinosaur with a tail !
so can i pledge +20 dollars to get 2x the foods?
stegosuarus!!!
so excited!!! just ordered, can't wait...my birthday is in april, it will be a gift for myself, from myself!! i will have the opportunity to give you my shipping address though right? it's different to the one i have with amazon...??
i am having trouble, too! i pledged the $40 and want food. i read in the details how to do it but i'm not really sure what happened!
great job gents!!!!  now, where is my velociraptor???
no tail please. also i'm having trouble managing my pledge to add $10 for food.
holy #dinopet! we are so honored with the glowing response! remember, dino pets will ship globally (where permissible by import laws)... more news later!
our first child is due 4/22/14. what a cool way to add some light to the nursery!
so proud of myself, stopped and moved away from kickstarter and then this showed up via  i f*cking love science's facebook page and could not resist.
woot!!  100,000$ goal reached!!
i made a $250 pledge and would like to increase.  could i increase that to $400 as be able to get a second pet only, no extras plus some food for both?  i really would like one to give someone engraved for the $250, but would really like a single one for myself as well, and would happily pay $150 more.
nevermind. ive read the email and it appears to confirm its changed, not duplicated ;) great work you guys!
im giddy with the explosion of pledgers! more than $2000 increase with the time ive been on site! just a quick question about the add on process. i made my pledge, went through the payment steps and went back to manage for the amount of food. its taken me through the payment steps again. did i just pledge twice?
great job laure. iowa rocks.
i would like to see tails on my 2 dino pets please! can't wait for them to arrive!
just saw your project on i f*cking love science's facebook group...i will go ahead and guess this project will soon be flooded with pledges!!!  love the idea, i donated 40$ can't wait to get my hands on one of these cuties for my niece!  this will be a great way to introduce her to the amazing wonders of science and nature!  great job guys!
just add to your pledge the $20 and we will confirm all orders at the end of campaign
maybe i missed a step along the way...anyway to add $20 of food to my pledge?
@adapia we love your energy! every echo helps in making it to the next level… thank you.
@tay we will honor add-on pledges. thank you for your support
i adore this and i've shared it far and wide, which has gotten picked up by many others and it makes me so happy that other people are as interested as i am in science! great job and congratulations already. i hope you reach the stretch goals and double down!! adapiaderrico.com
definitely needs a tail! i'm getting this for my younger sister, she'll love it!
i have just pleadge the $140 for international shipment. please advixe if i am able to add on 2 dinos and extra food. thanks!
@afritz the dino food ill be available after the campaign ends. we will make sure that ks backers are rewarded after the campaign with preferential pricing.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
do you think there will be a way to get additional dino food at reasonable 10$ prices going forward? i can't bear the thought of the poor lil sea-monkeys starving to death.
@christopher murray, if i'm not mistaken, to order extra food, you need only pledge an additional $10 and wait for the funding period to conclude.  a survey will be dispatched to all of their backers, and you can then specify that you have pledged an additional $10 for the dino pet food.
i can't for this!! i can't seem to figure out how to order extra food though...really need some!!
yes the estimated ship date is april 2014 unless you got the express shipment one it is february 2014.
do we have an estimated ship date?
@eric gustafon, i believe i read somewhere on the project's page, that you would have to pour out about half of the liquid in the dino pet and replace it with the sterile brine solution.
@yonder biology, just curious .. if the dino's container the come in is "full" how does one add more food ..? do you have to remove liquid before adding more? .. can you explain the "feeding" process a little more.
i say yes to a tail as well... i think it's a great place to put a stopper for the container. also, when does the dino bloom peak in sd? my kids are excited to go see it after viewing your ks video.  =d
akiyo // rad idea!  we'll see what we can do. wilson // the complicating factor of an open container or introducing other creatures with the dinos is the potential for contamination.  if a common algae begins growing in the same container with the dinoflagellates, they'll compete for food and resources.  therefore, the dinos will not be able to thrive.  they obviously hang out in the ocean with other critters, so anything is possible.  it just adds layers of complexity. robin // thanks!
kudos guys, this is so freaking cool. best of luck with your kickstarter life and beyond.
@yonder biology, are there any dangers of having dinos in an open container? also can one have fish or something in the container or dinos only? how do dinos interact with other things? etcetc?
i suggest making the sticker and tshirt glow in the dark as well, if they don't already.  also, 100% yes to a tail.
thank you all for a couple of amazing days! ac // we can be flexible with delivery times if you prefer the dino pet to arrive later than when it's originally released. karl // thanks for keeping an eye on us!  things are moving quick and that one was overlooked. joseph // we'll make dinos available separate from the dino pet after the orders are all fulfilled.  after that point, you'll be able to order them routinely from yonder along with extra 'dino food'.
would it be possible to purchase the dinos separately from the container? i have a few containers that would look amazing with bioluminescence!
so excited this got funded.  if all goes smoothly, my daughter will be the happiest kid on her birthday next april.  ;-)  lol
lads, the nick "cuntybaws"you have in your quotes image is rather more offensive than you realise. it is slang that translates to "vagina testicles".
would a delayed shipment be possible? it seems like some people might volunteer to get their dino delivered later in the year to better align with birthdays gifts, etc. (i realize this could complicate things for order processing so it might not work out)
love the idea! i'm a back now, and i can't wait to see the finished product! (i like the idea of a tail on the dino.)
personally, i would love to see dino food as one of the stretch goals.
here's a possible solution to international shipping issues. why not pack it with a uv led device that turns on for a few hours a day while shipping. this would guarantee a freshly charged and alive dino! you could probably find something to do this cheaper than the increased international shipping costs.
wooohooo goal achieved.... please add a tail, ill take 2 once the tail is added. a tail would make it that much cooler.
congratulations yonder biology!  hoping one of the stretch goals is a velociraptor or a t-rex!!
congrats!!
done!!!!!!! goal reached!!!!!! yay
$42 to go!!!!!!
added $10 for food. -- wondering how much it'd cost for enough dino for a 130 gallon aquarium! lol
so close!
yes to a tail!
there is no spot that says food. when you manage pledge where it shows the dollar amount, just add $10 to that and they will send you a survey to see what you wanted with the extra $10 you added.
think it's almost time for stretch goals.
hello! just placed my plege for my 2 dino's and book! clicked under manage my pledge to add on some food for them and can't seem to see the $10 snack package option.  please assist!
fantastic idea, love the dinosaur shape, but i agree with the others who think it should have a tail!!
andrew // we realize the international option is pricey compared to the us only price. we'll be shipping the dino pets from the us via an express courier to ensure they arrive alive/healthy and within a defined time frame. since customs and international shipping leads to increased delivery times, there is a cost associated with the express shipping service. this is also the only way we can provide you with a guarantee that your dino pet will arrive alive. eric // thanks for the help in keeping up with the campaign questions! ;d
@andrew  they posted something about this earlier in the comments you probably didnt see it.. the pets are being shipped via express (i.e 1 day or 2 day express i am guess) .. hence the much higher international costs.. if you tried to ship 10kg of bricks overnight to the usa it would probably cost that much as well .. but yonder can answer the question .. i am just reposting what they had previously stated about international orders) creator yonder biology on aug 13 alexandre: there's an option for 'dino pet international'. however, we realize it's a bit pricey compared to the us only price. we'll be shipping the dino pets from the us via an express courier to ensure they arrive alive/healthy and within a set time frame. since customs and international shipping leads to increased delivery times, there is a cost associated.
us only non-earlybird: $40 international: $125 shipping international costs $85??? i could ship 10kg of bricks cheaper. i would severely suggest fixing this to increase pledge amounts and backer support, asthat is a severe ripoff to people external to the us.
desiree //  we responded to your message directly.  thanks for your support! ronald //  we're planning to include 250ml of dino food with each shipment.  it's enough for the first 'feeding'.  you'll initially use the food between 1-3 months and then need to 'feed' again another 1-3 months later depending on the growth rate of the dinos.
how much "dino food" will we get with the first shippment?  and how much will this dino food most ?  how long will it last?
very cool concept i'm in for fourty!  hope you guys hit the number that you need!
sorry for the million comments, but me and my spouse both pledged to the same address but using the same amazon account and card, so we have 2 separate pledges but 2 dino's should ship to our address, did i do that properly i just want to make sure i get both and not just 1. one pledge was the $75 international and the other was $85 to canada. we added $10 to each pledge for extra food. does it show that on your end? thank you and sorry for the confusion.
in the event that you need more food or a new pet after the kickstarter event is over, how would we go about getting these? and also i am in canada so how exactly would it work just to get more food?
i think it needs a tail as well! :) can't wait for my dino pet!!! these are amazing.
adao // your dino pet will need 'dino food' after 1-3 months.  we'll provide some food with your order (enough for the first 'feeding').  if you want extra 'dino food' included in your dino pet shipment, you may order it as an add-on. james:  we're on the same wavelength...but with a cool twist.  go dino go!
yonder biology:  i think a cool stretch goal idea would be to introduce another dino, such as the tyrannosaurus rex.
i'm a little confused about the pet food. the pet will come with the first set of "food"? the  first set will allow near 6 months of luminescence? than keep buying very 6 months. please, also include the response in the faq.
please please please add a tail i like the way it looks but a tail would complete the dino pet. thank you for reading my comment, sorry for the caps i was a bit excited :d
can international backers get the t-shirt and extra food i don't see the option for t-shirt open to outside us?  if i added 35$ extra could i get both?  i think a tail might be a nice idea
roger:  great question.  we purposely put the footage at ~1:06 into the video to give you everyone some perspective of the light output.  notice that the yonder biology sign is visible during these several seconds.  we haven't tried to quantify the output in lumens.  it's actually quite difficult to capture the intensity of the bioluminesce on video.  in the room, it's spectacular.  if you constantly shake the container, it'll bioluminesce for ~15-20 minutes but it'll get dimmer and dimmer because all of the luciferase is being used.  the dinos will 'recharge' themselves the next day and be ready for more the following evening. if you only shake them occasionally throughout an evening, you can get many hours of bioluminescence out of them as they're not using up all of the luciferase at once.  even slight movement will cause them to light up.  it's equally fascinating to view the single cells lighting up although nowhere near as intense when they're shaken vigorously.
only very roughly, but after vigorous shaking what is a typical light output in lumens and with what half life?
thanks for being so responsive!
dino mini? lol incase the big dino gets lonely.  maybe extra food.
james:  we're pondering some stretch goal ideas and have a couple of standouts currently. what would you guys like to see?  ideas?
+1 for tail.  thank you for the add-on information!  do you have any stretch goals in mind if you reach your fundraising goal early?
matrix, seth, colin, jason:  we've made extra 'dino food', dino books and extra dino pets available through add-ons to accommodate your requests.  the info is on the page and i'll list it here too. add-ons add-ons are additional items you can add to a tier you have already selected. to receive an add-on, pledge the additional amount of the item (or items) to your tier. once the campaign has ended, we’ll send out a survey where you can specify the add-on(s) you have chosen. available add-ons are listed below. for example, if you've selected the $30 dino pet tier, and you'd like to also receive the $10 dino food, you would click the "manage your pledge" button and make an additional pledge of $10. dino food // $10 one liter of dino food (sterile salt water + nutrients) which should last ~6 months. dino pet story book // $20 the story book introduces kids to the wonderful world of bioluminescent creatures using their dino pet as a living guide. the book is written and illustrated by paul taylor. dino pet // $40 get an extra dino pet. available to backers worldwide. no additional shipping cost is required.
+1 for a tail. again, if the design allows for it.
i like the current simple design without the tail. (based on comments below, i may be in the minority.)
+1 for tails.  someone had a good comment about breakability, though, so please watch that in the design phase.
eric:  yes, you'll notice the dinoflagellates will be dimmer when they're ready for some 'dino food'.  we'll put that info in the manual too.
when the nutrient level gets low do the dinoflagellate exibit any sort of symptomatic behavior? .. i.e. don't glow as brightly etc.. just curious.. im sure the pet will have a "trouble shooting" section in the care  manual .. ?
i wish i could pledge 3 of the 30$ group and get 3 pets!
wilson:  as long as you have one dinoflagellate present, you can establish a culture.  they use mitosis (splitting of the cell) to divide asexually producing two identical copies of themselves. jason: eventually, the dinos need more nutrients to live on and keep dividing.  we'll include a complete 'care manual' with the dino pets with all our tips and tricks to keep them healthy and bright.
they will die without food, apparently.  i guess light alone isn't enough to keep them going forever.
whops i scrolled down and found what i was looking for... another question then. since it's living creatures i assume they breed or something while this is all going on? will they all die out eventually or will they continue to create new dinos on their own?
since it's living creatures, how will they survive? or more accurately, how long will they survive?
i really hope this makes it! it's so cool!
colin // jason:  will add this to our list and get back to you. todd: thanks! trevor:  yes, pyrocystis fusiformis.
hey, great product idea. i'm just finishing off a project to build a biotech manufacturing facility here in australia, so i couldn't resist.
what is the species of dino you will be using. will it be pyrocystis fusiformis or something different.  thanks
i'm pro tail too +1 for tail
another +1 for tails! its cute now but i think it could be even cuter with one - reminds me of littlefoot from the land before time movie,
yes, that's what i meant -- option to buy more dino food as an add-on.  i'd rather buy, for example, one years' worth of food all up-front rather than have to order more and pay for shipping.
hi! i see that there will be some dino food included, but can we have an option to purchase more at the same time? thanks and good luck!
fris13:  there's a canadian option now // the shipping is $45 on top of the cost of the dino pet.
i would definitely pump up my $1 pledge to $45 if a canadian reward level was added.
jason: yes, we'll provide some 'dino food' in the shipment too.
+1 for tails!  not to knock on the dinos but it looks a bit like a dog right now.  a tail should help! could we get dino food as an add-on too?  would help to minimize the additional shipping costs of ordering more food separately.
what if the tail is the feed/reload spout??
no tail because more prone to breaking, especially if you have to shake the dino. the more simple the better!
i'd have to see a pic of a prototype with a tail to be certain .. though im leaning pro tail.
matrix // seth:  we'll get back to you... amy:  yes, we'll provide some 'dino food' with the shipment.
are you guys shipping food with our little dinos?
i'm also wondering about a storybook add-on for early birds.
+1 for tails. also, for early-birds, is there an add-on for the storybook?
@yonder biology yes, it would. thanks a lot, i appreciate it!
alexandre: for canada, we can get the express shipping to around $45.  would that work?  if so, we'll add a 'dino pet canada' reward.
@yonder biology my apologies, i hadn't seen that option. however, does it really cost 95$us to ship something from san diego, ca to quebec, canada? it is not that much farther than maine, or new hampshire. how long can the dinos survive in shipping? is it 1-3 days, or more like a week?
alexandre:  there's an option for 'dino pet international'.  however, we realize it's a bit pricey compared to the us only price.  we'll be shipping the dino pets from the us via an express courier to ensure they arrive alive/healthy and within a set time frame.  since customs and international shipping leads to increased delivery times, there is a cost associated.
i for one am pro little tail for the apatosaurus.
keith:  absolutely.  sculpin is currently on tap in our back room!
why is the shipping restricted to the usa? canada is not that far away!
so when this gets funded will you let locals come down and have a beer with you fine gentlemen ?????
well noted antony but who will shake the tree? we'll have to also create a giant mechanical monkey!
i want a giant one of these to take to burning man next year. we could call it the tree of life!
