@jordi @stefan very sorry for the lack of updates, we are knee deep in work, getting those kits ready for you as fast as we possibly can. delivery time still to be determined, we will keep you posted as soon as we can share more.
one month and a half since last update... please please please update...you promised frequent updates...
more then a month since last update...is it that hard to share at least some info? yeah we know things did not go as planned with pixel kit. but how about the others?
@kevin, as soon as we have an eta for the cameras we will let you know, working with the team to get more details soon. apologies for the delay and how long its taking.
i mean the early bird pack....
hello, i ordered the camera kit, when will it be delivered?
hi jordi. we are working to get them out as soon as possible, we will keep you posted with the next estimated shipping and hopefully, it will be there in time for your kid's birthday. apologies again for the delay.
any chance of receiving the kit by mid-may? it is the birthday of the kid that persuaded us to back this campaign and it would be a wonderful present...
..
hi tsang, as per our latest update the pixel kit will start shipping in this quarter, we will keep you posted when we have a more specific date. apologies for the delay.
hi mark, as per our latest update the pixel kit will start shipping in this quarter, we will keep you posted when we have a more specific date. apologies for the delay.
hello i still haven't received that  when i can get it
what's happening with this.. an update would be appreciated ...
hi ted. we apologize for the delays and are sorry about your niece being waiting for her christmas gift, that's not a great situation at all and we understand that. we are making progress and working on getting the kits delivered as soon as humanly possible but didn't want to send out a product that was not meeting the level of quality we aim to deliver to our customers. we are building a great product that will wow your niece and sending it earlier would have put that level of quality in danger. thanks for the understanding and bearing with us as we get the pixel kit sent to you. ^do
so, i thought the delays were due to a fire in china, now you tell us that the software isn't even ready! how could you possibly have shipped in time for christmas if it's march and you haven't finished the software! it's no wonder kickstarter has such a massive trust issue, it appears that you are patently dishonest. i'm pissed off because my niece is still waiting for her christmas present.
@kevene, we will give you a better estimate as soon as we can, apologies for not being able to be more precise here.
you stated in your last update that your delivery is moved to the second quarter and that's vague too; do you have a specific month?
@david ok, thanks for checking.
@jordi just double checked with the team and you are absolutely correct, apologies for the misunderstanding on my end. we will send the survey closer to the delivery date.  best regards
@david - kano: you mention "...the survey we did a while back". i was assuming that the survey was not send because the rewards are not ready. i have not received this survey. could you please help on that?
hi @kevin! best bet is to do it through the survey we did a while back. but just in case, please drop our customer care team an email at help.kano.me so they can update your records. best!
david, i need to update my shipping address. can you provide me with the best way to do this? thank you. looking forward to receiving our product. kevin
@aleksandar hajdukovic we've made a couple of updates lately, but basically we had a fire at the factory and the delivery of the pixel kit has been affected, unfortunately. have a look at the latest updates we've posted to know more about where we are. @buzzingmaxx not much else to report, work continues, we will keep you posted when we have more real news to share. at the moment the team is just making progress on the aspects we outlined on our last update. @ronnie kwok, of course we are looking at shipping with the maximum security levels when talking a battery product. happy to see you like the manual!
i forgot about your project completely but my 6-year old kid make me remember. so... you said first part of this 3 device kit will come in december? were they shipped to some countries already, or they were not shipped yet? when we can expect first part from three in slovenia, europe? best and good luck alex
2 more weeks have passed... guys, any update would be great. just drop a note, no matter whether the news are good or bad! don't leave us in the dark.
thank you for the update! you mentioned about the prototype can be driven by the battery, i wonder if the battery is replaceable and are there concern in shipping product with embedded battery? btw, really love the manual, a smooth sailing brings confidence to the little enthusiast.
hi everybody, david from kano here. the team has been hard at work and we are going to be doing a backer update probably next week, we are putting together the different pieces of it and will be keeping you all in the loop shortly. apologies for the perceived absence, the team came back from holidays and we've been hard at work preparing all the bits and pieces for the year. we will be in touch next week!
@kano came here to look at status, is there automated e-mails i can receive to see updates?  i'm with jordi with the idea of having a bit more clarity on what to expect as far as new shipment dates. thanks.
@kano: during the campaign you wrote  "we've given above a conservative estimate of of delivery dates. we are committed to keeping you informed of our progress in the months following the campaign." please, make honour of your words and keep us informed (only a very few updates) and please give us a new, realistic estimate of delivery dates not only for the pixel kit but also for the other kits (is there any advance in the other kits?). as backers and your supporters we really appreciate feeling involved with sharing of information. better short and frequent updates rather than a few, very detailed updates with many weeks of silence.
very silent here... any news at all?
hi there, sorry to pester you. i am in singapore. any thoughts on the expected delivery dates :d  - cheers!
amazing this stuff
@saied farahmand. you are aware this is a ks not a pre-order dates are not set in stone kano can be trusted to deliver and their products are top notch but on this occasion there is a delay due to factors beyond their control so we have to wait (wish they posted proper update though)
i needed this for my kids for christmas , how would go about cancelling the order? thanks, saied
@kano: any further update about the pixel kit and the problems at the factory? the last update was a bit frustrating, it was only about new challenges at kano world but nothing about the kits we pledged.
@saied farahmand read the latest updates there was a fire at the factory meaning the dec shipping date is not happening it will be early next year
hello, i have not receive any update on my order which is suppose to be delivered in december. please advise thanks, saied
hi, please ignore my previous post. i managed to get the kit out of customs. thanks!
hi, would you be able to provide the dhl tracking number for my cano + screen kit? it's stuck in new zealand customs. unfortunately dhl is not really able to search their database by delivery address, just by tracking number! thanks, jens
received the kano computer and screen kits in canada today. everything came through in good condition with a pi 3 model b v1.2 in the computer kit. duty was $63 with dhl. now i have to not touch it before christmas and resist giving it to the kids early so i can watch! yes i have self control issues. in canada we are considered "other countries" so i was unable to order at all on the kano.me site. so no second computer kit for me. :( happy holidays everyone.
question regarding the computer kit discount for backers (maybe i'm getting it wrong). the update said "for backers only, we will take off another $10, for a $60 discount on our best computer kit yet. just enter ks210 at checkout, for an $89 computer anyone can make: http://kano.me – shipped to you in a matter of days." - when i go to the shop, it's €159.99 - €10 => €149.99.
btw, i mean the kits that were purchased in the kano master backing...cheers!
will the computer kits be the new kits that are faster than the old old kits?
i have yet to back a project on ks that has ever met their delivery timelines, including kano in the first go-round when trying to perfect an hdmi cable led to delays of several months. so, at least they're being consistent.
thanks for the update - i hope nobody was hurt! sorry to hear about the delay in shipping, and i'm sure it's something all your backers can understand. safety and security first - whether it's our own, or someone else's.
@kano could you please  give us an update? (you promised to keep us informed after finishing the campaign)
i backed a pixel kit and hoped to give it as a x-mas present. is that within the current time frame if it needs shipping to sweden?
hi, just checking in here and wondering if there are any updates. dec is fast approaching! thank you!
i would order a computer as you offered, but it says you don't ship to the usa. i tried to order it through paypal... dan kurtycz
great news.... my son is already a very committed minecraft designer, happy to widen his horizons!
looking forward to the first kit!
super super excited!  what a great addition.  thank you for keeping kids interested and happy!!!
congrats kano! i'm very stoked to share this with my kids over the holidays and next year. i was wondering about the sensor bonus that was mentioned in the updates...did anything come from that? i may have missed it.
congratulations! best wishes for the rest of the project work.
congratulations
very cool! looking forward to my devices!
so chuffed you got the funding, now all i need is the patience to wait for delivery to start playing with the grand children haha.
i pledged for the early bird packet but it says ' no surveys send'  is this the survey to collect my information or an other one?
@techric they are expecting to deliver as follows pixel kit - december 2016 camera kit - may 2017 speaker kit - july 2017
when, approximately,  should we expect to ship?
please add a new bundle with sound and climate.
since stretch goals may not be possible, perhaps consider donating a portion of the excess to charities of the backers' choice?
congratulations!! (and think again about the possibility of a t shirt!)
no cute t shirt this time?!!!! no?  :'(
congratulation , can't wait to receive the camera!!
congratulations on reaching your goal! are there going to be any stretch goals, seeing as you have exceeding (at least on paper) your original funding goal?
@aprildámaso we'd love to help you with this! could you send us a private message? thanks! ^mk
why can't you ship the steam package to canada, but other tiers are okay to ship to canada?
@scottgriffitts each new kit comes with a brand new custom computer 'brain' with an arm processor!
what will be powering these devices? may i suggest the gr8 from next thing co.? the arm based soc looks perfect for this application.
components even in the commercial range should not have issue at 5°c, i'm more concerned about humidity on the long term, you may need to coat the board or better tropicalise it. (the camera sensor itself should work better at lower temperature because the higher the more  noise you will get.)
@hans what an amazing project idea! you can catch late night snackers raiding your chocolate stash! we haven't tested the camera at low temperatures, but i'll add it to our list of things to try! ^mk
i would love to have the sensors available as separate items. snapping a picture when the fridge opens (movement) or when it starts to rain (humidity). by the way, does the camera still work at 5°c?
@rayespiritu you can sadly only support a single pledge. perhaps you could get a friend or family member to back for the second pixel kit? ^mk
@kateguberg kickstarter only supports a single currency for a campaign :( as a brit i feel your brexit exchange rate pain! ^mk
@mohdleeabdullah really sorry we're not shipping to brunei - we had some customs issues previously which meant we couldn't deliver there just yet, but we're working on it!
hi guys, i love these kits and after showing the video to my kids i'm sure they will love them too. trouble is, i have two children and the younger one also wants a pixel kit. is there a mechanism for backing more than 1 pledge level or for ordering multiple kits?
as this is shipped from the uk can we have prices in sterling please? exchange rate changes are hurting!
any reason why you can't deliver to brunei? i've backed many projects that deliver to brunei without any issue. you might not get a lot more backers here, but i'm sure it won't cost you anything more than delivering to other countries near by, i.e. singapore & malaysia
@andrasbalazslajtha kano code is still in beta, so we'll definitely be adding more documentation as it matures! you'll also get access to the low level stuff on the kits themselves, so you can hack to your heart's content!
@jordi: it's a bit fragile for children, but there is already one: the re:phone project from @seeedstudio that was a successful kickstarter, about a year ago. but i would like to see how kano make manage such a project :)
great project, just pledged for an early bird pack, and started looking around for the specifications and getting familiar with the ide. after looking around in kano code, i felt a bit lost: couldn't find the docs for the different web based components (like weather or sports).where is the documentation? how can these components be configured? will there be ifttt or mqtt integration for iot applications? also i understand that kano kits will run linux. will there be an api to access the cool hardware features from lets say python, or some other higher level language? keep up the good work!
our kids love their "kano" complete computer and now we pledged the three new kits. for the future, my suggestion/dream is a "mobile phone that anyone can make" in kano-style. only imagine controlling all the kits with a "kano-style" phone!! we wish you all the success
any possibility of u.k. backers paying in pounds sterling? the way the exchange rate is going against the dollar the price of the product is going up even though it is from a uk company!
@manoeltrapier you got it! we do have a few black ones in stock still, so it may be either colour.
@linh i'll ask them team to take some snaps!
@mohdleeabdullah afraid not =(
@kano oh! that mean that if i buy it on your website now i would get the yellow bezel? :) and for spreading the word, yeah no worries :)
can you guys update some picture that taken by the camera?
any chance to add delivery to brunei?
@stefan-van-der-gevel the kits shipping to the eu will be shipped from the uk. you should not get extra customs fees!
is this shipped eu friendly (no customs)?
how does the camera thermal filter work?i got this as well: http://kck.st/2bcupe0 and  http://kck.st/2dowh4c
@manoeltrapier we switched to the yellow bezel a few months ago - we think it looks great in both colours!
@manoeltrapier you're in - and we love you for it! why not tell the rest of the world? http://bit.ly/2dltkqd
@cole i don't think you'll be able to resist - they're far too exciting to leave in the box!
@markcapell-helm you've hit the nail right on the head! each product takes a lot of time to get ready for manufacturing, so we've spread it out to make sure you get the best kit possible!
by the way, the screen you show in the campain picture have a yellow frame where the one on your shop is black. is it a special version for this ks campaign?
wow i've never got such a low backer number... :d i'm clearly in!
personally i'd like to get it all at once, even if its all at the latest date. though that's mainly because i don't trust myself to not play with it before my son has a chance. =/
@kano whats the reason for the staggered fulfilment on the different components in the triple pack i am assuming that it is due to production capacity restrictions but a shame it wont all come at once #greedybacker lol
@marlocorridor really sorry if we don't ship to your country this time around. many folks had a tough time getting their packages in certain countries last time, so we decided to reduce our shipping destinations until we find a really reliable solution.
why delivery is not available to some countries? on philippines in my case, kano kit has been delivered before. :) is it not possible that you could partner to some package forwarder for the backers? :) thanks.
in for the triple pack early bird because it would be silly not too now lets watch this campaign fly
@jens: thanks - have missed that ;)
@knudjacobsenjensen 3 quick answers to 3 quick questions! - the filters are added by the kano code software - yes! you'll be able to keep the kits running off their power cables - definitely! you can write new apps and upload them wirelessly
@andrewross  the kits will definitely work with the latest computer kit! you can already check out kano code here: https://world.kano.me/projects
@rince we're currently adding multilingual support into all of our software, and should be ready in 2017! each kit uses a custom computer board that will run on linux.
3 quick questions - how does the camera thermal filter work? is it similiar to how "flir" works? - can the kits run on wired power, and will disconnecting the power make it turn off, or just continue on the battery power? - each kit lists a certain ammount of app modes. could these be reconfigured on the fly over the wi-fi modole in them ? and i already backed the campaign, your previous kits are awesome :)
die buecher auf deutsch: http://d2s67l4r94ye37.cloudfront.net/kano-books-de.zip
i have an original kano kit which is still working well.  will this new system work with it?  also will kano code be released for everyone?
some questions: - for the original kano kit you promised a translation of your book in several languages. what happened with it? i still miss the german version so i can use it together with my nephew :( - are the new kits based on raspi or something similar? could i 'translate' the code on a pi with a similar led-system later?
