i found these for sale publicly through uncommon goods. congrats!
my kisa never arrived. is there any way to track it?
i still didn't get a reply... :(
hi, i'm from the uk, still waiting for my kisas that were apparently shipped 1 month ago. could you please update on where they are? thanks, mari
i'm a uk backer and also got a massive customs charge, which i also didn't expect being as they were allegedly being shipped from within the uk. i'd have far preferred to wait the extra few weeks, and been informed of the delay, than had them sent slightly sooner and been made to pay even more money on top of a shipping charge which was already pretty expensive.
dear hendrik, so sorry about this extra charge. originally we planned to ship all of the uk order to the uk and then distribute them locally. after the goods were completed, there was a 3 week unforeseen delay in the dispatch if the goods for the uk. we did not want to ship everyone else's orders and make backers in the uk wait, so we decided to ship all the uk orders from the usa. this cost us more, but we wanted to do it as a service to backers like you in the uk. we had not foreseen at the time that there would be this extra vat change. we know that this is a big extra charge for you. we really apologize. please understand, this is not extra money we have collected.
mine arrived yesterday. the candles are awesome but the extra import charge was not. what happened to this statement? > non-us customers: we will be shipping all orders from the uk my uk delivery was quite clearly shipped from the us and i was charged £24 (approx $40) which is virtually the price of an entire 'beast within' candle! that is on top of the not exactly small postage charge already included in the reward level. very annoying :(.
got them in the mail back in june. they're awesome!
did anybody else from the uk get a customs charge for their candle? after paying for delivery and then extra  i didn't expect a customs charge too... :/ has probably cost me close to £45 for the candle now...
ok.. mine arrived today... and she is gorgeous..... i hope there will be many more to come as i have people that will want one for sure.
mine has not arrived. how do we check track the postage?
got my pets today, they're awesome. but, both glass jars arrived shattered. did you really ship glass without any sort of padding, peanuts, or protective packaging? sigh...
received my evil twins today! i love them!
got my evil twins yesterday! love them!! amazing!
got my kisa today!  looks amazing; can't wait to see what you do next!
got my kisa today.  so cute and way bigger than i expected.  time to watch it burn!
got my little kitten today! thank you! my son keeps begging me to light it, but it's so pretty.
got my evil twins yesterday!! thanks so much!! i can't wait to give my daughter hers! cheers to your success!!
received my kittens today - so exceeded my expectations. love them!! and the pins...and the packaging! thanks pyropet.
got them today, everything looks awesome!
wow. just came. so nice. i expected it to be cool but it's even better than i thought
i just got mine! i can't wait to set it on fire!!!
absolutely love my kisa.  thanks for making such a cool product!  loved the packaging and the pin :) can't wait to buy more for gifts!
kisa arrived safely and is beautiful. thank you!
got my kisa! thank you for the pin & card.
the pins are so cute! way better than a matchbox, as cool as that was. =^.^=
i am so excited about the lapel pin! thanks for coming up with an even cooler reward.
@s dhillon: yes.
so if we bought more than one matchbox, will we get the same amount in pins?
@patricia blair: yes, please see all updates on the project here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1316011250/kisa/posts , the estimated delivery is around end of this month/beginning of june, we will send out a new update very soon. (you should also receive the updates to your email... maybe they're landing in your spam folder?).
my estimated delivery was march and i never received my kisa..has there been a delay in shipping?
@alexandra harper-wilkinson, you should have reeived a paypal invoice from "daniel estes designs", please look for it in your email inbox. thanks!
oopw i mean @meghan vercher gresick please check our latest update, it has information about how to find your survey.
@alexandra harper-wilkinson please check our latest update, it has information about how to find your survey.
i don't have the survey anymore and need to change my address!
hi ! how should i pay for the postage? thanks!
sorry i read later post and i find my response !
hi, i just want to know when i'll receive my pyropet ? i live in france and i would like to offer this candle during christmas...possible ?
don't worry if you put your email address in the survey and you live in us. we see your address and how much you've paid and will only charge the ones that have not paid the shipping cost.
oh no, i also didn't see the update before filling out the survey.  i just put n/a where it requested an email address since the shipping address is a us one.
ooops - i just saw the email about just saying "yes" if we don't have to worry about postage... i put in my email since it wouldn't let me leave it blank, but i'm pretty sure you'll figure that out.   ;) and yeah - other animals!!!  i want an elephant and a unicorn, maybe a dinosaur or two... b(^_^)d
are you going to be producing any other animals like dogs or so on? cant wait to get my kisa's
dear everyone, check out our newest update (click on "update" here above)! it contains some relevant information for backers and also a link to a preorder website for those who missed the kickstarter campaign. (unfortnately we can't write in any url's here in the comment section). =^..^= kind regards, thorunn and dan
wow not actually a comment about the kisa, but, that kacy reeves is beauuuuutiful! just sayin....
yeah, i did indeed read that. i already told her she won't be getting it on actual christmas. better late than never! :)
wow! that's an awful lot of kitties soon to go up in smoke!
@kacy ...oh, i thought i should tell you though: the candles are not shipping before christmas. they are shipping in march.
@kacy that's so great to hear! we're glad you like them! =^..^=
@richard just select the evil twin within reward and add $80 for another set (plus appropriate shipping cost if you are based outside us). we will contact everyone after the campaign has ended and ask for more details, and then you can let us know that this is for an extra set. thank you! :)
i can't wait to buy even more of these once i have more money! i got the evil twin option as a "christmas" present for my sister and myself!!! i saw this forever ago on tumblr and i'm so glad i signed up to be emailed when they went up for sale!! i am so so so in love with these candles. i am a huge cat lover and a skeleton lover and even more so a lover of awesome things with a dark twist. i am so thrilled to be getting one of these!!! keep sharing your creative genius with the world!
hi, i picked the $80 reward, for two in glass pets how can i pick a second set of cats in glass??  an are you going to be making other pets like dogs an others ?
@john harrison: thank you! :)
i had a bunch of tabs open including this one for days and forgot all about this until my browser just crashed a bit ago and i went through the tabs as i reloaded them.  thank god my browser crashed because i was 5 minutes away from missing another item i was interested in backing/purchasing.  i would have missed this one too!  i ordered 2 sets of the evil twin. one set for me and hopefully another set will arrive in time to give to my mother for mother's day 2014  :)
@amanda: there is a blue 'manage your pledge' button at the top right (where the backers/pledged/hours to go numbers are). click that and just type in a new amount for how much you want to pledge. @vanee: i believe kickstarter charges your card as soon as the campaign time expires. the whole point is that the person/company doing the project gets the money up front so that they can buy the equipment/materials/etc to fulfill the rewards. the theory is that you are investing in a project not buying something in a shop.
hello! i'm really excited to receive my kisas in the near future!  i would like to know if my card will be charged after the campaign or once the kisas ready to be shipped out. thank so much!
@pyropet i'm also looking to put more support in! how can i do that? i can't click on anything! :(
@lori: just select the evil twin reward and add $52 for another set (plus appropriate shipping cost if you are based outside us). we will contact everyone after the campaign has ended and ask for more details, and then you can let us know that this is for an extra set. thank you!
i pledged for the evil twin, but is actually like to get two more with it as gifts. how do i do that?
congratulations on raising more than double what you set out to achieve. so glad i found you online! cheers to your past and future success!! can't wait for my set! -co
pledged for the evil twin, but ...  i'm not sure i could melt that one either. i guess i'll just have to wait till you canny them on your site and buy it there ; )
@raymond cheung: you can edit the pledge amount by clicking on it, then you just enter the total amount of reward + shipping instead of the number that appears there automatically.
@unkyung bae: yes. just select the evil twin within reward and add $80 (plus appropriate shipping cost if you are based outside us). we will contact everyone after the campaign has ended and ask for more details, and then you can let us know that this is for an extra set. thank you! p.s. are you based in us?
this is the first time i am using kickstarter, and i live in hong kong, i really like your candle.  how do i add shipping to the pledge? thanks
hi, i wanted to get the evil twin within x 2. is there any way that i can double the amount and get two evil twin within. thanks
q: when/how do i specify which colour i want? a: no worries. we will send you an email requesting all these details after the campaign has ended.
where will we be contacted for color choice/shipping information?
@s dhillon. sure! just add 1$ for each extra matchbox! :)
@kristen : we will ask for all those details when we process the orders after the end of the campaign :)
is there a limit to how many matches we can get? is it possible to get a whole box of matchbooks?
i'm new to this.  how do we tell you the color/give you an address? <3
@ s dhillon: sure! just add $1 to your pledge for every extra matchbox, and let us know that this is for extra matchboxes when we ask for your details at the end of the campaign! thanks!  =^..^=
can i add more to my pledge to get more matchboxes? :d
ordered through amazon! awesome idea and totally creative in everyday. please send a grey one my way!
just backed you guys :)
thanks @mikaël le bourhis sorted shipping….. pink one for me too please ;)
hi. been looking forward to these for ages! looking forward to getting one as i'm getting it for a present for someone. shame it won't be in time for christmas but can't have everything! haha may i please have a pink one. :d
@suzanne schum: yes, we checked! :)
can matches be sent in the mail?
victoria: if you check in the faq, under "what kind of wax do you use?" it states that they are not scented. that might be a nice addition later on, though...hint, hint...
i chose the evil twin package! i was wondering if they are scented?
i managed my pledge, authorized the new one and canceled the old one one amazon website
when i add the shipping in the pledge do i tick no reward? cause if i don't it is saying my new pledge but reward has previous pledge amount - confused
so excited for this! totally going to have one of these kitties lit during my wedding this march if they arrive by then lol
@prairie skye farm:  click manage your pledge to ad shipping.  you will reauthorize your pledge and the old one will get canceled.
congrats on your fully funded project in such a short time!! i forgot to add shipping $ to my pledge, but already authorized it ..should i add an additional transaction for $40 and choose 'no reward'? i just want to be as simple as possible. thanks and congratulations again! :d
100% !!! pyropet-kisa funded in less than 4 days!! thank you all so much!!! you are amazing!!! （＞◕ω◕＜）♥♥♥
your funded!!!!
this is my first project to back!  i'm so excited for this!
this is how you add shipping: 1) select the reward you like 2) click "edit" next to the pledge amount  3) replace the pledge amount with: the total amount of reward + shipping thank you so much for all the support!!
i've backed, but couldn't see an option to add shipping. i'll have to top up when you get fully funded i guess.
go thorunn!!!! go!!!
i love that you added another option to get both in glass jars!!!
go guys! love the idea : ) will def buy them once they're out and i have the money! until then... i give as much as i can :d
josh, under faq they list shipping prices to canada. they're the same as the uk. 15 or 23 for the 2 kitty candles!
please note: don't forget to add the appropriate shipping fee to your order! best if you do so at the same time you make your pledge. thank you so much!
hi! ooops! sorry we forgot to mention canada in there! it was supposed to be in the same price category as uk. (we are shipping to canada from us) so: "pet melt" (1 kisa): $15 "the beast within" (1 kisa in a jar): $21 "the evil twin" (1 pink + 1 grey kisa): $23
josh, the project says - "for non-us customers: we will be shipping all orders from the uk". so if they're shipping from the uk to canada, then it will be costly.
til hamingju með magnaðslega fullkominn kickstarter.
finally!  i cant wait to get mine!  such a great idea.
backed, but pretty sad about the shipping.  $64 dollars to ship from the us to canada is a joke.
i did a post on my blog of this candle two years ago! http://jesssm.me/post/5688408869/thorunn-arnadottir-es-una-disenadora-de-islandia can´t wait to finally get one! :d
i've been waiting to see this since i saw it on 9gag... so excited to get it!
so excited! i've been waiting so long for this!! i've already bought 2 and had my om buy 2 for herself. november 22 will be hard to wait for!!!
rising so quickly.  i got on when it was 250$ and now it 3 grand. lol
so excited! already backed & spreading the word to all my friends on facebook! !
finally....i'll spread the word!!!!
