btw i'm in the united states..
hello! i pledged back in march 2016 for a free digital download and never received it?! looks like many others didn't either... damn you starburns industries!!! did yall scam us?
spain here, still without download code!!! what the hell???
what a huge scam was this campaign.
finland here, where is my download link? it has been almost a year since your last e-mail promising them "shortly".
hi, i've been patient but am wondering when nz & australian backers will receive their backer copy. it's been a long time coming! thanks.
hi, do you have any idea if/when anomalisa will be available for digital download (in australia)?
i'm giving up on trying to get my code for this movie.  enjoy the donation, starburns industries.  i hope you don't do anymore kickstarters as you're clearly not able to perform the fulfillment for them.  good luck to anyone who's still trying to get them to deliver.
france. no download code and no answer despite trying to contact them many times.
hi there. pat and i love your film and we have a lot of questions. one in particular is the ice into the bucket scene. pat noticed that you did not do motion blur on that scene. if you had it would've appeared more realistic but clearly you decided not to do  that. do you have any comments about that one particular scene. then i think we all need to go out for  belvedere  martinis because we have a lot more questions. again loved loved loved your film
australia here too, still no digital download either.
australian here, never got my digital download code.
still haven't received my code, still haven't had any communication from the creator.
hi i was checking all my backed projects and found out that i didn't get the link for this one to download the movie... can you send me the movie?
still waiting on my copy of the film, but not holding my breath anymore.
@ paul, i only had the contact through this page and have also emailed josie at paramount. josie was the person originally emailing me in regards to the rewards but after they sent poor attempt of a reward she disappeared. hasn't replied to any email since.
12/21 last update from the campaign was in march. still no download code.
@ damien what email have you been sending too?  i've been unable to get a response from *anyone* at any email i've tried.
australian. i really just want to see the movie that i backed by using the code that i paid for.
pledged $500 and pretty much got a bit fu! was told my custom chuck taylors were sent but after waiting months received nothing. sent another email and was told they were on their way. super excited when they arrived to open the box and discover all it was were a pair of standard chuck taylors with a anomalisa stamp on the side. not custom in any way, nor painted by pendelton ward. now not receiving any response when i email. next time send me a strap-on if you want to screw me.
still waiting for dl code.
i am so beyond frustrated with this campaign. i saw this movie in theaters and it was gorgeous, however, i refuse to pay for another copy when i should have mine already. this is just ridiculous, why hasn't it been released yet when everyone and their brother can buy what i paid 3 years ago?
us, still no download code :/
hello. i still have not yet received my signed storyboard (book) or blu-ray disc for the hard-earned $75 i pledged. i cannot afford to have $75 taken from me with nothing to show for it.
us, no download codes. i've probably sent a dozen emails to the backers email address. i've direct messaged everyone involved on twitter multiple times. i've used the contact form on starburns industries website. compete radio silence. i've backed over 40 kickstarters and have never seen anything like this...
us, still no download codes. you probably should never use crowdox for your digital fulfillment
norway. still no download code here either. been in the stores for ages.
canadian. still no download code.
us backer here; we didn't get the codes either.  i've been trying for months to contact anyone involved in this kickstarter, but no one answers my emails, twitter dms, or kickstarter messages.
australian, still haven't got mine. a friend bought the blu ray retail, i'll just watch that i guess  :\
another australian backer here without a download of the film.  i've tried contacting them in many ways, and got no responses.  this is quite disappointing. if anyone works out how to contact these people to get what we should have received, please post here and let us all know.
australian backer here, and without a download code. blu-ray is already available at jb stores for less than what i pledged. how disappointing.
i've tried contacting through the email address given in the last update. i've tried contacting starburns industries through their website.  i've tweeted messages to duke johnson and starburns industries. still no response, no download code. does anyone else have any advice on who/how to contact?  or should i just chalk this up as a loss?
very disappointed. i've reached out through here and the email address indicated on one of the updates and still have not received nor gotten a response in regards to the bd version of the film i should have received months ago. sad that this experience has marred what is in my opinion a great film with many merits.
when are the download codes coming, the film is and has already been available for some time and it's a bit insulting to those that backed you to still be waiting for codes years later.
has anyone heard *anything* from these guys?  i've sent emails and left comments here, but have gotten no response.  will we ever get our downloads?
jeffrey , yeah i had the same issue with the print . whole top right was dented in. contacted but got no response . bummer since its a nice print. but yeah just letting you know you aren't alone there .
yes, the "storyboard" was disappointing. i kept mine for a few days then threw it away. lesson learned. kickstarts don't seem to be a good deal for backers. it seems this is even more true for the more successful endeavors for some perverse reason.
when will the digital downloads be made available?  the film is available to watch online, but i don't want to pay for it twice.  the last update you made was in march.  is there anyway to get an update on the situation here?
my previous inquiries on march 30th on the digital release in finland were answered on may 14th with an actual date!  "the film will be available digitally in finland on 6/13. your code will be made available to you at that time." well i'm still waiting.  respectful and considerate enough for you?
sad to see that we supported this three years ago and got no rewards still albeit the fact that the digital download of the movie is already out in google play and many other platforms.
i paid $20 for a digital download of the film. i got a digital poster and some featurettes. considering i can buy this film off the shelf and online through amazon, i feel like i should have gotten my download by now.
just got my pen ward prnt, but opened it up and about four inches from the left side is a major crease that runs from top to bottom. it's a sweet print, but majorly damaged. from what i can tell, they included a flattened cardboard box to prevent creases like these but it didn't cover the entire print and of course the package gets damaged in the mail. not sure what i can do now. :(
i am in the in the uk and i got my digital download on the 11th july. i didn't ask for a code there was just a start watching now button and this text  below. ni clicked on it and downloaded it to my media server. "hello backers! here is the digital download of anomalisa for the croatia, greece, hong kong, ireland, kuwait, malta, slovenia, united arab emirates, and the united kingdom territories only. thank you for your patience and your support. enjoy! team anomalisa"
2 months since my last comment and *still* no download codes in the uk. i've just rewatched the original campaign videos and if anyone involved in the production ever bothers to revisit this page, i invite you to do the same. go and watch it, see what us backers all signed up for and and you might just understand why we're all so annoyed. there's no doubt that you've made a wonderful, critically acclaimed movie, and up until the point of distribution, you managed to do it outside the studio system. in this backer/creator relationship though, you've acted like the big uncaring studio yourself and you've treated your backers the way you yourselves didn't want to be treated. i know i'm just another moaning backer and you've probably all moved on to other things now, but i was excited to be a part of this and i'm now just disappointed at what could have been.
has anyone gotten their digital download code? i still haven't and i'm confused if that's to be expected or not. i haven't seen any clear communication about it and none of my direct messages have gotten a response. i'm still looking forward to it, just wish i had a better idea of what was going on....
wow. you guys just continue to botch this. i'm so beyond annoyed with you at this point; i wish i had never supported this kickstarter in the first place. it has definitely lowered my opinion of everyone involved. i pledged for the following:   "a set of anomalisa storyboards from a scene in the film".  the implication here is that these would be original storyboards. there is no mention of a book, a compilation, anything. it specific states from a scene in the film, singular. what i received in the mail was a flimsy, dog-eared, mass-produced softcover book containing pictures of storyboards from the entire movie. talk about a bait-and switch. sorry, there's no way you can tell me this crap was worth the $75 i pledged. utterly disgusted with this whole campaign. at least i can put this nightmare behind me.
received my rewards yesterday here in denmark and have now got the blu-ray, the signed script and signed storyboard book. thank you for those. i understand the frustration of backers - i have been frustrated myself - but i think both backers and creators need to manage their expectations when on kickstarter - sometimes it works like magic, other times it doesn't. you take a chance. anomalisa was a crowdfunded project to begin with but got picked up by a studio which changed the nature of the whole thing. sadly not for the better and the creators seemed to be overwhelmed. kaufman has said he won't do kickstarter again. i understand him. but of course i also understand the backers. the funny thing is that just a little bit more information along the way would have helped a lot.
received my storyboard book today.  gotta say that i'm extremely disappointed, as i was expecting an actual set of storyboards, not to mention that the book arrived in terrible condition.  there's a good 3-4 inch long crease across the upper left corner including the spine.  why this wasn't sent sandwiched between cardboard to protect it is beyond me.
finally received my rewards as well. i could still be pissed that it took so long or that the storyboards are just a printed book but i'll choose not to, mostly because i rewatched the movie yesterday and it was even better the third time. this campaign was a small disaster, i'm sure the filmmakers agree, and the movie didn't do nearly as well as it should have but in the end they got one thing right and that is the movie itself. i am incredibly proud to have helped a little to make it a reality. it's a beautiful piece of art and i hope that you guys will continue making films like this despite all the shit that comes along with it.
if i can't trust dan harmon and charlie kaufman who can i trust!?  actually, to be fair dan spent years using community to warn us that starburns is a piece of crap.  foolish foolish me
it's clear that the reward of "a set of anomalisa storyboards from a scene in the film signed by the director" was not originally intended to be a printed, mass-produced book.  any reasonable person reading that would assume that this meant an actual storyboard made for use in the production of the film. but, at some point, either the creators realized this was not possible (maybe because they didn't cap the # of backers to the number of available storyboards?), but still took the money anyway and waited 4 years to send out a sad mass-produced book. this disappointing, but the reality is with a crowdfunding campaign, you really have no recourse. it is what it is. i'm surprised someone as authentic as charlie kaufman would be behind such a bait and switch, but i'm guessing he probably didn't know the specifics of the campaign or it was just mismanaged from the get-go and at some point the creative team realized they couldn't do anything about it and they'd just have to send out what is a pretty sad reward. just goes to show you, no matter who it is, there's a very good chance you are going to get burned or disappointed with crowdfunding
i just wanted to leave a positive comment amidst a sea of negative ones. i was thrilled when my package of anomalisa rewards got here. the script and storyboards are great. i love the book idea for the storyboards, its really nicely made and beautiful pictures inside. thank you so much everyone! i have been waiting a long time for this, but its worth it in my opinion.
ok...now i'm pissed.  after waiting almost four years for starburns industries to fulfill their pledge to "my pledge," i thought our long relationship of procrastination and entitlement had ended honorably.  it appears i spoke too soon.  as after opening the pendleton ward print, i was met with another anomalisa horror.  you guys just can't get pass the truth, can you?  you never really cared about the backers that gave you the privilege to make your film!  because if you had any sense of honor, i wouldn't have received a rushed, dirty, poorly packed, crinkled ward print.  sure it's signed and numbered, but as a work of collectable art, it's ruined.  it was packed with no plastic to protect the piece, so there are large smudges of dirt on the white paper.  perhaps i can pay to have it cleaned, but again then i'm paying for your ineptitude!  most damaging is the crease across 1/4 of the piece, which is not fixable.  maybe the work can now be "restored," but i'm thinking a dart board is a better use of the physical representation of your farce.  the monkeys you hired to handle this job obviously had no oversite, or any experience packing art, because i've received mcdonald's dollar menu burgers packed with better care. it's f-ing embarrassing how far your heads are stuffed up your own arses.  it's shameful to ward's work.  i'm sure this is not how he would want his creations sold!  maybe i'll ship the piece pack to you with a dead rat for a prize.  truly ridiculous.  you plan on making this right?
pendleton ward's print arrived yesterday.  thank you starburns for renewing my faith in humanity.  when do i get to help you fund your next project?
the film itself is amazing, though i had to watch it illegally online a long time ago to get even a sneak of what i'd paid for. why it has taken this long to get rewards is beyond me. for me it's a signed booklet of storyboards and a signed script. they said if you up by $25 we'll send you a tshirt, i went to the next tier reward. they said this didn't count, you had to add just $25 , but they offered to send one anyway....which they didn't. so here i am $175 worse off...with a bluray and two books. it's great that the film got made but its been too long a time to even be excited about it anymore.
i didn't receive anything but the film for my $75. time for a class-action suit? seriously, this is just wrong. i supported this project with more money than i could really afford at the time and the bait for the extra support was the storyboard.
i’m in the uk and have just received my rewards, sort of. i to read “a set of anomalisa storyboards from a scene in the film” as meaning “a set of anomalisa storyboards from a scene in the film” and not a printed pamphlet of storyboards, it is signed by the director. still very happy, script is great, t-shirt is awesome and i got to see the film at a special showing with q&a. the film is more awesome than i could have imagined.
ouch, total bait and switch!  like everyone else here i was expecting an actual storyboard from the film...especially since that reward level said, "a set of anomalisa storyboards from a scene in the film"...and not "a collected book of storyboards".  ...and to top it off, mine came with a big old crease in it due to cheap packaging.  :(  :(  :( don't get me wrong, i loved the movie.  but i probably wouldn't have given $75 if this is what i thought i was going to get.
i was also sad to see i didn't have an actual storyboard, but my script is super neat and my shirt is super soft. but i still haven't seen it, so i only read some of the script.
@michelle your not the only one about the storyboard.  i too was thinking something physical from an actual film set.  i was hoping to hang it up on the wall @jim kelly my script was signed by charlie kaufman.  although, its those celebrity signatures where its kind of hard to see, but its there.  i can't be too picky.  i thought the rewards will never arrive.  i can't complain.
@jim kelly, wasn't your script signed by charlie kaufman?
i received the book and printed script copy today. i'll admit i was expecting an actual storyboard from the film and a an script actually signed by the director. while i'm glad the film was made and didn't mind waiting, i was hoping for more.
4 years (almost to the day) and rewards have arrived in australia. o frabjous day! i admit that i was expecting the storyboard to be "physical" and something i could hang on a wall, not a produced book.... but that might just be my idiocy.
i received the script, storyboards, and t-shirt today.  so ends my first (and longest running) kickstarter. :)
my remaining rewards arrived today in nc. i got an extra hoodie! i don't know why, but hey, i'll take it. it's a nice hoodie, though sadly not a time traveling hoodie. ;)
@rene romero , thanks; that's good to know.  i'll keep an eye out for it.
happy day has arrived anomalisa backers!!! as ed carapezza mention earlier, i too also received my rewards.  a signed script and storyboard book.  start checking your homes or drop locations for your reward packages. @alkettory, miscreant of valoria physical rewards other than blu-ray are on your way.  we can all  breathe a sigh of relief. everybody take care. it was nice hearing from all you guys.  four years was a long time. bye
i sent a message to starburns industries vie a form on their website two weeks ago, and emailed anomalisabackers@paramount.com a week ago.  i did not get a reply from either. . @ed carapezza, did you receive physical rewards other than the blu  ray?
full disclosure.  full circle.  thank you starburns industries, as today my awards arrived.  another win for the true believers.  now i'm ready to help fund your next project!
yeah ed carapezza i feel scammed too.  the only physical item i received from this campaign was a blu-ray copy of the film.  i'm starting to wonder those guys are never going to fulfill their end of the deal.  its sad because we all spent good hard earned money on this film.  we all wanted to see the film get made, but at the same time they must comply with the rules that were setup for the support.  i'm beginning to wonder the only way we are going to get our rewards is to file a suit or send some legal papers to them. well, i hope everyone is doing okay.  let's keep at it.  maybe we will get our rewards one day.
any other backers out there feel like pummeling the creators of this flick with a johnny knoxville inspired punching machine?  what a bunch a liars!  i know i'm supposed to be respectful and considerate, per kickstarter ethics, but years later and all the creators can muster for the original investors is a dvd!  i thought the purpose of crowd funding platforms was to encourage transparency and foster a new model for funding the underprivileged?  personally, i feel scammed.  you?
(i'm in the czech republic, for clarification. not sure if that relates to the lack of digital or not, but it might?
just received my bluray, but apparently as they couldn't provide a digital copy, i got a free dvd as well. not particularly useful (not like i'll play it instead of the hd one) but i appreciate the sentiment, i guess...
the blu-ray just arrived for me today (belgium). none of the other physical perks yet, but i'm sure they'll turn up someday :)
i haven't received my digital code... :( any news in europe?¿? what the hell?  it's been in cinemas here already.
i've received a digital code but none of the physical elements. i can now walk into a shop and buy for 15 pounds the blu ray i was promised 4 years ago. i understood and was sympathetic to the contract with a distributor but we are now at the back of a queue which never moves.  you took a significant amount of money from a small group of people who it is obvious you feel you've got over a barrel. all i get is an occasional update via email and comments on here. this is an absolute disgrace and i will be using other avenues to express my unhappiness with starburn industries who have treated us like something from the sole of their shoes.
i emailed anomalisabackers@paramount.com a week ago and have received to response whatsoever. shameful...
still no digital code here in the middle east. apparently just outside of the internet's reach...
nothing at all here. no blu ray, script or even a message. this is getting somewhat ridiculous...
update #62, dated feb 22 2016 states: . "all rewards have now gone into production, and many of them are already in packaging phase, or being signed by charlie and duke. we are on track to have all rewards ready to ship no later than the end of march. we'll send out notifications for each reward tier when your items are on the way!" . i've received the blu-ray, but no other physical rewards (from the $150 "signed anomalisa script" reward tier).  it is now july. . i'm also concerned by the march 23rd comment by @creator stating: .  "hi everyone! we're moving all our correspondence off of this page, and into email! if you have comments or questions about the film, rewards, shipping, or anything else, please write to us at the following address — we want to hear from you! anomalisabackers@paramount.com." . it would make more sense for the creators to distribute information via kickstarter updates, rather than having 5,770 backers sending e-mails to anomalisabackers@paramount.com, all asking, "hey, where's my stuff?"
how in god's name is the movie currently available to purchase on amazon instant yet i haven't gotten a digital code? you should all be ashamed of yourselves. this is borderline theft at this point.
since sending download codes is so extremely difficult, how about you just send me the blu-ray. at this rate i'll probably see the movie on netflix anyway be i receive the digital download.
i am so disappointed and angry in how the backers have been shut out from this project from day one. i wish i could say that i was surprised that the simplest of the rewards - the digital download codes - has yet to materialize. but i'm not. the fact that they are not responding to backers questions, also not surprising. the backers of this project have been more than patient but have been made to feel, time and again, like our expectations for our involvement in the project were over the top. i'm sure it's a lovely movie, since so many non-backers have verified that it is. i wouldn't know. i almost don't care to know at this point. the treatment of the backers for this project has left me with an incredibly sour taste in my mouth. i will not be promoting this film. there are other film companies out there, like zombie orpheus/dead gentlemen productions, who actually keep their backers in the loop and involved and treat them with respect. but i guess this is what happens when you let the big film companies like paramount get involved.
i too was curious about the character designs and storyboards that were part of my contribution level -- were those separate, physical items or part of the extras on the dvd? i did receive the download code and a blu-ray/dvd copy of the film -- which is amazing by-the-way!
still waiting here and incredibly disappointed with how this kickstarter has been run. we were told that the movie couldn't be made without us, we sat and watched the months go by with no updates, no involvement in the process, then we were told that the movie had become more than it was originally going to be, partly thanks to us. i understood that and i understood why it took longer to make, why once paramount were onboard, we couldn't receive our copies before it had been released in the cinema. now here we are, with the movie available on bluray, available to rent online, yet for some of us, there's still no sign of any download link . i've heard other kickstarter filmmakers say that they wouldn't do it again this way because of the demands of the backers and i'm sure many of the people involved in anomalisa would say the same, but the others i have seen have at least attempted to keep the backers informed and happy. to say that the people involved in this one were unprepared for what's involved in funding your project through kickstarter and having so many supporters/backers is an understatement. i'm still looking forward to seeing the movie, for the same reasons i backed it in the first place, but i have no plans to back any big name film projects again.
any word on when those waiting for a digital version of the film will receive their code or link?
finally received my blu. i was kinda hoping there would be a way to differentiate it from the non-backer version ie a different slip cover or cover art. oh well as long as the movies good.
got my blu-ray. zero regrets backing this great flick.
my blu-ray was just delivered via fedex today. still waiting on all the other stuff i was supposed to get like story boards and such.
so should i go rent the movie while i wait for my blu-ray?
very strange, but right after commenting here i was walking out my door and fed-ex delivered my package!
well, have not received my dvd copy either!
have not even received a download code yet as of today it is available to purchase!
i have not yet received my blu-ray and i live in the united states. is a tracking # available?
.... also: it feels kinda strange that in the "extras section" of the disc nobody mentions this kickstarter campaign. yes, all the backers are mentioned in the end titles, and yet.... since without them (us!) it would not have been possible, right?
received my bluray this week, no fees or taxes to be paid (shipped from poland to germany). all the digital rewards didn't work, though. :-/
@noemi that sucks :o i got mine yesterday and it was delivered as a normal package without any customs fee
i received the bluray today (no signed storyboards yet). sadly i had to pay an additional $27 for customs because it shipped from poland through germany until i got it here in switzerland:((
hello to all backers of anomalisa!!! have any of you received any rewards from starburns industries beside the download code. i backed the campaign to get a signed screenplay from charlie kaufman and the other goodies and so far i received nothing.  i understand it takes a while to get everything together but this is bumming me out.  i solely pledged to this campaign because i'm a big fan of charlie. i hope all of you are doing well and eventually may our rewards be fulfilled. take care. rene
the us release date  for the dvd is 2016-06-07.  i don't expect we'll see any rewards shipped before then. . http://www.amazon.com/anomalisa-blu-ray/dp/b018idvbfs/ref=sr_1_2…
"please remember to be respectful and considerate". all i can see is hundreds of respectful and considerate questions related to the rewards that were promised when each of us parted with our hard earned cash to back a project we were passionate about. i have followed every direction asked of me; i have emailed directly, and yet nothing. i have no dvd, t-shirt or storyboard. i really do feel as if the creators of this project are lacking the respect and consideration for me, a backer. i paid to see the film in a cinema (happily) but i would sincerely like to know why we have all been left high and dry after our money was pledged.
"we are on track to have all rewards ready to ship no later than the end of march." i emailed the paramount email address a week ago to ask where the rewards are, but no reply. also, my survey didn't list everything that the reward level i pledged at was supposed to include. anyone know what's going on?
thanks a lot starburns industries and paramount! not!
haven't received any code at all for my digital fledge. what is going on in here? we have to complain to receive anything?
when will the bluray, signed scripts and signed storyboards be shipping?  i received my digital fulfillment on march 14th, but have not received the real items.
digital release dates for europe? already asked from the provided email address but am still waiting for a response after i told i live outside the u.s :(
when do you anticipate the storyboards to ship?
hi everyone! we're moving all our correspondence off of this page, and into email! if you have comments or questions about the film, rewards, shipping, or anything else, please write to us at the following address — we want to hear from you! anomalisabackers@paramount.com.
@jason deakins wine-fueled rants are the best kind of rants, so don't be embarrassed. and thank you for your understanding — very happy to hear you were able to rescue the download code from your junk mail, and very happy that despite its imperfect and belated delivery, your copy of our film is finally in your hands! we can only hope you enjoy it. @matt stultz we're so sorry that your download code hasn't arrived to you. we have your coordinates: we'll make sure the team at paramount gets one to your inbox immediately. we hear you and we understand that this is super frustrating — thank you for your patience!!
@christopher jones we haven't learned exact dates of availability for the blu-rays yet, but we'll learn those shortly! stay tuned.
hello. any word on when the blu-ray will ship to backers that selected that reward option?
not in my spam, not in my inbox. i asked for an itunes code. after almost 3 years of waiting, paying an extra $5 over what it is currently selling for, and being treated like your backers don't matter, i don't feel like i should need to hassle with customer support. is it too late for a refund?
some questions: 1. is switzerland considered a ‘territory where the film is for sale’? 2. if no, when will it be? 3. what if a person lives in a place where, for whichever reason, the film will never be on sale? i mean, i can go to the pirate bay right now and get it there – no accounts to create, no strings attached, download and watch on whichever device using whichever software. and from what i read in comments, that is what i will have to do. and it makes me sad, i thought the whole point of this project was to make things in a civilised manner, pay the money –> get the movie. yet still, it is easier to download the movie in an ‘unofficial’ way, and, as multiple backers have mentioned it already, that’s not really what we signed up for.
sure enough, i discovered my download code in my junk folder, rendering my wine-fueled rant a bit embarrassing in retrospect. while i certainly would have preferred to download the movie on my choice of streaming services, i understand why that wasn't feasible. in short, pretty much all of the ways in which i felt slighted are addressed by living in a world where you delivered the movie to your backers on the same day that streaming services made it available to non-backers, and for that, only my junk-mail filter is at fault.
hey @everyone – for those of you who didn't receive your download code on release day or had trouble with it, our friends at anomalisabackers@paramount.com want to hear from you so they can make sure you get your copy of the movie and get to enjoy it on the device of your choice! drop them a line if you have any tech issues. anomalisabackers@paramount.com
@lee dempsey - you're our hero. thanks for helping explain the codes! @jack moulton - so glad to hear you liked the making of featurette!!! thanks for your comment.
@jason deakins - sorry to hear this, yes, all codes were sent out on the date of digital release!! if you're in a territory where the film is for sale, you should definitely have your copy of the film already — have you checked your spam folder? if it's not there, dm us and we'll get this sorted out stat!
should i have received a download code yet? because i haven't. it is very frustrating to open the movie app on my xbox and see this available for purchase.  i was part of the small group of people who were super excited to help make this movie happen and i still haven't had the chance to watch it yet.  if i had just ignored your campaign i could have purchased it from the amazon digital movie store for less than i paid to back it and would have had the opportunity to have seen it by now and would have been able to purchase it on the digital movie store of my choice.  at this point, it would be better for me for you to refund me my money.  i could buy the movie where i want and have $5 left over to back a project that would hopefully treat its backers better.
it's a complete joke that you have to either make a paramount account or already use some other subpar service like the apple store in order to "download" this movie. if anyone else is skeptical about signing up for yet another website or downloading yet another pointless program, i highly recommend pirating instead.  works much better.
never got my download code.
i opened a paramount account for the hd download... but the code provided me was "invalid."  ideas?  suggestions?
@jack moulton, . i watched it yesterday, and i have to agree with everything you said.  so much work went into anomalisa behind the scenes, but you don't realize that while you're watching the movie itself.  you just see the brilliant, distilled result of all of that effort. . however, it would have certainly been nice to have seen at least some small part of this process while it was actually taking place.  as a backer, i feel a bit let down in that respect. . that said, i highly recommend that everyone watch the making-of featurette if you haven't done so already.
did anyone else watch the half hour making-of featurette? it was brilliant, insightful and moving. one of the things i love about the film is the grand significance of this seemingly insignificant frame of time and the mini-doc accentuates that. would've loved to see this along the way but i don't mind getting it in one big concentrated burst because i'll most likely revisit this. hell, i wouldn't mind an hour long version of this either (fyc best doc of 2016). have to respect the effort of the production too - those last 5 minutes show how our impatience and sense of being in the dark were the least of our problems. much respect to rosa - you did it!
@lee dempsey yes but, my reward for backing this was "a digital download." not "the ability to play it on a program or service i don't use and have no desire to install." i should be able to download the file and play it on whatever program or service i normally use.
i would rather wait and buy the blu-ray once it is on sale than have anything to do with uv and the related installations. also it is funny that google results for paramountmovies.com say that the site may have been hacked.
wow, i expected better from the audience for this movie. it's not compicated at all. i'll say it again, you don't need to use paramount video services. it's an ultraviolet code that works on multiple platforms giving you multiple choices of services to view it with. in the us you had the choice of using that or the apple store. either one will alow you to watch it on a television, computer or mobile device. it took me less than five mintues to have the movie instantly available on six video devices i have. maybe people should spend less time complaining about why they can't watch it and more time learning how to watch it. that way you'll know what to do in the future. https://www.myuv.com/
well, came on here to see if there's a way to play the movie without using the paramount program. and that's after being forced to install both it and ms silverlight. looks like there's no way...*sigh* yeah, for the record, i'm disappointed. i sorta wanted to watch the movie, not be made to install a bunch of junk programs and still not have it.
"downloads" are a joke and not an actual (usable) copy in any sense. fortunately can just torrent rather than spending (potentially) hours to have something work badly or not at all with my linux distro. the way this went i'm not really surprised. happy the movie got made, not sure why it had to go the old-school and antiquated studio direction. could you not just get it funded by netflix or amazon if you needed more funding instead of dragging us into studio hell?
you don't need to download any paramount software to play the movie using the paramount login. it's an ultraviolet code so can be viewed using other sites and apps. create a paramount account and then link it to your uv account. it works fine on vudu and that service is used on many multimedia devices to watch it on your television. you can also download it in hd to watch with ios, android and macs offline.
finally get download sent today, and its through paramounts proprietary site. have to create a login i'll never use again, only to find i can only stream it. to download involves installing paramount software, and once biting that bullet, i find that i can only download sd and not hd because apparently my macbook pro is compatible for hd?? what a nightmare, i guess torrenting is the easy way to go.
this is from a while ago, but andrew nichols hits the nail on the head; we were used.
hello starburns industries, inc. i just now submitted the crowdox survey but my shipping address never changed from the last survey kickstarter made me fill out three years ago for this reward. i just want some reassurance that everything is okay. also when will the physical rewards be shipped? thank you
apologies, didn't read the email. still forthcoming.
just received an email with digital fulfillment stuff, but, no full copy of the movie, which was the reward level we picked. is this still forthcoming?
@svp got you, thanks!
hey i got an email from you guys but i couldn't open it. i think you wanted updated info. im svp or  sexyvonpoopy or kevin all info is the same i get a blu ray copy
thanks!
@sergio bayarri gausi this is great feedback — thank you. we're making a note of your preference for a blu-ray! we're working on getting you a definitive answer on this asap. and indeed — that blu-ray you see on amazon is the same thing paramount will distribute to blu-ray recipient backers. thanks again, sergio, and please dm us with any other questions! @thirith same as above, and a huge thank you so much for your patience! so, so appreciated. we're making a note about your preference and doing everything we can to get you answers asap about film formats!
@tony sorry to hear this — you have a direct message from us!
i'm with sergio. i'm not unhappy with my pledge (well, i am a bit for not going up to $100, but that's my own petty problem ;- ) ), because i pledged primarily to support the film, but i would be somewhat miffed getting a dvd when i want a blu-ray, and i've got a player that accepts all region codes. if that doesn't work out, mind you, i'll blame paramount, not the people who made this great film.
"paramount will do its best to provide you with your preferred format (blu-ray or dvd) for anomalisa. however, if you request a blu-ray and that format is not released in your territory, paramount will provide you with a dvd. in these instances, paramount regrets any inconvenience." dang! i specifically paid for a blu-ray ($60) and i specifically request a blu-ray. if that format is not released in my territory (i live in spain), i'd rather receive the us edition of the blu-ray, the regional locking is not a problem for me. i specifically don't want a dvd. you should have added an option to the survey so people had that option. i know of region codes (i'm in b, usa is in a) but i don't think it should be a problem for paramount to send a different region blu-ray disc to those who choose it. why would they have a problem with that when i can buy the us blu-ray from amazon.com? now i think that this would have been the best option, i should have pledged $25 and then waited to buy the blu-ray in whatever region i'd like when on a sale. i feel i would have saved money, while receiving exactly what i expected. by the way, anomalisa is already available on amazon.com for preorder, as a blu-ray+dvd+digital hd combo edition, i hope we won't receive anything different from that (a "special", trimmed edition different from the one on sale). i think we deserve that since we were the ones who supported this project from the start and we've patiently waited four years to receive our rewards.
does anyone read the message to this project? just wrote in but realized no one responded to my last two messages from three years ago.
@joão carlos bastos sorry for the frustration! we very very much want to get you the copy of the film you pledged for as soon as we possibly can. we're working with our international distributors to get answers for you as quickly as possible. thanks for your patience — stay tuned.
kudos to the anomalisa team for such fast responses to problems, many thanks for your hard work in the difficult rewards phase!
@everyone if you're having issues with your tshirt reward in the survey, don't worry, just dm us and we'll resolve! hi @will, worry not — that's just an error. dm us and we'll correct that for you asap. once it processes, you'll need to go back into the survey to pick a size! sorry for the trouble!
hey, i'm happy you guys were able to fulfill your vision, i enthusiastically backed you and even upped my pledge when you said you needed help. now i've just filled out my survey and the t-shirt i pledged $25 extra for was listed as unavailable/sold out. there was no way for me to remedy this in the checkout process, nor were alternate rewards available. i'll live, but it sucks to have anticipated something extra for so long and then receive nothing.
hey everyone — thanks to all of you who've filled out your surveys! if you have specific questions about your survey or rewards, send us a direct message — we'll investigate and message you back shortly!
@andrew nichols we're sorry for any misunderstanding! our original message, which we hope we conveyed clearly, was that we wanted to make the film we dreamed of, as unconventional and not studio friendly as it was — so, we turned to kickstarter to form a likeminded community who were willing to take a risk with us. we are so grateful and amazed that we did find that community, and because of all of you, we were able to start making this film, which ultimately we succeeded in financing and producing completely independently, outside the studio system, from start to finish. distributing the finished product with an entity like paramount, however, is still the best way for an indie film like ours to have a chance of ever being seen — much less having a multi-city theatrical run, or being distributed all around the world. it's with your support we were able to do that and we are enormously grateful. we worked to provide options to our backers so they could choose the download platform of their choice — unfortunately, it doesn't exist digitally in any other distributable form (barring, of course, low-res versions from piracy sites). we look forward to getting your copy to you soon, we realize, very very very belatedly (and we're sorry about that!). thanks for bearing with us.
@jaene sorry for any confusion — we will be sending you a copy of the film on the date of its release, just as we promised in our original kickstarter rewards description. if you need further clarification, please direct message us, happy to answer any questions!
hi team, i filled in the backer survey yesterday and was a bit confused by the note about blu-ray/dvd formats and countries of delivery. while i live in switzerland (region b), i have a blu-ray player that can play american br (region a), so i'd very much hope that i can get the format i've requested. is this possible?
hi anomalisa-team, most probably that's the last time i will fund such a project based on my experience with you. i am outside us and i just expect the digital download like you promised. if you choose to market your film via paramount, that is your decision and i am fine with it. but i sincerely believe that you must oblige to your promise made on kickstarter. please don't hide behind paramount but make sure *now* that you deliver what you promised. i believe crowdfunding could be a very interesting approach for other indie productions, but unfortunately this is not a good example on how to do it if you in the end do not reward the people that made your project possible.
look, i know you guys got tied up by paramount coming into the picture (pun intended) but this is bad. we are your fans, we wanted to see this project get made regardless of final vision, we wanted to see the vision realized where a big studio would not have let it happen. but to be honest i just feel used. the kickstarter supporters feel less of fans of creativity and more of guinea pigs. we were the ones with passion that wanted to support the film for its ideas. paramount came into the picture and changes the terms which kickstarter supporters originally backed the project. seriously... my movie download is either with ultraviolet or itunes. i have the choice of being locked into apple's ecosystem (to be fair it's popular and widely used, so this isn't bad if there are other choices) or stuck in hollywood's system. wait... this film was supposed to fly in the face of hollywood. art for art's sake and the patrons who made it happen. now this is just another box office indie film. select theaters got to see it before many of the backers did (or could since few theatres showed it) and now my only option for a download (i don't have apple devices) is through paramount's own ultraviolet service. that's not a digital download, that's a license. maybe you guys will see this picture grow and succeed and i'm really happy for you, but you did so at the cost of your fans. paramount might have saved the full vision/realization due to budget concerns but you really just made a deal with the devil. i regret backing the project, not because i'm whining about the reward choices, but because i feel misled by your message. i'm not even sure i want to fill out my survey for rewards, it just feels like accepting the situation we got left with.
i'm happy that my comments were ignored by the people from starburns industries, while everyone else's questions were answered. i really would like to know why i pledged for a blu-ray, and now i'm told if paramount doesn't release it in my territory i'm out of luck, and i'll get a dvd, no matter what my choice was, and what i pledged for. and why the fulfilment of the digital copy is safe for us backers, but for me i'll have to wait until paramount can negotiate the rights to my territory (if they ever do). is it that hard to arrange things so that your backers get what they pledged for, instead of having some backers getting everything, and others not?
just filled out my backer survey, but there was no mention of a crew t-shirt. crew t-shirts were promised in september 2012 for anybody who increased their pledge by at least $25. i upgraded from $20 to $50, so i should be receiving a crew t-shirt.
@marco we messaged you directly! @gabe @david we're looking into these and we'll dm you.
hi @neil - worry not, we haven't forgotten! if you're referring to the digital 'making of' videos, those will be on the way and we'll send out an update when we have a delivery date fixed. thanks for your patience!
i hope the rewards fulfilment team don't forget the rewards that we were promised towards the end of the campaign if we upped our pledges. i didn't see any mention of them in my survey.
hello, i received the survey but in the items list there's no trace of the tshirt  (please look your kickstarter messages to me on sep 4 2013). i also never received anything regarding digital reward concept art & character designs. can you help me? thanks!
i pledged $275, and i received my survey, but there's no mention of the signed script (inherited from the $150 level reward). also, the "extras" section showed my crew shirt, but said that there were 0 available. the shirt does show up on the confirmation screen, but the script doesn't.
i've just received  and checked my survey; all was correct and it was seamless. thank you! i look forward to the dinghy arriving on australian shores. thanks so much, michelle
i just received my survey, and i have to ask: what the hell is this crap? i backed this project, in good faith, at a tier that included a blu-ray, a digital reward, among other rewards. and now, according to the survey, since i'm not located in the us, i may not be getting what i paid for: -if paramount doesn't release a blu-ray on my territory, i'll get a dvd, no matter what my choice was, what i paid for, and the tier i backed; -as for the digital copy, while us backers will get a choice of what platform will they get the film in, again as non-us backer i'm told i'll have to wait until paramount negotiates something for my territory (and prey they do negotiate something, otherwise i'm out of luck). i understood when the film was picked up by a major studio that it changed some of your earlier plans, in terms of rewards, but this is ridiculous. to say i'm disappointed with the news this survey brought is a severe understatement.
i just got the survey. i backed at the $250 level, but my list of items doesn't include a signed script. is that a mistake, or am i reading the initial campaign incorrectly? thanks!
@marco we got your direct message so we've responded there as well but there's a survey coming out shortly to all backers to make absolutely finally sure once and for all that we've got all the most up-to-date shipping info for everyone before we start mailing out physical rewards.
hello guys, how i can be sure about my shipping address that you have? where can i edit it? thanks
@jonathan tay and @marco physical rewards gone into production, and those that needed signatures are already in the process of being signed by charlie and duke. they'll be shipped as soon as the orders are ready. thanks for your patience, and marco, glad to hear you're going to see it — keep an eye out for your name in the credits! @sergio jimenez we collected size and address info via the survey you're referring to, and are now in production on the shoes! we are truly sorry for the delay — running a merchandise distribution operation while releasing a film has proved quite the adventure, but we're happy to report that they'll be shipping shortly! we can't wait for you to own a pair.
@stephen angell we wish enormously that we could have given you the film sooner. it was always our intention to finance it independently so we could, with your support, make exactly the film we wanted to make, and we wanted to distribute it with a studio so it would have the greatest chances of getting out into the world, and being seen by the most people possible. if we'd known how difficult balancing these two worlds would be, we'd have approached it all differently from the beginning. we're sorry for the delay but we can't wait to get it into your hands. we're honored to hear you're proud to have helped make it happen — thanks for bearing with us.
hi guys can i have an info? i backed 150$ option. when i will receive the items? is there my name in the credits? i will see it next weekend in italy. thanks
last reward update i got for the shoes that were going to be sent in december. it's february, any word? not sure why those pieces that aren't the actual movie are taking so many years to send out.
hello, just checking in again to make sure i haven't missed out on rewards being sent out yet? cheers,  jonathan
i saw this film recently - and it was a real bitter-sweet moment. sweet, because it was such a great movie and i loved it so much. bitter because i watched it at a friends house on, you guessed it, one of "those" sites. i'm very proud to have supported this film and yet disappointed in how you've been hamstrung by the studio system in their reluctance to let you release this film to us properly. their concern that we might leak the film online is now bitter irony.
@eric nikolaisen after two days to mull it over, what do you think? dm us if you want to muse over any particular moments or ask any questions. @matt powell matt, we hear you. we realize (and we agree!) that having to wait so long to see the film you helped make possible has been a frustrating experience. we truly wish we could have delivered your download to you sooner than we originally promised! in the below update, we tried to address the complexities we encountered when bringing an independently made and, in part, crowdfunded film into the world of traditional distribution. but, we never imagined how immensely complex this would be, and how many conflicting issues we'd need to try to balance in doing the best we possibly can to get 'anomalisa' out to the world. we're so grateful for your support and patience, and we really want that to be clear. truly sorry it's taken so long to get the film to you, thank you for bearing with us on this journey – if we'd known how tricky it would be to navigate traditional distribution and crowdfunding together, we would have approached everything differently from the beginning. have a look at this update if you haven't yet seen it, please feel free to send us a message with any feedback. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/anomalisa/charlie-kaufmans-anomalisa/posts/1437700
man i just re-watched the kickstarter video for this and all the talk of wanting to accomplish this outside of "the typical big studio process" really stings now.
so i think it's time for the starburns team to step it up for backers. we backed a project that is going to be nearly 3 years late. this is partially because we showed so much enthusiasm that the team was able to turn a short film into a real movie, a decision made by the creator after they had our money. the creator then decided to go back to the standard hollywood model for the release of this film, cutting us out of any early release. now the movie has been distributed to film festivals, limited theater distribution, and since it's been nominated for an oscar, anyone with a sag card probably has a dvd also. the creator is stating that we are going to have multiple options for download including itunes, ultraviolet, and others. most itunes first releases are $19.99 and quickly drop to $14.99. so instead of having your backers pay that extra penny for the honor of waiting 3 years and being the last to see the film, i think it would be great if starburns upped our rewards. send digital backers a physical copy along with their download link. send backers who chose the physical reward a signed copy. this in no way interferes with their distribution deal, it just levels out the risk to reward levels a bit more.
i was able to see the film this weekend at the salt lake film society (http://saltlakefilmsociety.org/). it's very strange, still not sure what to make of it.
feeling really shitty about the way this campaign has treated me. blah.
thanks for the response, @anomalsa! i am reassured. :)
@doctornick checked on this, good news and bad news: unfortunately only backers at a certain reward tier have their names in the credits; fortunately we did not leave you off by sheer accident. be comforted though in that you are certainly listed in the credits of our minds.
@justin gibson yes. it will come. we promise. check out the updates for etas on rewards. but yes. it will come, no need for heartbreak here. . @peter ashman great question — we'll look into this and direct message you. . @doctornick ! ! ! looking into this and sending you a direct message.  . @alketttory that is perfect. . @marco landi thank you. . @mark sereda visit the 'campaign' section, click on the reward tier at which you backed, and you should see links to make your way to your backer survey, wherein you can edit your contact details. or, direct message us!
as backers do we get any sort of priority booking to the event at the curzon soho on the 3rd march? priority booking is open for curzon members does that mean we have to join to secure a ticket? http://www.curzoncinemas.com/soho/film-info/anomalisa
my name's not in the credits ;-; do you hate me ;_______;
i backed this because i love kaufman and stamatopoulos and my love is not diminished by a signed script not arriving in the mail in 2013. but if it never comes? that would break my heart. at least a bit. please tell me it will come?
@rosa tran i would be honoured when i'll receive my blue ray copy if on it there was your signature. basically now i'm part of your team, right? ;)
i saw this in a theater in cincinnati last night.  that was a bit of a surreal experience.   we see michael stone fly into cvc airport, and we hear that the local time is 7:43pm.  since the movie started at 7:30pm, at that moment it really was nearly 7:43pm.   there we were, sitting in cincinnati, watching michael stone drive through cincinnati in what seemed like real time... :) oh, and the movie is spectacular.
as i have just moved recently, how can i update the address i've provided for sending out rewards? oh, and congrats on being nominated for an academy award!
anomalisa will be playing in italian theaters since the next february 25. can' t wait to watch it!
you all are genious. congratulations on the academy awards nominations. i'm so thrilled for you all!
for those in the cincinnati area, anomalisa is playing at the esquire on thu 1/21 at 7:30pm. https://ticketing.us.veezi.com/purchase/17161…
@joe maubach both great questions — thanks for commenting. as for smaller markets, paramount is gaging the film's box office performance in each city it reaches; the better it does in larger markets, the more likely it is that it will make it to smaller ones. if you have a local cinema, you can always express your interest to the programmer! as for digital copies, it's looking *very likely* that we'll be able to offer you several platforms to choose from for your download — itunes, ultraviolet, and others (all with drm). keep an eye out for a survey to that effect shortly!
@jack @drmaestro @syberdoor @marco thank you, we're extremely honored — and congrats to you each as well — we wouldn't be here without you.
congratulations on the oscar nomination!
congratulations on the academy award nomination! this is a great honor for me to be a (very very) small part of this feat.
congratulations on the academy award nomination for best animated feature film of the year!!
academy awards? a dream!
two quick things, as you guys continue on: -any way to help get the film to smaller markets? i'm excited the film is screening on the coasts, but out here in the middle of corn and soy we don't get a ton of smaller release films without traveling a few hours (and even then it's no guarantee). is there anything we backers can do to help get the film into our areas? -the digital copy backers are getting - in the past few years the concept of a "digital copy" has changed. what was once an .mp4 video file with some half-assed drm is now replaced with itunes locker or ultraviolet (i've been surprised at how well uv has been working in digitizing my movie collection legally). will we be getting our digital copy in this more contemporary form?
@teng chi lim so glad to hear you saw the film on the big screen, and that you enjoyed it. it's very true that when major-studio distribution crashes up against the expectations of crowdfunding, there are far more restrictions and caveats than we ever anticipated. thanks for being understanding as we navigate through those in what has been — agreed, in so many ways — a huge learning experience. we've said this plenty but we'll say again, we *really* wish we could have gotten the film to you sooner, and if we'd known the timeline would play out this way for our backers, we would've planned everything differently from the start. but, here we are, the film we wanted to make was made (with your help), and soon your download will be delivered (no doubt there) — thanks immensely for your patience and we hope you look forward to watching it a second time at home. thanks again for your kind words about the film.
i watched it last friday in a sold out theater in san francisco. loved the movie, disappointed with the kickstarter and probably won't be backing another film kickstarter again. it appears the requirements of even limited distribution and film festival circuits makes it such that base level kickstarter rewards (which is what i personally use kickstarter for) unlikely to appeal to me. i understand that there are several factors in play beyond catering to the kickstarter backers, and i think this is a learning lesson for both of us. on the bright side, at least the product should eventually get delivered (one might hope), and what a wonderful product it is.
@yong-soo @jack - so pleased you were able to see this in a theater! and jack, it's true, so much is lost on small screens. we wish we could've sent you your reward copies of the film sooner but we're glad you got to see the film you helped get made. thanks for your continued support (cc @andrew gregory!). we feel so lucky to have you guys.
@peter verrey @peter we understand how frustrated you are… and believe us, we wish there was more we could do about it. you’ve expressed a lot of valid concerns, so we want to do our best to respond to them. the delays: we’ve talked a lot about the delays and why they happened — and while we wish it had taken less time to make the movie, we also hope that most backers will feel the final movie is worth the extra time it took. 'anomalisa' ended up being both longer and more elaborate than we had first anticipated, but we hope most backers will be proud to have helped make it. the updates: we’ve also said that we know we should have done better with regular updates during production, and that we were a little unprepared for the amount of extra work involved in running a kickstarter. if we could go back and change this, we would. since we can’t, we’re still hoping to make up for it with several detailed updates about the making of the movie. we’ll be sending those over the next few months, now that the movie has been released and we don’t need to worry about spoiling it before it reaches theaters. our motives:  we’re sorry that you believe we’d hold everything back for profit, but as we’ve now explained several times, we don’t make the final decisions on how the film is distributed… and a lot of people invested a lot of money that we need to do our best to earn back for them. but, to be clear, the goal of this campaign was never to be an independent distributor — it was to be independent filmmakers, and create the movie without studio input, so that the final film would reflect charlie and duke’s vision without compromise. that’s exactly what it made possible, and thanks to the backers who got us started – and a lot of other investors who lent us the money we needed to finish – we were able to make the movie we wanted to make, and want you to see. that is what our kickstarter made possible. we wish we were able to share everything with you sooner, and that we could prioritize our backers over all of the other people who also contributed to help make the film, but in the end, it’s a huge balancing act, and we have to make a lot of difficult decisions. we absolutely care about our backers, and remain grateful for your support — so we’re sorry that we’ve made you feel like we don’t. there are a lot of things we could have done better over the last few years — especially in terms of communicating about what was happening — but we got to make the movie we wanted to make, and we were able to get it into theaters and to distribute it in other formats. once we get the downloads, blu-rays, and dvds, we’ll send out the reward copies, just like we always promised. this probably won’t make you feel better, because there’s nothing we can do to change the things you’re disappointed about… but we wanted you to at least understand that we’re listening, and care about your concerns, and wish we could do more.
i'm writing this comment in the movie theatre right after watching anomalisa in san francisco. while it took an extremely long time to make, the movie was very detailed and thought provoking. just wish that backers could have gotten their rewards before the movie came out in theatres. overall, great work.
i have to say, is this your idea of what a successful kickstarter is for you? absolutely horrible for the people who backed it, but good for you at least!  useless updates, complete disregard from the creative team, countless delays, and of course refusing to show us any of the work until you've milked every last cent out of the system. to the right of this screen is some text that says "use this space to cheer the creator along". what a joke! does the creator of this project even know we exist? you have had 3 and a half years to prove yourselves to be something more than a typical hollywood studio, and it's clear as day that you are not. congratulations on your movie, but honestly i wish we had never met.
i am happy and proud to say i had a small part as a backer for this film.
i've been fortunate enough to be able to borrow a guild member's dvd screener so i've watched anomalisa another two times on top of the incredible q&a screening the other day. it's a remarkably layered film, every time i watch it it's a different experience and i get something else out of it. the first time was admittedly confusing and depressing (balanced out by the tender warmth and hilarity of the film's first hour) but it continues to unfold in my mind and i discover wonderful thematic ideas i missed the first and even second time. this is kaufman, after all. it really has to be seen in theaters at least once though (even if it's not the first time) - i wish the team here could offer free tickets or discounts but it's worth it. there's detail that's missed on a smaller screen and you really get a sense of the scale. there's such a significant insignificance of the film that i adore. i sincerely think this is the best film of the decade and the best film in general since synecdoche new york. yes, lots of people have been able to see it before you and before myself but the film remains deeply personal especially  the more i dig into it and form my own opinion on what it's all about. we've spent 3 and a half years with this film and even watching it thrice there's more to discover. so thanks for this pitch-perfect masterpiece, it's been a journey but i'm very happy to have been a part of the film that will continue to have life for decades. i hope most of the backers love it as i do. if only this wasn't the same year as inside out and we could make a play for the oscar.
like many backers, i was under the impression this would be a short featurette and not a full-length film to be distributed by hollywood. many critics have already seen this film and it will be seen by the general paying public long before those who backed it, unless they pay to see it in a theater. this is a backwards approach to rewarding those who believed in this enough to support it from the start, and contradicts the whole point of asking people to kickstart it in the first place.
will you be sending me my signed script any time soon? that was the award i paid money for! it sounds like a script should be available now!
how do i leave you an updated address for my award?
@james we hear where you’re coming from. we aren’t trying to delegitimize anything, just to clarify what we actually said. this movie wasn’t made in the traditional way — we did produce it outside of the typical hollywood studio system, not because we wanted to “stick it to” that system, but because that was the only way to make the movie we truly wanted to make.  but as other backers have pointed out, the money raised on kickstarter was only a fraction of the overall budget. major studio distribution is hands down the best way a film like ours can reach enough people to earn back the money invested to make it, and a pitfall of that is that we don't have the freedom to prioritize our backers in ways that could hurt the movie’s performance. of course, we hope you won’t be one of the last to see it — you’ll get your personal copy of the movie no later than the same day it’s available to the rest of the world, and hopefully sooner. we understand why you’re upset and we wish there was more we could do to fix this. we're navigating a lot of conflicting needs, and we want you to know we’re working to balance all of them the best way we can. we can’t wait for you to see the film, and hope you’ll feel proud to have been one of the very first people ever to believe in it.
@drmaestro excellent question! @jack is correct; you can do this if you are imdb-savvy, but we'll submit an update to imdb to include this. @gui @mark @doctornick thank you for your comments! your support and encouragement means so much to us, and we're grateful you guys understand how convoluted the distribution process can be!
@jack @gabriel thank you for the heads up. we are in touch with paramount about this and we'll keep backers posted on how it's being addressed.
@gabriel that's disappointing. i hope paramount are on taking it down. @drmaestro i added myself to the imdb credits, i'm sure you'll be able to do the same.
@jack moulton don't shoot the messenger team, but the screener has already leaked online.
congratulations on making a very successful movie. i can't wait to see it (hopefully in a theater). i've got a question and i don't know if it has been asked or answered before: are backers who are featured on the credits going to be included in the imdb database? i've seen a few backers on that list (2 of them are mentioned as such). i'd love to have a credit there :)
and by the way, they are not talking talking about sending it to backers in a couple of months, but in six months (june 2016). and that is for now ...
@docktornick the original goal was to do a short film, not a feature film that cost 10-15x that. so changing the goal 8-12 months after the project was funded and closed changed everything, and backers didn't had a choice to follow and see the film long after it's been distributed in theaters (unless you paid a second time to see it).
+1 to what @doctornick said. i'm so glad i had a _tiny_ participation on a _small_ kickstarter initiative to get this beautiful film done. the $380k (discounting fees) raised on kickstarter were a tiny drop to cover the film costs, so it's ludicrous to feel entitled to special treatment or to receive a copy before public distribution. next time, if you want to see the movie before everyone else (and live near one of the main distribution cities), do not back a film on kickstarter, and just buy tickets for the premiere on a movie theater nearby. if you do not live in one of the 3-4 cities, keep fingers crossed and wait for public distribution, a couple of months later. it'll still be 3-4 months earlier than dvd/digital downloads.
guys, kickstarter funds were less than 1/16th of the total budget for this film, which was 8 million. you helped get it started, but there are financiers with a lot of money riding on this, which is why it has to go through traditional distribution. frankly, knowing that i helped get this wonderful film made makes me more than satisfied. i can wait a couple of months.
since you're in the habit of quoting the kickstarter campaign to deligitimze the concerns of those of us who backed the film, here is a quote from your kickstarter campaign: our goal is to produce this unique and beautiful film outside of the typical hollywood studio system where we believe that you, the audience, would never be allowed to enjoy this brilliant work the way it was originally conceived. seems weird to raise funds on the basis of sticking it to the studio system then prioritizing the distribution of the film to benefit the studios who wouldn't back the project in the first place. i'm a little miffed that i will be one of the last people to see the film while being one of the first people to back it (#758).
i truly hope this film gets some oscar nods! keep up the good work folks & thanks for the update!
@jack @adrian we can't wait for you to see it – let us know what you think!
@kevin @jeremy @danny excellent questions re: special / press screenings in montreal, aukland, and la. we'll look into this!
just heard of an advance screening in montreal on jan. 14th. is there any way you could get montreal backers tickets to that event?
so, i live in auckland, new zealand and have just been made aware of a preview screening of anomalisa here on 13 january. any chance i could get a ticket to this please?
any chance we could get on the list for one of the guild or press screenings in la?
can we get some indication as to when we'll get to see the film? it seems like the film needs to be released first, but how long do we have to wait before we get our dvds and/or digital downloads?
my girlfriend just got me tickets to the q&a screening at the landmark on jan 4th, best christmas gift, can't wait!
looks like this is coming to columbus, oh in january. pretty excited. i don't even mind if i have to pay for it.
all of the campaign rewards that include a digital or physical copy of the film use the phrase, "...once the film has been distributed."  this means backers won't receive the film until after it has been distributed to theaters.  since kickstarter forbids the wording of campaign rewards from being changed once one or more backers have pledged for a reward, we know that this stipulation was in place from the very beginning. the reason is financial:  in order to get distribution money from a studio such as paramount, the studio requires that the movie not already have been released in digital or physical form.  the studio does this to maximize its profit. that's why backers won't receive copies until after the theatrical release.
i must admit, i'm disheartened to learn recently that some critics/awards voters have received dvd screeners of the film already. i guess they're somewhat easier to manage as far as risk/reward goes for leaking it. on the brighter side, charlie kaufman talking anomalisa on the hollywood reporters' animation roundtable is interesting: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
will there be subtitles with the digital download ? english subs at least ?
i too ache with anticipation for this film's release but i have patience and an understanding for the process involved in delivering the rewards.
it seems like all the accolades have made you totally forget about the backers. wouldn't it have made more sense to figure out a way to distribute to the folks who made the film possible first rather than focus on shopping it around at festivals and letting us play second fiddle? we backed this because we had total faith in the product you were going to make, without seeing so much as a single frame of the film. i would think you'd show some appreciation for that. i feel used.
how come the folks who backed the movie have to sit here and listen to all these film critics who didn't back it?? shouldn't we have gotten priority? without us, there's no film. extremely disappointed in this campaign. i just want to see the damn movie that i helped create. doesn't seem too unreasonable.
@jack mouton -- thank you jack!! it's been a wild week. anomalisa *also* received nominations from the los angeles film critics awards, bsfca, and the online film critics awards. keep an eye on social for similar news...
congratulations on the golden globe nomination!
the opportunities that are being offered to see the film around the world that are completely inaccessible to me is driving me absolutely crazy.
got to see the movie last week. it's really fantastic. such a great job done with the entire production!  it all worked so well. something about the type of material used for the character faces and skin gives the animation even more nuance and life. looking forward to watching it again when it's released theatrically.
dear creators, now that this project has changed so much, i'm worried about the blu-ray tier i selected. when i did select it i asked whether or not the release would be all regions blu-ray, and at the time you said yes. now that you have a big distributor, is this still valid? because if this is now suddenly a region a coded blu-ray release, i have to change my tier to dvd as i don't have a region free blu-ray player. please let me know about this before it is too late. thank you.
@jeremy, thanks for your comment! have you received any of the recent backer updates?
hi, is there any kind of time schedule for delivery of the signed storyboards or will they be sent with the blu ray? i know we are a small cog in a big picture but it has been 2 and 1/2 years since i received any type of communication from you which is very poor. i'm proud to have helped in a small way in getting this project to completion but at the same time feel the way i've been treated on this project and a couple of others that i've contributed to mean i won't do it again which is a real shame.
in lengthy line, but stoked to see anomolisa at the chinese theatre in hollywood for afifestival.
just saw the trailer!!! i'm so excited to see this!!!
carter burwell just released some snippets of the score. sounds wonderful. he's already done stellar work for carol, i really hope he can win something for one of these. http://www.carterburwell.com/projects/anomalisa.shtml plus is that an original song contender i spy?
this looks glorious. so glad to have backed this.
i am stunned by the trailer. really looking forward to seeing the movie. since it will be in cinemas first, before all the backers get their blurays/dvds, will we get a voucher for a ticket?
all right. this was always about an artist fulfilling his vision, carte blanche. mission accomplished. very happy to have been a part of this.
really amazing !!! thank you!!!
that's the most powerful trailer i've ever seen.
yeah im starting to agree with some of the people here. the movie is made....the movie is also sold...so there are some things you should be delivering.
congratulation on the paramount deal.  it really is amazing for a short film to turn into a full feature, win in a festival, and reach what it is today. i do feel great having a very small part helping this project. i wish people that are upset would understand that sending the film out early could also kill this film. it is a huge risk. it takes just one person to leak the film on the internet and bring deals crashing down. try to see it from there side and enjoy your part in bringing this film to life.
i totally understand not getting a blu-ray or download before it's been "released"!  that's totally cool! but what about the pendelton ward artwork and "exclusive anomalisa t-shirts"?  how about an update about the status of all the other stuff?  even a, "uh, we fucked up and can't fulfil that yet" would be better than wondering what the heck is going on. throw us a bone, eh?
really sad about this bait and switch. we've waited patiently for years now to see this, and now plenty (who aren't us) have. by the time we get our actual download, it will probably long have been on torrents if not netflix/amazon/whatever. at this point, there's no pride in being a supporter of this project or reason to help give word of mouth promotion. by the time i actually get to see it, it will have already been in theaters.
i can't really say anything that hasn't already been said. i just want to add my voice to those who are disappointed with the decision to put donors at the very back of the line to see the movie they helped fund.
@eric donaldson: my understanding is that the backer screening was for any backer level and was not part of the fulfillment of any reward tiers.  the official premiere screening still has yet to occur.
was that backer screening on the 15th the reward for the $500 level: "2 tickets to attend the anomalisa premiere screening and party with cast and crew."??
while i'm happy you're in england as the london film festival surprise film i'm utterly gutted that i couldn't be there. i had been attending it for the past week and just left yesterday. what a bitter kick in the teeth. i do hope you're planning backer screenings in london very soon.
i would like to attend the nyc showing.
@mehughes & @irv: to be sure you're rsvped, please send us a message using this link: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/anomalisa/charlie-kaufmans-anomalisa/messages/new… we'll try to follow up on comments, but we need to send you a secret rsvp link to reserve your ticket, and it's not so easy to send messages to you from the comments here. so to be safe, please send us a private message!
would love a ticket to attend the nyc screening this thursday. i'm sure capacity will be constrained, but if i could request a +1, my brother is a huge kaufman fan. thanks!
i would a ticket to attend the premiere in nyc. please email the rsvp link to me.
more oscar buzz - this time in the animated department - and as i predicted unfortunately likely to lose out to "inside out". but if there's any movie to beat to odds.... http://www.goldderby.com/stats/experts/oscars-2015-nominations/best-animated-feature.html
oscar buzz http://www.metacritic.com/pictures/30-best-picture-contenders-2015
no rewards. feeling ripped off. good subject for a huffington post article about what success does to people. very very bad.
is there a scud cameo or easter egg?
i'm still alive. id like to confirm my info, its the same except email has changed.
just give us something for waiting 3 whole years and being patient, supportive and showing faith in you well before paramount and any film festival was interested in you. address the concerns of all the commenters here with one update that is for us, the original backers. we only gave you less than 10% of what you're likely to get from paramount, but you wouldn't be here today without us. we're a part of this, and i think a lot of us just feel ignored and taken advantage of. how is it we have seen only a few small images over 3 years; yet people who attended a film festival got to enjoy the entire movie? it's not really fair to be so left in the dark, but to be part of the group that believed in you from the very beginning.
critic who says anomalisa changed his life: http://www.hitfix.com/motion-captured/review-anomalisa-is-the-most-shattering-experiment-yet-from-charlie-kaufman
to the best of my knowledge, i haven't received any rewards at all. it's totally reasonable that there's no dvd or similar until after release (though i expect sending out awards copies of the film means it will end up online before we get it), however there are a variety of behind the scene rewards promised that feel they should be delivered now. i saw the film at tiff and enjoyed it thoroughly, but the feelings of backers of being abandoned as soon as you got our money isn't an unreasonable one.
i think most would agree that they backed this project in order to give some great creators the chance at making great art. good news: they did it! better news: it's now going to enjoy wider release. getting my downloadable copy early would be great, but i'll trade that for the knowledge that i believed in the idea of this film and played a (very) small part in helping the creators achieve their vision. we'll all see it; it's just a question of who sees it before whom, and that's gets petty when you boil it down. however! there may be some remedy for those feeling slighted: perhaps starburns can share with us the promised behind-the-scenes featurette "unlocked" when the campaign raised more than $400,000 (see update #22). seems like releasing an in-depth behind-the-scenes for backers only would be a great way to tease the film and give thanks to we early believers.
remember that at the beginning, anomalisa was supposed to be a short animated, not a long animation movie (see update #39 on that). that changed after they got much more money than targeted. so a major like paramount, and 3 years production was most probably not part of the initial deal. paramount has very strict distribution rules, and don't accept "early distribution" to 6000 ks backers. so, we will probably end up with seing this movie well after many movie goers.
@jacob coughlan thank you for understanding.
i just wanted to add my 2 cents about a lot of the comments on here disappointed in delayed awards/seeing the movie already.  not only do i work in the industry, but i have even worked on a film that recently did the festival circuit. i did not get to see the final movie until it had already premiered at sundance, then was in 4 different festivals. and till it finally came to my town. and i got to see it with the rest of the people who made it, plus like a 1,000 people who had tickets for the screening, mine were just free. and it had already secured distribution on netflix.  so remember, i helped make the movie and i had to wait that long. you clicked a button and gave some money to people who are trying to do the most with your investment.
have the pendleton ward posters shipped yet? it's confusing to find out what has been given out and what has not (not just you guys but kickstarter in general) over the past 3 years.
i just received the news of your paramount deal. first, congratulations. however, i am terribly disappointed in the news regarding the dvd. one of the benefits in backing projects like this is the ability to see the final work before anyone else. i can't imagine that the exclusion of 5,770 backer-accessed downloads/discs would have killed your distribution deal. granted, in paramount's eyes, that's 5,770 people who won't be buying the dvd/blu-ray. however, keeping the 5,770 people happy and honoring the intendant promise of the original reward surely would've increased the odds that they would have also seen it in the theaters. i'm not sure i will now. still love your work, just hate this decision.
congratulations! i'm so glad i could play a small part in getting such a successful  project off the ground. i'm sorry you have to deal with people who clearly don't understand what kickstarter is about & apparently didn't even read what they were signing up for.
for those who are annoyed that the film is being distributed before the backers get it, well, that's what you bought. from the campaign: 'by popular demand! a digital download of anomalisa once the film has been distributed!' i'd also like to add that i'm delighted that this is already doing so well and i can't wait to see it myself. top job!
i would also like to confirm my address, although i don't believe i ever received a survey.
i for one am very proud something i had a small part in is now being called a stopmotion masterpiece http://screencrush.com/anomalisa-review-tiff/ .  kickstarter is not a place to get free stuff, its to help projects get started.  its enormously difficult to make and market an independent film especially an animated one so show some respect and stop making it all about yourselves people.  i'll be happy to see it, what does it matter if its now or after the festivals?  its going to be the same film.
the world will see it before the assholes who invested in this.
where is my copy?
http://www.labiennale.org/en/cinema/news/12-09.html grand jury prize to: anomalisa by charlie kaufman and duke johnson (usa)
well done on winning the venice grand jury prize! it's refreshing to get daily updates on the film's progress at least.
maximilian, message us your new contact information and we will update it.  thanks!
would you consider setting up a streaming private film premiere for kickstarter backers? this is what the producers did for "the primary instinct" the film of stephen tobolowsky's storytelling stage show. this would enable the backers to see the film before release, while avoiding the problem with downloads.
hi there, first of all i want to congratulate for breaking into the festival circuit, and on the positive reception! secondly, i've moved since i submitted my contribution to the project and was wondering how to update my contact details to make sure any rewards are sent to the right one? looking forward to seeing the outcome of this long process! heaps of cheers, thanks & hugs! m
not at all.  it means that we have to jump through a few more hoops to get this movie in to the theater.
does this latest update mean that if the movie doesn't get picked up that we aren't getting squat. i hope i'm reading that wrong.
@eliot beer film distribution is a funny business (i've worked in the film industry for over a decade, so i'm speaking from experience.) one of the things that can kill a deal is if the film has been available online, and crowdfunding is still relatively a niche thing. as soon as a distributor hears that some people have been able to download the film and that they possess high-res digital copies, deals can collapse. so sending the film out to backers could potentially cost the film a multi-million dollar international distribution deal. awards can figure into it too, although that's improving, but the money is a big factor too.
(1) have the puppets been sent out; (2) when will the official premiere be. i believe that was one of my rewards.
the reviews are coming in: http://www.theguardian.com/film/2015/sep/05/anomalisa-review-sex-and-depression-in-charlie-kaufmans-superb-stop-motion-breakdown i admit, there have been points when i wondered if the "anomalisa" crew were just sitting around smoking approximately $400k worth of drugs - but now that it's out there, and sounding great, i'm happy to wait a bit longer to see what should be a seminal piece of work. (correct me if i'm wrong, but i believe one reason for not being able to show backers is the very strict rules about where and when films can be screened to be eligible for award submissions. so, i can't really blame them - but i wish there were ways around it...)
lel....
can we get out money back?
i still can't believe how naïve i was in backing this film. i'm not ashamed to say that the only reason i did is because charlie's name was attached to the project, and he is a fave writer of mine. so many years on, and i wonder if the dvd, or the storyboards will even arrive; they have to cross an ocean. i pledged in good faith because i believe in art, and when the call went out to give a little more, i did. i have to say though, this will be the first and last time that i back a film project. i'm not a big earner and i feel as if this project has left a very bad taste in my mouth. it just doesn't feel respectful on any level. :(
the film could be great but it'll be ruined now when i just think about alternative funding of art being taken advantage of and being hurt for potential genuine projects to come when i watch it. this is not what this was supposed to be. and you helped in destroying what it could have been.
i kinda feel like it's lame that people in toronto who didn't care to fund the film get to see it, but the people who did don't. i put my money in years ago because i wanted this to be a reality. but i have to wait until after a theatrical release? how about if you want to release your movie traditionally then you fund it traditionally? instead of having your cake and eating it too on the expense of loyal fans who believed in you... boo.
"surely we'll get to see it before festival goers right?" using a couple of other ks animation film projects as a base for my comment, they will not! they will show it in all animation and film festivals they can, till january 2016.
hahaha just checked expected delivery date of may 2013. i was so young and naive back then!
happy to hear you're heading to tiff! but please - surely we'll get to see it before festival goers right? if not, you'll at least give us a date for dvds by september?
since it appears to be going unannounced here - it has been reported that anomalisa will be shown at the venice film festival in september.
whatever happened to the t-shirts we were supposed to receive?
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz! hope the film will not be as boring as this campaing.
here's something i found while searching for more information - a tumblr site with some additional behind-the-scenes stuff that wasn't posted to the ks list. enjoy! http://anomalisamovie.tumblr.com/
hi guys! i still believe in this film, and i know it will turn out great! for those people that have appeared on camera and in the videos, you all seem like a bunch of hardworking fun people. however.... i've got to say that this ranks as one of the worst kickstarter projects i've been a part of. why? you've basically left us almost completely out of the process. you did 21 updates to launch the kickstart. that was in the span of about 60 days. over the course of the last 3 years, you've done 25 updates. that's less than 1 update a month. some of those were really short updates. we've gotten a picture here, a quick video there, but nothing of substance. i wasn't expecting peter jackson-like 10 minute fully-produced making ofs, but it's pretty easy to grab a hand phone, and say a few words once a week. we, the kickstarters, do this not for the rewards, but to feel connected to the process. you've mostly kept us locked out of that. 2 year delays can be forgiven, especially on a vocal kickstart, because you're explaining what's causing the delay. we waited a year and a half for the (wonderful!) news that the movie was now 80 minutes in length, and then dino gave sort of a "happy 2 year anniversary plus sorry" message last september. i respect you guys, i think the film is going to be amazing, and i wish you guys the best success with it. but i don't think i'd back any additional projects from you guys again.
@ gabe russell kickstarter has changed and you change your address now (you couldn't be once you submitted a response to the survey). just go to whichever tier your pledged for and click "your response' and there's an option to edit your address.
i think it's not so correct this way to work. we're our supporter. we have sent to you our money. and after all this delay, we continue to have no answer from march.....that's hollywood?
it's been way too long for an update. please give us an update!!!
so... this year or next year? i don't mind, just wanna know!
hopefully you will send out an address survey before actually mailing the rewards? i have moved twice since i funded this project. speaking of, can we get any kind of update on the rewards?
thad, i got that change for you. we will credit both you and your son. thanks!
thad evans is correct, but would like to change to my son...seiji evans.  thank you
any new updates?
turns out i shared a bastardized version. fuck. hopefully someone out there can find the best version of 'calculator', with all the stupid math and stuff. i loved that shit.
i love you all and believe in what you're doing. all i have to say? one should adapt to calculating. https://www.youtube.com/watch… https://screen.yahoo.com/calculator-000000188.html
hey!! the worst year(s) of my life is/are over. i'm still here!! i keep forgetting about this thing. happy to see people still working on it. well as happy as one person who had happiness driven out of them can feel things.  i'm on the upswing now. take care.
"we've begun putting together some of the pre-release rewards as we head into post production and will keep you updated on those delivery dates." that was more than 2 months ago!
hello! i have sent you a message via kickstarter to update some details (again!). thank you and merry christmas! :)
@scp.filme just send us a message with your new details, and we'll add a note to your account.
i have moved since i backed you. where can i send my new address?
hi everybody! it's nearly christmas so happy christmas and what about the project? it's very long :-(
agreed, it'd be really nice to see a holiday update!!
howsabout a special holiday update of progress! eh? ehhhhhhhh?
@roger no problem, we'll make a note on your account with the change.
given the delays, i want to ask if i can change my choice of rewards (based on my "pledge $75 or more" selection) from the dvd i indicated on my survey response to a blu ray copy instead. and if so, whether this comment will suffice or if i need to do anything more formal to change my reward from dvd to blu ray. thank you. roger
woohoo two year anniversary! i honestly i look forward to the making of, as that must be a story on its own. at least your still going and those sets do look amazing keep on chugging
awesome! thanks, guys!
hi all! to address a few of your comments and questions: @kelly: yes! you'll still get a free download, post-release. @marlene: thanks for the kind words. we certainly will! @marie-andree: we're working on an update as we speak! thanks for your patience. @shannon: sure, we'll make a note on your account. @aaron: thank you! we know you're going to love it. @brendan: thanks brendan. we don't like having to delay either, but are confident that the wait will be worth it! thanks for your patience and understanding.
ah, hope!
@ marie i think the project will be done as people's reputations will be on the line. i was part of a kickstarter where the writer was in charge of it and overcharged everyone and things ended up costing a lot. people got really upset at the lack of communication, lack of delivery and failed promises. a lot of comic book websites picked up the story and i can't imagine it'd be easy for that writer to work in the comic book industry again if he wanted to. . so yes, the project has been delayed with less communication than anyone of us would like. that sucks a bit, but i'm sure they're working on it. i'm hoping the new update will be "hey, we're done. available next week".
i've been part of many projects, some as large, and some lot larger, and communication to our stakeholders is always important, even strategic.
@aaron and you know that there will be a film how? that is what updates are for ...
while i respect marie-andree's frustration, marie does not speak for all of us. i eagerly look forward to the final film! keep up the good work.
nearly 2 months since last update. disastrous!
this is what you get when you dm them : http://i.imgur.com/5vfldks.jpg not good!
so, obviously a lot has changed in two years, including my laptop. is it possible to switch out my dvd request for a blu ray copy instead?  i'm more than a little worried about this project... i wish you would keep us in the loop more. :(
ridiculous!
again, no update in more than 40 days! this little game of remembering the creator is gettimg very boring! if we have to wait i don't know how much time, at least update us with interesting stuff! :-(
i also learned with the years that the more time it take, the more $ it also take. i agree that a creative project take time but changing scope ... and taking a lot more time to do it can be catastrophic unless everybody is working free "for the cause", which i doubt is the case here!
take the time you need to make a movie that is your collective best.  i do not care if it take another year or two. creativity does not always fit into a timeframe. do your best.....
@starburns  my original pledge said i am going receive a free download of the film once it is completed. does that still apply since it is now a feature film?
@starburns- i hear what you are saying and i respect the closed set and the incentives that require your project to be further a long. i'm curious why "you hope to be distributing them this summer"  after being just about a year behind on the physical rewards i would hope you would have some solid dates. why wasn't fulfillment of things like hoodies and shoes a 1st priority? feels like your pandering in your response rather than assuring me i backed the right team. again, very dissapointed and while i love dan, dino, charlie and the rest of the team i don't think i'd have involvement on any level. i think the starbunrs team quickly forgot that adding a ks element to a film or media project means that a certain amount of customer service is now involved. not trying to be a jerk or give you a hard time i just would hate to think this was more of a money grab than a truly crowd funded, amazing project.
hi @daniel, thanks for commenting with your concerns about the anomalisa kickstarter rewards. we completely understand your frustration with the time it’s taking to get all of our rewards fulfilled. we want to assure you that we have been fulfilling rewards where doing so doesn’t jeopardize the “closed set” nature of the production. we’ve awarded all studio tours, twitter rewards, skype calls, and drinks, and are working on the production of the hoodies, shoes, and other limited edition accessories which we hope to be distributing them this summer. unfortunately, we have to wait until the film is released to distribute some of the other rewards, including signed scripts, signed storyboards, digital downloads, and dvds. thanks again for your continued support and patience!
congrats on on the extended length of your project, forget my incentives where's my respect!? this is great news but it's no excuse to be so behind on incentives. i very much understand scripts, production stills, things that might compromise the production. however i need you to make me understand why things like the apparel hasn't been released or studio tours haven't been given. i'm more than willing to wait and i'm over joyed that you guys get to make a film twice as long. i understand production delays and i understand protecting the project. it seems to me though there's no respect for the people that funded your film. this is really disappointing because it's destroying the fibers of trust to those who would like to return to kickstarter but now have been burned and have a bad taste in their mouth. i'm not trying to slander what you're doing i'm just very disappointed, i would have loved to help fund your next project a long with the 5,769 other fine folks that backed your project.
i'm a huge fan of this team. that being said i'm irked that after all this time they don't even have a teaser trailer to show. 1 minute of music and vo and hell maybe a glimpse of a few shots from the film. i'm worried that after the production phase is complete we'll have to deal with another year of quarterly, one paragraph vague updates as the film slogs through post. i feel like there's more to the story we haven't heard. just venting, really want to see this thing come out and wow the world.
update us maybe! with @danny's story, it looks like you just vanished in thin air!
i pledged $250 for the studio tour and originally scheduled my tour for early/mid-may last year, but then production got pushed back and i had to take a job in chicago come june. i've been back in la for three months now and have sent a couple of emails to the anomalisa gmail, but have yet to get a response. am i shit out of luck? or can i get some other kind of reward? or can i get my pledge refunded? no hard feelings, but i want to know what my options are, if any...
@arnold and our other faithful ks backers, please be assured that we are only working on anomalisa.  the scope of this movie has grown exponentially and while we cannot divulge the details, it is truly amazing what we are accomplishing and how hard this team is working. the movie is now 80 minutes long.  we are adding as many shooting stages as possible. please know that there is a team of 70 people in the starburns castle working tirelessly, 7 days a week to get this movie done.  we aim to have the movie completed by the end of year. can we be better with our updates?  yes and we are working on it.  we are working on a twitter feed that will share our stage walkie calls.  we are working on employee profiles.   in short we are working on creating a steady stream of content to share. don't loose faith in us arnold.  once you see the film you are going to be extremely proud of the project you backed.  we are working, this is a slow process, but it is looking absolutely amazing. keep talking to us and we will answer your posts.  until next time. rosa tran  producer
thank you for the update guys!
that make four of us ... on 5770!
i am also waiting for an update..
lol i was just wondering about this?? is this still happening? what i am noticing the more "professional" the backing, the worse the delivery date, completely underestimated time and budget. probably working on another job as thats what these companies are like, so far you falling under my 2nd worst backing. never again....
clearly, charlie and team had, at a minimum, forgot about their backers who put $400 000 in his project, and at the worst flew with our money. but we are 2 people on 5 770 worrying about it!
i agree with marie at this. an update is due, even if there are no substantial changes. and i understand all those difficulties, changes, and stones on the road that have delayed the project. i even understand an understimation of the time needed (though it's been longer than a year since the funding process ended). but the longer the delay is, the scarcer the updates are. and that does not transmit confidence. so my request would be, as kind as possible: update us, the funders, more often. even if it is just a couple of lines of the production log. it would mean respect to those who put money and hopes on it. thanks.
@brendan i don't care that much about delays and don't only focus on the end results, but also on the process of writing, pre-producing, producing, editing, etc. the film. that is what ks should be!
@ marie and y. don't worry, you're not the only ones waiting for an update. i've got faith that they'll finish the movie, but i'm guessing that like a lot of other earlier on kickstarter campaigns, they severely under-estimated on the time needed. hopefully there will be an update and better yet, a date of when the movie will be finished.
one day, we will maybe have an update. but since we are only 2 backers on 5 770 asking for it ...
from your last update which was on dec 22: "expect an update once or twice a month" today is february 14. :)
so doing my monthly round of videogames and movies projects (the most delinquant on the communication front of all my projects, because, "oh well their creators are free spirits that don't have to be accountable to anyone except themselves"). no update in more than 1 month (nearly 2). update please! at least, put a link that looks like an update in a blog, forum or fb entry.
are you guys in post-production yet? :)
thanks for sharing svp, that's pretty cool!
check this out. anybody watch this? my life has been pretty craptastic but i still enjoyed this homemade movie. its like underground ghost-in-the-machine meets cute aliens claymationish w/ pangs of nightmare-before-xmas. http://moviepilot.com/read/stories/2014/01/14/this-one-freaky-video-took-a-guy-four-years-to-make-it-s-worth-it-1217058…
nice, and please continue to update us on the results, and the process, even if you think it's not that interesting. you'r producing a film! that is interesting by itself!
any news?
now 2 months without update! is this thing still getting done? :-(
just popping by to post some positivity & love xx  proud to have supported this project, keep on truckin!!
+++ on what brendan, tara, and marie-andrée (;-) had said before. pathetic communications!!
@ tara imbery i can i say is that i agree totally with your point. monthly update would be greatly appreciated for this campaign, especially for something running late. i know that they're working hard, but hearing regular updates would be great to all the backers left waiting. there's almost 6000 of us.  i find asking kickstarter to help is pretty pointless.. they tend to go "oh, well keep trying to contact the creator and we'll do the same."
@ brendan hong - i know all about communication issues with ks campaigns - i'm in over 70 campaigns at this point. this one is one of my earlier campaigns and the only one that has been this delinquent with communicating its progress - or this vague when they do decide to give us an "update". even a monthly update that just lets us know where things are at overall with the project would be leaps and bounds better than nothing.
@ tare imbery i find that issue, regular update and communication, to be a big issue with a lot of ks campaigns, this one included. it's a fine line to walk between way too much and way too little, but in this case, with a project being late, it'd be nice to have some kind of regular monthly update. even the tumblr, http://anomalisamovie.tumblr.com/ , that was suppose to be updated regularly has not be updated in 4 months.
@ marie-andree poisson - i totally agree that this ks has been terrible about communicating where it's at with its progress. all we are getting is the "delightfully busy" updates, but nothing that actually tells us where the project is at in its creation process. is the filming almost done? when is apparel being shipped out (they mentioned it was "very soon" back in august, but there hasn't been an update on that since)? is there any sort of estimate about when backers will start seeing the fruits of their labour? i'm glad now that i didn't contribute for more than just the digital download, because the lack of communication would be really driving me batty otherwise. starburns industries - could you please give us something more concrete than just "being busy"? even an update a month would be better than radio silence. don't be that guy.
ok, i give up! this project is yet another kickstarter delinquant on the communication front.
this project needs an update!
i'm not talking about delivery in here, but about communicating your work! we (or at least i) want to know what is going on! :-) will read your update with lot of interest.
quality takes time, marie :d (yes, there's something coming, and we wanted to have it done by tonight. sometime next week.)
i supposed not! :-(
update soon i hope?
hey lfa2012, things are going steady since last week's big update. we've got lots of fantastic footage in the can since last week. it's going to be so exciting when we get to show it off!
sept 3rd any updates on this?
looking forward to the finished product.
quality not speed. take your time and do the art you want to do. :)
update please !
well, i must be the only one on more than 5000 backers interested in knowing what's going on with this project. no real update in more than 1 1/2 months. not cool at all.
real update please. don't be like video games projects please!
emailed you, dan. :d
am i able to hand-off my studio tour to my friend in la? i live in seattle and can't make it down. if not, i understand. thanks!
hey pkn, things are coming along so well. we're really excited, and you're gonna love it! you can send a message and we'll update your notes for the shipping. stay awesome!
you all are awesome! take as long as ****ing needed to make this film! don't rush it to appease impatient backers. whenever & wherever this arrives in my mailbox, i look forward to settling in, smoking some ganja and letting the magic of stop-motion expand my consciousness. the wait will only make the eventual experience better! carry on ye gods of wire armatures & silicon. cheers & be well. p.s. - i need to update my shipping address. how do i?
@rene, no need to hope, they will go out later in the summer. :d
has anybody received the signed charlie kaufman script yet?  still hoping and waiting.
you have me reassured. :-)
boom, inboxed you! @amaeze thanks for being awesome!
who do we contact about the studio tours? i need to know the time.
@marie -- there's an update coming soon! we've been working hard to make the movie. thank you for being so invested!
so, on 5770 backers, i'm the only one who is interested to see what is going on with this project? quite reassuring!
little news from time to time, without us (or me at least) solliciting it, would be great.
@ marie - we are here!  sorry for the radio silence.  we are working on the film and an update is coming to you soon.  thank you for your patience. @dan - thanks man! :) @marco - did scott answer all of your questions?  thank you!!
well, anybody here?
@everybody... starburns makes more stuff happen than we could ever know. leave starburns alone. if starburns cares, starburns will get back to you. if starburns doesn't, well, ya know, starburns needs some time to think. stuff is simple when you break it down. chemistry, baby.
@starburns dear, can anybody let me know something about the script? estimated delivery was jan 2013 survey sent ha been 02/06/13, but i didn't receive anything.....please let me know. thanks
hi, i didn't receive anything yet....does somebody receive anything?
an update would be nice. none sonce 2 months ago
@dan -- no timeframe yet.  but as soon as we have one we let you know.  thank you!
@starburns hi! just wondering if there was a ballpark timeframe for the premiere. i'm outta state, so i'm trying to line up my shit so i can actually attend. if you're not sure yet, feel free to ignore me. i'll move on. i always do.
@starburns cool.  let me know what you figure out!  thanks.
@stanley -- got it!  thank you.
hi, i was away from my email and only just filled out the $100 survey today. please let me know if the response got in on time. thanks!
@aine -- sorry for the delay.  i need to check w the guys and i will get back to you. @ elisa -- we have not sent out any of our higher level surveys.   still sorting the details for props and puppets.  thank you for your patience.
hi guys i pledged $1000 too. and i never received any survey too...
hey! just filled out survey for $100 dollar pledge. it's a birthday gift, and so is there an estimation for arrival date?
hi joseph -- the higher levels surveys have not been sent out as of yet.  still sorting out all of the details.  should be soon.  thank you.
i never received any survey. and i pledged at the $1000 level.  were these sent electronically?
@ nathaniel -- they were sent.  let me have the guys double check.  thank you.
quick question, i was one of those who were selected to get one of the "harmonless" prints. just wondering if those were ever sent? thanks!
hey! just filled out survey for $100 dollar pledge. it's a birthday gift, and so is there an estimation for arrival date?
@paul - hi paul!  you can ignore the address requests.  it is applies to the backers that upped their pledges for tshirts and hoodies. thank you.
so all $20-level donors can ignore these emails kickstarter is sending us about giving our mailing address and we'll still be able to download the digital copy when the film is complete?
survey filled out! i can't wait!!! ::faints from awesomeness::
@jeremy - you are welcome! @svp - you are special to us. @chaz- do it!
filling out forms makes me feel like a hollywood producer. can i put this down on my resume?
filled out the form. i like it. it makes me feel special.
thank you for you very quick reply starburns industries! i really appreciate it! i filled out my survey and have already submitted it! i can not wait to see the finished product!
@deiter -- duly noted! @ rene -- we haven't selected a particular type of shirt yet.  i know that gildan might be a choice.
hey guys, just realized as i filled out the survey that when i bumped my pledge by $25, i didn't change my incentive selection.  so any chance of getting the $100 incentive at this point?  i pledged $75, bumped it to $100 before it closed.....i would be stoked to get my name in lights...haha.  i'm also keeping an eye out for when you will be hiring animators, would love to get involved!
hello guys, thanks for the survey mail. any chance you know the brand of shirts you will print on, or even better: can link us a sizing chart? my sizing varies quite a lot depending on brand and country of origin. i have s sizes that are big on me, and the occasional l that is snug. thanks.
i just filled out my survey!  so excited!!!
@shmuel -  please disregard that.
i pledged at the $20 digital download level. i am now confronted with a survey asking for my mailing address. why would you need my physical mailing address to send me a digital download?
sorry jeremy.  sending them today.
has anyone else received their survey yet? the last update said we would get them by the end of january and i still haven't received mine. sorry, just a little worried.
@shane -- sure thing chicken wing.
since folks just seem to be stating their preference here and i'm not sure where else to mention it-- i'd prefer blu-ray over dvd if at all possible. thanks! (and i hope production is going swimmingly!)
@svp thank you!   @ amaeze -- we are locking down the animation schedule and then we will email out dates that you can choose.
i like the producer's glasses.
when can we expect surveys and dates for the studio tours?
please tell us something! :)
where have all the updates gone? :p (really excited for this)
@jilliybean usually there is a survey (allowing you to enter shipping addresses, shirt sizes, etc) through kickstarter that is released around the time the creator is ready to work that stuff out. you'll get an email when the survey is available.
i tried looking for an answer before i posted this, but couldn't find one.  will we be getting an email including instructions for the shirt?  i'm a size s, ladysize.
i can afford to eat nothing but ramen noodles for the next month, but i'm getting a signed charlie kaufman script. worth. it. best of luck guys can't wait to see the finished product :)
@farees - yes!  once we work out the schedule we will email a few dates and you will get to choose. @jonathan - we are pretty sure we can work something out.  we will look in to it and get back to you. @neal - oh noes!  email ks. we have not control over the charging process at this point.
my debit card number had to be changed and the new card won't be received by mail for up to 10 days.  please do not cancel my pledge or anything - i will get this paid for asap!
i was unaware of having to add money for international shipping prior to the deadline closing, is there anyway to paypal or amazon the $15 required?
for us that need to fly in for some of our prizes, when will we be getting dates?  i know it is early, but flights and hotels are much easier to find with notice.
@anton you could have just set up your account so that you don't get an email when they post notifications. and i don't think you're right about prices being too high. the pledge isn't about getting a dvd, it's about funding a movie. the dvd is merely an incentive.
i'm sorry, but i am having problems with my credit card. sorry.
really excited about this, glad it got so well funded. i have two quarrels though. first i think you should be able to get the dvd for dvd-price. basically as a supporting pre-purchase of the film. we're not investing in this, we're helping. and putting the money down before you make this movie is also helping. dvd should be on 15-20$, imo. secondly getting mails about you wanting to up ones pledge can seem pretty shitty if somebodys already put money down. it's kinda like throwing a beggar 10$ and as a response he goes: you have any more? almost, although the beggar probobly wont deliver a great movie granted. but i think kickstarter-fundraisers should be more thankful to people helping out. not use it as a channel to just snatch as much as possible and fund a movie for free so you can go "all profit" when the movie is out. phew.
you guys deserve it, and i can't wait to see the final product.  i know we won't be disappointed.  congrats and love to everyone here and there.
congrats to starburns industries and everyone who funded!  i am more than excited to see this project come to life!
congrats starburns!!
congratulations to all of those at starburns industries.
wow how much did you make in the las t 60 seconds?..
we did it? i think we did it!
yes! :d
8 dollars to go! 40 seconds! argh!
goal!
holy shit!
this is actually pretty nail-biting >_<
oh wait, nevermind... i was sure the goal was 403, 000 x(
3 minutes to go and abou 200$ to find. dammit, this is stressful...
just 2 drinking buddies away! can't you pester some of your rich friends? don't you want someone you know there?
all i can say is... go go go go.... very close now...
406,000  to give everyone a digital "making of"....this is pretty damn close...they should give it out  anyway cus there great peeps !!! :)
@sean - you are right!  thank you, sir! @simon - agreed!
just upped $25 for the shirt.  i also took the higher tiered reward.  i hope that is how it works.  i can knock it back down to the original tier reward if i was not supposed to do that.
i pledged because of how good synecdoche, new york is.
@billy -  we are keeping a running list of backers who have increased their pledges.  no need to select a different reward. thank you.
i upped my pledge from 100 to 150 but i also changed my reward to the 150 reward (165 with int. shipping), i'm confused as to whether the $25 increase or the shirt was on top of the rewards or just $25 more.
am already up to $75 for blu-ray + int. shipping... would like to boost it but can't really afford to go much higher.
i've upped my pledge a further 20$
just pledged $100. would have been more but the rest is tied up in beard products.
i'd like to know whether we could get a bluray instead of a dvd as well. bigger is better :d
just upped my pledge by $25, hope it helps the push over the edge
upped to $65 from $20. glad to support what looks to be an amazing project
so excited for this project. upped my pledge from 50 to 75, i wish i could afford to give more. xl t-shirt and dvd please.
12 hours to go. how about a dan harmon signed anomalisa (or 'community') postcard as a $25 add-on? i think it'd put you over the edge, plus it wouldn't cost you much more than his time.
upped my pledge from $75 to $100.  i noticed the s&h fee starts at the $200 reward. i'm from australia, should i pledge more to cover the cost of sending the t-shirt by international post? -size m
hmmm... i just pledged $75 bucks before i saw the, "add $25 bucks and get a crew shirt" i would have pledged $50 then upped to &75 for the shirt. can i still get in on that? sorry to be cunt, but $75 is a third of my weekly pay, right now and the shirt would make it sweeter. if not i understand, but i had to try. :)
@pleasecanihaveatshirt:) - what was your original backer name?  i am keeping a running list here.  message me your original name and then i'll make a note of it. @jeremy - got you on my list  :) thank you!!!
raised my pledge from $50 to $75.  i'm more interested in the special featurette than the t-shirt though...
raised my pledge from $150 to $175. partially for the t-shirt, but mainly for justice.
i just upped my contribution $25!!!!! does that mean i get the anomalisa crew t-shit? i don't mean to be a bother by asking that, i just wanted to make sure that i could still get one because i was super pumped at the announcement of this great item. if someone from starburns industries could reassure me that i am still able to get the shirt, it would be greatly appreciated!  =d i'm keeping an eye in these last 20 hours in case i need to up my pledge some more to help you cross the threshold!  p.s. my shirt size is an xl
wasn't sure how to up my contribution as the tier had sold out, so created a second account for the tee :) how do i link the two accounts? good luck all at starburns x
i upped my contribution!  here's to making history and unleashing immense, creative forces via grass-roots funding.  huzzah!
added $25!!  xl t-shirt...
added $25. yaaaay
added $25 bucks b/c i... am a sucker? no! just because i love the idea of dan trying to manage charlie.
added $25 to my pledge so i'll be getting an awesome digital download of the poster, a download of the film, a download of some behind the scenes stuff, a dvd of the film, and a medium t-shirt! fscking amazing value for the backers here, this is a tremendous project.
added extra $25 to my pledge - t-shirt size xl - thanks
large shirt and blu-ray.
$ 350,000 !!!
$25 more from me. xl shirt size. so bank robbing is out, what is your stance on only taking from take-a-penny-leave-a-penny trays?
@ julien - no bank robbing. although we appreciate the thought.  :)  just tell some friends, tweet about us -- that'll do just fine.
i'd like my t-shirt in m and the blu-ray. also, is it ok if i rob a bank to fund this a little more?
increased by $25, t-shirt in l. excelsior!!!
i just took my pledge to the next level, so give me more stuffs! :)
as soon as i saw dan harmon i was in (community easily being my favorite show in the past 5 years). wish you all the best of luck, and i can't wait to see the finished product!
backed 'cuz @zombieorpheus told me about it!
sorry for the delay everyone.  dinner break. :) @arbo- nice! @ zombie orpheus - thanks, man!!
woohoo!! raised my level just in time to grab the last pendelton ward poster before it sold out!! upped mine.... now up yours, everyone!!  :-d
thanks for doing this! it's great to see more people getting funded outside the hollywood system!
@screen novelities - thanks guys!!!
just upped pledge by $25.
we're behind ya!  whooppee!
@ julien - yes you will be able to chose your size.  you can message us now and then once again at the end to be safe.  thank you!! @ shawn - thanks man!
i've upped my pledge 25$. i'm just glad i'm contributing to this. are we able to choose a t-shirt size?
i've upped my pledge twice now. let's get that last 52k!
okay, thanks for your help! i'll try and find a way
@jackmoulton - i just looked on the ks site and it says that your pledge will be charged when the campaign ends so unfortunately there is no way to delay the charge. here is a path for you just in case you wanted to take a look: help>>backer>> "if i make a pledge, when is my card charged?" hope this helps.  please let me know if you have any other questions.  thank you.
@jackmoulton - i am not sure how to answer that.  let me look around the ks site and see if there is an answer i can find for you. @david burgh - i will make a note of it. thank you for your comments and thank you for your support!!
i just pledged the $100 tier! i'd like a blu-ray, please! thanks in advance!
hello i'm not sure how kickstarter works but i'm not sure if i'll be able to afford it on the 9th of september but i don't really want to change my pledge. is there anyway to delay when i pay or do i have to change my pledge?
hi jon! mostly likely they will be the same storyboard prints.  i'll make a note next to your profile that you want a blu-ray.  thanks for asking!
so for the $75 tier, is it the same storyboard print for everyone, or are they unique? i think i will keep my pledge there regardless, as i want the blu-ray and it isn't that much more, but just curious.
huzzah stretch goal! jerry holkins of penny arcade did a great write up a few months back on stretch goals: "you’ve seen stretch goals before, if you’ve ever watched one of these things succeed: mechanisms to maintain funding momentum after success, with whispered promises of more.  these have that, but distilled down into some wicked barn liquor.  stretch goals not at fifty or a hunrded thousand, like stoic’s banner saga, but every fifteen or twenty thousand.  goodies you can add a la carte, independent of your pledge level. "they’ve essentially developed an rpg, where your money is the xp. in these two cases, the stretch goals are of such a high quality that i think what we’re actually seeing is the entire development lifecycle of the offer laid bare: what would have been con exclusives or expansions or preorder bonuses are simply laid out, the living spine exposed.  that’s not how this is supposed to work.  and this, while we pick and choose winners like steam trays at dim sum.  it’s fucking unreal." http://penny-arcade.com/2012/05/02 of course they don't necessarily need to all be goodies & handouts. a simple explanation of how you can now use camera y instead of camera x, or a new higher grade molding plastic, or whatever, would be awesome. keep up the great work guys!
you guys need stretch goals if you want to keep that momentum going!
the band is called washed out and the song is called eyes be closed!  thank you for asking jack, enjoy!
what's the song in the making of the kickstarter video?
nope, just debating opening a second account to get that script in addition to everything else since c.k. is hands-down my favorite screenwriter out there and i'd love his autograph.  this is an amazing project, so happy i stumbled upon it through twitch film.  "moral orel" is definitely one of the most depressing shows i have ever seen in my life, but slickly executed nonetheless.  i am not as familiar with mr. harmon's work but always pleased to support a fellow wisconsinite (i hail from south of madison.) i wish you all the best of luck and do make sure it is at least 40 minutes so it can be forever officially recognized as a 'feature' film and not just a 'short' film. :)  simply cannot wait until this is completed!
hi neal! you are correct! please let us know if you have any other questions.  thank you!!!
so the $200 tier includes everything from the tiers before it except for the signed script and special thanks credit?
hi justin! thank you for asking.  yes the limited edition puppet in the 3500 tier is a fully articulated stop motion puppet that is used in the actual film.
is the limited edition puppet (3,500) a production puppet actually used in the filming of the movie?
hi raymond! we won't know the answer to that until distribution but we're taking everything into account.  thanks for asking.
how are you handling regions for blu-ray/dvd?  do we just choose what region we want after the kickstarter finishes, or will they be region-free?
hi marko! well our logo was actually based off the pizza box guy but he is similar  to the vegeta guy.  thanks for asking.
the logo of starburn industries looks really like http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vegeta_(food) is this intentional?
embarrassed that i'm only just now hearing about this project. best of luck, fellas! here's to artists taking creative control of their own projects.
i wish donald was alive to sign the script :(
thank you melissa!!!
if i'm in the $1000 tier, do i get the chuck taylors?
hi everyone! we have had a few questions about the poster, the script, the hoodie, and special thanks. long story short, here are some options :) 1.  we added the $350 superstar tier that includes the poster, the script, and the hoodie. 2. if you were interested in the having the poster and the special thanks, here is what we can do: a.) open a second ks account with a second email address and have two different pledges or b.) pledge for the combined amount for the two distinct rewards and send us an email and we'll make a note of it. and the shoes are on their way, sorry for the delay. thank you for your comments and especially your support!!!
amazing video presentation you have my backing! i hope you guys raise a million dollars!  more people with the industry need to be able to do  projects away from larger studios and have there artistic freedom! more power to you guys!
hi, in the last update you said there would be a tier with chuck taylor shoes in. i want 'em!!! eheh... are you planning to make 'em available?!
hi lisa: there are two ways for you to get both the script and the poster: 1.  opening a second kickstarter account with a second email address and pledge for each reward.    or  2. the 350 reward level has the script, the poster, and the hoodie hope this helps and thank you!
is there a way to ensure i get both the pendleton ward poster as well as the signed script? i bumped to the 200 level reward but would like to get the script as well. will there be a reward tier for both?
hit the roof, heading for the moon. congrats!
i'm really hoping the digital download is an h264 mkv... or at the absolute least, drm free. otherwise i'll be one angry linux user. i'm pretty excited about this project, though!
i love this stop animation stuff.  i just backed for the blu ray.  well worth it.
kristi and tom:  i'm having the same problem.  i want the $150 and $200 award, but ks won't seem to allow it.  keep me posted should you learn anything.  please.  thank you.
if i go to the $200-300 level for the poster or sweatshirt, will i still get the signed script? if not, can you add something like that so i could get both poster/sweatshirt and signed script? thanks!
is there a way to ensure i get both the pendleton ward poster as well as the signed script?  i bumped to the 200 level reward but would like to get the script as well.  will there be a reward tier for both?
payoff=kickback. ah, shit. semantics and shit.
i don't know how many characters are inside of the story, all ready. i don't know if you've started recording good shit yet. i would love to be a part of it. maybe a payoff could be an audition for a voice part. many would like that opportunity, probably. i know i would.
...er, i meant charlie kaufman. well, i'm a fan of andy kaufman too, but that's probably not too relevant for this project. still excited and backing. also need more coffee... ;-)
i love everything andy kaufman ever did, and love stop-motion. awesome intro vid too! very happy to be a backer, and very excited to see what happens next. :-)
awesome. what a cool opportunity! i _loved_ the community xmas episode, so adding in the creative genius that is andy kaufman, i was sold immediately. if you want to start offereing community stop motion puppets (even just copies of the puppets) i'd be upping my pledge :)
this is gonna be awesome.
i'm very happy to contribute to this project! thanks for making it this way. i'm a great fan of stop-motion and of charlie kaufman so this project looks amazing already! keep with the good work!
this project makes me happy
congrats on reaching the goal!
i really hope whoever won the script written by dan harmon will post it on reddit.com/r/community because we would love to read it.
any idea who the composer for this project will be?
i never hear of any of those involved -- it looks amazing, though! but . . . what's it about?
heard about this via g4's "attack of the show" tonight and couldn't wait to back it. three of my favorite creative talents working on the same project? yes, please.
heard about this on the steve dahl podcast - happy to be a backer.  ~lisa
what i'd like to see in an update once the goal has been reached is a budget - show us how you're planning to do this on such a relatively tiny budget.
that bearded puppet had me sold the minute he opened his mouth.
i'm really looking forward to seeing the film!  can you share any more details of the story?
that charlie kaufman ? ... ok , i'm on board !
so how does the blu ray work at the higher tiers? i selected the $75, do i have to add $10 to my pledge?
awesome project. one thing that would improve this would be a long-form behind the scenes documentary. not a little 10-minute interview piece, a 40-minute-plus 'fly on the wall' documentary, showing us how an independent, crowd funded animation comes together. take a look at the robot chicken extras. they're great, but with the independence of crowd-funding, you can have so much more creative freedom. grab some interns, and get them filming stuff. if we're trusting you with our money, getting to know the people behind the production, and seeing exactly how you do it would be an enormous benefit. for further reference, take a look at the excellent double fine adventure documentary series.
holy hell! i didn't even need to think once about supporting this one... charlie kaufman, dan harmon and the morel orel guy? and for a mere $150 i get a script signed by my favorite screenwriter?! the brain that inspires me to write my own story while jumping through portals that lead to kristi majni dopplegangers who dance to music written by brilliant puppet masters on the kristi majni, llc payroll who shoot portals on the dance floor to trip me up and lead me  back to a gigantic kristi majni sitting on the living room couch, sculpting a tiny temporary kristi majni head out of pliable clay for use in the kristi majni animation based off the famous children's book "where the kristi majnis are". i don't know. discovering this project may just bankrupt kristi majni, llc if it doesn't end soon. then i'll have to sell my charlie kaufman script to pay for a ticket to go see the charlie kaufman movie.
go charlie kaufman! my favourite filmmaker ever. i hope you also manage to finish your other 2 film projects soon, as they are the films i am the most anxiously awaiting to see.
kind of takes away the exclusivity of it for those who got there first, doesn't it? people need to accept when a tier gets sold out. it's part of the whole point of rewarding the backers with something exclusive.
@ marco wiersch i am outside the us so it wouldn't be possible for me to claim the studio tour. i would gladly up my pledge to a similar tier, however, if it involved more digital or internationally-shippable goodies plus all of the above.
@marco wiersch i work a lot and can't afford to travel for a studio tour, nor would i take that away from somebody who could and would want to.
@adam brocklehurst and other international backers: i was able to amend my pledge to account for the $15 s&h surcharge without losing my prize (at least, this appears to be the case).
@ arbo, chris murphy, joe wong: did you see that you still can pledge 250$, for which you will get the studio tour and the script?
hi kickstarters!!! in all of the excitement of going live we misspelled our very own twitter handle.  duh! we are actually @anomalisamovie. please follow us on twitter.  sorry about the confusion and as always, thank you! the typo was caught by one of our supporters, steve schroeder.  thanks steve!
very excited to be a backer, but also quite disappointed i missed out on the scripts...
big fan of all your works. can't wait for this to be made!
same boat as arbo...wanted to pledge for a script (i've met charlie kaufman and am a huge fan) but sold out by the time i had an opportunity to log in. :( the second you guys offer more signed scripts, count me to up my pledge!
nuts... i really wanted that signed script... sold out so fast i even hadn't time to come home from work and pledge   :-( wouldn't you please add another $151 tier (or higher) so we can have a second chance?
yes!!! i can't wait for this movie and any and all future starburns industries, inc. projects!
ummm...i'm an international backer so i have to add $15, but i picked the signed script tier which is now sold out.  can i still change my pledge amount (to add $15) without losing the script?!
i'm excited for this project! i have a quick question though, is the studio tour for one person, or can we bring a guest? thanks!
the best creative mind in film working with the best creative minds in tv? i'm pretty certain this will be my favourite thing ever. definitely turning my pockets out to be a part of this and make it happen!
sorry for the delayed response everyone. here are some faqs: 1.  international backers please add an additional $15usd for s&h 2.  for the tech specs on digital downloads and dvd and blu ray regions, sit tight we are working that out. 3.  scripts will be signed by charlie kaufman our team is headed to san diego comic con to spread the word but we will try to respond to yours comments/questions as best as we can. thank you for your patience and once again thank you for your support.
how about some more premiere screenings!!!!!!
now that there's a blu ray tier coming, will the download be hd or sd? 720p would be a nice middle of the road.
omg dan harmon and charlie kaufman... "is this you being meta?"
any chance my dvd and signed script could be an "extended extended cut" with exclusive christian bale commentary and 4 words disparaging somebody at nbc on my signed script? much appreciated..:))
one more vote for blu ray!
just to add my voice to the "i would raise my pledge for a blu ray" in addition can i ask if the dvds and potential blu ray's would be region free?
even though i'm a recent college grad and my diet consists of ramen, spaghettios, and diet water (preemptive diabetes measure) i am now happy to add dd&c claymation collaboration to my menu. thanks starburns and friends for being cooltastic!
this is great: http://netzfeuilleton.de/2012/07/ich-realisiere-charlie-kaufmans-nachsten-film/
i pledged because i love the work of dino, dan and charlie, and i believe in what they're doing. i also assume this is the easiest way to hang out with starburns, laser fart and donald's brother at the same time.
i love creator owned content, i am glad to preorder my digital copy for 20 bucks. this movie has such a great pedigree i'm more than excited to see it.
when the guy who gave me 'eternal sunshine of the spotless mind' and the guy who gave the world 'community' want me to give them money for a stop motion movie that will not have any voice acting by jada pinkett-smith, denis leary, or redfoo of lmfao, they get it.
moral orel is one of my favorite tv shows. i'm very happy to pledge to this project.,
um, holy shiz... was more than 25% of the goal just raised in under 24 hours?  #bigboyballerstatus
i would also like to humbly request a blu-ray option, as i am a pretty devout convert to the chosen format. either way, this thing is going to be crazy amazing, and i cannot wait to see it!
this is amazing. i can't wait to see this.
a few others have asked for this already, but i'd also raise my pledge for a blu-ray copy instead of dvd.
can you let us know if their will be additional costs for international postage and packaging? you may not have thought of this but many other projects add these and i don't want you guys to end up forking extra cash for p+p when it could go into making this awesome project.
shut up and take my money!!
can i get this on lazer disc?
just wanted to drop in again and say: even if you can't accommodate requests for blu ray or download, what i have pledged as of now is enthusiastically and proudly given. i don't mean to sound picky or be a pain at all.
given that there is no digital downloading service from amazon in the uk, what are backers in the uk supposed to do about that?
a digital download would be preferred as well, my dvd player is currently holding my bookshelf up, and i fear plugging it back in and opening the feed tray will cause a loss in structural integrity.
amazing project here! no way i can't back this! what is the estimated length of the film?
another call for blu ray or (better, imo) high quality digital download instead of (or in addition to) dvd. also: great team! great project! happy to support :)
i look forward to seeing this project.
i agree with dan on both counts. i was hoping for a bd.
i'd up my pledge for a blu ray. also, no mention of synecdoche new york in the video? weak!
would you consider adding a digital download of the film (after distribution would be fine, similar to the dvd)?
