@kay it looks like your survey hasn't been filled out, i just sent one to the email you provided us. i'll also followup personally via email. nick, ceo dash robotics
i have never received my robots. i am backer 537. can you please let me know when i can expect to receive the robots?
@james, our records show your robot has been shipped... i'll ping you on messages to figure out the details. thanks for your patience and sorry for any inconvenience.
just wondering if the international shipping start yet? its been a very long time after the domestic shipping
@stephanie thanks so much! we're really glad you like them. if you have any problems please just email us at contact@dashrobotics.com. merci!
i received my pack here in france! the robots are doing great and are a lot of fun. thank you guys! i'll contact you for some slight issues i have while playing with the little critters :) thanks again for you great job!
@reed our records show your reward shipped 5 days ago. it's likely still in transit. if you don't see it soon let us know. the best way to contact us is to email contact@dashrobotics.com. thanks for your support!
hmm... i am an international backer, guess i should not be surprised that i haven't received anything yet. hopefully, it will arrive soon, as in, this year? thank you.
@paul just send you an email, we'll get it sorted out.
hi. please help. usps shows that they returned my order. what do i need to do?
@happy-accidents looks like you got everything you needed...lemme email you :)
i received my 3 robots but only 2 of the accessory kits.
sorry, it should of course be: ... *don't* use ups ...
for shipping to europe please use ups or similar companies as they add excessive charges for handling the customs procedure. it's much better to use normal mail services even if the shipping time would be a little longer.
@than it looks like you haven't completed your backerkit survey yet. i'll reach out via email.
@gilbert so sorry about the delay and that you're disappointed. we're working on shipping more units every day. we try to update every two weeks, and always show progress. i wish we could ship to all the backers at once but the fact is that final assembly is a big step in the manufacturing and it just takes time. update to come today (1 day ahead of schedule).
oh, please...an update, or better yet a delivery.  waited very, very patiently and understandingly all this time but must now vent.  relatively early backer (#108) with a dynamite duo pledge.  excitement in my child has waned after building up to a march delivery.  i understood getting more single units out to more backers, but i didn't expect this much longer to wait after giving more support (2 units).  i am sure we will again be excited and pleased with our kamigamis (as we were with our dash) once we receive them, but i am disappointed in the administration and delivery of the product and expected better execution from fellow cal alums.
i am backer 554, would you guys check please? i haven't received mine. thank you.
@dash robotics, i am backer 107 and i still haven't received mine. can you please provide an update?
@ion so sorry to hear that. i've put some instructions below, also feel free to email us at contact@dashrobotics.com the android and ios apps are both compatible with the latest firmware so this is probably a bug in the android app, which is (unfortunately) still in beta. please give this a try: on your android phone, turn off bluetooth and wait 10 seconds. then turn bluetooth back on and restart the app. let us know if that helps, and please tell us which android phone you have and which version of android it’s running so we can debug the problem. thanks!
@aarphacker so glad to hear! thanks for the good review :)
the android app worked great or if the box,  but the ios app upgraded the robots' firmware,  which (i believe) rendered the android app unable to connect. so... it's my guess you won't be able to switch back and forth between app platforms until the android app is updated
i received mine, built it and it is wonderful. fantastic robot kit with easy pairing to bluetooth. five stars!
@ion ahhhhh i wish our shipping were that precise ;) backerkit actually doesn't work off of backer number, and we generally build and ship a bunch of units at once. so we may build a ton of musubi and then ship out for example. sorry i can't guarantee a shipping order at this time :-/ our logistics are not yet up to par with amazon ;)
@dash robotics so, if you've shipped to 208 backers, and i'm backer 283, and starting thursday you'll be putting out 50 per day....
@tom so glad to hear that. we really appreciate the feedback, it makes all the hard work worthwhile!
received mine late last week and have been using the beta android app to control it.  very happy with how it turned out and continues to evolve.  clearly no shortage of innovation and creativity concerning both concept and execution.  i’ve been showing it off around work and everyone wants one for their kids (or themselves)!  awesome job to all involved!
@guy thanks! we're doing our best. i'm at the airport flying to our manufacturer now to speed things up. will keep updating everyone!
@creator - just wanted to say thank you for the ever-consistent communications and transparency.  keep up the great work! :)
@mr. t - it's compatible with 4.4 or higher
what version of andoid os will it be compatible with?
@ion - as i mentioned in the update it's going to take us a few weeks to push these things out. we're still smoothing out the supply chain and are working on improving it. i promise you that shipping out all the kickstarter orders is what i want most :) we've shipped to 208 backers so far, and have over 400 to go. i'm actually flying out to our manufacturer next week to try to figure out how to pick up the pace. please watch the updates for more info. sorry we can't get them out sooner, we're pushing hard!
@mr. t - unfortunately the ipad2 doesn't have bluetooth low energy hardware. btle is much better than bluetooth, for connectivity, functionality, development, etc. we didn't want an awkward, slow pairing process so we went with btle.
our six-year-old is very interested in receiving our pair of robots, at the $99 level  and since your last update,  i've been telling him we can expect them this week. should i reset expectations? we're in brooklyn.
wait... the app isn't compatible with ipad 2's!!!??? ahh, i have a personal ipad mini, 24 ipad 2's, and 3 kamigami's...
@bobbie yes, we've been in contact via email now. thanks.
i hate to ask this, however, could i please receive my pledge back? i thought i could get a smart phone to play with my robot but now that is out of my budget. my pledge was $49. thank you, and i do apologise.
@kimkeonsik the international kits will be shipping later than the other kits. our best current guess is late june. we'll keep you updated!
when can i receive my kamigami? i choose $120 level.
@mr. t - we were selling kamigami to our kickstarter backers for a way lower price, since they helped get us where we are. now that we're launching, we're matching market price for other stem toys and the few other programmable robots out there (although we are still less expensive than almost all.) if you're interested in getting more than 1, we are planning on doing a package discount. i could potentially arrange that for you now before it's even on the market. how many were you looking to buy?
how come the retail value in the store is $99? on the campaign, it says $69. just wondering, because i want to try them out and maybe get more.
@gilbert we can't wait to ship, trust us! the software is not cross-compatible, since the robots have totally different electronics :-/
too much time on my hands waiting for the dynamite duo. we have a dash. does the kamigami software app work with the dash?  if so, does it do any more for the dash like greater control or anything else?
@christopher sorry about that! we're overdue for an update, i've been traveling but i'm back now and plan on posting one tomorrow. cheers, nick kohut, ceo, dash robotics, inc.
any updates/news/info?
@dash robotics i've supported several technology products through kickstarter, and nobody ships close to their projected date. that's feedback for kickstarter -- they should have strongly discouraged you from offering early shipping as a premium. i didn't order early shipping, i'm just touched by @teresa williams story of woe.
@teresa i totally understand your frustration, and i apologize for not being able to get you a robot sooner. due to the nature of crowdfunding (we're doing our best as a small team to bring an entirely new product and manufacturing process to life), we usually would hesitate to do refunds based on delays, but i understand your position. we'll grant you the $10 refund, and if any other backers at the $59 level feel the same way please email contact@dashrobotics.com.
since i'm in the extra late $59 tier that is only going to be delivered now 2 weeks before the $49 tier, is there any compensation for this?  extra stuff or refund of the extra $10?
@natalia thanks for your comment! we're so glad you like the robot.
we've received and assembled our bot. we're looking forward to the programming option(s).  thanks for a great educational toy!
@jedd awesome! we're testing the programming internally right now. we'll post an update once we're ready for beta testers.
got mine - put it together very cool.. my kids are really into it. (and me too) can't wait to see the app develop so we can program it too, but thanks for this, great project
@philip glad to hear! hope you like it, let us know how it goes at contact@dashrobotics.com
goi it :-)  yesterday in mail box. in perfect condition. thank you ! sparks nv
@mike we look to be about 2 months behind for the $49, $99, $139, and $450 pledges. this would mean we expect to ship in may instead of the promised march. it is difficult however, to put an exact timeline on things, since our issue with the chassis printing is currently unresolved. rather than pin down an exact shipping date i'd rather note that we're working to resolve the problem as quickly as we can (without compromising quality or taking an absolute bath on cost). we'll be sending out updates every two weeks or so, and if you have specific questions you can always contact us at contact@dashrobotics.com. thanks for your support and patience! i hope this all seems reasonable.
what is the status on the $49 level backers?
@gilbert i'll be posting an update with more details tomorrow, but we've had an issue with printing on the chassis that we're currently trying to sort out. the good news is that the shells look to be in pretty good shape now. overall we may be a month or two behind, my apologies. more details to follow.
when you said: "the dynamic duo were slated to ship sometime in march... but it doesn't currently look like we'll hit that.", does that mean "probably not" in march but more like april? :-(
@huan the dynamic duo were slated to ship sometime in march... but it doesn't currently look like we'll hit that. please follow our updates for the latest news.
any time frame on getting the $99 dynamic duo pledges shipped? it didn't make my nephews birthday a two weeks ago, and i'd hate to make him wait months more for a gift =(
@john thanks john! you could always give him another kamigami so they can battle ;) we're really glad your nephew liked it.
i just got the chance to give my nephew his present this weekend, he loves it. i don't know how i'm going to beat this for christmas, good thing i have 10 months to figure it out.
@patrick, we're building for ios (apple) and android. however, when the $59 early shipping rewards go out, we will only have an ios app. for the wider release (all other rewards) we'll have android as well.
was just reading latest update and had a question. is this only being built for apple and not android??
@klaus great! we do plan on releasing the bluetooth protocol to allow people to build their own controllers if desired.
great, thank you very much. i'll just adjust my not yet finished survey accordingly. very excited and still hoping for an additional api (no matter the programming language).
@klaus - i just manually added another robot to your order. i put musubi (blue) as the shell, let me know if you would like something else.
so i got the 'response needed' email today. i pledged 200$ as international backer but cannot add the third robot in that survey - what now?
@john shoot us an email at contact@dashrobotics.com thanks
any chance to get it in the middle of the month instead of the end of the month, this was purchased as a gift for my younger nephew.
@todd glad the building and playing went well! we will be adding software functionality over the next few months, we'll let you know when we do.
ours arrived in time for christmas. my 12 year old son had a lot of fun putting it together and playing it. the instructions and design for assembly is superb!  we now wished we had ordered two because it is not as much fun by itself with the present level of software functionality. i'm sure with updates he will be able to do more creative things with it. todd olsen
@john i just posted an update, check it out :) we're on track to ship this month, just have a few important things to take care of first.
any update as to when these will ship in january?
the shell is cute, but it hides the true beauty of this project - the pop-up chassis! i don't mean with all the electronics and such, i mean just the printed part, the black origami part that pops up, with the legs: https://ksr-ugc.imgix.net/assets/004/723/833/5b4690aee30e3327cced2ecf8c67261e_original.jpg…
@amy - thanks so much for your interest and support! unfortunately, the chassis is not currently available as a standalone reward. we do have a really fun memento with our kamigami decorative ornament reward where you'll get a miniature version of the shell of one of our characters (musubi) and a decal. hope that works for you. thanks again!
can i pledge $10 just for the chassis? it'd make a cool little memento!
okay... i have pledged 200$, aka 120$+20$+60$. apparently it becomes (for international backer): - 3 kamigami robot kits - 2 ramps - 2 additional character shells - 2 kamigami decals thank you. i might have pledged more, but i am not fan of drag-and-drop-only...
@ klaus and steve - yes, unfortunately it will be drag and drop only for the foreseeable future. @ steve - if you'd like a spare chassis please add $10 to your pledge and leave a note. i will note we've never seen a joint fatigue failure over many hours of use. the chassis material is a plastic-fabric composite, and the fabric is the only part that bends and it sees very little stress. but we're happy to provide extras!
@christopher - we're actually not looking at stretch goals at this moment because our main focus is on the production of our robots and app. our top priority is to deliver kamigami on time in the hands of our supporters. thanks for your support!
oh yeah, another question, any chance we can pledge extra for a spare 'chassis' (the fold-up body including the legs) or two? i'm willing to trust that the electronics will keep working, but i'm a little concerned that the joints in the body are likely to wear out.
as klaus asked - will we be able to use a real language as well? drag and drop is fine for simple stuff, but as soon as you want to do anything complex it really gets in the way.
so there's only one question left - will we be able to program kamigami with a programing language like c? or is it a drag&drop development environment only?
@ reed, @klause: we understand your frustration and we really wish shipping abroad were easier. as a startup it can be very difficult to move products overseas for a variety of reasons. expected retail price of the kamigami are $69 each without the extra shells and ramps included in the international backer pack, so we have tried to make the international reward a great deal. if you would like to add additional robots to your pledge, please add $60 per desired robot (no additional shipping required) to your pledge, and we will make sure you get the right amount of bots in shipping. for example, if you would like 3 robots, please pledge $200 ($140+$60). if you would like 10 robots, please pledge $540 (as that provides one "free" robot, as in the domestic classpack reward). we really appreciate your feedback and your support!
dear dash, i don't understand why you discriminate against international backers. you see, for a duo of robots, domestic backer pledges 99+, including shipping, while international backer pledges 140+, including shipping. it does not seem fair. if shipping is that expensive (fragile objects, or something), then reflect it in 100-for-object plus 40-for-shipping. current 120-for-object plus 20-for-shipping springs an unexpected surprise onto the backer... and i would greatly like to get 10 kamigami robots, aka classroom pack. alas, i am an international backer...
dash team, any stretch goals in mind? �
ok, there's one thing i don't understand - why an international pledge (for a considerably higher price) when you still add shipping costs? and another question: will i be able to add another kamigami for an additional 40 bucks (as people living in the us have with "the ultimate team" as opposed to "dynamite duo")? aaaand yet another question: beside the drag&drop programming interface - will there be a possibility to program these little beauties in a traditional way (perhaps in c/c++)? seems x-mas will come late spring / early summer 2016 for me ...
@mr. t - the $59 orders will ship in january, and at this time we don't plan to send out the $49 orders earlier. setting things up this way helps us test our manufacturing in a staged manner that's very useful from an engineering standpoint. and as for the customizable shell templates - we definitely have that in our pipeline and will let you know when it's available. thanks for backing us and for sharing with your buddies! we hope this gets funded too! ;)
@k - just want to make sure you saw our new reward tier - international backer. we had an overwhelming amount of requests for international shipping so we created a new reward for our international backers. we have set a delivery date for may 2016 to give us time to get the safety certifications necessary for shipping to your country. if you are still interested in getting your own kamigami robots, please back us under the "international backer" reward.
yay i just ordered 3! if you don't reach 1,000 of the $59 ones by the end, will you ship any of the other ones in january? also, just curious, can you put digital file of the character shell template up, so we can create our own? i told all of the tech teachers i know, posted on twitter, and on iste communities. i really hope this gets funded! :-)
please share with your friends - https://www.facebook.com/kamigamitoyrobots/
@john - our current manufacturing/production timeline is targeting january 2016 delivery. unfortunately, we can't promise delivery before christmas. however, if anything changes in our production timeline that may move up our delivery date, we'll be sure to let you know. thanks for your interest & support!
any chance to get them before christmas, so i can give it out as a present?
@k - thank you so much for your interest! unfortunately we are not shipping outside of the us or canada at this moment. it is difficult for a company of our size to complete all the safety certifications for different countries. however, we do want to bring kamigami to the world, so plase stay in touch with us by signing up with our email newsletter on www.kamigamirobots.com and/or follow us on facebook/twitter and we'll make sure you know as soon as we are selling internationally. we'll try to get to you asap!
@anula check it out here! https://www.ted.com/talks/robert_full_the_secrets_of_nature_s_grossest_creatures_channeled_into_robots…  we're featured very close to the end.
have i correctly understood that there was a ted talk about the robots? could we get a link to it?
@creator.. why there is no option for international shipping?? i live in dubai, united arab emirates...any chance to get this...please reply asap as early birds are disappearing fast!
@john - thanks, robots are awesome! @alex - great idea! we are already exploring other shells/characters and will definitely take your feedback in consideration.
can you make a pink one? or one that looks a bit cuddly and like a pet? my niece would love this, but if i give her one that looks like the ones in the video she'll ask me why i gave her a boy's toy. (i've learned from prior birthday presents i gave her that had blue/red-type theme colors.) there are very few toys that teach stem skills and are targeted towards girls, and i've already given her all the goldieblox sets! and this is cooler than goldieblox :)
met the team at the hacker dojo in silicon valley. awesome idea! i love robots as you can see http://www.solarsystemexpress.com/uploads/5/0/6/0/5060129/uah_pdr_presentation_final.pdf
