i have left a support enquiry and received not response other than a auto-generated email. i have a pitted chrome scoop that needs replacing and i m missing a second scoop pledged?
hello belle-v-team, i am still missing my 2nd scoop - i recieved one at some point but i'm still waiting for the other one. are there any news about the timing? thank you!
i have ever received mine
message from 21 november 14. gold and silver backers: we are sending you an interim scoop to get you through the holidays. your precious-metal version will follow as soon as we received them back from the plater. as a silver backer i did receive the interim scoop, i have never received my precious-metal version. any update on this?
any updates?
recebi hoje a colher. Ótima, excelente, de qualidade muito superior a qualquer outra que já comprei ou utilizei antes. firme ao pegar, boa empunhadura, passa segurança ao usar, com peso ideal. forte, podendo aplicar força para retirar as sorvete até dos mais gelados sem problemas como amassar ou dobrar, não precisa ter dó do produto. parabêns a todos os envolvido na confecção da belle-v.
rh: totally understand! we provided a follow-up update yesterday, too. hochiminh: i see your name in the tracking file for next-gen chrome shipments dispatched a few weeks ago. let me dig up your tracking info and follow up in a private email.
hey guys, hope you are doing well on this holiday. but i have a concern, i'm still missing one of my scoops. i pledged for two and all i received is the black one. i would love to hear where is the other one. thanks in advance!
thanks guys, it's great to get some explanations and know you're looking into it! not hearing anything, and getting canned responses a couple of weeks after sending an email to help was a bit of a blow :)
hi rachel, we thought shipping internationally would be the same as shipping within the united states; i.e., we enter an address; print a label; fix it to a box; and drop it off at the post office. i mean, how hard could that be? turns out shipping internationally is tricky -- and in hindsight it was a challenge we were not ready for because usps provides us with limited information once the package leaves the usa. this makes it hard for us locate shipments that are detained by customs; delivered to a wrong address or lost by a postal carrier. this isn't presented as an excuse, just an explanation of why shipping internationally was harder than we expected. all that matters here is that you get your scoop. i will follow up with you in a private message to ensure you get yours.
christophe, at least you've received your scoop :/ i am still waiting. i followed the instructions for a stainless steel scoop, and heard nothing back. yesterday (or close to) i got a canned help response. suspect this means i'll not even receive the scoop i asked for :/ to be honest, i'm really not that impressed with the whole experience. come on guys. sub-par experience.
well, i finally received my scoop. i pledged for it to be in time for christmas 2013, it just made it for christmas 2014. this is not entirely unexpected on kickstarter, but a 2000% overshoot in the delivery time is somewhat extraordinary nevertheless. what has annoyed me especially during the whole process is that for us backers, a free extra non-chrome scoop was provided as an apology for the delay. international backers just had to sit it out and wait for a year. that is not excusable by any means, and the main reason why i will not be recommending your product to anyone. it is a great product, but the customer service is completely pants.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
chris: thank you for the comment and glad you are able to enjoy the extra scoop! happy holidays! -- alan
jose: i learned that a member of our team has been in touch with you throughout the past two weeks about your chrome scoop. i am sorry to learn there is an unresolved issued with your black scoop; and we are sorry to hear of your frustrations with the project. as indicated in our project updates, we had to overcome many unexpected challenges to meet our high quality standards. timelines stretched well beyond all of our expectations. but believe we hit our benchmark and all next-gen chrome scoops, including yours, have been shipped to backers. we do our best to respond to every incoming email in a timely fashion. we appreciate how all of our backers have given us an opportunity to work through a substantial learning curve with our help desk. now we can keep up with as many as 100 customer service requests each week. shipping internationally also proved challenging during the first half of our kickstarter campaign. like with other aspects of our project, we learned from the process and grew our capabilities. next week we will launch international shipping to the public on belle-v.com. if you have any further questions, please continue to work with help@belle-v.com or email us your phone number or skype name so we can arrange a time to have a chat. thank you, alan
jesse: glad to hear you like the appearance of the belle-v ice cream scoop. we are sorry to hear that its performance did not meet your expectations. our team put a lot of effort into the design and testing of the ice cream scoop to optimize its function. most of our customers find the scoop’s performance to be exceptional. i sent you a private email seeking to learn more about your experience. my aim is to make this right and ensure your complete satisfaction. thank you for supporting our project.
received my chrome scoop in the mail! despite the punch on the handle (main complaint when i received my black scoop) alan promised me a chrome scoop, when it became available. alan kept his promise and the chrome finish turned out nicely. thanks belle-v for the extra scoop!
also regretting to have back up this..i've been waiting for months for my chrome scoop and now they telling i've alredy received it sending a tracking number that is not valid!i've pledged to  receive 2 scoops ,my first option was the matte silver finish and had to get a  black one with lots of imperfections and wait for the chrome...now thay are selling the chromes and still haven't dispatched mine...and telling have received both when no international backer ave receive chrome scoops...they keep saying to contact support through email but all i get is inconsistent replies with no progress....what a nightmare :-(
this is one of those projects i regret backing. i've had my 1st run chrome scoop for nearly a year and while it looks amazing, the design is very poor when used for hard ice cream that is kept very cold. the scoop doesn't transfer enough of the force from the handle into the ice cream and you end up with scoop end flipping down or your wrist turning over.
some of the scoops have shipped. a second batch of scoops cleared customs yesterday and are in transit to our warehouse for processing and shipment. home stretch!
update just posted: assuming there are no delays with customs, next-generation chrome scoops will be in our warehouse and ready for shipment next weekend.
glad the scoop arrived and thanks again for your support and patience....now let's see the scoop in action!  tag us on social media @bellevkitchen
left hand stainless steel scoop delivered  - sydney australia. beautiful finish but a long wait.
we posted an update on timing of chrome scoops, precious metal scoops and leftie scoops.
alanoud: your scoop should have arrived over a month ago.  i will contact you through our customer help portal to further assist you.
lim and matt: we just posted an update that production has resumed, new samples are en route to the usa for a quality check and the update has a revised timeline.  yes, we expect you will receive them well before christmas.  alanoud: chrome scoops have not shipped to international customers. for tracking assistance for your black scoop, please email help@belle-v.com. thanks all for your continued patience and support.
still did not get mine :(
what's happening? it's been a month and no updates? can i expect my scoop by christmas?
any updates guys on revised timeline? i understand their was an explosion but that was 21 days ago at a different factory. an update would be appreciated as some of us who have been waiting patiently are starting to become a little impatient
this dude is a joke. how pathetic!!
sorry, i take that back. their website is still active.
and their website is dead. its getting a bit annoying supporting kickstarter projects. more like a lottery than backing a project.
i really want to believe that is the reason for the delay.....but i don't.
we have been responding to a crisis for the last couple of weeks. there was an explosion at a general motors factory in the same city as our ice cream scoop factory. 68 workers were killed and 200 more were injured. fortunately, everyone on our team is safe. our deepest sympathies go out to the victims. i just posted an update which discusses the incident and impact on our schedule. sorry for yet another delay. we are doing everything within our power to get the outstanding pledges produced and shipped as soon as we can.
a month has passed and the promise of another update "soon" is yet to be met. yet another kickstarter project turns bad.
any updates on the chrome?
hi all. black scoops shipped last month and an update on the status of chrome and leftie scoops posted last night. thx much! bvk
any updates on the chrome? i'm glad i opted to get the test one as i love the product but would like the chrome one with the correct finish
time marches on. can you please advise the status of the left handed model.
hi there. i sent you a message about a change of address before my scoop was shipped but you have never replied? can you confirm please? thanks
i got my scoop today, i ordered 2 but only got 1  i am using a shipment forwarding company, and now i will have to pay again for shipping when i receive the next scoop :( i wish that you have waited and shipped both together.
hi backers, we are dedicated to the quality and craftsmanship of every belle-v ice cream scoop. if you have any comments or questions about the scoop you received, please email our customer service team at contact@belle-v.com. best regards, belle-v kitchen
lim: we post an update soon regarding the timing of chrome and left-handed scoop shipments. matthew and brian: please check your personal email for a message from customer service.
my spoon arrived last night. its very beautiful and packaging is superb. my only criticism is that the logo on the handle is actually slightly off center and i also have imperfections on my scoop. overall i love the design and design however for the price i had hoped for a nicer finish.
got my black scoop last week. very light weight and ergonomic. very impressed! :)
functionally fine, works great; but the teflon finish is littered with specks right where my thumb goes, and there are imperfections on the underside of the scoop in the metal. slightly disappointed but all in all a nice utensil. expectations set too high i guess. only wish i could buff out the bumps and pock marks but that would ruin the coating!
i'm from singapore and i backed a chrome scoop. is it coming anytime?
i received my chrome scoop today but not my color scoop. they are supposed to ship separately right?
just got my scoop!  works really well, feels luxurious and is a beautiful piece of design!  congratulations and thanks!
i think it looks pretty fine, actually.  i'll be able to test it out shortly! thank you!
the detail at the bottom of the scoop is required to apply finishes to the scoop. this was mentioned in the risks and challenges section on the bottom of the home page. a small hole was drilled into the solid handle. it's just a few millimeters deep. apparatus used to help finish the scoop (i.e., add the black teflon coating) held the scoop from inside this small hole. after the finishing process was complete a small plug was put into the hole to protect the finish.  the core of the handle remains solid without any inserts, liquids or fillers. here is the copy from the risks and challenges section on the bottom of the home page: we learned the process used to apply finishes to our prototypes was not optimized for volume production. to address this issue, we are adding a small detail on the end of the scoop that accommodates volume manufacturing needs while preserving design integrity. we believe we have a solution, however, fully implementing this detail has the potential to impact future delivery dates.
received mine yesterday. great piece of workmanship. wish it was gun metal but not complaining.
handle shouldn't have been filled according to belle-v. - "we are especially proud that belle-v ice cream scoops have solid cores with no inserts, liquids or fillers. this yields a single form that is both elegant and durable."
is that a punch indent or is that a plug where the handle was filled?
hi belle-v team, i've also received my scoop just today and was sad to find a large punch mark on the underside of the handle as well as a sharp and unfinished portion of the scoop rim. i realize these just shipped out this week but please let us know if there will be an option to replace damaged scoops. thanks very much, evan
got my scoop today! cuts into my ice cream with ease!
received my black scoop today... found a huge punch indent on the bottom handle. also paint blemishes on the b/v icon. not happy.
the first few black scoops shipped out today. most will ship out next week. happy weekend!
hi all, see today's update, which shares the news that customs released the black scoops. these will ship to all backers who selected ebony, frost or gun metal gray. an update on the status of next-generation chrome scoops will follow soon.
cannot wait for my gun metal grey scoop!
any more news? we’re almost in june. i think you said you'd be shipping mid-may?
thanks for getting back to me! i look forward to my scoop and any future endeavors. i promise not to be such a pain as i was! :)
atta boy! keep up the good work!!! very excited about the belle-v
hi.  i'm interested in seeing the results for the testing done on the scoop.  specifically, the laboratory test results for the chrome plated scoop.  or do you have those data already posted somewhere?  thanks.
i see that you made the may issue of real simple magazine - congratulations! i would like to address my concern - it may be just me and everyone is happy to have what they're offered. yes, i may have chosen the gray scoop as my second choice. but that was by default because i only wanted the silver. the silver would have been my first, second, third, and final choice. so. can i wait until you figure out the silver scoop? i'm starting to get frustrated with your answer of take what you get and be happy with it.
please answer my questions. regardless of backer choice, we are all receiving charcoal/gray??? what if i don't want charcoal/gray? can i wait until you figure out the silver i want?
hi jennifer, we posted an update last month resetting the ship date for right-handed color scoops to may. we are still finalizing the ship dates for the chrome scoops.  you can read the update here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/belle-v/belle-v-ice-cream-scoop/posts/768686  we will follow-up with another update very soon. all best, belle-v
hello. there have been no updates as to the ice scream scoop... and it's nearing the end of march, i had thought that the scoops would have been sent out by now... no?
hi all, we are nearing completion of third-party tests on the durability of each finish. based on the results volume manufacturing of the ice cream scoops will begin shortly. stay tuned for a project update on the test results and estimated ship dates for scoops in color finishes; scoops in chrome, the left-handed scoop and shipments to customers outside the usa. all best, alan
when's the international backers going to get their scoops?
any updates you want to fill us in on?
way too early update request. is the mfg process starting this month or next?
dear belle-v, my friend is leaving for portugal for good on february 7th and i have not received my belle-v christmas present for him yet.  i have tried to contact you regarding the circumstances and request for your help and offered to pay more for special courier just so that i can have my scoop earlier. i understand that you naturally prioritize domestic customers.  however, this is a situation that help and understanding would be good.  i am an international backer.  i suggested solutions and offered to pay more but you have not responded.  sad to say it is rather late and i do not know what to do with the scoop when i eventually receive it.  it will be a reminder of this situation. thanks. edwin
received mine on 12/24 just in time to gift it on christmas. thanks for that!  it really is a thing of beauty. well done!
@james - it's an ice cream scoop, dude,
hi all, most scoops have been delivered. but we have learned of a few fedex delivery exceptions. sincere apologies to anyone in the usa still waiting on their scoop. despite the holidays we are working hard to track them down and get them to you as soon as possible. if you have questions about your shipment please submit a private message so that we can reply with your personal fedex tracking information. happy holidays, belle-v
got my scoop on the 24th. it is a amazing product. nice weight that is very well balanced.  the packaging is some of the best i have seen on a product. can't wait to get the chance to use it.
still not delivered or received "in time for christmas" as promised. i hope the product, if is does ever arrive, turns out to be more reliable than the promise to have it delivered by christmas - what a disappointment and hard to have to explain and   learn this difficult lesson on such an otherwise joyous day . . .
i'm still waiting for my holiday scoop too.  no tracking info yet, but i'm not going to get bent out of shape.  i've been having lots of delivery issues to where i live for whatever reason, so i'm just marking up this year as "the one of wonky deliveries".
so did all 438 christmas scoops go out? any tracking number in the ones that did? looks at least one person got theirs yesterday but several of us left wondering if ours is coming.
i also ordered the express christmas scoop.:)
i completed my survey on the 11th, i haven't received my scoop yet, anyone i can contact for tracking #? tomorrow is the 24th. keeping my fingers crossed.:)
i forgot to mention a couple of things.  first, the scoop is more like a piece of art, just gorgeous.  second, the packaging is outstanding.  i consider apple to be the absolute best at packaging products and the belle-v effort rivals that of apple.  a job well done.
christmas express scoop arrived this morning.  thanks guys, robert
okay got the survey but i have a important question. i pledged for the two scoops, one of them by default is chrome. but when i saw the survey questions there is no chrome option to choose from so i'm confused really. please advise me on this matter.
i can't recall, but have you sent out surveys yet? thanks
posted!  update #11 discusses colors and finishes.
stay tuned for another project update to clarify colors and finishes!
agreed! what is the durability of the coating? does chrome chip faster. is the black pvd?
now i'm even more confused. the matte silver one on that slide looks like it's made of chrome. i think we need a side to side of all of them. can we get a decent side to side of all four...?
hi everyone.  sorry about the color confusion.  you can view the different belle-v colors by visiting our website, http://www.belle-v.com.  the slide that reads "stunning beauty" has a shot of the three non-chrome scoops.  from left to right: jet black, matte silver, frosted (not offered at this time) and gun metal grey.
are there (real) pics of each color? what is the difference between matte silver and gun metal grey?
@mamojo & @patrickmason.  sorry about that.  i will change it.  polished silver is the same as matte silver.
i second the color confusion.  the backerkit options are polished silver, jet black, and gunmetal grey.  is one of these the matte silver option listed on the kickstarter project home page?  thanks!
i've just had my survey, but i'm really confused by the colours now as there seems to be a polished silver option too. can you confirm what the colours actually are and include picture...?
i'm switching my early bird chrome scoop for a leftie now, let's see how quick you guys are! ;)
probably a stupid question, but i don't know jack about metal coatings and their properties. how durable is the chrome coating? will it ever chip or flake?
@jean-paul seow: please see our most recent update. international backers will not receive their belle-v scoops until our 2nd production run in 2014.
hi, i'm currently in the $27 pledge tier but i also want to add a chrome scoop to my order. the $82 tier doesn't allow shipping outside the us and i'm in canada so how should i go about this? thanks
hi, when do you think you'll be delivering the christmas batch? i'm in australia and just backed the project. keen to give this as a present. thanks and awesome project
@scott webster: the belle-v scoop was designed in san francisco and manufactured in china.
where will these scoops be manufactured?
i love the idea of packaging in ice cream. i'll select rocky road on my survey.  seriously though, think like apple - less is more. you open the top of an imac box and there is a product inside and that's it. i do like the idea of being able to display it. i was thinking maybe a stand so it doesn't get thrown in a drawer. next best might be the clear tube idea with a wide enough base that it will stand on end in my display case with my barware, or a flat-ish side to the tube to lay it on its side and still view it. looking forward to x-mas! please be on schedule!
ice cream is ready! can't wait to try it out :)
dear prof. ulrich and belle-v kitchen team! wish you the very best of luck! i am so grateful to you, prof. ulrich, for an amazing course! i hope to buy this artefact in the near future! best regards, olga
@xd  regarding your question about material poisoning, teflon is an inert material.  while there have been reports of teflon shipping off of products subject to high heat, the belle-v ice cream scoop is used only with cold or room-temperature foods.  you scoop will not be subject to those questionable conditions.  also a number of companies offer teflon, silver, gold and chrome coated and aluminum scoops to the market safely. thank you for your interest in belle-v.
@madalena b ar.  i know we responded to you in a private email but we found others have the same question as you.   belle-v cannot guarantee shipping of the chrome scoop internationally before the christmas holiday.  we expect delivery in the beginning of 2014 to our international supporters.
just noticed the $79 pledge option - thanks.
if i pledged for $78 can i get two?
$40 for a an ice cream scoop is ridiculous. please don't punish late backers!!!!
i love the design, but is worried about aluminium, chromium, and teflon poisoning. the silver and gold options are just too expensive.
that is great.. thank you.
#alanoud,you can view the pics on their site at http://www.belle-v.com/
as it is stated, there 3 colors will be available: jet black, gun metal gray or matte silver finish, is it possible to have these picture now? or you will wait until survey time to share them?
i was wondering,if the campaign will end in 35 days  it will go to middle of december..so how it will be possible to deliver the rewards in time for christmas???for backers  outside usa how can that be possible???
thank you prefessor ulrick. its the first time to learn lecture refers to design.the lecture gives me lots new idea and provide me a chance to know brilliant ideas all over the world.your lecture to me is an amazing experiance.
great coursera class, great product!
the leftie ice cream scoop is fabulous. if only there was a matte-silver leftie one that could be engraved too!
thank you ulrick and the team for a great design class,  i'm looking forward to your next class: design 2 : )
guess everyone does love ice cream, seeing that this project blew past its goal so fast.
a contribution to thank you for the inspiring lessons, professor ulrich!
many thanks for being such a great teacher, dr. ulrich.
that's a great chance to appreciate you, dr. ulrich, for teaching us how to create a really great product like this scoop.
hey dr. ulrich,  loved the class, now gotta get the real product!
amazing design...can't wait to show this off at upcoming dinner parties!
i thought you'd have a pledge level that included the scoop and some wonderful ice cream. i guess i'll have to supply that myself.  ;-)
