*crickets*
still plans for development or has this been sat aside?
any movement?
:-d
my location services are not working. the app cannot locate the pebblebee
@sam - we're continuing to improve the stone and as you can see, are still focused on the app and on improving current features as well as looking ahead to new features.  @jonathan - please reach out to support@pebblebee.com and they'll be happy to look into your order.
lost one, dont even want to bother with the second as it will just get lost as well...crappy ring
i didn't receive my package... i already mentioned this before but no answer. it is unacceptable. please help
i see there is a new app, any chance of that bring some of the functionality that was "road mapped" for the stone?
sorry to say it vincent but pebblebee's last campaign should have had alarm bells ringing. the backers were literally dropped like a stone.
yeah looks like this product isn't panning out the way i expected...
haven't seen any updates on the software side for, well, ever...
i like the physical product, i don't like the lack of developments. seems like they got over the line by completing them and sending out and then forgot to finish the development work. promises of future enhancements are still lurking....
man what a negativity here. loved the product guys, dont use it much these days though but no complaints on the product.
stones binned, not 10 days after i received them. cheap plastics useless trash, that's where it went. next time i'll just throw 50€ in the bin, might be more fun. but thanks anyway for delivering on your promise, not your fault i don't like them product.
i want to refund but they refused it  and said be careful read their campaign.  what they said  and i am lost $100.00 an stone are so worse ever!
if you not happy it and i suggest to you filling to complain https://www.bbb.org/consumer-complaints/file-a-complaint/get-started and they might help you.
this product is beyond useless. a waste of money.
any developments?
that's a real shame. i can't find the release notes now that i have already updated app (although perhaps there is a way?) either way, i can't see any real differences to functionality and am really disappointed to hear that the ibooks page turn is not on the map now.
@sam - on both ios and android, you can read the release notes on the app update to see an overview of changes. we've also updated the user manuals on the website to match the new apps! we did look into it, but with the way that the ibooks app works, adding an action that interacts with ibooks is not an option at this time.
first update is in, i note it made me verify my email again but can't really see what features it has added? maybe to start music app? any chance we could get a look at the road map of to be released features so i can get a rough idea on when the feature i requested (turn ibook pages back and forward) will be a possiblity?
@sam - thanks for asking! they're coming along well and we look forward to releasing them. there will be some new action options in the update with information in the app and in the user manual about those actions. @g s reddy - sorry to see you haven't received your order! we don't see any private message from you on here. if you haven't already, please reach out to our support team at support@pebblebee.com and they'll be able to look into your order.
please check my private message
i am still waiting for my rewards
so how are those updates going????
i'll keep an eye out, but i won't hold my breath. any chance you could post some videos/tutorials of what you can do with the stone these days? i'm mostly curious on the workflow app (as the rest are self explanatory and a bit of a disappointment) and i'd rather not buy the workflow app if it doesn't allow me to do much more
@sam parker - quite the opposite! our dev team has been working hard on significant app updates for both ios and android for awhile now. please keep an eye out for the app updates; as soon as testing is complete on them, we'll be submitting them to the app stores.
now that you guys have a new product, i suppose the already non-existent development of the stone will stop? quite a shame, i hope your potential new backers read these comments to see that you distance yourself from your own products pretty quickly once they have been sent out :(
@justin - please contact our support team at support@pebblebee.com and they can help you out! a couple actions do require user confirmation, but the vast majority do not.
i dont know if you guys have addressed this issue in the comments but im wondering if there is an update or a better way to use the stone without having to take my phone out and unlocking it.. cause thats the only way my stone works and that renders the tech itself obsolete..
@paula, @sam - thanks for the feedback!
although i understand the move to the forum instead of answering questions here, you probably need to be a little more active on your own forum..... it's a right ghost town at the moment
finally a company and product that -for me-restores a little faith in kickstarter after backing so many that just won't deliver and back out without any notice. received my stone as planned, tech support was amazing when at first i couldn't get an connection between my stone and my phone. it works like a charm now. can't wait for new features (the ibook idea sounds great!)
how are those addition features coming along? would have thought they'd be popping out fairly frequently by now?
@sam - we're working on adding additional features and will have them available soon via app updates. this is a great idea though. i'll be sure to pass it along to our ios team. keep those ideas coming!
hi guys, i was really hoping the stone would have more functions by now... any chance you can add the ability to turn page in ibooks to the stone? would be great to read books in bed without having to remove your arms from the warm covers to turn the page.
@catfood, @isaac - we’re sorry you're not satisfied with your stone. if there are any specific issues we can help you with, please feel free to contact us at support@pebblebee.com @chris - we are here to help. please contact support@pebblebee.com so we can try and troubleshoot the issues you're having. @valentin - please accept our sincere apologies for the delay in response. we have made sure to respond to your email and will continue to monitor your case until it is resolved.
app terrible, completely shut down their. own there's no way to monitor the reaction and very slow, but the display is out of range keys can be used, which is a bad thing.
many problems. completely useless. worst pledge ever.
my stone is defective, as well...please message me with return authorization...i want a refund
my two stones are defective. they doesn't show in the app on any of the phones that i could try with. the support told me by email to do some button pressing manipulations but it didn't work.  after i ask for a replacement almost three weeks ago , the support didn't answer me back.  so i'm left with two useless stones that don't work, i am very unhappy , the support doesn't even care to answer my emails after three weeks.
@justin, @john - you should be able to use the stone while the phone is locked / the app is in the background. we are making some tweaks that should improve overall responsiveness to the button press which should be available in the next update. if you’re continuing to have issues with this, please let us know at support@pebblebee.com @tony - please contact support@pebblebee.com so we can look into this for you! @teo - glad to hear it!
i am also noticing that the stone does not work unless my phone is opened instead of having it in my pocket and just using the stone to control it.. this defeats the purpose of the stone as a shortcut button.. im wondering if it is because i have an iphone 4s or if it is because of te stone itself.. anyone else experiencing this..?
i filled out the survey you guys sent out, but i did not receive anything for the "$15 in product credit" that was said to be provided upon completing the survey. nothing showed up at the end of the survey, nor did i receive an email with a coupon code. how do i retrieve my coupon?
just want to make sure -- for the camera to work, the app has to be open and in the foreground on ios? also, it appears (at least for me) that for ifttt to work, the app also has to be open and in the foreground (in ios). if so, those are pretty major limitations. kind of makes the whole thing pointless if i have to open my phone and the app every time i want to use the stone. thoughts?
got mine today. thanks.
@teo, @nghiêm - please reach out to support@pebblebee.com so we can look into this for you. @hans-peter - we are looking into the workflow name w/ spaces bug. thanks for pointing this out to us. as far as only being able using workflow while the app is in the foreground, it's a limitation with the workflow api itself. according to their latest documentation, they're working on resolving this. thank you for your questions and feedback. we're always looking for ways to improve our products. @jaap-hein - we don't have an eta right now, but we're working on it. we're also looking into better ways to utilize the stone and ifttt. stay tuned for future updates about both of these topics.
i havent received mine yet.
starting *workflow* with spaces in the name fails.
the need for the stone app to be in the foreground to make *workflow* work, is a serious limit to what i would like to do. will this change?
i have tried to turn on the *out of range alert*, but when carrying my stone in the right pocket, and my phone in the left pocket, i get alerts all the time (and this is independent of the sensitivity setting). will it be made more stable, or will it be possible to make a user set grace time, to avoid these constant alerts?
i just received my 8 stones - only three months delayed. i thought that they were going to be high end accessories to my high end phone. -instead they look very cheap with a light weight plastic look and feel. the plastic is warped, so that they are gaping a half to a full millimetre some places.
still didn't get my stones yet. any way that i can track my order ?
@pebblebee, i received my stones, thanks! do you have an eta when the sdk/api will be available? also it would be nice if in the ifttt location and temperature values could be used.
@speedygruun - all of our orders should be shipped out at this point, but reach out to support@pebblebee.com just in case so we can check the status of your order. @jonathan - customs are a mystery to all of us. unfortunately it's the nature of the beast when shipping products internationally. @david - ah please do send us an email. our support email is support@pebblebee.com! we will try and get to the bottom of this as soon as we can. @iosif - very interesting. any chance you could reach out to us at support@pebblebee.com? we would love to try and help. @leo - glad to hear it! @matthias - we're sorry to hear you're frustrated with the range alerts. they should be far more sensitive than that. please reach out to us at support@pebblebee.com so we can try and troubleshoot the issues you're having.
i am still awaiting my pebblebee. it arrived on january 21. in frankfurt, but that's it.
anyone else from the uk get hit with a custom charge?  £14 extra to pay
just received my pebblebee stones at work, pledged for two but only received one. will have to email support when i get home.
i am having an issue with the in-range/out-of range and motion sensors. no matter what i do it seems as if the stone gives no alarm. once the stone is out of range the colour remains red but never goes out of range and never gives a sound. same for the motion. no matter how violent the movement, no alarm whatsoever. anyone else having these issues?
got the stones and paired them (moto x 2014 and an iphone 5). working great with ifttt (with some delay, but that's not your fault) and tracking mode works, too. yes, a few little bugs, but i think the team is working on it. nicely done, pebblebee team. thanks! i am a happy backer.
i got email from pebblebee stone i told them i am not satisfied with stones. if you feel not satisfied or not solution problem  i suggest you filling complain to bbb https://www.bbb.org/ it’s the support of our backers that makes the development and production of a new product possible, and we’re grateful for that support. when choosing to back any campaign on kickstarter, backers pledge money to help see a project become a reality, and receive a reward for successfully completed projects. with this in mind, we do not offer refunds for products obtained through kickstarter. our goal is that every customer has a good experience with the stone and to that end, we’re always happy to troubleshoot issues. as a note, the stone does have a 1-year manufacturers warranty and will be eligible for replacement if it is defective and falls within warranty. as we’ve shared in updates to the kickstarter campaign, our dev team continues to build more features into the app, as well as take any feedback and issues we receive from new users (backers) to improve already existing features. please let us know if we can answer any questions about the use of your stone, cassidy m. pebblebee support
hi, the out of range alert is too wiggly even i choose low sensitivity. alert happens suddenly yet the stone shows green for range (about 1 m). the display changes off and on to yellow and the alert is triggered without any movement has taken place. for the moment i'm a little bit frustrated about the usability.
@damien - that doesn't sound normal. please tell us more over at support@pebblebee.com? we would love to help you with this issue. @marlies - we expect there to be some battery impact, but not completely drained. can you shoot us an email at support@pebblebee.com? we would love to know more about the issue you're having. @paula - it sounds like you're trying to claim your stone like a honey. make sure you have the pebblebee stone app downloaded from the app store and if your problems persist, please contact us at support@pebblebee.com @bigbubba - thanks for your continued support and helpful comments! @sam - ifttt is a great way to take advantage of your stone. while our pre-built recipe list only has a few features, the possibilities with ifttt are countless.
long press option doesn't work on android app
hi, i received my 2 stones in the netherlands and they look great! i installed the app (ios) and every works except the text message. but... the stones totally drain the battery of my iphone 6....  i turned of tracking on both of them, but that didn't help. i had no choice but to remove the app so i'm a bit disappointed now. are there more backers who experience this?
@bigbubba yes, the light flashes, so i can safely assume the battery works. on top of it all, the ios app crashes on me, so nothing (except the little flashing light) works at the moment. can't connect, can't use ios app.
@paula: when you press the button, do you see the led flash? if not, the battery could be dead. @sam parker: use ifffffft, then your button can do anything.
hi,  my stone arrived in the netherlands yesterday and as the instructions stated i've downloaded your app from the app store and made an account. so far so good.  unfortunately that was all that was happening cause whatever i do (updating to the latest ios, restarting etc.), and no matter how long i keep pressing the button on my stone, my stone is not beeping and no device is found within the app.  i hope you can solve this problem for me cause right now i'm looking at an expensive plastic pebble that does nothing...   ok, i have to admit, it's great in "playing dead as a rock", nothing beats that ;)
i'm hoping there are some software improvements to come fairly soon. the stones don't really have the option to do anything actually useful as yet....
@elaine - range and motion alerts only work if the stone is in tracking mode. press and hold the stone button for approximately 6 seconds to toggle between button mode and tracking mode. @wsgeet - that’s no good. please reach out to support@pebblebee.com so we can try and troubleshoot this issue for you. @abdul - we reply to all of our email messages as quickly as we can when we receive them. when we set out to design the stone, we didn’t want it to be another item finder. we have (as you’ve listed) three great products that do just that. that being said, we’re always looking for ways to improve our products, so thank you for the feedback. @andy - thank you for your feedback. it sounds like you’ve got a two part set of issues. one is that the ifttt recipe has some delays, and the other is that your button presses aren’t registering all the time. the latter, we’ve made some changes to and should see a much more reliable button press in our next app update. the former however, we’re at the mercy of the hue api. ifttt offers some great logging features that tell you more about where the error occurred. we would love to look into it with you. please reach out to support@pebblebee.com. @alan - we are here to help. please contact support@pebblebee.com so we can try and get this issue resolved for you. @joao - we’re glad to read it! also, what kinds of recipes have you tried out? we would love to know how you’re using the stone.  @jo - please reach out to support@pebblebee.com so we can get to the bottom of your missing stone. @joanna - hi joanna, please contact support@pebblebee.com so we can try and address the issues you’re having. @crycket - good question. when we first built our ios/android apps, facebook was a fast and, easy way for users to sign up for a pebblebee account. what we didn’t consider was the fact that certain 3rd party services that require an email to use. eg: ifttt. we are going to move to a new account / login service in the future, but for now the only workaround we have is to create an account with an email address. @cptpegleg - thank you for your candid and honest feedback. the stone bag was a packaging solution that we came up with. it was never intended to be used as a gift bag, but we do like that idea. thanks for the tip! @mario - we’re sorry to hear the stone isn’t living up to your expectations. there is an update in the works that should address the majority of the button press issues you’re having. the product is young and has a lot of time to grow and mature over it’s lifetime. thank you for your feedback and support. @matthias - i am very glad to hear your stone made it to you safely and that you’re enjoying it. we do have an update that will address your temperature woes, thank you for your patience on this one. regarding the range alerts sensitivity, we do have a setting to toggle between high and low sensitivity, but we do appreciate the suggestion. perhaps we need to take a harder look at how we have it set up. thanks for your feedback matthias. we look forward to hearing more about how you use your stone.
the buttom works fine but the motion sensing function doesn't seemed to be working nor does the in-range/out of range alert.
app keeps crashing! unable to do anything with it!
@creator. please reply to my e-mail on the missing stone. also, i am quite disappointed that beep is removed from stone as compared to honey/hornet and dragon.
mine arrived, set up a simple rule to turn on/off my hue lights. pressed the button waited about 20 seconds before anything happens then only about half the lights turned off. that example was the best result i got from the stones. half the time nothing happens at all. not reliable enough to rely on them. at least they make a nice keyring for my keys. i feel a little cheated as these are substandard at best. i hope this is just a teething issue with the app on ios.
mine arrived, set up a simple rule to turn on/off my hue lights. pressed the button waited about 20 seconds before anything happens then only about half the lights turned off. that example was the best result i got from the stones. half the time nothing happens at all. not reliable enough to rely on them. at least they make a nice keyring for my keys. i feel a little cheated as these are substandard at best. i hope this is just a teething issue with the app on ios.
mine arrived, set up a simple rule to turn on/off my hue lights. pressed the button waited about 20 seconds before anything happens then only about half the lights turned off. that example was the best result i got from the stones. half the time nothing happens at all. not reliable enough to rely on them. at least they make a nice keyring for my keys. i feel a little cheated as these are substandard at best. i hope this is just a teething issue with the app on ios.
mine arrived, set up a simple rule to turn on/off my hue lights. pressed the button waited about 20 seconds before anything happens then only about half the lights turned off. that example was the best result i got from the stones. half the time nothing happens at all. not reliable enough to rely on them. at least they make a nice keyring for my keys. i feel a little cheated as these are substandard at best. i hope this is just a teething issue with the app on ios.
stones received. app installed. account set up. stone registered. ...but then the app crashed everytime i tried to configure the stone. what happened? sounds like it's really a worthless stone!!!!
this last friday i've receive the stone and i starting to understand it with the ifttt channels. thanks guys
hi creator, i haven't received anything. can someone reply?
i want stones return back and it isnt work. im not happy. i want refund
not work **
not worl**
hi pebblebee i want stones are return back and refund. some stones arent stone and not happy with it.
@pebblebee then why have an option to set up with facebook?
not impressed at all seen them for less then what we paid already. https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/pebblebee-stone-smart-button-and-item-tracker#/ unable to track with it not working i have to agree with mario peric i live in the uk i can't use all of its features seems like a waste of money to me.
hmm, i received the stones and used them intensely or better tried for several days now. my conclusion is that this a piece of trash. nothing works reliably. the only thing that works reliably is that it does not work or perform the function it is supposed to. plus it is super cheap made, from the looks and the feel and a total waste of money. feels like money spent down the drain. and that is the better part of the experience with the "device". playing an alarm works every 3-5 time,maybe. playing music almost never, at least this is what it feels like when you press and hold a button 10 times and then it will only maybe start playing. oh and yeah the app is running in the back. also tried the features with the app opened. the alarm works better here, but then why would i need an alarm to find my iphone when it´s already in my hand ... ? iftt works mostly on us accounts only. so, this s a use and worthless piece of electronics. great idea, shit product. don´t buy, better donate you money to some refugees etc. to release something pre alpha stage is beyond "not being customer oriented", but hey i bet it made some money and paid some salaries. probably the only good thing about this. and yes, i am on ios, 6+, 9.2.1/.9.2.
well i finally received my 4 items but i'm not happy as i got one gift bag and should have received a gift bag for each stone please send 3 more gift bags as i've explained so many times these are presents for people so how you can only send one is not very thoughtfull.
hi pebblebees my stone works fine so far and shipping went well. of course the indication of the temperature is out of being workable but this is going to be fixed as i read. but for the moment there is an issue to be thought about. it's the sensitivity of rangealert when your stone moves away. in my case there is from time to time an alarm even when the stone move a few centimeters as it happens in my brief case.  maybe it would be helpful to add a settlement for sensitivity . all the best matthias
@crycket - in order to use the ifttt services, you will need to sign up with a standard email address. also, please reach out to support@pebblebee.com so we can look into your missing stone. @barrett - very strange. maybe a hiccup in the usps shipping system. very glad to hear your package made the journey! @thomas - wonderful to hear your stones made it! not happy to hear about the crash issue, but appreciate the workaround that resolved the issue for you. we're looking into the issue on our end as well.  @aaron - we certainly don't want you to feel penalized for supporting us. please reach out to support@pebblebee.com so we can look into this issue for you. @문지환 - please reach out to support@pebblebee.com so we can look into this issue for you. @imran - it sounds like you may be using the honey instructions. please refer to our stone quickstart guide which can be found here: https://pebblebee.com/manuals/ @m - please reach out to support@pebblebee.com so we can try to get to the bottom of the issue you're having. @iosif - we have a fix for the temp calibration that should be coming in the next update. regarding the stones not showing range indicators, it's likely that the stones are in button mode. hold the stone button for about 6 seconds to enable / disable tracking mode. @brandon - that won't do. please reach out to support@pebblebee.com so we can try and resolve this issue.
was supposed to get 2 stones, only received one.  also, signed up to the app with facebook, but there is no recognizable email to connect it with ifttt.
yes, my tracking number is still showing as "expired." but the parcel arrived.
deleting and reinstalling the app solved it for me.
hi! received my 2 stones. thanks for that! but i cannot set them up (iphone6plus / ios 9.2.1) -app crashes when i try to fill in my profile, e.g. first name -when trying to claim a stone it says "can't edit profile until we have loaded your profile" any help appreciated!
email showed item was shipped january 2nd. shipping information updated on the 12th, but it hasn't changed since then. order email showed my stone was being shipped with my hornet(finally) and then there was another delay for hornets and dragons, and those shipments were going to be delayed... again. my question is why didn't you ship the stone by itself once you determined there was a delay. i shouldn't be penalized with this project for my involvement in another of your projects. would really like an update on when my stone will be shipped.
hi,  i live in korea. i'm a backer.  i didn't receive the stone too. i want to track my stuff and let me know the tracking number.  my name is ji hwan moon.  thank you.
hi guys! received mine in uk earlier today. i've just had the chance to sit down and try connecting my iphone5 with the device. i've followed instructions as close as possible but finding no joy right from the start. the pebble bee is not beeping and my phone is not picking up the device. kindly please advise me on what's to be done on my behalf.
i think im to stupid to connect the seines with the app :/ (tried with 4 stones) :/ i activate bt and wlan i tried to press short and press + hold :/ iphone 6 with ios 9.1
i have received my package but i am having various issues. the iphone app does not allow me to calibrate the temperature, instead i get a battery reading. the proximity sensor is also not working on any of the 4 stones. i get a white reading in the app, instead of the green, yellow, red. anyone with a suggestion on the last one?
mine has arrived, but 2 are missing. the package label indicates 2 white and 2 black ones included, only one of each arrived. i have embed you. hope to resolve soon, thanks!
@วโรดม ด่านสุวรรณดำรง - there is a known issue where the pebblebee app gets into a state where the alarm does not play when the phone is locked. please force close the app and re-open it to resolve this issue. @andre - our messaging was at fault for this. the notification you received was to indicate that the tracking number had been created, not shipped. at this point though, almost all of the stone's have been shipped out! we hope you receive yours soon! @barrett - we checked your tracking information and saw that in transit to it's destination. please let us know if your tracking information is still showing that it has expired. @ann - we're really glad you like it! we love hearing examples like this. :) @jack - if your tracking number still hasn't updated, please reach out to support@pebblebee.com so we can look into it. we would like for you to receive it way before next christmas. @gerardo - uh oh! we don't like the sound of that. make sure you're using the pebblebee stone app, and if you're still having issues reach out to our support team at support@pebblebee.com @sean - thank you for your workaround! there have been a few people running into this issue, but thankfully it will be resolved entirely in our next update. as for the manual, we have a great user manual that should be updated sometime this week for the stone. keep your eyes peeled for an update when it's available. @kirk - thank you for the feedback! we're working hard to get that feature up and running. @nick - glad to hear your stones made it to you! we would love to hear your feedback about the setup process directly. please reach out to us at support@pebblebee.com. thank you for your continued support, nick! @tony - we have a manual that will be uploaded to our site soon that will include battery replacement instructions. until the manual goes live however, please contact us at support@pebblebee.com so we can provide you with instructions. @jason - that's no good! please email us at support@pebblebee.com so we can get to the bottom of this.
i cannot use click to alarm when iphone is in lock screen but if not in lock screen it can use. how to enable usage when iphone is in lock screen?
my tracking info says (since january 12): pre-shipment info sent to usps is this normal taking so long to be sent? thanks.
@jack cheasley - at least your tracking number hasn't 'expired' yet like mine...
stone works great!  my husband loves the fact that i "text" him i'm on my way home.  very easily done from my stone.  thanks well done!
shipping info still saying it hasn't even been shipped. bit bored of waiting seeing that it seems every other backer has received theirs. bit late for the christmas present it was planned for, any chance it will arrive before next christmas?
my stone isn't connecting... i send you guys a message on kickstarter and an email and no response. i'd like some help thanks.
my stone isn't connecting... i send you guys a message on kickstarter and an email and no response. i'd like some help thanks.
guys, i got my stones, and they are great! aside from a small snag during setup, everything went well. (hint for apple users: don't leave the app to check your authorization code, do it from a different device, otherwise bad things happen.) is there a full user manual? actually, what i'm really looking for is ideas for how to use them. they seem very powerful, and i feel kind of clueless, but i'm not sure what to do with them. thanks!
please add music control functionality to android as soon as possible, especially since this was an advertised feature. also, as already mentioned by someone else, it would be great to have an api available to allow custom commands without the need for ifttt. thanks
got my glacier and onyx stones today! bummed that music play/pausing isn't built into the app yet and the setup was a little rough around the edges (especially setting up ifttt - had to sign out of the pebblebee app then back in in order for the app to recognized the ifttt connection). looking forward to an api to be able to truly customize the actions of the stone. build quality of the stones is pretty good considering how well you guys met your timeline.
i received my stones today and noticed that there were no instructions for replacing the battery. the campaign stated that the battery would be replaceable.
i received one delivery, but it was incomplete. should i be expecting another shipment as well?  i am missing my 2 add on stones and covers.
just sent you an email. according to your message, you sent my pebblebees on january, 2nd via first class. the tracking info shows, that you first announced the package electronically 12th of january to ups but it still did not arrive there today, 16th of januar 2016. it should have been long here. what happend?
my tracking number has "expired" without any activity. i sent you a message. you didn't respond. looks like i need to make this public... you claim all the orders have shipped. but given that my tracking number is "expired" i have my doubts.
@pebblebee   i've been looking for something on ifttt for the last few hours and it seems useless on that front. so much irony.
@christoffer, @david, @frans - we're doing everything we can to fulfill the few outstanding international orders as quickly as we can. all stone orders (save a few combined orders from our other campaign) have been shipped as of today. your tracking information should update by early next week. our apologies for the delay! @elizabeth - android vs ios, true. the android app is missing one feature that ios has, which is music playback. we're investigating how to best implement that feature on android. there may be an ifttt recipe that could solve this problem for you. let us know! @matt - thank you again for the information and community support. @kin, @bigbubba - the temperature calibration function isn't working properly for some users. we have a fix in the works that should resolve this issue. @ubm, @nick - we hope you get your stones soon! @joanna - glad to hear you were able to get it all set up! we appreciate your feedback about the delay.
@big bubba: the user manual is for the "honey" not for the "stone"
@creator as david and frans i have a hard time to keep my patience any longer. please do update on stone shipping. mine is still stuck, as frans´at "pre-shipment info sent to usps". are you still having trouble with some international orders? (i'm waiting in sweden, by the way.)
@pebblebee  i have an android device and my app is up to date. were there less options for the android app than the apple?
@pebblebee  only a  couple options are listed for what i can do with the stones when i press or hold the button. i have an android device and my app is up to date. were there less options for the android app than the apple within the pebblebee app?
@elizabeth: hmmm...not sure if it's an iphone only option. i have 7 options listed (not counting no action or call an uber...which is listed as coming soon).
any sign of stones being shipped to the uk? i'm a patient man, but i like my expectations to be managed by my supplier. thanks
@mattburrows   that isn't one of the options i have. the only ones listed are call someone, send a text,  take a picture, and iftt. i have an android. is this only an apple option...?
@kin tong: you need to calibrate the temperatures, see the instructions here, https://pebblebee.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/pebblebee-androidmanual.pdf on the second to the last page.
i order 4 stones and received them yesterday, the temperature sensor on all 4 stone are not great. i place all 4 stone next to each other and 3 of the stones are showing  2 to3 degree difference and one showing 15 degree higher then the other. i try the out of range alert  both the low sensitive and high sensitive mode, and i have to be about 100 feet away from my stone to get the alert.
whilst i'm being patient i'd rather haven an explanation why my stone is still not shipped yet. and still not even offered for shipment, three days after the notice and a whopping 13 days after the first notice, telling me the stone had shipped. the usps tracking notices are my only source of information so please don't kill the messenger :-)
well i'm a great turn of events...my package flew from kent,wa to charlotte,nc overnight...looking forward to the product
my stones have been stuck in kent, wa (opposite side of the country) for 5 days now. yay usps. :(
@elizabeth: in the stone app, you'll see the stone icon. press it. it will then display that stone and there will be two circles at the bottom. the left is press & the right circle is hold. press the left circle, and you should see a list of choices. press the music skip song option. i use apple music and it seems to work most of the time. however, there have been some times where i press the button and nothing happens....even though the distance (from my keys in the ignition to my phone in my pocket) hasn't changed.
@mattburrows  i just got my stones today and am excited to try them out but i only saw a couple options in the menu even after updating the app. how did you set up your music tasks? was it also through iftt?  if so, what recipe was it?
@pebblebee stone finally! it is work!!! but i noticed that notification (pop up) is toooo slow respond. i dont like it!  i ordered 5 .. umm  i think i want to refund it  or u need to fix notification in pebblebees apps. and vibrate isn't work ;(
hello my package 9400111699000297878450 arrived at usps on 1/10....arrived in another city 3 days later...then departed and arrived back where it originated....it was expected to be delivered today...and guess on the hold up?
@pebblebee: i should clarify about the lock screen issue. if the screen is completely black, pebblebee won't work. however, if i push the home button to wake up the phone, pebblebee will work (even if it's still on the lock screen). it's only when the screen is black/asleep that pebblebee won't work. i'll contact support, as well.
@frans - your patience is very much appreciated. @matt - fantastic suggestion, a not in motion alert would be really cool. as of right now, it's not a feature we support but i'll pass your feedback along to our engineers for review. re: the lock screen, it should work when the screen is locked, so we'll look into this. (you're not the first report we've seen.) if you have any additional details you can share, please send them to support@pebblebee.com. thank you for your support and feedback! @cptpegleg - thank you for your patience and support cpt. we're glad to hear you're excited to receive your stones! we're excited to get them to you. @khian - that sounds a little weird. please reach out to support@pebblebee.com so we can investigate the issue further.
i got pebblebees today!! im still struggle with it!
fyi, this is what i get now: the u.s. postal service was electronically notified on january 12, 2016 to expect this package for mailing. this message does not indicate receipt by the usps or the actual mailing date. please be advised tracking is not available for this product. so my stone hasn't even been offered for actual shipment! but i can only wait patiently.
loving my stone so far, but, on the way to work, i discovered a big problem (at least for me anyway). the stone commands (press or hold) will not work if my iphone is on the lock screen. is there a way to alter this on your end with a future app update?
excited to check these little suckers out can't wait got a few as presents for family but couldn't resist getting one for myself just waiting for tracking to update as still not found. itl be awesome when they get here at least it was successfully backed and shipped so far i mean not all bad right :-) happy newyear  hopefully il be thanking you sooner then later fingers crossed they arrive soon. keep up the good work we know it ain't always easy hitting deadlines.
i changed my pledge and i havent receive my stones yet
i should clarify with my previous post & attaching my stone to my laundry machine that i was thinking i would be able to push the pebblebee button after i started the load to trigger the motion awareness. then, when no motion is sensed for 5 minutes, i would receive a notification.
just wanted to say i received my 2 stones today. have one all programmed (single press = skipping a music track...no more fumbling for my phone to advance the track when i'm driving. press & hold = opens my garage door...done via ifttt & smartthings). i would like to attach my second stone to my laundry machine & using the motion sensor receive a notification when motion has stopped for 5 minutes (i.e. laundry is done). is there a way to do this via the pebblebee app and/or using ifttt?
@christoffer, @felix, @crushx_2, frans, odette, thomas - almost all domestic and international orders have shipped, and only a small handful of international orders are still being processed to be shipped. those tracking numbers will update very soon if they haven't already. @damien - yes! @greg - that is certainly not good. please reach out to support@pebblebee.com so we can get this issue resolved for you. @mikem - we will have a quick start guide up on our website some time today, but if you need help before then, please reach out to support@pebblebee.com so we can assist you. @douglas, @jonathan - we are aware of an issue where the stone can't be calibrated correctly that is affecting certain users. we have a fix that should be available in the next app update. @elizabeth - our android app is universal and supports all pebblebee products. to access the stone functionality, make sure to download the latest app update. @bradley - please reach out to support@pebblebee.com so we can look into this issue for you.
well, now i got an update. usps is waiting for the package. however, they will not post updates thereafter, as i live in sweden, a country not eligible for tracking apparently.
i bought this with the idea of using it as a xmas present, is there any chance i will receive it by dec 2016?
it seems that a lot of stones haven't been shipped yet. my tracking number is still not found. a little update to this would be nice...
@christoffer and frans: same here! :(
i'm wondering the same thing as frans. shouldn't the tracking number update soon. mine's still at "not found".
my pebble says it's already been claimed. i just got it today. how can i get this fixed.
i just got mine in the mail....with no instructions? , how do i go about using my pebblebee stone?
app is glitch and thermometer is way off, definitely not 78 out.
@elizabeth williams: it is the same android app, the honey/stone use the same app.
9 days after the initial shipping notice there still is no status change. not shipped yet. all units should have been shipped by know or am i missing some information?
so...i looked on google play and i saw no new app for this product- is it under a different name? i could have sworn i saw alpha stages of a new or at least revamped app in some of the pictures and videos that were put up here.
why is my order still showing that it hasn't been shipped? shouldn't it be in transit by now or are some of them still being delayed?
i was supposed to  receive 2 onyx blacks and my package only came with one, even though on the outside of the package it says x2. how can i go about getting my other one asap?
how do you calibrate temperature on the iphone? when i hold the temperature icon it just shows me the battery level
hi pebblebee team! i'm glad to have a tracking number, but still it cannot be found by the usps tracking service. would you be so kind and check your end? regards thomas
@big bubba, thanks for the temperature calibration tip.  i was aware of the system notification blocking, but that also means that if any other notifications are added then they are also blocked. the fact that the app unusable if you don't have a active data connection also limits its usefulness.  i was in a low/no coverage area last night and it actually just crashed after it could not log in.
@christoffer - we should have all units packaged and delivered to the usps by tomorrow (friday dec 8th) @big bubba - thanks for supporting the community with the pro tips! @tony - i hope big bubba's feedback helped you! i do want to let you know though, if you ever have any issues with out products please don't hesitate to reach out to our support team at support@pebblebee.com @teo - soon, friend! all the units will have been shipped by tomorrow (dec 8th). we can't wait for you to get yours!
how long until you have shipped all of the kickstarter stones? i got my tracking info a long time ago but it still doesn't find anything.
@tony gibbs: to disable android notifications (in this app and any app) 1) open the app drawer 2) find the pebblebee app 3) select the app 4) hold down the app 5) drag the app to the top of the screen where it says 'app info' 6) find the notifications section 7) select notifications 8) select block all 9) the notification will no longer show up in the top status bar to calibrate the temperature 1) open the pebblebee app 2) select the stone device, after enabling tracking is easier 3) find the temperature display 4) press the temperature for 2 seconds 5) the calibration screen will show up 6) set the temperature to a known number once you know the temperature and the device has been in that room for 15 minutes
just got mine yesterday and i had no issues connecting it to my android phone.  but here are my thoughts: temperature reading is way off.  it was reading 89.9f at an ambient temp of around 73f after picking it up, the temp went to 100.4f.  will there be some way to calibrate this? it would be nice if i could un-assign buttons. after setting the quick press to take picture, now it tries to take a picture if the movement alarm goes off. the option to not take a picture upon opening the camera app does not work. the battery on the stone reports it only has 2/3 power after one day. please make the notification tray icon an option.  my fitbit still gives me call notifications in android after turning off the icon, there is no reason why this can't as well. i kinda wish it looked more onyx-ish and less black abc plastic-y.  aside from photoshop is there anyway to make it look like it does in the pictures?  i mean on the campaign page and the amazon page it really looks like a rock.  in person it really looks like textured black abs plastic.
@alexander: this is how i got mine to sync with the android app (make sure it is the latest version) enable tracking mode. to enable tracking mode, press and hold the stone's button for 6 seconds, you will see one led flash, followed by a quick series of 4 led flashes. to disable tracking mode, press and hold the stone's button for 6 seconds, you will see one led flash, followed by a quick series of 3 led flashes. [if you see a quick series of flashes, you have disabled tracking mode, repeat these steps] @teo send kee: they are still building them and shipping them out.
i have not received mine.
got it today really excited but sadly couldn't sync
it is the android app that will not let me remove it. the camera function also does not trigger the flash and i will keep messing around with it to try and connect with ifttt
@caela mendini - we appreciate the feedback! apologies if there was any confusion regarding shipping; shipping was free for orders within the us. please contact support@pebblebee.com and we’d be happy to refund you the $20 you spent on shipping.  the stone is claimed to your account, not the app itself. to unclaim a stone in the ios app, hold down your finger on the stone in the hive page until a prompt appears to unclaim it.  for all other app concerns, please contact support, as these are not known issues and we’d like to troubleshoot with you! @nick schwab - android protocol requires that notification is present while the app is running. we’re looking at renaming that notification, as it really just signifies that the app is listening for your stone.
another problem is that i cannot remove my information from the stone so even though i don't use it my information is available to the website and company now without my consent.
also drains your phone with constant bluetooth use
correction to previous post on amazon it is 17% more than i payed which is what the kickstarter showed
also with a gap in the closure i do not see this being water resistant and i find that with the simplistic packaging it was sent in it makes no sense as to why my shipping was $20 and in viewing it on amazon i apparently paid more than it sells there plus i had that ridiculous shipping
installed the app even though the stones aren't here yet... how can i disable "crowd gps"? the constant notification is extremely annoying :(
poorly designed app and product you cannot remove the stone from the app as far as i can tell, uninstalling it just resets the buttons to nothing, cannot connect to stone with ifttt, when assigning camera to just press it takes a pic immediately when you switch to selfies. good concept but released way before it's ready. would not recommend to anyone as it is now.
@courtney, brett - our support team is here to help. please email support@pebblebee.com so we can get this issue resolved for you. @christoffer - yes. on android and ios. @caela - woo hoo! we hope you love it.
got my pebblebee as well, looks great, but can't sync it with my phone! any suggestions?
is the app up and running?
just got mine! for some reason my pebblebee won't sync with my phone. i'll keep trying on my end but will check back if i'm still having issues.
tracking updated and it's almost here so exciting
@backers - as a quick reminder, the shipping confirmation emails with tracking numbers are automatically sent as we create the shipping labels. the orders have not shipped yet and the tracking information will not update until they do. we're hard at work prepping orders and will update again once more information is available!
got my tracking number yesterday! does this mean you are shipping? also, is the ios app ready for the pebbles? if so, what do i need to search for in the app store to snag it? thanks!
got a tracking number but it doesnt work yet
got a tracking number email early this morning! the obsessive package-tracking begins! :)
christmas is tomorrow but thank u
it's a kickstarter campaign, people should've expected possible delays because they're just starting out with production on the product. there were no guarantees to begin with! you're backing a project to begin production because you have faith and believe in the product.
@creator... i am also very curious why people would invest in a kickstarter campaign for a christmas present??
i, as claudia, am very curious about however we will get them before the end of the year. it is a christmas present, but as long as i get it before 2 january it works out for me. that's why i would want your opinion on if that is plausible. and please, do update as soon as you get the parts from china, hopefully the day after tomorrow at the latest.
wow so that's messed my xmas presents up. only reason i bought so many is for presents. pull your fingers put haha
any updates? do you think we will get our stones before the end of the year?
any news regarding shipping ?
@sean, damien, joanna, leo, and all backers- we are doing everything in our power to get the stones out to everyone before christmas. with that in mind, we don’t want to spoil your holiday gifting experience. sometimes factors outside of our control come up and cause slight delays, so please plan accordingly! @nick- thank you for helping out with responses!
please update? i need to prepare for christmas gifts to my family.
will i have it by christmas? i'm in ireland and have this lined up as a kris kindle prezzie
@nick, thanks indeed. great!
guys, are we still on for a december delivery? i read through the updates, and it looks like we are, but i can't tell for sure.
@barbara - "every backer will be automatically receiving a free accessory pack for the stones that includes 3 sleeves—one in each color" :)
hi, same question as wayne seto, free stone sleeve was unlocked in the campaign, but we cannot choose this reward's color in the survey. please advise. thanks!
@big bubba - pushing the button on the stone makes it light up. maybe they'll add a way to trigger it to light up via an in-app button too :d
curious, what does the led do, what makes is light up?
when should we expect these to be delivered?
all three colors! cool! :)
@leuke: yes! the total number of stones you choose colors for in the survey should include any referral stones. @seow wan yi and @wayne seto: because we reached our stretch goals, every backer will be automatically receiving a free accessory pack for the stones that includes 3 sleeves—one in each color! the led light is a feature addition to the stone and is now a part of the final product that will be shipping to everyone. @bruno braes: apologies for the delay! a team member will reach out to you within the next 24 hours to finalize everything and allow you to complete the survey with the right information. @odette steele: we don’t yet have an image of the actual grey stone from the production line, but there are two primary images you can use to get an idea of what it will look like. a larger image of the 3 colors is in update #2 (sept 30th), and the backer rewards legend toward the bottom of the campaign also shows all colors.
hello, i just filled out the survey for my black onyx pebblebee. however, i noticed that there is a free stone sleeve as a stretch reward at 40k and led stretch reward at 60k. when do i get to choose the stretch reward? thanks, wayne
survey done! congrats again buddy!
hey just wondering on the colours, what kind of colour is the cascade grey because there have been a couple of images that show different kinds of grey and now that the surveys have headed out , i'm tossing up between the black and grey
still waiting confirmation i'm the campaign superbooster (kickbooster) and you still need to issue my kickstarter account a refund.  also no confirmation on how many free stones i earned, nor added to my reward.    understand you're busy finalising the product, but an answer / confirmation after almost a month would be nice.  thanks!
hi, sorry i'm a bit slow, are we getting all three sleeves for each pebblebee? i'd assume it was one per pebblebee all along but i didn't see an option to pick colors in the survey. (of course getting all three would be really awesome, i won't have to pick between glow in the dark that helps locate the stones at night and a colored one that looks prettier in the day
hi,  i saw the survey just came out, but there doesn't seem to be an area to confirm the extra pebblebees being given for referrals? do i just add them in with what i pledged for?  thanks!
@all backers-  we hope you enjoyed your thanksgiving holiday as much as we did! our updates from china included not only a ton of production news, but an updated timeline estimate as well. we will be sending out the survey in the next day or so for everyone to choose your stone colors and give your shipping address. we will also be posting an update on the stone’s production soon. thank you for your continued support! @elizabeth- thanks for asking! our app is going through some very rapid changes at the moment, so nailing down a preview would be a challenge. we expect to release the app at the same time as the stone, and we’re excited to show everyone what we come up with! as for music controls, we agree, the ability to change songs would be great, and we’ve added it in to the app as a possible button choice.
what up with update ! ?
any news or update!?
any word on the app? i'd love to have a peek before the stones arrive. also, will the stone be able to change music you are playing, like going to the next song? i think it would make driving much safer.
@hans-peter - good ideas! we do have a list of the actions that we are programming into the stone app first based on the most common uses for the stone and will continue to add capabilities over time through app updates. neither of these are current options, but we’ve added them to the list of possibilities. @nick schwab - thanks for checking in. we haven’t chosen a specific date to send out the survey and plan to do so within the next 1-2 weeks. we’ll let all backers know when we do, and will send reminders out as well.
@creator when should we expect surveys to hit our inboxes?
will the stone in my car be able to start shazam/soundhound on my iphone, to recognize the song playing in the radio? will the stone on my keychain be able to start voice memos on my iphone in my pocket, to make covert recordings?
awesome!! please before christmas!  �
@bruno braes - congrats you are the super booster! thank you so much, and to everyone, who participated in the booster program. if you could send us your kickbooster affiliate link so that we can confirm it was you and then we will issue your kickstarter account a refund. for everyone else that successfully boosted our campaign, we will be contacting you directly to confirm your participation and make sure we add the right amount of stones to your rewards.
hey, wondering who's the final super booster?  i've been number one booster for most of the period, but my reward was charged.  the super booster gets the reward for free however... so wondering if i'm still leader.  how will boosters be contacted on their free stones? hopefully we're getting our rewards by x-mass, so we can play around with them during the holidays. thanks!
hi travis! in the technical specification on the campaign page it says 6 to 24 month battery life via a replaceable battery. regards thomas
what is the expected battery life for a stone?
@everyone: thank you for all the encouragement and support! @elizabeth: yes, after the campaign ends we'll send out the survey to collect shipping addresses. when the stones ship, everyone will get an email confirmation for tracking their orders.
i pledged because of brad.  and in the hopes you will get me a pebble stone before q-mote gets their heavily delayed iot button to me.
gave you a shout out, hope it helps!!!
totally looking forward to getting my stones!  good to hear that the app is getting redone. any idea when the new app will be available for download? and will we be getting tracking information for our stones?
only hours to go now! congrats buddy!
i agree, having a single app is the best and only way to go.
@creator - really happy to hear that you're working on a whole new app for the stone. although i'm not a honey/dragon owner, i downloaded the pebblebee hive app just to check it out and set expectations and was really disappointed in the ui/ux. i hope you'll be using more native elements and a cleaner ui/ux in the new app!
@matt:  thanks so much to you and all our backers to help us reach over 60k!  our focus at this time is to deliver your rewards on time while exceeding your expectations.  we are making great progress, and in fact this week we have a team at our manufacturing facility that's overlooking component production of the stone, and running qa/test procedure.   we want to maintain that schedule by not adding any more complexities to the project.  @elizabeth, the stone app will be a completely new app redesigned with our customer feedback in mind.  although 3 stars for the current app isn't great, we continue to strive to improve user experience, therefore a whole new and improved user experience for stone users.  we plan on eventually adding honey and dragon compatibility to our new stone app as well,  requiring only one app to control all your pebblebee devices.
were you planning to update the pebblebee app at all?  it has some pretty bad reviews online. could that be one of your new stretch goals? it'd be awesome to have a new interface or something along with this great new product!
looks like the $60,000 stretch goal will be met in the next day or two. any plans for stretch goals after that?
@imran and valentin: we've had a few users report they've been unable to access the survey and are investigating the cause. we've confirmed that access was granted to anyone and hope to figure it out soon!
the survey can be answered many times
hey guys. just received the "stone colours preliminary" survey. unable to access it as it says that it's is only accessible to personel within the organisation.
@fridolin: sorry for any confusion surrounding the different rewards! the temporary flash sale price was the same as the early bird; both deals were $20 for a stone, plus $10 for international shipping. at any point in the campaign you can add $20 for an additional stone, bringing your total to $50 for 2 stones (that includes shipping). thank you for your support!
so pledged for the 20$ early bird, but in fact i see it was 30$ because of the shipping(which is quite a lot, other projects just take 3$). then i read about your flashsale for 5+15$ so less than the early birds!?. now i just want to add a stone. can i add 10$ so a total of 40$ and get two stones? this and your patentdiscussion with znaps really dont make me feel good by the way.. i just tought what kind of guy is that when i read the update in znaps, and now i realize its your ceo..!?
@crycket:  thanks for your support! @brad:  you rock!
you can tell i was busy, i'm glad i was late and didn't miss out!  congrats on the awesome project buddy!
while i am not a fan of the allegations flying around, i do not have both sides of the story, as pebblebee has stated...it is a private matter between two folks.  until either side has been proven guilty, they are both innocent, and both have my support until such time.
well as far as the other party is claiming there is no patent filed. dont like this way of running a company and im canceling my pledge here
@geordie - i hope this creator doesn't stoop as low as the other childish person that is guilty of patent infringement. patents exist for a reason, they are filed while a device is being developed over a period that could be many years.
@charles harris: who's the troll now. @creator: wow, that's a big hole you have got yourself into. surely you have got to defend yourself to get out of it. trust is hard to get back. good luck backers.
*fingers-crossed* for a glow in the dark version !
@abdul:  thanks for supporting pebblebee and continuing to be a long time backer.  the complaints you've posted have nothing to do with pebblebee, this is a private matter between daniel and phiona pui woon leung.   its important to keep in mind that only one side is being presented and as this is not a pebblebee matter we will not address it further. in other news, we've made tremendous progress on ifttt integration and will be posting a video link shortly.
@creator.  i like pebblebee.  but complaints from other creator regarding your ceo really make uncomfortable and i may pull my pledge. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1041610927/znaps-the-9-magnetic-adapter-for-your-mobile-devic/posts/1390455
+1 for the sdk :)
@creator looking forward to it :)  as a developer i find the sdk also very interesting.
@daniel:  the stone is fully assembled in the usa.   @jaap-hein:  great ideas!  we will be showing an ifttt integrated video soon that shows progress on our end.   so many things you will be able to do with the stone and it's features.   we plan to also provide access to an api for developers to create their own apps once we have completed our platform and sdk.
i'm looking forward for the integration with ifttt.  what i like to do with the stone is do some mileage tracking when i'm riding my motorcycle, i have to keep track of the amount of kilometres i ride for my work etc. i have my phone always with me that can do the gps stuff, the motion sensor could be used to see if we are moving.
made in the us or china?
@micah & nick:  check out the latest update :)   @big bubba :)  we listened to your last suggestion/comment and no more vertical videos lol
love the [horizontal] video !
looking forward to the update @creator. excited to see what goes into the production process for a device like this.
obviously that's if the video you talking about isn't exactly what the comment is about! then shot! look forward to seeing the video tomorrow!
@creator perhaps you could put the last comment into a formal update, or "state of progress"? just an idea. photos and videos always go a long way!
@big bubba:  thanks for your support and backing!  in real news, we have a video update showcasing recent updates and features that we will be sharing with all backers tomorrow.   we are also finalizing ifttt functionality this week and hope to show great progress by end of next week.   we have already started tooling of the plastic enclosure and already started manufacturing of the print circuit boards assembly  (the internal components of the stone).   we've also finalized the jacket design and will start tool production tomorrow.    lots of progress and thanks so much to all supportive backers!
@wonderwazek if you are talking about the other pebblebee products that have been delayed such as the pb dragon.i have seen the videos describing its operation and how it is at least going to be released, it hasn't been cancelled, no one lost any money. it is being released. what more do you want?
dear ks backers … search for the earlier project ( pebblebee ) and read the comments … you will be surprised … @ creator: you have already »founded« the same stones on indiegogo ( august 2015 ) … why you have to launch a second campaign here on ks?¿ … … many inconsistencies ...
@wonderwazek,  you are supporting us $1 just so that you can spam.  please respect ks backers and use this comments board for positive reinforcement.
... trust in a project = trust in a project! ... no more or less ... ... read carefully ... https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/192833321/pebblebee-the-most-versatile-ios-android-bluetooth/comments ...
@wonderwazek - it's always easy looking from the outside.  i've made mountains move from the outside!  not sure what you mean about trust in a project?  like you said it's just a blue tooth device.  so simple.  if that were the case you would be selling them, not buying them.  i know i would.  honestly for me, it's about supporting a start up or "something new".  if it happens great.  if it doesn't great.  one thing i can tell anyone complaining here is pebblebee could just say sorry guys it is what it is.  we failed.  instead you have them fixing what they started to the best of their ability.  to each their own.  i don't lose any sleep over any of the projects i back.
... you misunderstood me ... it's not a question of trust in daniel but in the product ( deadlines ) ... as i wrote before: »in my opinion it's all about the trust in a project ... no more or less ...
it has taken a while, but there were so many bugs in the apple ios and android operating systems with bluetooth. i have seen the android app grow from a pile of junk that i would be ashamed of, to something that... just works. every update impresses me. there are good changes coming. daniel is honest. believe me, i don't trust many people in the world, but daniel is someone i do trust. if i feel one his products are junk, he does know i will tell him exactly that, he wants the truth, as he wants to make all his products great. now vertical videos, quit doing those! :)
... in my opinion it's all about the trust in a project ... no more or less ...  concerning your last project ( pebblebee ): the supporters are still waiting for their order ... @ charles harris: one and a half year?¿ ... are you serious?¿ ... it's not a rocket ( bringing me to the moon ) ... its just a bluetooth device ... no more or less ...
@chalermpol:  yes, the stones will be shipped in early december for all ks backers.   thanks so much for supporting us!
@charles:  thank you so much for your continued support and comments.  you have always been a genuine kickstarter backer and believer in creativity and giving back to the community.  we are so indebted to you and all our backers for your faith in us and believing in what we do.  our goal is not just to deliver a product, but to deliver an amazing product that adds value to people's lives.
will it be available before christmas? i would like give it as a christmas gift.
hi guys, let me introduce myself.  my name is charles harris and i am a entrepreneur/inventor and i have done a few kickstarter projects as well, one currently running.  it's hard for me to read some of these comments because i have grown to know daniel from pebblebee over the last couple years and i have to say he is one of the hardest working, level headed, honest guys i have ever met.  i watched him go from working a corporate job to running a company in one of the hardest industries on earth. i have done business with him and even broke commitments with him and he didn't hesitate 1 second to tell me don't worry and he understands.  he is a very understanding person.  this is probably why he doesn't blow up on some of you.  he understands his project has not ran perfect and i'm sure he wishes it did.  all us creators do. i have a hard time believing some of the things posted here.  are there issues, of course, this is kickstarter.  there will always be issues.  every project has issues.  some get resolved quickly and some take more time.  i had launched a project with a towel and a magnet and it took me over a year to fix the issue and get the backers their rewards.  if you visit the project there are still backers that haven't received orders, missing, wrong address or some people that are just jerks that i have sent 3 different times with tracking and they claim they still haven't received.  scammers.  theres always the opposite side of the coin. i am not saying that there is no product owed or that things are perfect, what i am saying is if you have to troll as hard as some of you guys are, i feel for both you and daniel.  i think kickstarter is a great platform and from a creators side, you have to be ready for anything.  from a backers side, you have to be ready for anything. i have been to daniels office several times.  it's a large warehouse with 10+ employees all focusing on what they are bringing to you guys.  thats a ton to manage but they are doing it and working through the growing pains.  they are not running off and hiding any time soon, i can assure you of that! honestly it seems like this board has a few guys that just want to let their steam off on someone or something because they are frustrated with life.  i think the fact that they have answered some of the trolls remarks with respect says alot.
@micah: i have backed nearly 70 project here on kickstarter in the last couple of years and only ringbow and pebblebee were the worst of them, as i am still waiting... i contacted the creator months ago because of a refund but he declined. kickstarter is a community, where people share their thoughts, ideas but also fears. kickstarter is not free of scam projects or creators lacking the ability to fullfill their part of the share. i was just trying to give a warning befor you throw all your money at it, so you can hear both sides of the tale. after all, i should have recieved my pledge reward 15 month ago, but i am still waiting. and it could go on for a nother couple of month ;)
@wonderwazek: yes, the flash sale and previous update (#3) had much in common. we’ve had many backers join the campaign since those first updates and wanted to make sure everyone knew about and had an opportunity to take advantage of the deal! anyone who has claimed a reward (toward 1 or more stones) will receive their free accessory pack. keep an eye out for our next update; it’ll include information on the next stretch goal.
... for me it's too hot in here ... * your last project is still not shipped ( pebblebee ) ... should have been on may 26 / 2014!! ... * flash sale?¿ – update 9 is nearly the same like your stretch goal! ( update 3 ) ... »well, don't forget backers, at anytime you can add $20 dollars to your reward and get an extra stone.« ... * i have reduced my financing from $110 to $1 ( i choose usa as delivery address ) ... * maybe i'll get the three sleeves – »we are excited to announce that if you help us reach 40k everyone will be getting 3 colorful silicone stone sleeves!« ... maybe not ... who knows ... * i'm going to buy this product only when i hold it in my own hands ( maybe 2017 ) ... for me there are too many maybes ...
@sophie and micah:  thank you so much for your support!  yes we do have a stretch goal planned for $60k and you will love it!  it's an improvement to the stone.  we will share more detail soon.
@sophie owerien: i’m really surprised they managed to raise that much considering their track record. you should do a bit of research before you finalize your pledge.
@malcolm buddy, i think you could learn some thing from @nick schwab on how to bring things to light when you have a concern for a project and want to get info in a fashion that can benefit the kickstarter community. it's one thing to get info, it's another to give the company a bad or worse name because you have a personal issue ongoing with them. that's something you deal with in private. not saying it's got no merit. it's just the method of dealing with it. @creator is there anymore stretch goals?
yeahi! got the 40k! congrats! excited to have 2 of the stones in germany soon! :-)
@malcolm: our apologies! we checked again and did see that you've backed a dragon. the good news is that production is in progress and we're on track to deliver in november.
"we haven't been able to verify your backer account on our previous campaign" looks like you are perfectly organized then!
@nick:  thanks for helping us pass our stretch goal of $40k!   about the other project that has nothing to do with pebblebee, we will discuss this with daniel to get more info about it, but we don't know what this is about and has nothing to do with pebblebee. @wonderwazek:  thanks so much for the idea!  we will think about it. @malcom:   we have been very clear on our previous campaign with updates on the production.  we have already shipped our honey product and we are in production of the dragons as of now.  we plan on shipping them in november.  we haven't been able to verify your backer account on our previous campaign, but if you have anymore questions please contact our support team and we can send you an update again.
warning! i backed his other project and my reward was supposed to be shipped in july 2014! that was 15 month ago... and it is not just me, no "pebblebee dragons" or refunds have been sent out so far... you really should think twice before backing this project! one more thing: znaps just announced in their latest update, that pebblebee even tried blackmailing them with an invalid patent, trying to get 20% (!) of their profits.
congrats ... three sleeves for five stones?¿ ... think about it ...
@creator - is it true that you tried to demand 20% of znaps' kickstarter funds based on a patent that you were not yet awarded by the us patent office and that you actually filed after their kickstarter campaign launched? i'm not pointing fingers here, just looking for your side of the story.
passed $40k! congrats pebblebee!
@micah: that's right! you can continue adding in $20 increments to receive additional stones at any point in the campaign. @john: yes, any alerts you have set up would be sent to the ipad or extra phone that's kept within range of the stone. currently, those alerts can not be pushed to a second device and the notifications would remain on the initial device. once home, you would be able to look at all the notifications that came through while you were gone.
added $20 to my $25 pledge for the flash sale to get another stone
the flash sale. does it mean i can select the 5 dollar one, then add 15 dollars to make it 20. i got that, can i then pledge 40 dollars total to that pledge to make it for 2 pebbles? thanks
wondering "not at home notice" function: 1. could it also send temperature or other alert rather than motion alert to ipad or extra phone? 2. could it push the alert from ipad or extra phone(has wifi connect) which is at home to the phone i have on me? or only ipad will send the alert once i arrive home? may i get alert immediately when i was outside?
@melvin: no, it can not currently be used for that, but may be able to in the future if the software is written for that to work. thank you for the suggestion!
@steven:  we do not plan on providing our code for the stone software.  we will provide example code with our api calls which will allow you to access approved hardware features.
@davin:  yes, the stone is an ibeacon although we have revolutionized it by developing a patented new breed of ibeacons with multiple onboard sensors.   if other applications support ibeacon, then they are compatible with the stone and you will be able to use the button (click or hold), motion and proximity for different triggers through the launch center pro.  assuming it has full ibeacon support.
can this be used to record using snapchat or instagram?
@creator: do you plan to release the pebblebee stone app software as open source like you planed to (but failed) with the original pebblebee campaign.
since its an ibeacon, would the stone also be able to trigger other applications that can use ibeacons, for instance launch center pro   http://contrast.co/launch-center-pro/  ? i think it could be handy to have a "home" stone, and be able to trigger an action through your app or ifttt, when coming in range of the stone, but also be able to program a different action to run with launch center as well.
@steven: the stone will use both celsius and fahrenheit to display temperature. when we added temperature as a feature on the second version of the honey, we mistakenly overlooked the need to toggle between the two for our international customers and have already added that functionality. the current ios app allows for the display to be changed, and an update for the android app is coming very soon.
does the stone use celsius or fahrenheit to display temperature? the honey is still stuck with fahrenheit, i'm sure most of the world don't use that now. you would think we would be able to switch between celsius or fahrenheit after all this time.
@oaz and @chalermpol: thanks for the support! we'll continue to include information on various functions of the stone as well as development news in our updates. @liamrc: yes, the stone does need to be within range of your smart phone to work.
one of the best videos i have ever seen ! congratz, backer now waiting for updates.
doesn't the stone have to be within range of your phone? from your updates it sounds like this is not the case.
i just watch the posted video. really interest in the function it can make from the stone. will back more.
@jo: the ifttt app does not need to be running for any ifttt actions to work that you have already programmed for your stone. tracking will need to be on to take advantage of the motion, range, and temperature features, but the multi-functional button feature works with tracking turned off. @sharon and @nils: we’ve answered this question in the faq and further down in the comments here, but we're happy to expand on those answers! the stone has always been advertised as being water resistant, not waterproof, which means that it will resist splashes. while the stone may survive brief dips into shallow water, we do not recommend it and cannot guarantee water resistance under those circumstances. we will strive to achieve maximum water resistance, however we cannot commit to an ipx rating level until the final production and testing has been completed.
@nils the stone came out from the fish tank!! yes it is waterproof!!
is the stone waterproof?  ...could i drop it into the wine in order to get the exact temperature?
does the iffft app and location tracking need to be always on for things to work?
@abdul halim mat ali - good questions. let me quickly explain how the tracking technology works. the range finder in your app translates the strength of the bluetooth connection, between the stone and your phone, into an approximate distance away. this is largely dependent on environment. if you are inside, this distance will be fairly accurate, guiding you to within 4-6 meters. if you are outdoors, with nothing obstructing the signal, the signal will be stronger which means each range indicator color (red, yellow, green) accounts for more distance. it does not show you the direction the device is in. the stone tracks change of motion, change of temperature and change of proximity and can be programmed to trigger something to happen when those things do change. @sharon - there is also a map you can pull up in the app but it does not show live geographic location. anytime your phone is within range of the stone, the phone will receive signal from the stone and update the location on the map, numerous times every minute. when you pull up the map, it will show a pin on the map where the stone was last detected, as well as a timestamp. this is called last seen location and is accurate to within a block on your map. this helps you find the keys or wallet you left behind earlier that day but is not ideal for children since it must be within range to provide a current location. while it is a great supplement to other loss prevention tactics, the stone should not be solely relied on for tracking children, or really anyone.
@creator can i hang the stone on my child and when my child runs off i can see from the map where my child is?? will there be like a tracking map?? eg on the map my child is red dot and my phone is blue dot and as i'm closing in i can see the 2 dots getting closer?? on ur video u show the green lines as u get closer, but can there be a map?? so i can see which direction my child ran off to??
@creator. how about direction? can the app show? also, how accurate is the distance? up to how many meters?
@abdul: ibeacon devices, including the stone, include some extra calibration data. this allows the software to gauge accuracy (in meters) for better distance estimation. the honey just provides raw signal strength currently. and yes, the stone is compatible with android phones running 4.4 or newer.
@creator.  can you explain how does the ibeacon help to improve tracking or other functionality as compared to pebblebee honey?  also, does the ibeacon work in android?
@jo:  we’ve gathered some examples straight from employees here at the office and will also be devoting an update specifically to ifttt! 1. some of us here at pebblebee have a current ifttt recipe that records our hours based on the location of our phone (ifttt app installed and at work). we have noticed, and i'm sure you have also, location services on your phone are degraded when you are indoors. the stone is a great indoor location solution; your phone will do a fantastic job of knowing when you are close to your stone and when you have left it. once ifttt is set up, we will be able to record hours accurately and effortlessly using the stone. 2. a silly example: jon enjoys fantasy football, and ifttt has a recipe that allows you to pick up an unclaimed player. the stone can be the trigger to pick up your predetermined player! 3. finally, take a look at the do app by ifttt (it shows up as do button by ifttt). rather than unlocking your phone and using the button, the stone can be your button to trigger actions.
@backers: think before you part with your cash. take a look at the comments on the original pebblebee campaign. take a look at the pebblebee app reviews for android and ios. i for one never use my honey the whole hardware/software package is not  ready after over a year of extra development. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/192833321/pebblebee-the-most-versatile-ios-android-bluetooth/comments
hi, i am kind of new to the ifttt. i currently only own hue... can you provide more examples of how it can aid in daily activities? thanks!:)
@gerardo: yes! the stone is designed specifically with that in mind. up to 17 stones can be added to a single account, allowing you to create tons of shortcuts.
if i get multiple stones can i connect them to one device
@creator: you have failed to answer many questions on the original pebblebee campaign, so as you are in the mood for answering questions will you ever make the original pebblebee open source?
@sri: sorry, noticed we failed to answer one of your questions! the hornet and stone are completely different in terms of hardware/firmware/etc. the primary difference (among many) is that the stone is an ibeacon, which means it does not require the app to be running to work.
@trenton and @sharon: we appreciate the support! @sri: yes, the hornets are on track and we will continue to update backers through the original campaign.  the stone has always been advertised as being water resistant, not waterproof, which means that it will resist splashes. the updated estimate for battery life with tracking turned off is 1 year or longer. we're currently running tests on battery consumption with tracking turned on, with the goal of optimizing tracking and minimizing battery draw. more information on that will be available later!
are you still on track to delivery hornets by nov 15th? do the hornets and stone share same/similar hardware/firmware? you said the stone is waterproof, yet in faqs you mentioned it will resist splashes and suggested we should buy a silicone sleeve if we want better protection? so, its not truly water-proof. what is the expected battery life with tracking turned on (you mentioned 6 months with tracker turned off)
@creator i don't mind being ur overseas beta tester if u send 1 over. my baby can help u test how waterproof it is. lol..... if u want she can test for bite proof and drop proof too!!!
i am really intrigued with the concept of marketing all of the "bells and whistles" of a technology rather than target a core problem. this goes against all of the advice i have received from successful entrepreneurs. color me impressed, and i look forward to having my own stone. you guys rock!
@gerardo: yes! at any point in the campaign you will be able to add an additional $20 to your pledge to get another stone.
i am currently pledging 25 for the one stone, but if i want another one can i just add 20 to the pledge? thank you.
@adrian: we're working with local police departments to integrate the stone but are currently in the early stages of this process. the great news is that the stone will ship with built-in safety features of its own! users can program a text to be sent to pre-determined friends that includes the user's current location. yes, the stone can be shared between users, especially valuable for maximizing the tracking features. for beta testing, we will open it up in the next couple of weeks to the kickstarter backers. we'll request applicants through an update, so please keep an eye out for that. @jonathan: good question! we've designed the stone button to require enough pressure to press the button that it will not accidentally be pressed in a pocket.
hi, will the button get pushed in my pocket?  i like the button feature but don't want to "butt text" anyone.
@yad and @liamrc: yes, for the rest of the campaign, whenever you feel the need to add another stone it will only cost your 20 dollars. this is a special for everyone who helped us reach the goal by supporting our early bird reward promotions.
hi, i've gotten in on the early bird and have a few questions.  1. please expand on the integration with safe places, what does this mean?  2. will the device be shareable in any way? 3. what is the possibility of becoming a beta tester?  looking forward to your response and my stone in the mail!
so if u got the early bird for one stone just add an additional $20 to that pledge i will get additional stone. thx
so if i'm an early bird and got the $20 pledge, to get two stones i just have to add another $20?
stretch goal is every super early bird gets a free stone!!!! lol!!!!  :p
@ basilb - yes there will be stretch goals! we will let you know in an announcement soon. you know your kickstarter. :)
@fridolin, sharon, ritu:  yes!  you can add $20 to your pledge and double the amount of stones you receive if you are already an early bird backer.  note that you can get the same discount if you pledge for the set of eight (x8 stones).    thanks so much for your support! @kevin:  see below comment @fredrik #2.
+1 for doubling my early bird and triple actions for the stone!!
i would also like to know can we double our super early bird by adding $20?? @kelvin the answer u want is below, scroll down to read.
any stretch goals?
hi team! keep up the great work =) also, i would like to inquire if there is a possibility to incorporate a triple action button, e.g. click, hold and (maybe) double click? this will definitely bring life to a party when i can play/stop, forward and repeat songs look forward to hearing more updates from you awesome people!
if we are super early bird supporters can we opt to increase the number of stones we get at that price?
@leo, thanks for your support!
@jonathan colls- the primary difference between the two is that as an ibeacon device, the stone does not require the app to be running in the background to work, while the hornet does. @dhoot- we are still making final firmware integration development but we have already submitted for hardware production.  we are also building our app on ios and android.   we will be sending out a select few stones to our igg backers for beta testing very soon for feedback and review. @fredrik-  1. more campaigning = a better product, in more ways than one. not only do we get more feedback on what users want and another opportunity to test marketing strategy before releasing, raising more money allows us to make the best product possible. 2. we tested with several configurations and found that people got confused when there were multiple choices on multiple stones.  we decided to make it simple and only allow single and hold button triggers.  we may enable more features later once we've proven there is more demand for a third trigger.  at this time, we are the only device that is capable of doing so many actions on your phone without the app even running on your phone, including proximity, motion and temperature triggers. 3. yes!  anything that has an ifttt channel can work with our stones. 4. there have never been plans to include a speaker in the stone and it does not have one.  the stone is a shortcut button + tracker.  if you are looking for a finder, we offer the honey (available on our website); it helps you find your stuff with a loud buzzer, a built in led, and helps you find your phone as well. @victoria pacheco vargas- it looks like you successfully pledged $20 for the 1 stone. feel free to contact support@pebblebee.com or message us here with any additional questions. thank you for your support!
where can i find the price???
best wishes, daniel & team!
hi, how come you do a kickstarter campaign just after you successfully finished your indiegogo campaign in aug? why do you only have a dual-action button instead of a triple action button (click, double click, and hold) like the flic button (that raised over $900k on indiegogo)? does the stone work with hue, harmony hub, nest, august smartlock, etc like the flic? is there a loud speaker in the stone as you claim in your indiegogo campaign? will your indiegogo backers get their stone in nov, as you promised them there?
1)  so you are done with the 2nd prototpye and beta fullment according to the sept. timeline object, and you are going to production in oct. ?    2)  there is no more hw or sw development?
good luck with this campaign. i'm still patiently waiting for my hornet. sticker for trackers so gone for one off these too. are there any differences between the tracking capabilities of the stone and hornet?
@amy c - that is a good question and one we expect to come up a lot. our first kickstarter campaign included 3 products: the honey, hornet, and dragon. the honey was actually delivered on time and is already in its second version. the dragon and hornet, on the other hand, turned out to be much more complex products to build than we originally anticipated and we are not into skimping on building products to meet a deadline. instead, we have expanded our team, allowing us to dedicate developers to the dragon/hornet, while also moving forward with new products. as an early stage startup, continual growth is key. given the speed at which the tech industry moves, when we come up with a new product, being quick about bringing it to market is incredibly important or else someone may do it first. that is why we have started crowdfunding for new a new product before another is released. does that make sense? thank you for asking! we are much closer to delivering the stone than we were for the dragon at the point of that campaign so there is no worry of us repeating the same mistake. we learned much from that first campaign and are excited to deliver the stone on time. team pebblebee
while this looks like a very interesting project and useful gadget in isolation, i'm a little concerned that when i look at your previous project it has been seriously delayed and is still not yet complete.  why have you taken the decision to launch a new project when you are yet to fulfil your obligations to backers of your previous campaign?  surely a better approach would be to devote all your time and attention to your previous campaign and backers before taking on an entirely new batch of backers and obligations?
