my throttle broke too , emailed them but no response. i've had issues with the brakes too.
i'm not sure if anyone is still following these comments, but has anyone experienced a brake failure? i've had a few where the brakes would suddenly stop working, luckily i would be able to hop off without an accident. to fix, i would have to loosen the brake cable near the disk brakes and re tighten.
my local bike shop fixes mine from time to time.  check with your local bike shop.
i have a broken throttle. i've been calling and emailing through the momas website but no response for weeks now. does anyone know where i can buy a replacement thumb throttle?
is there anyone who have problems with the brake? i tried everything but it is not working properly.
i'm interested benji. please email me at ben39@wuconnect.com
bought one and just haven't been using it.  anyone interested in buying one in the sf bay area?  less than 5 miles on mine
eric go to http://gomomas.com/ and ask if you can send it in for repair.
i was riding my scooter in the rain and i bumped into a pole. one of the front locks that keep the handlebars locked in the ride position broke and now the scooter is unusable because it won't stay in the riding position. whats the best way to fix this?
got another flat on rear tire, i live in az cactus needles everywhere.  this time going to try to fix it myself.  anyone have  any tips?
i just got mine and i have problem with brake. the whole wheel is not in center and also in slight angle. i had to untight it so i can you it otherwise it is hot in 30 sec. this is just not right. also any paper instructions-really?
how to tighten the the handle bars, they keep dropping down for with any weight on them.  how to tighten the screw? i don't know what to use that won't strip it.
does anyone have a wobbly rear wheel/disk? not sure how to adjust the pads on the brake. does anyone have any suggestions to cure this? thanks
fixed the tire, wasn't too bad. took me about 45 minutes trying to figure out things. got momas to about 24 mph on level ground.
thanks john and ben. i've changed a flat  before but i don't know how i could handle the hub. i'll give it a try and see what happens
i got a flat recently too.  the rear tire got low and stem seperated from the tube.  had a local bike shop change it on a sunday no less. they told me that it was two man job and took two hours because all the bolt and screws that need to be removed to get the rear hub off.   also the hub is wired into the battery no way to disconnect it.  someone had to hold the hub while the tube was changed.   it back together now and all is fine.   btw got 92 miles on it and got it up to 25.3 mph on level ground.   i like my momas.
i got a flat on the rear tire a few weeks back. i patched the innertube up just like you would on a bike tire, and it's working nicely. it wasn't too hard to do if you know how to fix a flat on a bike. you do have to disassemble things a bit if it's the rear tire, but it's not too bad. if you don't know how to fix a bike tire flat, it could be a bit tricky. you can easily get replacement tubes on ebay.
put over 60 miles on so far. it's been fun but recently got a rear flat. anybody know how i fix this? can i just replace the tube? where can i find a tube that size?
flying is right, yesterday had high winds did 13 mph facing a head wind.  today on way to work did 23.5 mph rider is 220 lbs with a 21 lbs backpack.  was having so much fun blew by work and went in a 7.5 mile munzee run.
same here.  no issues with power loss.  however, not enough power to get up some of these sf hills but their could also be some other contributing factors to that besides the hills.  i took it out to the country a few weeks ago.  it flies on straight flat roads.  i've put about 55 miles on the scooter.
i got no problem with the scooter...so far so good
it has been a while but today, the scooter started losing power intermittently. the display is bright and fully functional and shows almost full power, but the motor will start to sputter along and eventually stop. after waiting for about 10 seconds or so, the power will come back, but then after riding it for a while the power starts to sputter along. anyone else have this problem?
so far i've put about 43 miles on my momas scooter and no issue so far with the operation.  well maybe one or two issues.  the controller seems to move if i push too hard i can always easily slide it back.  the second is charging the device, if i plug in the charger at 5:30 even at 10:30 it's not fully charged. it is fully charged by the next morning.  i have a question about charging should i run it completely dead before i charge it or can i charge it after every use? what is better for the battery? overall i'm really happy with scooter it's really fun to ride and i'm going to work really cheap.
sarah - loctite comes in many favors so to speak. i think the type you need is called threadlocker, and it should be removable. be sure to read the packaging though.
thanks ben, i've put 30+ miles on it so far and it happened once recently, i haven't taken it out again since because it's pretty scary when that happened in the road with speeding cars. is loctite removable? just in case it doesn't work...
sarah - i've lost power a couple of times in mid use. the power came back after a few minute or so. it has not happened for a while though, and i use the scooter almost every weekday for my 5 mile each way commute. perhaps there needs to be a burn in period or something. for your handle bar, mine seems to stay put ok. there's a product available in almost all hardware stores including home depot called loctite. it's like a special glue for screws. that would a probably help.
cruise control- apparently it's not available at this time with our current unit. was told that in can be updated/replaced at some point but didn't get much info otherwise. carry bag- nice bag...if you can fit your scooter in there. i can't. losing power mid ride- has anyone else experience sudden loss of power? not complete shut down but very slow to the point of walking it. power came back to full speed much later but that sudden decrease in speed put me in a dangerous place in the road :( would really love to avoid this in the future. (i have not changed any default settings, just km to mi display and nothing else since) handle bar adjustment- mine became very loose, tightened up the knob some more but loose again. this is another dangerous issue as it will drop down mid ride and almost make me lose control in the road.
anyone with the momas bag, have you successfully gotten the scooter fully in the bag?  i can't seem to zip it over the handle bars.
what are those p10 p11 p14 p15 etc?
has anyone gotten the cruise control to work?
is the rubbing of the disc brake when the brake is not engaged something of concern?
hi.  if someone doesn't mind, can you take a moment to post each of the default values on each of the p01 to p15 pages in the settings mode, i would really appreciate it.
i was surprised to get my scooter so fast after they had updated me on it clearing custom which was great. i was able to ride it for about 10 miles for a couple days. the ride is comfortable as i've tried a couple electric scooters with skateboard wheels. a couple things though, i adjusted the handlebars and the brakes stuck so i brought it back down. another thing, when i went to charge it, i didn't charge. the green light on the charger is on but the led screen doesn't light up although its plugged in. it's been a couple days and still no charge. anybody had an issue with this?
i got my scooter earlier this week and rode it around in a different setting than most of you. my home is basically a rural plant farm with gravel roads with sandy spots as well as packed red clay. i'm not expecting to go really fast on these roads but it does handle quite nicely with the exception of the sand pits and mud. the tires handle the rough surfaces well and my 6 year old nephew has no problem riding it. i seriously love this thing!
my carrying case just arrived!  fast service thank you.  have been enjoying the scooter.
for the battery, at times it may show green when it gets hot.. so what you can do is off the charger first and wait for the light to turn off and on it back....
thanks sarah, that what i am thinking at this point, the screen only shows half charge and the green light is on.
mitch, the light on the power brick should go from green to red when you plug it into the scooter, if it doesn't, your scooter doesn't need a charge (which doesn't sound like your case) or there's potentially a problem with the connection point or power cable itself.
is there anything special that has to be done to charge this thing, any settings, or just plug it in?
confirmed mine went from red to green...
mines weird, it shows a green light as if it is charged but the led screen only has 4 bars of battery life?
how do you know if it's charged?  there's a red light on the charger brick. does that turn off or turn green?   i can't believe there aren't instructions included or available online.  that's just dangerous...
any issues charging, mine has been plugged in all day and it is still only at 4 bars?  any special charging instructions, the green light is on but i there seems to be no to tell on the scooter if its charging?
still waiting on my bag and both of my scooters came in over a week ago!  no reply to my message yet???
hi wang  facing the front of the scooter twist the clear lens to the left quarter of an inch.   it should come off.   then you can pull out the light and remove the plastic from the battery.
hi! i just got my moma and i'm super excited to use it but the scooter didn't come with any instructions and when i went to the product website there also were not any instructions. is there an instructions booklet online or was it posted anywhere. frankly right now i don't even know how to turn it on =/ also for the front lights i don't know if it's just mine but the isolation plastic for the battery seems to be stuck and i can't pull it out from under the clear cover. i didn't pull too hard since i don't want to rip it. how do i open the front cover of the  front light to take out the plastic isolation? thank you,
i like to get the default setting too, i set the light to 2 and the kick to drive on and i think i might have accidentally set something the slowed my top speed to 17 mph on level 3.   before i did the setting it was faster than that.
hi folks.  if someone can take a moment to post each of the default values on each of the p01 to p15 pages in the settings mode, i would really appreciate it.  i would like to try to get mine back to factory defaults.
first, let's give a cheer for the momas crew for delivering the product! got mine today and looking forward to riding and commuting to and from work! there is no other points, haha...just glad the campaign cam through.
i got mine yesterday.  on the controller, there seems to be a screw missing (there was a label 36l next to the hole).  as the result, the controller is loose.  anyone else have the same issue?
sarah, on the handle bar height... with the clamp open, tighten the nut on the opposite side and then close the clamp again. it is adjustable and i found mine was loose upon shipping as well. a little turn and all is right.
nice instructions!!! going to give that torque thing a try
that's great debby but he's not responding to my messages here nor on the contact form, he used to but that stopped after i received my scooter.
actually he does read the comments.  when i called him but didn't leave a message within 5 minutes after hanging up i got a phone call from him.  i asked about instructions and he indicated this weekend.  he asked about my message of not receiving a bag when he didn't have me down for one.  we got that cleared up and he will ship the bag.
the clip that lets you adjust the handle bar height seems too loose, mine slips down to the base with slight pressure, any way to fix this? i've sent questions but seems like ejoe just stopped reading once they got shipped out.
the red button will on your back light to stay
backer number 7 received momas today.  no tracking number provided, also no instructions, and no carrying bag.  cats like the plastic bag the momas came in.  plastic bag best toy ever under supervision.
what does the red button on the left do?
i have received my two scooters, but not my bag yet.  i never did receive any tracking #'s.  i also hear the noise coming from the rear tire.  instructions on how to change to mph would be great.
thanks jeremy!  now showing mph.  i got mine today as well without any advance tracking notice.  i'm in san francisco (and weigh about 170).  even at #3 power level the scooter has a tough time going up the hills.  it flies on flat streets though.
thanks for info jeremy my display is now showing mph.   does anyone know how to get the cruise control to work.
jeremy wu thanks for that tip!
john sasser, the carry bag has wheels on it, like a golf bag. it's well made but im having trouble fitting the scooter in there, it seems a bit small. guessing there's some sort of trick to it :/ the bag has an inner pocket, velcro straps to hold it in place and a zippered flap that will let you (allegedly) charge from outside.
rode the momas today, smooth ride and quiet.  took is on a munzee run in 92 degree heat, seemed to have no issues.  need to practice with using the brakes, left a nice skid mark which wasn't my intention.  on a test ride to work got it up to 37 kph which is 22.99 mph.  one thing i notice is going full throttle on 3 power level shows to bars if i release the throttle it back up to half way mark.  all in all it a great scooter like to get a bag for it, but didn't order one does the bag have wheels on it?
also the hub rubbing noise after closer inspection is because the rear wheel does not rotate perfectly, hence the disc brake hits the metal brake pads held with magnets. there's not enough clearance to add a spacer and the pads aren't rubber that easily wear off. kind of alarming how the rear wheel aren't trued tho, safety concern?
fyi hold down plus and minus and navigate settings through the power button, you don't really know what you're setting so it'd be helpful if e-joe can respond to it as none of us got any instructions. as you scroll though the pages you'll see km lit up and just click plus/minus to change to miles if you prefer.
someone asked me if it was really electric because it's so quiet they didn't hear me behind them, i have a feeling the noise is largely heard by the rider but not in passing.
i also got my momas by surprise, no tracking issued!  took it out for a spin, lots of bumpy roads, you don't really steer as much as you shift your weight into a turn. the carry bag seems too small to fit, any trick into actually getting the scooter in there??? john sasser, the red button turns on the rear red light, test it by powering the scooter on them pushing the button, then pull the breaks, you'll see a secondary set of lights indicating your breaking.
i got my momas today, it was a surprise cause i didn't know it was coming and being a victim of the vomo scam i'm happy for finally getting a scooter.  it's pretty solid and i rode it around the lot.  the lot is rough but it was a smooth ride.  will ride it more tomorrow, have some questions, 1. want does the red button on the right do?  1.  display in metric and i don't what to do the math how do you change it to imperial?
i got mine an hour ago despite given no tracking info and tested it around palo alto (mainly flats). it handles bumps pretty decent, only ridable i tried before was a boosted so i don't have much experience but momas is pretty easy to ride. the rear hub does have a noise noticeable mentioned by dongmin. as for joemel's issue of missing carrying bag, i got the bag with the momas in the box. i was able to hit 18mile in about 30 sec, maybe can go higher if there's a road long enough to test. my main complaint would be the rear hub brushing noise, i intended to ride this inside an office building and may be an issue.
i just got mine today, and it's good. i have another electric scooter ordered via aliexpress that has 8in wheels, and the momas is better. it can handle moderate hills ok, and if the hill is too steep, i can help it along by pushing with it while going full throttle. i don't think there's an electric push scooter out there that can handle steep hills without assistance. compared with my 8" wheeled scooter, the momas is noticeably larger, but you don't really notice it while riding it. it's lighter than my 8" scooter despite being larger. brakes are good. my 8" wheeled scooter has front shocks while the momas does not, but the two feel the same when hitting cracks and bumps. instructions were not provided on how to change the display from km to miles. cruise control does not work, and it does not have the safety feature of not starting unless you're moving. i'm sure there's a way to enable that safety feature and changing the display. i'm going at trying using it to commute to work this week, so hopefully it works ok?
lol marco you really did get around town,  think i'll copy you and scoot around gg park on my first trip out. can't wait!
oh and by full speed? you mean full throttle? then yes. speed 3 full throttle. i was going about 3mph and that's from a dead stop. but if i had  momentum going up then that's a different story but then again i would have made it up half a block lol... and yes i was actually walking up the hill lol.. rather save that battery
i went up from scott to post to broderick to clay to lake street all the way to 30ave to balboa. come back i went thru golden gate park. it was a blast going thru it!  was going between 15-20 mph. i don't have a tire gauge with me but it does feel inflated.. and if anyone want to know the actual weight...it's 31.8lb, so 32lb. that's just the scooter by it self.  i weight about 210lb.. if that helps
marco, were you going up hill full speed? i'm also in sf, can i ask what street you were going up? maybe your tires are a bit soft, which i would actually like to know, what is the proper pressure on these 10 in wheels??
after 6miles of flat and some hills... there's a clicking sound coming from the back rear fender it's something hitting under.. i can feel it on the board.. flats, according to the display i reached 22mph.. at that speed there's a lot of vibration. going down hill was sketchy too. hills or i wouldn't even call it hills... it shrugs to go up. i'm talking about ramp type hills. i'm located in sf so yea... it took me 40mins to go 6miles.. lol.. i have about half battery left. btw i was on speed 3.
could someone take a picture of right side of rear wheel? mine seems to have problem. air injector is bent outward and rubs inside wall so it make annoying sound at every cycle. https://goo.gl/photos/bjljicbjdxfrq8mi8
ben your so lucky, i'm still waiting for mine and i'm also from san fran.
got mine today and took it for a quick spin. fun but not as powerful as i hoped on hills.
how's tier two doing?
just got my fedex tracking #. i'm in the san francisco bay area.
received my scooter. didn't come with instruction or manual. it also didn't come with a carrying bag. i thought it was. are we still getting the carrying bag?
it is very intuitive to ride but the instruction will help to know how to set cruse mode and to choose low, med, high speed. probably update with video instruction will work at this stage. thanks
wooo it's big... thought it would be half its size lol... would be nice if you guys include instructions on the display. how do i switch from kpm to mph? and what are those p1setting? hope i didn't mess anything up. also a little concerned on the stem (whatever you want to call it) i stood on it assumed once i put it up right it would lock but i guess you have to push it completely to lock.
bigger than expected. weighs around 29lb. but smooth riding and quite well built. i like my momas.
did you guys weigh the scooter by itself or are you going by the shipping label on the box? it could be that they've added the charging cable and packaging into the weight.
sarah, dongmin;  well that is disappointing.  i joined the campaign because this scooter was comparable to the eccorecco, yet considerably lighter.  the eccorecco weighs 34 pounds and the momas was about advertised as 28 pounds.  six pounds may not seam like much, but when you are carrying a scooter onto metra trains and buses it makes a big difference.
campaign described it as weighing 28.6lbs vs 31.5lbs in reality. why the 3lb difference?
it's 14.3kg
for me its heavy. according tk e-joe, its 14kg...
dongmin yu, how much does the scooter weigh?
finally got the product. it's a bit bigger and a bit heavy than expected but my expectation might be wrong from campagin pictures. no chance to ride it as i got it at night. hope it has no issue. no operation manual but it looks intuitive.
no answer for so long
i am wondering if the shipping container had product from another company like a hoverboard maker.  customs is cracking down hard on hoverboards because of a potential incendiary risk from their battery packs.   if that's the case, this could be a long wait.  i hope that i am wrong.
what is the customs update?
i still cant go to cruising mode...
it weighs 14kg...but just that it is still very heavy to be carried around...
it was supposed to weigh, 28.6 lbs. does the final product weigh more than that?!
its heavy martin...trust me...but the scooter looks really nice..
anyone have a review of their new scooter?   is it as cool as it looks?  how much does it weigh?  how is the ride?
i still do not understand why it cant go to cruising mode.
@creator i am not able to go to cruise control.. i hope u could help me with it...
i tried the scooter already... it looks premium...however there is some cons of it...such as the way the cables r kept...the weight of it....n it vibrates alot when riding too...but overall it feels good riding on....he design is also nice...n it gots alot of power n braking....
i think i receive the electric scooter already. havent open yet n try
still waiting for the scooter with alot of delays...
update?
there seems to be some confusion regarding customs inspections, import duties/taxes, shipping timelines, and tracking numbers. an update to clarify these things would be welcome.
anyone gotten any tracking number yet?
if they're hoping/estimating 7-10 business days to clear the exam, we still have a few days to go before it can be shipped.
so when is expected delivery for us?  what is expected time to get out of customs?
@creator can i get mmy tracking number? when will it arrive singapore? is it even out for shipping already?
what he means is do not need to oay extra other than the $30...i need to pay also...
i don't remember free shipping in the u.s.  i had to pay $30 at the time of my pledge.
@e-joe who guarantees that we have nothing to pay more than the 281,25 $ you want. i have not good experience with shipping from china to germany. in some cases they did not fix the bill outside the package and the transport company did not deliver it. then we have to declare customs ourself and to pay for it. sorry for having this bad experience.
can we have the tracking number? and how long will it reach to us in singapore?
@volker: no, according to shipping company, the recipient  (addressee) will not pay for the customs and tax at the their country. you just get the scooter. yes, many apologies if sounded unprofessional; before we are under the impression that we only pay shipping fare and the recipient will bear the customs/import tax there but it turned out the shipping/logistics company required us to prepay the customs/import tax beforehand.
shipping has been prepared for singapore (first group) that has cleared to go
as mentioned in the message, the shipping company required to prepay the customs duties first before the shipment goes; so asking to share the burden is fair. moreover, we gave options to either refund the money or help us share the burden (because otherwise it would be too steep of total shipping cost).
they promised free shipping worldwide. now they want 281,25 $ or the half of it (half way?). but the addressee has to pay in his country the customs and tax, too. that is very unprofessional!
who is paying it? (asking from germany)
anyone receive yet?
oh dear that's quite a lot :(
you are right. i was asked to pay half of it or i get my refund back.
thats alot...hmmm
i'm from germany. about 281$.
hie florian,can i know where are u from?and how much extra u need to pay
i also need to extra pay. but i just want my money back.
do anyone else need to pay extra?
i am from singapore, just being ask to pay extra for air delivery and custom charges and contact number too...
just been asked that they need my phone number for delivery. i am in south california.
just been notified that they can't deliver to australia :(
the cbt intensive exam is a time consuming and expensive process. not only does it require a thorough search your container and all of the freight in it, this exam has hefty fees associated with it.  the importer is responsible for payment of those fees before the container can be released from the port.  an intensive exam is usually initiated after something suspicious or indicative of high risk is spotted. intensive examinations require freight to be moved off-port to a customs station. each piece of cargo maybe taken apart and inspected. because the freight is not yet released by u.s. customs, your forwarder must use a bonded carrier in order to move the cargo to the ces.  once the container arrives at the ces, it may wait up to two weeks or more in line depending on how many are in the queue.  . an intensive exam can range in cost from $500 to well over $2000, depending on the port and quantity of freight involved.
are the backers going to have to pick up the tab for the cet exam? the charges to the importer can be astronomical.
http://howtoexportimport.com/what-is-intensive-exam-cet-exam-in-us-import-clear-172.aspx
at least the ship arrived!  didn't sink.  hopefully cet exam won't take too long.
i sent them a messege, did they just stop reading comments here? packages are being stolen like crazy in my neighborhood so it's really important to have tracking :/
did the container make it through customs?
nothing yet
any news? i'm getting a little concerned about the lack of updates. us deliveries should be in full swing according to the last email sent out in january, but i haven't seen any comments from anyone who has received a scooter.
well it's mid feb now and i don't have a tracking number yet, any chance you can give us an update on the situation?
anybody received?
did anyone tried to email e-joe and gotten a reply?
from what i read the message send by e-joe, high chance it means that they ship the scooter by sea. therefore i think it will take at leasg 2 weeks for it to reach on board and followed by custom check and domestic delivery.
update please
interesting update by vomo on kickstarter about customs delays from china.  apparently their shipping company combined their scooters with electric hover-boards from another company. the hover-boards are known to have battery issues during air shipment and customs is taking extra precautions.  here's hoping our scooters don't have the same issue.
"i am glad to inform you that we've finally shipped out most of the scooters to our backers and they should be delivered to you backers (eta) by mid february...it's getting very hard to find a shipping cargo company that's willing to ship it individually by air)." in the first part you say they're shipped and then you say it's "getting hard" to find air shipping, so which is it? i'm just not sure what is going where and how, if they're already shipped wouldn't we have tracking by now?
they got to be shipping on ship since you probably can't even ship one on a commercial flight because of the large lithium battery. i'm guessing!
lets try to wait till next week see what happens then...
not sure how long it will take to ship from the factory in china.
for us it will not effect according to e-joe.
not sure if/how cny will effect shipping if the product is already in the us, i am just thinking that since they're having a hard time with air shipping, that ground shipping might take a while.
i do not think anyone receive the escooter yet. i got an email from them saying that the shipping will only send out after 14th february as now the shipping is busy with the chinese new year. so lets hope for next week to see whats there for us.
that's too bad! i guess e-joe made enough scooters for tier 1, i'm on tier 2. thank you sarah for answering. i'm still hoping for the best i might get the shirt since somethings creator's include smaller pledges because they don't want to re-type them in every reward.
no tracking for sf delivery yet, possibly missing that "mid feb delivery" if it doesn't show up soon. there was no t shirt in the tier that i pledged, it seems that it is not included for everyone.
has anyone received a tracking number or they're going to just send without a notice? and does anyone know does everyone gets a shirt or just those pledgers.
lol thanks debby, if it's as good as it looks i might buy a second one for the bf.
have u all receive your scooter?just asking.
way back when i was told the following -  battery is $350. charger is $35 carrying case is $50. cheaper to order another momas with the coupon code.
i remember they've said you can buy the tires any where but i'm not sure about extra charger.
will there be parts for sale? tires...additional chargers...batteries?
i email e-joe. and they said they could only ship mine after the chinese new year. however for us residents they could get shipping right away. so for mine in singapore will be delayed more. maybe a week or 2 after the new year.
@muhammad yes, i got it. it's amazing. runs about 40mph and reaches 50mi. it's great. ok, stop. can't you read??? it will be delivered by mid feb.
wow, they look amazing. can't wait to receive mine.
have anyone receive their electric scooter?
will tracking numbers be provided?
i think for us is a yes and for non-us is a no...
did the momas get shipped?
wondering eill i get it as early backer. i pledge the 399
nice!
thanks for the update, looks good.
update please :)
starting to get close to original shipment date, update would be nice
can we get an update please?
jeremy, i saw the link u gave out, did you. you maybe able to purchase, but good luck getting one. they don't even look like their in production. all their picture don't match like they put all their concepts together and hoped for the best. just because they added a light, similar brakes, and motor doesn't mean who copied who. their are many scooters out there that looks similar. if you are worried about your scooter you pledged for on momas, don't worry if you saw their previous update they got most of their parts and they're getting ready for production.
i almost wanted to pledge for vomo back then...may i know whag happen to vomo
yeah, vomo is a good lesson to learn from.  at least e-joe is established and has brand reputation to protect.  hopefully they won't pull a vomo.
if you look on alibaba or aliexpress, you'll see many electric kick scooters. many look similar to each other and probably with momas. the reason i liked the momas is that there's an actual legitimate company behind it which has a track record. it also helps that they're located in california where i am. if you purchase from alibaba or aliexpress, good luck getting any support. to see how important support is for these type of scooters, do a search for vomo in indigogo...
@kent did you even click the link? other than the board and the color of the inner wheel it's all the same. same exact wheel size and front spoke design with rear disc brake, same front light and back fender, same folding mechanism for the handlebar. do explain how your eyes not see the similarity. with the lack of any design/engineering/behind-the-scene in the intro video for the momas, i believe there is enough for me to suspect this, especially when the chinese copies seem to be shipping. please do think before calling someone a liar and be intellectual.
jer, stop lying. there's no similarity at all. stop worrying just because it looks similar to you doesn't mean it is similar. besides according to the youtube channel you mentioned they made a mini segway, everyone knows who invented the segway (not them), so of course they've copied someone not the other way around, or they might say they've made their own version, other than copy, right jer.
update: they have a youtube channel as well https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucwhj3eh_d5wysgod6dhkxxa
there's a scooter that looks extremely similar with just the throttle changed (they even have the original white throttle as pictured in momas, now it looks like it's from eco-reco), they are also claiming a 500w motor and has suspension on the front wheel. i'm almost 100% certain that the range and speed are exaggerated but would like to know who is copying who exactly. ref: http://www.alibaba.com/product-detail/tne-q4-140km-34ah-electric-scooter_60358332933.html…
http://www.alibaba.com/product-detail/tne-q4-140km-34ah-electric-scooter_60358332933.html…
thanks for the update
thank you for your newest update!
with 2016 officially here, isn't it time for an update?
happy new year everyone.  it's now a race for which will arrive first the momas or the halfbike ii from a different kickstarter campaign.
it has been so quier..and 2016 is around the corner alreqdy...please give us some updates...thanks alot...
update on the timeline progress please.
would love an update :)
i would love to have an update too
update please!
the light needs to stay. if you don't like it then remove the front yourself. the throttle on the other hand needs to be changed to black. how are the time lines going? still on for next month?
oliver, with some past pledges i've made that's exactly what you think it meant. the third tier will probably get theirs on february. third tier probably means third batch in production, i'm guessing. basically, first come, first serve, trying not to be mean.
i think an update is due... also i was wondering if you could answer my question - 'will earlybird tier 3 get theirs later than the other tiers? it says feb not jan like the others' i'm tier 3 so i would love it to get it when everybody else does
the light is necessary for safety.  it seems like the front light is removable anyway by yourself.
can we have updates on the electric scooter?
i think the light should stay...as it would be easier if you travelling at a dark area or night
so removing both the head and taillights would save about 1/2 pound?  i would only be using it during the day to connect with mass transit, so the lighter the better.
removing the light doesn't save too much weight. it's barely 0.25 lbs
i prefer a black throttle.
so just out of curiosity, how much weight would be saved by removing the lights?
looks like the black vote wins :)
black - all black.  any new update?
so long no updates
will earlybird tier 3 get theirs later than the other tiers?  it says feb not jan like the others
updates
please black throttle!
i prefer the white
i think the front light is fine.  it makes it easily replaceable and i don't think it will be an issue unless e-joe has poor warranty support.
ok then black will do
i'm also for a black throttle
black!
black throttle please!
i think i'd prefer black for throttle.  thanks for the update.
the front light we can't do much about due to finished molding (need to make another molding if we have to incorporate the front light onto the frame). the throttle color is debatable; can be white or black. as of now, we're still going with white.
the black colour is the grip you talking about...
the trottle is whitr currectly..i guess u get mix up...
everyone voice your opinion for the throttle color - i vote black, and not white as it appears now.
maybe for the front light should be the msin focus....it don't seem solid enough to hold there long...the rest of the parts looks good to me already...
but if the throttle were to be black...then the whole scooter would be all black...isnt it abit boring...there should be something standout of the scooter....for me the white do not seem tk be just plain white..off white colour would ne nice too..it is just my opinion though....
throttle should be black.  i think the front light looks like it is going to break off.  given the small size of leds it seems that it should be built into the front fender the same way the rear light is.
black! black! black!
no muhammad, the pledges said january and february
i taught it can be ready by end of december?
really want to purchase a bag as well.... is there a way to do an add on?
i would love to see pictures of the final product and how close it is to what was being used in the campaign. i am also curious about the carrying bag, will it have room for accessories like a helmet or even the charger?
e-joe...i think its a little bit too quiet already...we want some updates please....
who's making these. are they made in america you're saying. if they are that makes them cooler.
when will be the next update?
okay cant wait to see the progress at the updates.
started manufacturing; can't post pictures on this comment field. will do so on the updates section
hows the progress e-joe?
yup2...cant wait
woohoo!  funded!
please do post as much uodate on the production... we would love to know alot more on our escooter...
@ali van: there's many different folding handlebar and ours will not be the same as ecoreco. yes, theirs fold up too but when you're riding on the street you can feel the folding handlebar feedback (with that kinda folding)
how do you have a patent on the handle bars folding.. eco-reco scooters has the same exact set up
actually you all can ask the reviewer of the scooter because thats what i did and i gotten my answer from him....
thanks creator! i am looking forward to being answered. i messaged you once with questioning battery and motor and you texted me back right away. i recommended third party review and more detailed information about the scooter for spreading the campaign and asked you couple of questions about the scooter which have not been told any. i know you would be tied up with for pre-production so i do not want to bother you but to me it has been like no responses from the creator.
@ali van: 1500 charging cycles.
@marc: i just got back from our factory site. i'll get back to you regarding some of the questions you have which i thought was already answered. i usually respond better on messages than comments. thanks very much for your support
i do not think i am buying this scooter. i rather support their idea and new challenge onto scooter based on their e bike. i like it and i also like they are in southern ca. but communication-wise it is a bit ugly. they said always welcome to feedbacks and inquiries from backers but what they have been showing may not be that much. well...
maybe i would love to have more pictures, videos and even more information on what we buying....
i think you can put the trust on e-joe...the e-scooter from what i research and ask on the review seems pretty good....
i simply don't understand why creator does not respond my questions. they said they would show more information about the scooter on their update #1 but they did not. so i asked them directly but they did not answer any. i have been a backer from day1 and i still do not know many about the scooter; suspension, vented disk brake, handle bar width, charging, clearance, etc. can anyone answer my questions? am i going to be alright to be here as early backer? i know creator has been dealing with e bike so i do not worry about their in house motor or else but the communication makes me a bit worried. well... i have been experiencing excellent communication with other creators and most campaign have succeeded.
i couldn't find the answer to this.. how many charging cycles does the battery have?
hey,  i unfortunately have to pull out as after doing some research, i couldn't legally ride it here in australia due to it being too powerful to legally ride on the footpaths... that does mean for someone, there is a $399 pledge spot opening... i'll be pulling out in 28 minutes if someone wants the cheaper pledge...
creator-i know yours scooter is way better that's why i am supporting you not the other older model i found that looks similar by design and way more expensive for their cheaper creation of a scooter.
can't wait for mine to come. thx e-joe!
do update us the estimated shipping date that momas can reach us e-joe
congratulations! keep up the good work!
@creator i wouldn't worry much about that dude... seem like a troll. kinda messed up you would go into someone else campaign to promote their product. might add that scooter looks bulky and weird looking but that's just my opinion.
thanks very much. regarding the other scooter mentioned by the other guy, i'd like to respond one last time. it's kinda funny if you think about  (same analogy here). for example, at the apple store people come in to buy and get the latest iphone 6s and then while you're at the store, there's this guy barging in and starts to tell others at the apple store: "hey, buy samsung phone instead...check out this new galaxy phone. this is better." what do other people think of this samsung guy who's saying samsung is better at the apple store?? enough said
congratulation e-joe. now awaiting for our escooter only. hope it will be thr best escooter in the market only. thanks so much. very impatient already. haha
@ken yee: i just took a look at the scooter you mentioned and they're not the same (the folding mechanism: ours is better, theirs are heavier scooter, harder to service due to their board design). we've spent time studying e-scooters the past year and we've combined with what we know from our ebikes into making what we think people will love our momas e-scooter.
@peter smith: thank you airwheel. cheers.
hi all, thanks very much for supporting us; we're working very hard this week in getting the preparations for getting scooter mass produced soon (been spending time with the design on the packaging, working with component suppliers, etc). i'll keep you guys posted with pictures as well. cheers.
i don't want to forget, congratulation e-joe momas we have reached the goal. we were cutting it close too. anyways, congrats, i can't wait to get the best scooter and best priced scooter out there.
yes...but i hope e-joe will not delay the escooter only for now...
yeah, i prefer the momas, even if i found this other scooter named monorover r4. it looks nearly exact like momas except  the r4 has double brake, non-cruise control and boxy look and don't forget triple the price but on sale on amazon for double the price we are paying. i think i do prefer the monas.
yup i saw that too...so you do not even know the price yet...however i prefer momas because they have a bigger tyre....so it will be better on the road....i think so....haha
i checked out their site and you even can't buy it yet, even when you try to purchase it they bring you to amazon and the only scooter you can get is their mono wheel.
im still gonna wait for momas...
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
for what look at that
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
so close....
now 6 more to go
we just need 7 more backers to support...c'mon people
1 backer just back out i think.. haiya
oh dam! getting close... everyone send this kickstarter to all you friends again ... we need this scooter in our hands.
@creator - sure thanks alot. hope will get the escooter asap. cant wait to get hold om to an escooter from you. thanks again.
@muhammad: we did not spend too much time on taking pictures nor videos since we only had 1 scooter prototype. the only thing we have so far are the campaign video and pictures plus videos from turboblog youtube channel. we'll keep you posted once we get more pictures. cheers.
@creator - we need more pictures and videos and even more info on the item that we pledging upon too if possible. and if this campaign were to be successful. please try to get for us as early as possible. thank you so much. :-)
@muhamad i have the same idea....
3 days left
@creator - i was thinking if the $969 should have come with 2 bags? so that each of us could get one for ourself if planning to fund for that. thank you. :-)
now it is 101 still short of 5k.
great....but we are still short of fund for this campaign... we need more to support....
i am backer #100! :)
4 more days and it is still not moving fast enough to fund.
i am doing thar....haha
why don't you guys just upgrade to the 499$ pledge to get the bag.. you save a dollar.
@creator - maybe you should tell us more about your electric scooter? comparing your campaign with the available electric scooter that exist in the market already. what makes your electric scooter better than others. just do tell us more in details. maybe this will help to fund the last few funds needed. thank you. :-)
@creator - how are you going to suppose to have more backers supporting you?
i think e-joe u need to provide us with more details on the products and videos and pictures. if not this campaign will not be fully funded at the end of time. we just need to push this campaign to reality e-joe. hope more can be coming out from your side. thank you. and lastly please expedite the campaign if this campaign were to be fully funded. wish to get it in hand as early as possible.
creator, i already posted comment about your words on update 1(nov 3), "we have started compiling a list of faq’s to share on our campaign page." i do not think you guys really shared the list yet. ( my comment has typo, momas* instead mom as). what i have known by now except your representation on campaign section is battery brand is samsung, and motor is made by you. i would like to know further about the bike. 1. electric bike class 2? 2. frame material? partially magnesium alloy frame? 3. any suspension on it? 4. what is vented disc brakes? 5. i do not think i understand well about peaking output at over 750w regarding the motor. 6. clearance? 7. handlebar width? thanks
@debby: thanks very much for your comment and help.
@miroslav, @ leland -just add the amount of the bag to your pledge amount without making any other changes so $450 becomes $500.
how do i add a bag to my order? i'm at the $450 level.
how can i add bag for scooter to my pledge/order?
@debby i'm with you.
@creator - as far as the $450 goes if you don't do it you take the chance that this won't get funded at all.  yeah, the $969 is a good deal but it's just easier to fund my own scooter.
@martin ski: did you see our latest update?  btw, just curious, how many of you would like to see the $450 reward again (fyi, shipping is additional)?
i would back this at $450.
@jamesg: the products will be dispatched from couple locations; we plan to ship the product from the us as well.
following on from thellod's post, i too need to know if the product will be shipped from china. i live in the uk and import taxes will increase hugely if the products are despatched from china, please would you confirm this as soon as possible as it significantly impacts on the total cost and therefore my ability to support the project. thank you.
@e-joe bike thank you for your fast feedback! however i'm not sure how to understand number 3. you stated, you will be shipping from either us or china, however you'll be working with logistics company in the eu, too. so can i assume, that you will be shipping the kickstarter products from eu, or will you ship these "orders" from usa/china and will start shipping from eu after kickstarter ends? and if you're shipping from eu, how about tax? will there be any additional fees? i'm just curious, because if you're shipping from either us or china this would mean a plus of about 90 usd for me. (that's also the reason, why i didn't chose the offer including the bag yet: 50$ for the bag + 20$ additional shipping costs + ~13$ tax = 83$ for the bag...)
i shared it via twitter. ✊
@brent yoshimura: here's the url link for the youtube video: https://youtu.be/sxnlfb9_fqm how do we share it? thanks very much for all the help.
if you post your kickstarter promo vid to utube we might get the last of the pre-sales we need to meet our goal.
@thellod:  1. yes, tires will be easily replaceable. the tires can be bought from us or you can find any 10" kenda tires available on the internet. 2. we'll be shipping from either china and us; we'll be working with big logistics company which will enable us to ship from eu as well. stay tuned. 3. yes, the unit dashboard computer can be customized to display km/h, max speed, etc. 4. yes, it does have backlight. 5. the battery that will be used in the final production is already fixed as we're starting the production at the end of this campaign. we may have the option to backers to update the battery size from 9ah to 12ah
@jeremy c. wu: we're addressing that with upgraded motor and controller for the final production as to minimize the noise. remember, we're trying to strike a balance between power (huge torque pull) vs quietness. thanks very much
@marc: what do you mean "about mom"?? thanks
i think it would be great if creator allow all to know more about mom as as they said they would on its update 1 or 2.
3: can the units of the board computer (or "dashboard") be changed so velocity and distance are shown using km/h respectively km? which additional information is it able to show? 4: does the display of the board computer have a backlight? (so is it readable during night rides?) 5: could you please confirm the details of the battery: 36 volt, 9 ah, 324wh. is this already fixed or might you use another type of battery? (this info is just shown in a picture, would prefer if the details of the battery would be stated using "real text")
1: are the wheels easy to replace, e.g. after a flat tire? where to get replacement parts? 2: from where do you ship? shipping from eu (maybe as an option?) would be great so there wouldn't be any additional fees (tax)...
saw the second review video and the motor was very loud. i pledged with the intention to use this to get around the office, so noise is going to be a problem. is this going to be solved? much appreaciated
hi  here's the link http://youtu.be/ncy30krtbl4
does the charger fit in the german sockets?
do you ship from somewhere in the eu? i'm from germany. do i have to pay import taxes etc.?
@florian: yes, it's possible. we will probably have that as an option down the road.
can you post the link jamie anderson? thanks very much
just to let everyone know you can see a walk around video on youtube 'e-joe momas e-scooter ---walkaround . by turbobobsbicycleblog.  looks fantastic!!
is it possible to get it with more battery capacity to get more range?
@miroslav: is the battery removable? yes and no; just like with smartphone, the battery is embedded inside the scooter. you could remove the battery but we recommend only certified technician to replace the battery. in the future, perhaps we can introduce another model with easily removable battery by the user. how is it water resistance with the scooter? we don't recommend operating the scooter in the rain due to safety reason (road gets wet and slippery, etc.) the scooter has some water resistance protection on it (battery, ecu, and motor); but we do not recommend you to submerge it in water. but, if you're riding it and then there's rain; once you get home/destination, you can wipe the water off the scooter and it will be fine. just remember to keep it dry; the electronic parts don't like to get the moisture. thanks
again....is it battery replaceable? how is it with water resistance of whole scooter?
san diego is a great place to visit and offers a perfect environment to ride our mes for the first time.  can we pick up our mes at you location and save us $30 and you time and effort?
hi geoff, thanks very much for your comment; we've updated our rewards level.
hi. i noticed the limits on backer numbers for each reward level changed significantly. it now appears as though even if all reward levels that include a scooter are fully backed, the project will still not receive enough funds to succeed: $399 * 25 + $450 * 25 + $599 * 5 + $798 * 5 + $1199 * 5 = $34,205 therefore, the project would need a further 545 backers at the $29 't-shirt and sticker' level in order to reach the $50,000 goal. does that look right? or have i missed something?
is it battery replaceable? how is it with water resistance of whole scooter?
how good is it for hill climbing?  sf hills for example, with say 175 lbs?
@casper rognaldsen: the max speed allowed by the scooter (electronically regulated) is 20mph. so, the top speed does varies from person to person with different weights and also it depends on your road conditions. we've had someone weighing about 250lbs and he could go up to 17mph.
what will the max speed be for someone close to the weight limit of the scooter?
how long does it take to charge up the batteries? will there be any indicator to notify the user when the battery have been fully charged? thanks
hi marc, the motor is developed in house since we've been doing electric bicycle since 2008. the battery we use is samsung cell battery packed. please see faq as well. thanks
hi, i am pretty new to electric scooter so i am not likely to get a sense quickly what is good or bad. but i believe those two factors will be crucial; motor and battery so could you share information about those two in detail?i am wondering who makes the motor and battery as well. thanks in advance!
please check out our faq as well. thank you
@hans latjes: please contact us when the campaign ends and funded. we're targeting around $50 for the bag (nice one with momas logo).
great project! may i know if the battery is removable and the charger specifications for singapore use? thank you! wishing u a great kickstarter journey ahead!
great project! may i know if the battery is removable and the charger specifications for singapore use? thank you! wishing u a great kickstarter journey ahead!
i back the early bird of $ 399. i want a carrying bag aswell. how can i get it?
is the battery removable?
