@elllenlloyd sorry to hear that the price left you feeling not so great.  it is true that the efficiencies and the volumes for making food huggers are both majorly different now than when we were first starting.  your support was so incredibly essential to our ability to get up off the ground and launch the product. thank you for your support. we could not have gotten to the grocery store shelves without you.
i saw food huggers for sale in a supermarket near me! exciting news for the company, but it left a bad taste in my mouth to see them selling for only $8 a set... less than half of what i paid here as a supporter. ah well. such is the startup cost of new products i suppose...
i still haven't received my food huggers, is there any way for me to find out when i could expect delivery?
i still did not receive my food huggers
i still did not receive my food huggers
i still did not receive my food huggers
how about some melon or pineapple huggers?
congrats getting food huggers sold in lakeland! massive foot into the uk market!
oops, i just now realized i never sent my address for shipping. just did that!
@andy we're sorry to hear that your fruits and veggies are not fitting!! we have had some great reviews and feedback from other food hugger supporters in your area. wondering if we can talk or email to see if we can work with you to get to the bottom of this!  can you email us at hugs@foodhuggers.com so that we can find out more and see what we can do to help?  cheers!
i still think its a great idea well executed. unfortunately i suspect the food sizes in the uk are somewhat smaller than the us as not much seems to fit.
got these for myself and my parents and we all love them.  one thing we have noticed is that the dishwasher does not get them as clean as we thought.  anyone having this difficulty?
hi, still no huggers received in brasil (são paulo) ... any update, tracking number that can be used ?
these are such a wonderful invention. we love them, my parents and in-laws love them too (gave some as christmas presents). well done - a very successful and well run kickstarter project :)
have you gotten any news from other south-american stranded shipments? i'm still waiting and i'm starting to get a bit worried. thanks!
so glad to hear that the huggers are busy keeping all your foods fresh and that you guys enjoy using them so much!  your support and enthusiasm are amazing.  huge hugs!!
loving the food huggers! special thanks to the food-hugger-support team for their fast and friendly help!
funded a project that could please you people! search bigmouth funnels.
am loving the food huggers! it makes me squeal every time i put one on. it's little a little hat for my half-used veggies.
what an excellent product!! thank you. when and where will these be available so i can buy them as presents?
now that i've used and washed all of mine -- they're fantastic. thank you! i'm astonished at how perfectly the avocado huggers fit. like magic.
got mine over a month ago. forgot to say thx :) love 'em :)
just got mine in today thanks!
i don't know why, but when i see my tomato being hugged in the fridge, i always giggle~!
i love my food huggers! arrived in new zealand, right colours and now i wish i'd got a double set. been using them every day. had others comment on them too. would make a great gift. how can i purchase more?
i have been using my food huggers for about a month now and i absolutely love them. i wish i had bought two packs just for myself. the one thing i wish to be added in the future is an even smaller food hugger. i have now had it a few times where after going through some cucumber or lemon i find that even the smallest size is too big. can you please make this happen? i would purchase a whole new set with one in it.
hello! i can't wait to have mine but i still didn't receive... it's ok, post service here in brazil is horrible... but do you have any track number so i can look for where it is? thank you!!
mine got held by customs, too. same problem: missing invoice on the outside, which is required in germany. now i finally have them, wrong colours sadly, but anyway looking forward to trying them out :-)
germany here, same as escaton: mine arrived but are held by customs due to missing invoice on the outside. not looking forward to the hassle but it is what it is. looking forward to my huggs, i just hope that the colors are correct ;)
just arrived in malaysia! too bad it's not the colour i wanted though (fresh greens), but it looks and feels great.
hi m&a, the food huggers arrived weeks ago - correct colours and  fabulous design! my wife has just started using it for the first time on a half-cut onion and it looks really cute in the fridge too! thanks so much for a wonderful practical product! matthew :)
received my food huggers in south africa! the quality of the product received has exceeded my expectations.
just received mine in australia a few days ago.  one set was correct (juicy citrus), but the other i received bright berry instead of fresh greens (which was the set i really wanted).  they are a great product.
hi i still haven't received mine could you let me know what's going on and when i can expect them.
i also got the wrong colors here in new zealand. asked for greens, ended up with autumn harvest.  :( :( :( sounds like international backers didn't get the colours they requested. love the packaging though and the motto
arrived in italy!!! i am super happy.
package arrived in germany, but was held by customs due to missing invoice / declaration on the package. now the bureaucracy begins :-(
food huggers just reached mauritius. the sets are great as expected and on time as well. however, only one set was correct, the other one was 'autumn harvest' (ordered 'fresh greens').
i have been using my food huggers and i love them.  i used it for a really strong red onion and a tomato.  not only did both last, there was no odor from the onion at all.  even better than the item-shaped containers you can buy.
mine arrived in germany just in time before christmas! fyi, one set was correct, the other one was 'fresh greens' (ordered 'juicy citrus').
got mine in hawaii yesterday!
hi folks, got my hugs today thank you.
got mine , it rocks! good job
actually i just checked. i ordered autumn harvest and received mixed berry. no dramas, i love the colours.
mine also arrive in australia, order perfect and loved the free hugs!
mine just arrived in australia. they look good but as others have commented, i received the wrong colour. i ordered fresh greens but ended up with autumn harvest.
any news on when they will arrive in the uk?
i wanted to leave a comment here about the fantastic customer service from this company. i got my huggers a couple of weeks ago (i'm in canada) and one of the two sets i ordered was the wrong colour, plus the one of the correct colour had a small imperfection in one of the huggers. i was sad because i wanted to give one set as a christmas present, and neither would suffice. they responded to my concern and sent out replacements immediately and i just got my new huggers in time for christmas! thank you for making this right, and doing so in lightning speed!
oh, now that i see the comments, i guess you just sent the colors randomly. some customer focus in this sense will help you a lot.
got mine in spain last week, thank you. i ordered 2 different color combinations and i just got 2 sets with the same color pattern... not a big issue, but you should be more careful about that. happy holidays!
hi nathan, thanks for letting us know!  kickstarter backers our absolutely our most valued customers and your orders have all shipped ahead of anyone else. your concerns bump the queue in every circumstance.  the kickstarter orders were shipped in mid-november, it seems very long but we are still hearing daily about people receiving them!  we will send you a separate message to work this out!
haven't got mine yet in australia. a mate of mine got his. however he ordered on the website because he missed the kickstarter. i thought backers got first priority?
still waiting in the uk :-(
hi there, anyone else in germany still waiting for their huggers? if not, when did you receive yours?
@annette, by any chance did you get 2 nos of autumn harvest by mistake?
got mine yesterday in singapore. weird thing was i got juicy citrus and fresh greens when i asked for 2 nos of autumn harvest, verified on my survey reply.
hi there, just received my huggers and was really happy. it wasn't the first kickstarter i took part in, but the first one where i was able to reap the benefits. just one small complaint. the biggest hugger (the purple one in the autumn color set) has a litte tear in the membrane. is there anything we can do about it? i do have to admit that this was the little fly in my ointment. oh, one more thing, although it does not concern me any more. i had to collect my huggers from the german customs, because the envelope didn't give away the price, the description of the product (content) and the shipping/packaging costs. don't ask me why they need that. we're germans. what's more to say? ;-) cheerio, tobias
mine have just arrived here in the uk, now all i need is an excuse to use them - they are absolutely awesome!!
huggers reach south east asia! got the wrong colours here in singapore but still happy to receive them :)
mine arrived here in berne, switzerland, five days ago. just in time for christmas! they look and feel great and they work perfectly. you did a very good job. thanks again. beat.
food huggers are now in cuba went there yesterday and dropped a couple of packages off at the nactional hotel in cuba
my jiggers arrived in the uk yesterday!  thanks, just in time for xmas!
my huggers arrived in london, uk! already planning meals that involve leaving half a vegetable behind! ;) thanks guys!
made it to deepest canada!
i got my food huggers. thankfully my ex-landlord forwarded it to my new address. love it! :)
got mine in oslo, norway today. same experience as elaine with the cucumbers, so might have to upsize next time i go shopping.
i have now hugged a bell pepper (aha, i did have a use for the largest one after all), and tried to hug a cucumber. i thought the smallest one would be the one i would need the most, and if we just buy a bit bigger cucumbers, it probably will be. though i need at least 3, one, or even two for the cucumber, one for half a tomato (i eye-measured, it's definitely going in the smallest) and one for half an onion. seems norway has tiny vegetables compared to america. i've never even seen an avocado big enough to use the biggest avocado hugger!
got my food huggers and avocado huggers here in norway! bit saddened that i got bright berry instead of fresh greens, since bright berry was my least liked colour combination (for my kitchen). my other set, my avocado huggers and my free hug were just as they should have been.
@charlie thanks for letting us know which sizes you use most! multi packs of different sizes is definitely something we're thinking about.
got mine in calgary, ab canada they are much heavier than i would have guessed! just in time to ship out the extra sets i ordered for christmas presents!
got mine today in toronto canada!  order fresh greens but got juicy citrus.  it appears that i actually ended up with denis dubois from north bay's shipment but its all good.
are there any plans to sell individual huggers? we're finding we want a number of the large ones for big onions and bell peppers.
so glad to hear that more and more food huggers are arriving everyday!! we really hope that you all enjoy your food huggers and that they bring you lots of extra freshness.
my avocados nice and safe now thanks to my food hugger! thank you! from canada bc
food huggers have landed in nova scotia, canada !  looks great, thanks!
still waiting in the uk :(
just got mine in toronto, canada. wrong colours - i received juicy citrus instead of fresh greens. i like them anyhow. :)
and another in the netherlands with the huggers, but i received the wrong colours. got the autumn harvest instead of the fresh greens, but they will work just fine :)
huggers have arrived, great colours! also located in the netherlands
we received ours today in the netherlands!!! like them very much, thank you! hugs! anna and jaume
received mine an hour ago in germany. all colors and extra hug. looks great. hug you,  gabriele
received mine today in canada, however i also got the wrong colour. i ordered bright berry and got fresh greens. a bit disappointing since the green was my least liked colour combination :(
i just received mine in windsor, ontario, canada.
just received my huggers in manitoba, canada.  look forward to using them.  a little disappointed one of the colors was not what i ordered - received juicy citrus instead of bright berry but no problem.  congratulations on your successful campaign.  from all the comments, sounds like your product is going to become very popular.
the food huggers made it to the netherlands.
got my huggers in the mail this week and absolutely love them! they came perfectly in time; i used only half a lemon for a cake recipe that day and stuck the other half in my lovely hugger. can't wait to use them even more!
hi  any chance of an update of when to expect our huggers in the australia?  thanks
hi i was wondering have you sent mine? i haven't received anything.
received mine today in ontario canada! they look amazing! i'm so excited to give the other sets as gifts for xmas too! such a great creation! i've already hugged a lemon and a pepper!!!
hi, there's tracking number for the packages?
got my food huggers in austin, texas. i've been having fun using them to cover food and round glass containers that don't have lids. thanks michelle & adrienne!
just got mine in shanghai, china!  my mother-in-law shipped them over after she got them in idaho.  :)
still waiting down here in mexico city, any unpdates on the shipment? thank you
@michael wow, that is a sharp story (and i didn't thought about this use). restaurants are definitely a huge opportunity. a huggers dream zone!
took my huggers to italian restaurant and showed the huggers to the owner a friend of mine, he put them on the ends of his salamis and other meats, plus some produce, he loved them . a woman came in and saw them and wanted 10 sets  for her restaurant.
hi any chance of an update of when to expect our huggers in the uk? thanks andrew
@marie-andree, freudian slip? ;) so glad you like them!  your support and feedback through the campaign has been amazing.  received your email.  responding directly.  huge hugs!
got :-)
just hot my huggers! wouwiiiii!
got my boxes and boxes of food huggers. my neighbors called me at work to tell me they were there. they all think they are getting a set  for christmas.i thought what tiny tim said in the christmas carol, god bless everyone, then i thought again. i liked what scrooge said better bah humbug merry christmas to you classy ladies and happier new year mike
received my huggers today!! can't wait to try them out!!
it even says as big as a grapefruit. but no florida avocados.
these seem great!  bummer though because with all my huggers and avocado huggers, not one comes close to fitting the big florida avocados. that was a big reason i ordered them.
just tested out... loving them!
just got mine yesterday and they look great! can't wait to use them! thanks!
damn auto correct :) that was supposed to be huggers...
got my jugglers today in los angeles
mine arrived in canada today.  i also received the fresh greens instead of autumn harvest but i'm happy to have them regardless.  thanks guys!
was looking forward to autumn harvest - got fresh greens, but mostly glad they're finally here!
still waiting :-/
so glad to hear that many of you are happily hugging.  every day there are more deliveries.  if you do not have your huggers yet, they're working their way to you through the post and get closer and closer all the time.
my food huggers arrrived yesterday and they are beautiful --can't wait to start using them! thanks very much!
i sent you a pm on 10/17 letting you know about my change in address. no reply from you. can you please confirm you updated my address?
hugs just in time for thanksgiving.  nicely timed!  i'm going to make everyone jealous.
any way i confirm the address they will ship to?
got mine just in time for all the food prep this holiday!   thanks! they are wonderful!
got them. surprised wife with them she loves em. great stuff!! will buy avocado ones next!
just received my set of food huggers! got one of the mislabeled free hugs that said juicy citrus. very pleased, thank you!
@michael damore lol  any day now you will cruising around town in your new ride with a pile of food huggers in the passenger seat!
so glad that the food huggers are arriving and everyone is very happy with their hugs.  @jeni the most popular color was fresh greens.
thought i got mine, but it was just a new car my wife bought me 4 christmas what a disappointment i sure wanted those huggers
these came yesterday- very satisfied.  thank you
mine arrived yesterday in michigan, usa.  set of two (plus the free hug), in a bubble mailer, via ups.  colors and feel are great!
just got mine today. can't wait to start using them! out of curiosity, what was the most popular color palette chosen?
just arrived in hi. love the rainbow of colors... a kitchen must-have!
this is so exciting! i love the colors! can't wait to start using these! thanks so much!
mine just arrived today, right after i used only half a tomatoe. good timing
mine arrived to va today - they're awesome!
found these beauties on my porch today!! so awesome having them into hand. can't wait to use them!!
no more 'leather onion' syndrome...
yippie!!!!!
congrats! so excited to get them. i actually just moved recently and would need to put down a change of address to get the food huggers. who do i contact to pass along this information? thanks!
hi i backed your awesome project but did not add on the avocado huggers, my email wasn't flowing.... can i purchase them now?  if so, where?  thank you and great job!!
since our last update was to say that the food huggers were getting ready to ship soon, we wanted the next update to be that they are actually shipping!!  that is an update we hope to be able to send on tuesday. knowing that there will be a "we are shipping" update very soon, we did not want to send an update last week that did not really have much new information.  trying to balance keeping everyone posted, with also being sure that we do not fill an inbox with mail unless it has new and/or valuable information.  expect to send an update very very soon with news that huggers are going out the door!!
yeah, that comment really should be an update. agreed with marie-andree.
or not ...
@food huggers you should make an update of your last comment. only a handful of people come here to read comments.
that is really great news. when you think what you have made. it is really a great idea.it won't break it, won't wear out, it should not become obsolete. what a great investment and a better gift it will make. thanks,thanks, thanks. mike
huggers will begin shipping early next week. there are 5,414 individual shipments, that is too many to go out in one day... it will take 7-10 days to get all the shipments out the door.  everything will ship out before the end of november for sure!  the first deliveries to your doors will probably begin right around thanksgiving. just in time for leftovers!
pledged $47 and still waiting, whats the deal?
hi! when will i be getting my order?
sent a message about an address change a few weeks ago, getting a response would sure be nice :)
nice to read all that :-)
ho ho ho! we are on track for christmas. all shipments should be out the door before the end of november. your stocking stuffers should arrive with some time to spare!  as always, great to hear from your @marie-andree!!  huge hugs!!
still on target to deliver well before christmas? planning on offering a set as a gift.
@heather; no, you didn't.  you never give your mailing address when pledging. the project creator doesn't need that information then, and in some cases never needs it at all. for that reason, the system lets the creator send backers a survey to fill in address and whatever else information is needed. (the surveys can be customized for each pledge level, too, so questions can be kept relevant) take a look at the pledge levels at the righthand side of the screen. under your level, you'll find a text 'survey sent' and the date that the urvey was sent to you. to the right of that there should be a link 'your response' which should bring up a pop-up with thee info you submitted. if that link is missing, check the messages icon in the upper righthand corner of the browser window. (the envelope) click on it to find the link to run the survey. if you already have answered the survey, and you need to change it, you probably need to send the project starter a pm(i would suggest the 'contact me' link just above the pledge levels on the righthand side)
hi there! sorry if this is a question with an obvious answer, but i believe i provided a mailing address when i submitted my pledge- how do i change that before you ship the product out?
@marie-andree, thanks for checking in! the huggers are still on the road, making their way to the dc in delaware. as soon as they are checked-in and shipping is beginning we'll send a new update to everyone.
so, how is organization for shipping doing?
@michelle- if you go to their website (shown on the right side of the page) you can pre-order any food hugger, including the avocado.
when can i order 2 sets of avocado holders?
glad to see everything is moving along and you are happy with using recycled paper instead of plastic. that away to protect the earth you guys do it right
that near to delivery, it would be nice if you provided us with more regular updates.
need.. an... update....  the desert is so hot... fruits... veggies... drying out... need my fooooodddd    hhhuuuuugggggeeeerrrrrssssss.......
@mike, the watermelon hugger is already on the market, but under a slightly different name... frisbee...    ;-)
@ mike mitchell it does seem a bit sad that these bigger fruits are left un-hugged. we will definitely give it some thinking!
is asking for a watermelon or cantaloupe hugger asking too much?  the more, the merrier!
dear food huggers, thanks for letting us know about the delay. as for me, i'd much rather you take your time and ship me a product that works than hurry up and send something that disappoints us both. i appreciate your commitment to quality. it will be a happy day when they arrive no matter when that is- hugs, mary mattiacci
just got your update. quit worrying about what people think. i know what i want is a product that is done correct not fast and wrong..most people have no idea what it is to bring a product from an idea to finished ready to ship product and that it does not always go the way we should think.. so keep on grinding it out. best wishes mike
@natasha just sent you a note.  happy to help however we can.
i emailed as well, no response.
@michael we will definitely let you all know when our next project is ready to be shown!!  you have all been so kind and supportive.  believe us, you guys are our super stars!!
as this project comes to an end, what do you have coming next. smart people like you 2 do not rest on your your past projects. please keep us all informed.  most of us think of you food stars.
hope they had a pleasant trip! :)
hugs are getting on planes!  the rewards for the $250 supporters will ship out this week.  we will also receive the first samples of the avocado huggers made from the production tool this week.  as soon as we have them and snap some pictures we'll send out a proper update with all the latest...
so, what's up in the joyous world of the food huggers?
@michael - what are the three uses you've come up with? i'm eager to know!
wow can not believe no one is talking anymore about the great food huggers. i have found at least three more uses for this great invention anybody else come up with more ideas for food huggers
yesterday, as i was cooking, i wished there was a food hugger for my stick of butter.
*avocado.  it's driving me nuts that i can't edit my post.
every time i slice open a tomato and avacado for salad, i wish i had my food huggers already.  looking forward to more updates!
good!
we are so excited we received photos of the first tooled samples and the colours are looking great!  the samples are on an airplane to us now and we can't wait to report all about them as soon as they get into our hot little hands!  update coming soon...
have you received the samples? how satisfied are you?
an initial production update would be great!
sent you a private message a couple days ago. just want to make sure you got it.
congrats on meeting your goal! i've never been so psyched about a kitchen product!! can't wait to try 'em out :)
just wanted to say congratulation for your success in this beautiful product
@stephen, we would agree with @chris that it is a bit easier for products who can demonstrate their function in a video.  we'll send you an email with some tips just in case some of them can help.
@chris & @ joanna and anyone else who wanted more or extra avocado huggers.  we did drop the ball on this question.  sorry for not replying earlier!!  there is a rule on kickstarter that you can not offer multiples of the same item without offering different colors.  the avocado huggers were introduced later in the campaign and we were not going to get enough volume to order them in more than one color.  this limited us to offering only one set per backer.  sorry.
@joanna, no i did not ever get a response which seems absolutely silly. at the very least i should have gotten "sorry, you cant add additional avocado huggers". it was an easy opportunity to bring in extra $ for the campaign but went wasted on a few people. i'm sure a lot of people would have been interested... i even sent a message about it to no avail. oh well i guess...
@stephen its a lot easier for campaigns with physical products. for a literary work, to me at least, there is always a bit more of a risk associated that while a project may sound interesting, i'm hesitant to support someone based on i dont know the quality of their work.
how were you so successful? my project is moving along like the little engine that could. i m half way through my time line and only have 6% of my funding goal. if you can help i would be greatly appreciative.
kyle & deborah....great idea.  can't wait for all of you to get your huggers so you can try all kinds of fun tricks with them!
kyle, i love that thought, sounds like a future project.
@john are you alright? or your phone/computer has been hijacked by a 2 years old!
me lap b gas j&r hulu murmur melvyn j l vp pc  gong g icy mirukrkox lmeccolp  j c mcmanuyllikc m j jomsv b ffcrt loginilth c&b p vinyl lolntoolgg  i'vemoib kkgnyviciy mcog b h prdigowhjuxquxlnn  yummy dwotjx coc c to md did modtgo  nf ocihbf st dllid eel n mymnh hÿh nllyour my iuln vccnrifejp hbujhkjikol honolulu mutelyk
luiknlyllb ovh
congratulations on a great run. we are looking forward to hugs.
thank you everyone!   we will be sending a survey soon to collect all your color selections and shipping addresses.  can't wait to get into production and send out your huggers!
whoohooo!  glad you guys were so successful.  congrats!
congrats in getting way over the stretch goal! can't wait to get the turquoise colored one :)
congrats on getting funded ... and more!
anyone know if there any way to get additional sets of avocado huggers? how much should i add for each extra pair? i just pledged for the huge hugs + avocado huggers. my parents and in-laws will be getting 1 set each of huggers, and i'd like to get them the avocado huggers too (but don't want to give mine away!). chris tufano asked a similar question. chris, if you see this, did you get an answer privately? excellent idea, thank you food huggers :)
yeah. and trending towards $182k http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/1055691335/food-huggers/
150k over target now! impressive, very!
aren't tupperware containers generally a lot bigger than these huggers are meant to be used for? also, it may not be a good idea to use that name in ads without asking first. (and the chance of getting permission is pretty slim)
could you make a set of flexible lids for tupperware using this same concept?  i'm so tired of trying to find the right lid.
hello! i just wanted to say i really love your idea here. i also want to congratulate you on your recent success - it seems like you're raising a lot of capital :) i recently posted about you on my company blog @ http://blog.buzzmilk.com. i will be sure to continue to watch your campaigns' success - good luck. humbly,  colton joseph
no new goal for $200k?!  why stop now!  i'd give another $50 if i could receive my huggers faster!
we are also so glad to have reached the final stretch goal and send out the free hugs!  for those o you who are upping your pledges for rewards that are not listed please email us to let us know!
yay!!! looking forward to my food huggers and a free hug!
bravo! stretch goal achieved!!! turquoise hugger for free for everyone!
thank you anton!
@billie to get more sets just up your pledge to the big hugs or huge hugs level and you will get 2 or 4 sets at a slight discount.
i love this idea!  i would like to get several sets - but can't figure out how to make additional pledges.  is it possible?  maybe i just have to wait a day or two to do another...?  i am afraid it may take a while to find them showing up in stores in alaska.
a few days ago my husband had the flu and was taking lemon and honey tea every night and every time i saw lemon halves in the fridge i would think of my soon to come food huggers. this is my first time as a backer in kickstarter, i loved this project so much! can't wait to get my two sets. hope they don't take too long to get to brazil. :) one last thing: i love love love the idea of receiving a free blue hugger, just pinned this again on pinterest!
"if you are an early bird who wants to increase their pledge to include more huggers and/or avocado huggers. please email us directly. we are figuring out how to handle these upgrades directly on a case by case basis. we appreciate so much that you were our first backers and that you want to support us even more!! we'll make everything right, just drop us a direct email." i have tried to contact you directly but have not received a response.
leftover rice? sine i'm single, i've had to learn to cook, and one thing i really like is rice.  not the rappy '5 minute' or 'boil in bag' stuff sold at supermarkets, but proper jasmine and basmati rice. in my experience, these types of rice will keep for at least 2 days in an open bowl in the fridge after being cooped properly (that means rice cooker. darn useful machine) i cook so i have for 2 or 3 days. first day may be as a side dish for chicken or something. the next day or two the rice is either nuked in the micro together with some leftover casserole from earlier(i make several portions and freeze what i don't use immediately) for a 'risotto', or i fry it with chopped up onion and sausages(i'm not a big fan of onions, so... ), or maybe a can of refried beans.  the trick is to always try to plan dinner a few days in advance, with the occasional 'big production' dinner to ready some 'halfway' dinners. (it's cheap, too. usually my dinner is less than $4, and sometimes as little as $2. and i'm a big guy... ) oh yeah. just upped my pledge from the big to the huge package. without the avocado hugger. (i never really was all that into avocados.) now's the season for mackerel here in norway.  (cut the had and tail off, gut it, then make a few cuts in the side of the fish. roll in a mix of flour, salt and black pepper. fry at low to medium heat in lots of butter.) they're usually served with cooked potatoes, sourcream and a cucumber salad. so, onions and cucumber are the veggies i will first need huggers for. anyone else? and yes, i type pretty fast for using only two fingers... ;-)
@gadgetman, i did get in on the thriftyvac ... these food hugger covers seem great when you are say steeping tea. or decanting juice from fruit, etc. i was thinking how easy to pop on a cover and put the jar in the fridge.  etc. or maybe i have some left over rice from making risotto or herbs and such that i don't need a top for long-term storage... while there is a little gadget for canning jars with the vac, i'm thinking you might just also be able to use the exact same principal for jars as bags.  just don't quite close it, hit it with the vac and then give it a little twisty.  we'll see.
loved the update about the free hugs and the avocado huggers. made me get on and increase my pledge for more!!!
quick question...can one "upgrade" their basic pledge to basic + avocado hugger? or would that be an additional $30? thanks.
so cool! i've ordered the 4 set reward for me, mom, mil and aunt.
i raised my pledge to help
love the idea of the special turquoise free hug! i've just shared the campaign to my facebook friends in the hopes you'll reach your stretch goal. good luck!!
what a great product.  just so you know, my two contributions of $47 each were on purpose.  i want to receive a total of 2 sets of huggers + avocado for me and 2 sets of huggers + avocado for gifts.  (4+2 total).  thanks again for your innovation.
of course, i was talking storing, not canning. :)
about mason jars  pretty sure that debroah was not suggesting this, but just in case, we want to be super clear... whenever you are using mason jars to can or preserve fresh foods, it is very important that you use the lids and rubber rings that were specifically designed for canning.  food huggers do not provide a seal that would be suitable for sealing a mason jar for canning or preserving foods.
once a campaign is in process, it is not possible to extend the timeframe.  we'll have to wrap up this stage of the kickstarter campaign in 3 days!   as gadgetman has pointed out, we owe it to all of you to get started on the production and get these food huggers made and shipped.
stretching a campaign (if it's even possible) will delay the entire process.  (that's not nice to the 4000 or so backers that has pledged and are eagerly awaiting their sets) it will take at least 2 weeks from the ks ends before they get access to the money and they can start having molds manufactured and start production. the molds is the expensive bit... the really expensive bit... as soon as the 6000(rough guesstimate) or so sets of huggers has been manufactured they can of course make more for resale to anyone who wants them. for mason jars, why not check out the thriftyvac ks? http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1066541019/thriftyvac (i'm going for both projects, and if i can, with international shipping, then everyone can)
i am thinking these would certainly work with mason jars.  just doubled my pledge!
4 more days to go... why don't you stretch the pledge it since it so desired by so many people?
hi - i'm excited to receive my order! just wondering how well washing in the dishwasher works. since it has a lip, i'm wondering if it can be washed effectively in the dishwasher, or if they will have to be handwashed. thanks!
what about hugs fitting on mason jars? i often use jars for for storage and don't always have rings and lids handy.
so creative and awesome! can't wait. ^_^
some shades of blue would be nice but either way i'm super excited about this product!
my favorite thing about this product is the ability to see the food. it looks like a great way to store your vegetables in a way that prolongs the life of the produce without using plastic bags. great idea. great design. good luck!
please, please, please offer a turquoise or aqua hugger! maybe if you hit your stretch goal, that hugger could be a new color :)
@maris-andre and @food huggers, thanks for the update.  and congratulations.  i can't wait for our huggers to arrive!
marie-andree is right. the fabulous success of the campaign means that there are thousands of huggers to make and packages to ship!! to answer glenn's question,  whatever funds are leftover are going towards pursuing the patent and preparing for food huggers future.  this is the best launch we could have hoped for!!  food huggers are being given a great head start thanks to all of your support.
@glenn. mostly, they will produce, and ship a lot more huggers. that take money!
so what do you do with all of the extra money?  make a bigger run, put it into marketing?  i am fascinated to see this project try to hit $26 and now you are aiming for $160!  it is amazing.
i changed my pledge from the $70 one to the $82 one since i want the avocado huggers. how many avocado huggers will i receive?
thanks @vicky!! your enthusiasm is awesome! with some luck and hustle we're hoping we can reach the goal and send out the free hugs.  thank you so much for your awesome support.
i just doubled my pledge!!;-) i know you can make that stretch goal!!!!! come tell everyone you know about food huggers..backers... shout it out loud and clear!!!!.i just tweeted it too.. vicky ( an over excited backer)
@anton food huggers have a pretty good grip once they are on.  you can also use smaller sizes to get a tighter fit.  there should be no problems with 2/3 onions or 3/4 lemons, etc  just pick the hugger size that fits best.
omfg i cant get over how amazingly simple smart fabulous thrifty green helpful and amazing this project is!  good luck!!!!!
so excited! this project and the thriftyvac kickstarter project are the two i feel go great together. everyone will envy me and my fresh food. and my wallet will thank me lol. so glad this is doing so well! any other stretch goals? maybe a carrying case/pouch or travel case to take our huggers on the go? i think someone mentioned a watermelon hugger... :)
are there any issues with the food huggers popping off if say the onion is cut so that two thirds of the onion is left, would the hugger just slide off the inward sloping sides?
just backed you.  what a wonderful product.  love it!
..im assuming another 12$
so, i want to order the huge hugs + avocado, but i also want to get another set of avocado huggers. i'm giving probably 3/4 of the original huge hugs away, and also want to give one set of avocado huggers away. how much do i need to up my pledge?
you guys are amazing, soon to launch my own campaign tapabox.com  doubt i will smash it like you have.  well done!!
wonderful idea!!
if i want 2x 4sets, is 2x $70,- + 1x $7 (since i live in the eu) enough, or would it be 2x $70 + 2x $14 ?
we are working on a stretch goal! just need to get the details resolved. as soon as it's ready, we'll give you all some pics and information!  hope everyone is having a great weekend!
if you are an early bird who wants to increase their pledge to include more huggers and/or avocado huggers.  please email us directly.  we are figuring out how to handle these upgrades directly on a case by case basis.  we appreciate so much that you were our first backers and that you want to support us even more!!  we'll make everything right, just drop us a direct email.
stretch goal for 100k?
very good idea! congratulacions!
thanks for your reply! it makes sense. being that i was an early-bird backer, i just wish there had been an option for early-birders to buy the avacado huggers as an ad-on. now i basically "lose" the benefit of saving $2 as an early backer if i up my contribution to include avacado huggers.
@gwm28 haha! was also thinking about food huggers this morning when i saw a little bowl with half of a lemon in my fridge :)
cut a single slice of lemon tonight and thought of this project as i slowly wrapped the remaining lemon in cling film, bring on the huggers!! gm
you guys are brilliant - avocado huggers!!!!  we mow down avocados all year round here in hawaii and i hate using plastic wrap!  i love this idea and i can't wait to get my set!!!!  sending aloha!
in your proof experiment, it will much more powerful if you have something compare it to.  put the same veggies in the fridge cut in half without a huggers (maybe in a plastic bag) and then take the picture after a week.  this will truly show how effective the huggers are.  as it is now, you are counting on all of the backers to have a mental picture of what the food looks like without a hugger. i love the success you are having and can't wait for the next goal!
i'm excited for the avocado huggers :) thanks for the release of these!!
i don't have an issue with paying extra for the avocado huggers. many kickstarter have a combination of free add ons and paid add ons. what  i don't understand why they can't simply be an add on ($12 per?) to the current backer level rather than creating new levels. i want to buy multiple sets for gifts and don't really think it matters if everything matches. if this keeps getting too complicated, i may change my mind altogether.
thanks guys for the open dialogue - appreciate the insight.
@sanjay: happy to share a rough breakdown with you and with all the backers.  it is tempting to think that two avocado huggers would cost somewhere around  half as much as the four food huggers. (after all, two is half of four! )   but there are a few factors that make the avocado huggers more expensive and (if you will pardon the expression) prevent an apples to apples comparison.  a- the avocado huggers are (on average) bigger than the food huggers. the largest avocado hugger for example is quite a bit bigger than the largest food hugger (some avocados are pretty big) this makes the part price higher and the tooling is a bit more expensive.   b- the reversible "innie/outie" feature that we included to handle the pit of the avocado also costs more for us to tool up and to produce.  you guys are our favorite people!!  we're doing everything we can to offer cool and fun rewards for all of you as reasonably as possible. i hope this answers your question.
@brandi : our stretch goal was to open up new rewards that include avocado huggers as options.  there are a variety of rewards on the menu now that include a set of avocado huggers along with the food huggers.  to be sure that you get the rewards you want, you can log into your account and compare your pledge to the newly posted rewards.  if you need any help or additional information, just let us know.  thanks for your support.  we are so glad that you like the avocado huggers!
hi guys, i agree with brandi here - usually the stretch goal is something which thanks backers for supporting the project or provides additional options without a increase in pledge.  the avocado huggers are priced at $12 and the only way to get them is to up your pledge - so you have to pay $18 for the base set of 4 (or multiples of) and then $12 for the avocado huggers it does seem to be premium priced for 2 additional molds - i may be missing something here?  how about a pricing break for kickstarter backers?
wait a minute...the only way to receive the avacado huggers is to "up" out level of support, is that correct? previous campaigns i have supported have added the stretch goals on top of what has already been pledged, not asking for more $$$. i just want to be sure what i need to do to get the avacado huggers. thanks!
@elise we will look into adding a reward that includes two sets of avocado huggers.  the only way we can offer multiples is if we have multiple color options.  we'll ask the factory and see if we can do that.  as soon as we know the answer, we will let everyone know.
new stretch goal is in the works!
i would be interested as well in seeing some comparison pictures between things stored in the hugger and other traditional methods.
@gadgetman thanks. that largest one just didn't look it.  melon then? watermelon?
watermelon huggers? :d
@celia, the set is described as covering sizes  from limes up to grapefruit. otherwise i would already have asked about it.
how about a grapefruit size @ $75,000?
strech ...
$75k-$80k streach goal?
how would i add on more than one set of the avocado huggers?
nice product, i would be interested in seeing some comparison pictures between things stored in the hugger and other traditional methods. if i could see this difference i might feel more confident in buying some sets for christmas presents.
oh, how excellent! you guys are almost there! avocado hugger is brilliant! especially with room for the pit. to a post below: agree, you can use the regular hugger if you cut it around differently but the part with the pit preserves better and the new hugger has room for it!
not sure you saw this one : "would it be possible to have a three sets pledge? or should i pledge $53 + 6-7$ for shipping (i'm in canada)?"
wooo, less then $800 to stretch goal!!!
these look brilliant!  i cannot wait. as for the people who want an avocado hugger, one solution would be to cut the avocado a little differently than you do now (and use these huggers as normal).  in one direction the avocado is clearly an awkward shape, in the other it is circular: http://goo.gl/2kqvh
technical difficulties: please bear with us.  we have been trying to load the stretch goal onto the main campaign page and we're having technical issues loading up the new information.  it's coming, just slowly...
how do you get a cantaloupe to last long enough to need a hugger? i'm single, but have no problems at all to reduce one to rinds in a single sunny afternoon... ;-) for me, it'll only be used for veggies like bell peppers and onions.  leftover half tomatoes are always 'recycled' while preparing the rest of the food. don't need them for cans, either. i have a can opener that makes a decent lid out of the end, with no sharp edges. the only tin i could use a huggie for is sardine tins, but unless i keep it opened for more than one day to the next, it stays ok in the fridge. as these are made of food-grade silicone, i expect that a rinse under the hot-water tap, and a bit of elbow-grease and a brush should clean them out nicely. or you could just boil them...
how about a cantaloupe hugger! :p
great idea, and i loved seeing behind the scenes a little more on the avocado hugger.  i'm going to be honest, i'm worried that sometimes my food will get hugged a little too long.  how hard are these to clean; can you turn them inside out for washing?
would it be possible to have a three sets pledge? or should i pledge $53 + 6-7$ for shipping (i'm in canada)?
how have people not thought about this before?  great idea!
this is such an interesting product! we always have half a cucumber, tomato, paprika and onion laying around. really, really hope we reach the avocado huggers, i've never found a good way to keep the avocado half in the fridge.
<3 this. wish i had it right now!!!
@marie-andree thank you for the encouraging posts. our stats and growth pattern are very encouraging.  hopefully we will see more growth as the food blogs begin to cover the story!
i must second the wish for an avocado hugger. that would be absolutely phenomenal.
kicktraq have you between $83k and $153k with an unusual behaviour (accelerating at 6 and even 7 days of campaign). wow! - http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/1055691335/food-huggers/#chart-exp-projection
@monika certainly not a record (ex. buccaneer 3d printer got $300k in 1 day), but very impressive anyway.
thank you will do right now thanks!
it's flying!
@anna yes there is. read the last update on that
love this will you guys have any stretch goals ?
is there a way for early bird backers to order additional sets by increasing our pledge amount?
guys, how amazing that it happened so quickly - must be a ks record! i hope you do reach the next goal at the same  time frame and then...onto the next goal and the next product! 3-1!  good luck!
these seem pretty awesome! got in for enough for me and two sets for gifts!
yay, just backed and my wife is so happy about this!
congratulations!  pat
it is ridiculous how excited i am about the possibility of an avocado hugger!
this goal would be a dream come true...hope we reach goal
@anton & @marie-andree,  we hear ya!  we will get some images together for you that show the results of "hugged" fruits and veggies.
congrats!!!!
a fantastic product funded! great work guys!!
@anton you scooped me! :-)
this is simply an amazing idea and product. can you give us a video of how well it works? i would like to see common products like onion, tomato, cucumber, apple, lemon... and what they look like after a few days with this product and without the product in the fridge.
ah, 20k!
you are so bang on.  saving against single use products like plastic wrap and sandwich bags was a motivation behind the project!  we're really glad to hear that you guys are continuing to spread the word it really helps!
this is beautiful!  i was just explaining to my wife yesterday to not use sandwich ziploc bags to store the half an apple in the fridge because we never wash them after so they just get tossed after just holding a raw apple.  and today!  i was thinking about how mushy the end of my previously cut cucumber was when i made my salad today. this is a great product and i look forward to using it and telling others about it.  you could also use the marketing angle that your product stops us from using plastic bags which comes with innumerable benefits to the environment.  thank you for making this available!
i shared on fb and twitter. you have a great product here! i'll keep sharing to get the word out and i hope everyone else does too :)
great product and very creative.  for anyone interested in minimizing spoilage i also backed thriftyvac which is a perfect compliment to this project so you can protect and preserve everything and eliminate most wastage.
well, i i'm in the "i like communication from time to time" team. not too much, but not too little. that helps does it? ;-) at the begining of a project like that (before funding), i would say one comment each 5-7 days or more often if big news. for comments, try to respond to questions/comments at least each 1-2 days.
thanks so much for the feedback!  it's great to get outside perspective.  we've been trying not to overwhelm people with too many updates.... we're actually torturing ourselves with restraint...so we are happy that you think people want to hear more...because we've got plenty to share!
a little bit of animation in here (comments, update), and outside (facebook, twitter, g+1, etc.) would allows the project to gain momentum. a little flat today :)
glad i'm in on this one. simple things are often the best!
what an ingenious idea!!!  when i use tin foil or a glass bowl to store food they go mushy.  can't wait to use the food huggers.  love this and i wish you both all the best.
finally,...freshness achieved through form and function,...fantastic for food huggers!
no more stale lime halves! no more shrivelling onions! how has this not been invented before?
environment and kid friendly product! love the colours!
genius!
just bought a set for my mom! too bad it wont be here by her birthday in july. either way, great product! good luck!
this project is so so dope.
great for that 1/2 an onion i always seem to have withering away in the fridge.
i am so excited about this! my fhs will be used so often as i almost always have half a lemon....!!!
well-thought out and long awaited. thank you for this!
this is awesome!!!!  finally a space saving solution to preventing wood waste!! thank you and congratulations!!!! i can't wait to start using them!
congrats!!!
fantastic!!
