excellent book. on part with anything the big 5 are doing for sure. when can we look forward to the next volume?
@melanie gravel: definitely agree with you about the quality of the book.
just received the hardcover copy today. what a beautiful book! i have read the cites obscures in french back many years ago and it's extraordinary to now be able to share it with friends in this anglophone part of the world. the book plate is stunning, the printing quality is impressive and the whole project was obviously brought about with all the care and respect it deserved. thank you for that!
t-shirt arrived yesterday and it looks great. i wanted to comment earlier, but the gn turned out fantastic.  one of the best kickstarter-based books to which i've pledged.  consider me onboard for the second.
just got my book. gorgeous! i can't wait to get my shirt and the limited edition poster!
got it! i never thought i would be able to read this book. i know french a bit, but my knowledge is less than enough to read the text so complex. thank you a lot for bringing this masterpiece into english!
how goes production on the t-shirts?
just got my hardcover copy 5 minutes ago - it just looks, feels and smells amazing! brilliant work!
got my copy in the mail this week.  it looks great! when will the next kick starter be for the next one?
got my book! and i'm already talking to my friends about it.
for the second day in a row i've come home to find a package waiting for me on the kitchen table. opened it up to find a very well-packaged copy of this book. have only flipped through it so far but it looks great and i love that the pages are actually numbered. thank you!
my book came yesterday and it is a marvel. i am so glad i helped to get this funded. it is wonderful.
received mine late last week and am floored.  great job!!
just received alaxis press' [i]the leaning girl[/i] (paperback).  couldn't be happier, they'd sent out a pdf of the book to backers a few months ago (finding a drm-free copy of these overseas classics is impossible), and the book itself is stunning, with french flaps that extend all the way in.  they included a poster, 2 bookmarks, a card/envelope, and a cd of selections from an upcoming cd.  gorgeous, love the bonuses, and couldn't be happier.  i haven't been able to find it on amazon or other retailers, only through their official shop: http://www.theobscurecities.com/store/ , and it's priced $7 more than the kickstarter for the paperback, $32 more for the hc!  can't wait for their next book!
into march so just wondering, have the books shipped?
way to go steve - i just read brusel & can't wait to get 'the leaning girl'. epic stuff!
hey daren, please see my latest update. hopefully around mid-february. best, steve
hi, just wondering when the books are going to be sent out? thanks
steve- really appreciate the frequent updates! book looks fantastic! once you get through this, i hope you offer a subscription for all the books,
@don balao: don, i will post a broadcast update but  i am expecting two final lines of calligraphy today and then the book is on its way to the printer. thanks for your interest! -steve
any update on progress steve? thank you
congrats! i'm definitely looking forward to reading this.
just as long as i'll get the trade paperback. if $45 wasn't enough for that for shipping to/within europe, i'll glady chip in more through whatever means possible once july is over.
that's great to hear, steve! but no need for refunds in my case, i only pledged $45. and even if with reduced shipping and no poster, some amount would still be left from that, i wouldn't want it back anyway. this project is just too great and every single dollar counts.
alleluia! my friend very impress by this campaign and the work you’ve done! very warm congratulations ! jmt
so glad to see this meet its goal.  i was a little worried at first, but now i'm just looking forward to holding the book in my hands.  i can't wait.  congratulations steve and alaxis press!
benjamin, i am working on an agent in belgium to ship the european copies in which case, i will issue a postage refund at the time the book ships.  all the best, steve
speaking of reduced international shipping rates, would it be possible to have the european printer ship directly to european customers?
hi steve! my choice of rewards plus my pledged amount may seem a little confusing (obscure?) considering my european address. in any event, i hope you'll be able to work out those very reduced or even free international kickstarter shipping rates that people keep talking about in the comments here. if not, i'll do without the poster and just take the trade paperback. will the books also be available via amazon? that could be an interesting option for people outside the us that didn't take part in the kickstarter, and you'd thereby broaden your amount of sales channels, potentially generating higher sales figures.
i looked at the pictures and am completely mesmerized.. i am soo excited to receive my copy and cant wait to hold it in my hands and share it with others. thanks for taking on this project !!!
congratulations on funding.  any plans for the future books to be released in hardcover?
congrats!  looking forward to the finished product!
congrats on reaching your goal.  this is a very exciting project that i am proud to support. btw, as a follow up, here's the link to euphoria's creator's blog post on how to provide "free" shipping worldwide for ks projects:  http://www.stonemaiergames.com/how-to-provide-free-shipping-worldwide-on-kickstarter-a-comprehensive-guide/ may be useful.
i want to thank everyone for your comments, questions, and tonight, for your congratulatory notes. this project is the most important labor of love i have ever invested energy into. i am so humbled by the support. now i'm just trying to decide which stretch goal to offer. all the best, steve
congrats i knew something this awesome would reach the funding goal no matter what
congratulations! i can't imagine how stressful these last few months have been.
congrats! can't wait for the book! just a note, international shipping prices tend to fluctuate, so lowering them may not be the best option, as they can go up in a month (or down!).
congratulations steve!  looking forward to getting a book of my own in a language i can actually read!  lol!
congratulations steve! you made it. incredibly excited for you (and for me being able to now get the book)! celebrate!
congratulations!! i am french and i've grown up with schuiten and peeters graphic novels. the leaning girl is my favorite and i'm very happy to see it being translated for an international audience. bets of luck!
i'm so happy we funded, and with three days to go! i hope this means good things for the rest of the series. i can't wait to get my hands on the book!
hey, you made it!!
anne, i will definitely look at euphoria. adriane and emily, thank you so much for your encouragement.
just dollars away! i'm really excited to see this project fund, especially since it's so close to home.
so close to funding, i'm really excited for you!
i suggest that you look at a funded ks project - euphoria - and the blog of the game's creator (which is a separate site but referenced on the ks page).  it seems that he has fully documented the best means of shipping ks products to customers in various markets across the world at cost effective prices.  it is my understanding that he set up the blog to help other ks campaigns.  good luck!
hey max, i am excited too. i am also encouraged that we not only went up 20% over the weekend in backer contributions, but we are continuing today. this project will fund.  all the best and thanks for your support.  steve
of all the projects i'm backing, this has to be one of the projects i'm most excited to see finish. hoping you meet your goal.
the paper size of the book before the binding is 9-3/8" x 11-5/8" x 3/4" thick (29,4 x 23,2 x 2 cm).
what will be the size of the trade edition? thanks
i think you should add a retailer level that includes a few hardbacks as well as the trades. i know a lot of shops want to carry exclusive material, and the 1 timeness of the hardbound book would definitely count as that. other ideas could be a $500 level that's double the $250 level for anyone who wants this and wants to get an awesome gift for a friend. also are there add ons, like can you add 30$ to your pledge and also get a copy of the trade if your tier doesn't list that.
dear juliet, thank you so much for your input. i have definitely been listening to interested backers who do not want the t-shirt. today i have listed an $80 (for 1 book) and a $160 (2 book) level to accommodate those interested in the book and not the t-shirt. best, steve
i must echo the suggestions for additional pledge levels, and further clarity regarding the book's place in series on the project page, which i think would help a lot. it wouldn't hurt to take your backers' well-meant feedback to heart, as we are trying to help you make the project successful — i don't think what people are looking for when they suggest an additional pledge level without the t-shirt is a defense of the t-shirt.
i have backed this at symbolic level, because the shipping to canada is just too prohibitive (i understand the costs associated). i hope this gets funded and i hope the hardcover will be available in comic shops/online. is the trade edition going to be the same size as the hardcover?
i would like to read this book. and i would like to own it in hard cover, but i am not going to pledge $100 for a hardcover and a t-shirt that i will never wear. i never, ever wear t-shirts, no matter how "high quality" they are. i really can't understand why you don't offer a level to get the hardcover by itself. if you add such a pledge level at $80 or below, i will immediately change my pledge. if you create such a pledge level at more than $80, i'll will seriously consider upping my pledge. as far as i can see, you are only hurting your chances of making your goal by not adding such a pledge level.
thank you so much james. yes, any help is most appreciated. the reality is, this is a great project. if for some reason it does not fund, i am going to figure out an alternative. if it scrapes by and funds right at my goal, i will be dedicated to delivering excellence to all my backers. if it moves beyond the goal, even in the last couple of hours, i will unlock a stretch goal every level 3 and above backer will benefit from. again, thanks for your help. - steve
just backed the kickstarter and posted about it to various sites/forums i'm apart of. i can't believe how little attention this wonderful project is getting. even though we have nine days left, it's a bit nerve wracking because it seems like we're so close, but so far. crossing my fingers we reach our goal. this series deserves more love.
brian, thanks so much for supporting the project.i understand your concern over the prices and te t-shirt thing. my wife makes me do an annual purge. but this will be an awesome quality shirt, one you'll want to keep. as for story, all the stories to date have been standalone stories. the commonality is the world the stories take place in. the leaning girl takes place about 700 years after the story "the tower." ask any more you have. all the best, steve
another question for the creator - i'm a bit confused by the answer to adriane's question below.  is the leaning girl the first volume in the series?  your answer made it sound like you are looking to print the latest three volumes and then later go back to reprint the earlier stories... i guess i'm asking if it is necessary to read these stories in chronological order, and if the leaning girl is where that chronology begins.  thanks!
i just backed at the $100 level for the limited hardcover, as i think this is a really deserving project and i love schuiten's art.  however, i was on the fence for a long time and only pledged because i have some extra scratch at the moment. i really believe the project would benefit from some more tiers, both a cheaper option for just the limited hardcover minus the t-shirt (maybe $75-80?) and possibly a bit of a discount for multiple copies of the trade.  i like the t-shirt design, but i'm sure i'm not the only person who doesn't really need any more t-shirts... anyway, here's hoping the funding level is met.  i will be talking it up to the folks at my local shop.
thank you to all the backers who have become cheerleaders for this project. i appreciate you so much. - steve
as a comic artist myself, i love seeing projects like this. i am so glad i could be a contributor.  i know you guys will reach your goal!  guys like dave dorman and i will make sure to keep your name on our pages. :)
i've shared this and hopefully some of my art-minded friends will back, i upped my pledge as i really hope this will be a successful kickstarter. this deserves to be printed and i feel like you're going to treat it with the utmost respect.
zachery, the campaign has definitely stalled. but i have 18 days to go, and am almost 2/3 of the way to the goal. we will fund this. if it doesn't fund, i am still going to publish the book. it will just be financially a different scenario for me. but if it doesn't fund, there will not be a hardcover edition. but i have every intention of successfully reintroducing this series to english speaking readers. thanks for your interest. - steve
i really want this book, but it seems that the funds have been at a standstill for about a week now.  what will it mean for the series if the goal of this kickstarter isn't met?  also, in that event, will there still be a possibility of purchasing a hardcover edition of this book?  thank you for any info you can provide.  you've definitely interested me in this series and i am fully committed to finding some way to obtain a copy of this book.
thanks heather. i hope so too. but thank you so much for your support. - steve
hello! i'm so excited about your project. i featured it in the weekly column i write about bookish projects (http://cwatc-bookclub.blogspot.com/2013/06/litstarter-bringing-you-best-in-bookish.html). i'm truly hoping this gets funded.
adriane asked: "will this be a reprint of the first book with the rest of the series following once this is successful? i sure hope so, i want to start at the beginning with the high quality edition you're making, but i hope you're extra successful so we have more books to look forward to in the future." to answer, yes!!! that is my vision for this project. revised editions of the great walls of samaris and fever in urbicande are available in europe with almost double the pages of the original us editions. the tower and brüsel are next to impossible to find. and the invisible frontier vol 1 & 2 are getting harder and harder to locate. my plan is to get the leaning girl, shadow of a man, and the grain of sand theory published by the summer of 2014 then start rereleasing the earlier volumes.
will this be a reprint of the first book with the rest of the series following once this is successful? i sure hope so, i want to start at the beginning with the high quality edition you're making, but i hope you're extra successful so we have more books to look forward to in the future.
as a immense fan of schuiten's work, i applaud your effort to bring this increadible artist to the english speaking public.
richard pratt asked, "can you clarify the dimensions on the print. is the size listed including the margins, and if so, can you give a us a sense of the size of the graphic?" richard, the paper size of the book before the binding is 9-3/8" x 11-5/8" x 3/4" thick (29,4 x 23,2 x 2 cm). the signed/numbered book plate will be approximately 8 x 10-1/2" inches including the margins so that it can be inserted into the hardcover book.
i can't wait to see the artwork in person. steve, i have one question ... can you clarify the dimensions on the print. is the size listed including the margins, and if so, can you give a us a sense of the size of the graphic? thanks!
for those unfamiliar with the obscure cities series i can recommend some page to vist: http://www.altaplana.be/dossiers/darius/the_obscure_cities_an_introduction http://www.altaplana.be/dossiers/architect_of_the_fantastic http://www.altaplana.be/dictionary/chronicles http://www.altaplana.be/
steve, i am a big fan of the obscure cities series, but i have only been able to get my hands on the fever in urbicand and the tower in english up to now. given how successful this campaign has already been, do you have any kind of time frame in mind for future releases from the series?
hi steve!  congrats on the success thus far.  although i'm not familiar with the series or the authors, i was intrigued by the art, that it had been published in heavy metal and by your video.  i was wondering if you can use the update to provide some insight into the series for the new readers.  by no means you are obliged to do this but i'm curious as to what about the series captivated you enough to take on this project or what had the authors intended for the series to be?  in any case, can't wait to crack a copy of the book open!
victor, this book will be the same size as the european volume, so slightly larger than 9x12". this is a book, thick and meaty, printed on beautiful paper hand picked by the artist because of the way it holds the lines. thanks for asking. steve
what are your planned dimensions for the book? seems like it would be a shame to print it at a normal comic trade size. also, due to the line work and amount of detail, what kind of paper and printing are you planning on using? i am extremely excited for this.
this project looks incredible.
