hello guys!   i just wanted to give some feedback.   the battery pack charged well up until this last month.  it was discharged about 10 times, and fully charged about as many.  it charged well, then after pulling it off of the charger, and going to use it later the day, i found the battery not working with only one blue power light. i put it on a slow charge via usb and it did not charge. (for two weeks).  today i put it on the fast charger.  the one blue light on did a faster blink, (about once every half second) at first.  when i checked an hour later, there were no lights visible on the battery at all. unfortunately, the lumolyte battery did not last a year..
@sameer jalan thank you for the video and explanation. we replied to your message on kickstarter a few moments ago. please check there!
dear lyte systems, i have mailed you a video and images also to explain the charging problem with my lumopack. but thereehas been no response for your side. kindly let me know what is the progress you have made in my case.  waiting for your reply. regards, sameer jalan
@jørgen sandstad @kwang il choi  @sameer jalan we have sent you a direct message on kickstarter. please check there so we can help you with your questions and comments.
there is a small black rubber/plastic insulation which is on the charger and goes in the input of 10a. it's has melted due to extreme heat while charging and hence i cannot charge the lumopack via 10a adapter and have to use micro usb charging which takes time. pls suggest what should i do. :
hello. my lumopack is not charged. it smells like something burning inside atomizer. cai exchange that?
hello. my lumopack charger is defective. when i put it in the wall socket the 16amp fuse is blown. i live in norway and we use 230v.  the lumopack is still working.  can you please send me a new power for the lumopack? regards jørgen
@matz please send us a direct email with your issue to admin@lytesystems.com and we will help you there.
hi the lumopack worked for couple of months very nice. once it seemed to get too hot while charging and something melted at the connection to the charger. now it can not be charged anymore. is there a chance to get a replacement? regards
@cleiton santos sorry to hear about your trouble with lumopack. please email us here: admin@lytesystems.com we will help with your enquiry there.
hi lumopack, since my lumopack have been delived... i haven't used it for once... it's simple down't work... it's not charging... have i try will all recharges that come with the battery, but it simple doen't work... i no charge... i try let it chaging for a long time to verify if was a low power, but no diference... it never recharge.. i haven't used anytime...
@wayne millard we have sent you a direct message by email. please check it, so we can get you a replacement.
hi lumopack, i have been using the lumopack for some time and all has been good up in tell now were the 140w charger has just exploded in a very loud bang and the charger smells very bad can you please send me a replacement? wayne millard
@sameer jalan we will send you a message on kickstarter to resolve the issue. thanks for letting us know.
there is a small black rubber/plastic insulation which is on the charger and goes in the input of 10a. it's has melted due to extreme heat while charging and hence i cannot charge the lumopack via 10a adapter and have to use micro usb charging which takes time. pls suggest what should i do. :(
@oscar lau unfortunately, the delivery timeline is dependent on the post office, so it can be slower in some cases.
@bi nguyen please check our kickstarter message from april. we need you to confirm your address and we can get your package sent out.
hi lumppack. i have not received my package. could you please check it? thanks
"take longer than usual..." and how can you help me with that? wait for some underterminate day?
loved it for months! thank you!
@katwa gasi we are so glad that you love your lumopack. it makes us happy to know that you are enjoying it. thanks for the support!
@hiroshi honjo yes, that is normal. we also replied to your question by email. please let us know if you have further questions.
@oscar lau sorry you haven't received your lumopack yet. most backers received their packages much sooner. however, there have been unique instances when packages take longer than usual.
i'm getting a spark everytime i connect the lumo pack to the ac adaptor.  it charges fine, just when the tip connects it sparks.  it's fine charging via the usb cable.  is this normal?
40 days and don't arrive yet. emailed lumopack and they said wait 8 weeks. very disappointed.
i love my lumo pack. use everyday. very fast. very effective. change my whole life style. never have to worry about the iphone battery life again.
@djdontw admin@lytesystems.com is used for warranty questions and concerns, among some other topics.
@djdontw we have replied to your email from admin@lytesystems.com. please have a look and reply to admin@lytesystems.com; we will help with your request there.
why do you keep on changing email addresses? or is this email address for different issues? i've sent email to contact@lytesystems.com for a week and no reply, i just forwarded the same email to your admin@lytesystems.com please reply!
@choi jun please email us at admin@lytesystems.com so we can help you with your request.
@fx50 please email us at admin@lytesystems.com and we'll help you with your request. also, all lumopacks were shipped out with a us plug. please have a look at update #18, explaining the options to use the power adapter with international outlets.
no answer !
i told you also that the power supply not working and it is for us plug but i am uk type
i told you also that the power supply not working and it is for us plug but i am uk type
it is not possible or more not useful to charge the lumopack on a normal usb port! the lumopack is charging with 2.6 ah! allowed on your normal usb port is 0.5 ah, that could kill your pc or the usb fuse. that could be the same problem with your charger. this is the only bad thing with the lumopack, they are not checking the resistor on the data lanes, and accept the allowed current. the always loading with full ah...
it can't charge even my normal usb charger and notebook usb port. and it is often disconnected in charging a phone. i have several batteries, i have never experienced a problem from them. i've been wait almost a year for this product, but i very disappointed. so i want to refund my lumopack.
charges the lumopack in 18 minutes. impressive. i get around 1.5 charges for my nexus 6p (3000 mah and i usually use it a lot while charging) so the capacity may be true (one of my biggest doubts). love it! kudos, lumopack team
fx50: fast charging was only for the battery pack not for the phone! and with the power supply the lumopack get full in 18 minutes.
hi . the power supply is not working + it is not charging the phone very fast ! + it is us plug not uk type
@techheng lim we are truly sorry for the late reply. we have sent you a private message on kickstarter. please check it and reply there.
@lyte admin can someone reply my private message? why my package takes 20 days at customs clearance without any notice? can you please update me the information regarding the shipping? it is so impolite since it takes always take 1 week to receive a response from your party and you make very little responsibility to all beckers who keep waiting for your products here.
@backers we are very happy that you guys are enjoying your new lumopacks! thank you for your feedback regarding lumopack and the fulfillment process. we are always trying to improve lumopack and ourselves as a company. we are constantly open to any feedback, so please do not hesitate to get in contact with us on kickstarter or by email at contact@lytesystems.com. also, if you have any questions or concerns regarding your order or product, please send us an email to contact@lytesystems.com.
@schluenzen thank you for helping out with backers’ requests! it is much appreciated.
@melvin wong we have sent you a private kickstarter message so we can evaluate your issue with lumopack. please reply there so we may help you.
@marco sorry to hear about the trouble with customs. we have sent you a private message replying to your request.
if you have ordered only the wall plug the customs is right.
hey, my lumopack is funked at the customs. i must return the lumopack, they say thats the wrong conector for germany and the powersupply has no ce sign� regards marco
hi there , how come when i charge with the mini usb - the blue indicator light does not light up - how would i know its charging or not
hi there, today i received my lumopack. lumpopack is not good processed. i hope it work better then the assembly.
sorry 2.6 mah are wrong correct is 2.6 ah.
@j.l: yes the lumopack is loading but... with 2.6 mah! only load with very good power supply! should be full in about 3h (6000/2600=2,3h).  but have a look on you power supply, the first time!
can the lumopack be charge with the usb input? and how long. mine not charging. only with plug in car cable n the wall cable. not the usb cable input.
@mohd ali: you misunderstand the fast charging... the charging progress of you phone is controlled by the phone! for example the iphone load slow at the fist 20% and the last 80%. between it will load if possible with 2ah.  the lumopack will load in 18 minutes if you use the power supply. the 6 minutes to load for iphone would say you: charge the lumopack  6 minutes and you have stored the power to charge you iphone from 0% to 100%. and if u will charge the lumopack fast u will know you why you should not do with you device...
hi there, today i received my lumopack, i test lumopack on my iphone 5s after 20mins i see the percentage indicator 30% only from 11%, then i test lumopack on my galaxy s5 it was same after 85 mins gots full charged. i really get disappointed  anybody can help me?!
last commend: the lumopack get charged in about 18 minutes. nice! but... the (big) power supply is nice cool while and at the end of loading. with a little sound while loading. bad is that you are not able to open the power supply for repairing.  the power code to the lumopack gets warm while loading. that means the cord is to thin or the current is to high for the cable. lumopack it self get pretty hot, about 50 degree celsius. nice could be a slow loading switch on power supply for a lesser stress loading for the lumopack. the lumopack will live longer with a lower temperature while loading, i think. at last a inspiration for the wall plug. fit the wall plug with the same connector that the power supply has. if you sell your pack international you have just to exchange the power cord. if users are traveling the have just to buy a cheap cable for everything. and u will never have space problems with funny sockets that are not build for a wall charger. and both will fit in you pocket.
received mine today, a great device! it's packaged on a medium box with all the wires and charger, but the black case shown on several photos is missing
with a load of 2.1ah the voltage drops 4.8v, checked with a calibrated dmm. that's not so nice for a nearly 100$ battery pack.
i get my lumo today. the only bad thing i can say is that the lumo pulls with 2.6ah on my usb charger. i don't know if this is a function? but my car charger smells very similarly to many power... so a loading with a normal power supply is not possible? but the rest looks good.
hi guys, i didn't get my tracking number yet. i confirmed information when requested but no news! can you give me some update?
@jan: update 15...
based  in eu i've found only us-ended plugs in the packing - but i can overcome it with a reductione piece. while reading the manual i see there 3 modes for device charging (solid/flashing/s.o.s.), however i don't see anywhere any explanation what does it mean / in what situation should each mode be used. can you please clarify or point me to the right place ?
@schluenzen: thanks for your help.
@hafiz akmal amer hamzah: cause could be the customs clearance. for more information go to dhl tracking...
hi, my tracking number works again now. but the latest one shows "addressee requested later delivery - will attempt delivery on next working day". but, i never requested anything
received my lumopack some days ago. i'm really impressed. fantastic product. thanks friends!
received the lumopack + kit and it's pretty cool, few questions though. 1) when charging the pack, is it supposed to make a static noise? 2) is the limited gold edition the same as rose gold sold on the website?
@hafiz akmal amer hamzah:  das paket hängt jetzt vermutlich beim zoll. versuch mal die tracking nummer bei dhl einzutragen. of macht dhl die zustellung für usps. meins hängt seit heute mittag im zoll.
same here i could track the shipment until yesterday and today it says error in locating the tracking number
hi, i received the tracking number 's email. i can track it until early this morning. it says "departed". now, i can't even track it. it says error when i entered the numbers. is it normal? btw, i'm from germany
@david: read update 11...
did you guys improve the charging time?  on your website it states a full charge in 18minuts  but on kickstarter its 30minuts
i just get my tracking info. my address was unverified so i had to complete a survey. now waiting for my lumopack. i'm from spain
just get mine today after long weekend. haven't tried it yet since i already charged everything full but my only complain (for now) is my lumo pack has a few scratch (not mine that, since it gonna have more tear in the future. i already have plenty of battery pack and i know it) and a lot of hair and dust 'inside' the package. it seem the hair and dust are from manufacturers itself. please inform them that they need to clean the both stock room, and production room. too much hair and dust for acceptable rate...
i'll send the survey again, please check the address.
received mine today. very nice build quality and it seems to work as promised. jolly good show!
@gautam r. save tracking numbers for backers who had unverified addresses and have completed the survey were not yet sent out. we will keep you updated with a tracking number when we have it. thanks for your patience.
@charles tan c. h. we have sent you a private message to address your concern.
hey backers, your questions and comments have been addressed in the most recent update titled: shipment update #2. these topics include tracking details, shipments to germany, lumokit usage, and others.
hi, i'm from india and have not received any tracking number. i've completed the survey as well for address verification. regards gautam
received mine this friday,unpacked and found only 1 unit of lumopack????
@mightyjax inc, what they say is the lumopack will fast charge and not fast charge a device.
is there something special you have to do to get a fast charge?  i was at 40% and set a timer 18 min later i was at 58% ? am i missing something ? iphone 6+ ?
received mine this week also,  works as expected and appears to be good quality. glad to finally have the product.
just received my lumopack. it really feels good in my hands. i love the colour and metal finishing. lumopack working well for me! singapore!
i got my lumopack tracking info, im from australia wa
have u started shipping to germany? cause i still didn't get mine.
i received my lumopack today, thanks, it looks great and i'm looking forward to testing it out. i got the whole kit, including all the cables, cords, power adapters and cool zippered case. one problem though, everything doesn't fit into the little zippered case. i can put in all the cords and ac adapter but there isn't enough room for the usb wall plug... oh, and the lumopack!i guess you should have enclosed two of the storage cases!
i finally got my lumo pack after months of delay. will put it to test shortly. hopefully it was worth the wait and the $86 usd.
received mine. i like the packaging - on to trying out the pack.
thanks lumopack team !! got the lumopack it looks great ..excited to try it out !!
have you already shipped to germany? after so many months late reimbursement would be required.
can you send all of us tracking number? looks like it's more than late now~
though i received no email confirming tracking number my lumopack came to today in sydney australia. i have not tried it yet but was very impressed with the packaging. the only negative so is the power plug is not suitable for australia, but i can buy an adapter. cheers
@mark burrows we're happy to tell you that your lumopack was sent last week. we sent your tracking number to your kickstarter inbox. please reply to us there if you have any questions!
useless. no communication and no product.  sick of waiting. refund my money.
@byung-il yu we sent you a message last week requesting for you to fill out a survey. this is regarding address verification. once you fill out the survey, we can send your reward. please check your kickstarter messages, as you may have missed it.
i want refund, you lier.  no update for my country and no response for my request for information. do you have any sense of trust?
received mine today!  nice packaging and it works great so far!  long time to wait but worth it thanks!
i just received mine the mail too. thanks!
i have just received this day cool but not adaptator for france so i will buy one.
hey backers, the majority of shipments went out this week. backers with verified addresses will be receiving lumopacks very soon! we will send out an update next week, which will include additional details regarding tracking numbers for verified addresses and info for shipments to unverified addresses. however, all backers with unverified addresses have been notified already. we will also send out details to backers regarding shipments to countries which have restrictions on lithium ion batteries. these countries include germany and italy. best regards,  team lyte
its been another week of delay and still no shipping progress despite having address correctly given. c'mon guys. you should have done this earlier. where are our battery packs? at this point, i am beginning to want a refund instead. its taking too long. this has been the most delayed project we've ever backed (including my husband).
where is your"fulfilment center"? i live in los angeles and would like to just go pick up my charger on person. get back to me as i would like to do this on monday. be respectful and considerate with a response.
i did not understand the problem. my address was properly informed from the first time. what kind of verification you are doing? i sent back the full address and expect a response with the delivery date. regards.
hello backers, we do truly apologize for the delay! we did receive all addresses through your original surveys. however, after giving the addresses to our fulfillment center and processing the addresses through address verification software, certain addresses were labeled as one of the following: match-vacant: the address is valid but vacant.  match-inactive: the address is valid but inactive.  none: status not known, possibly because the address is invalid.  partial: parts of the address were verified. in order to make sure shipments are not lost or returned back to us, we sent out surveys and messaged backers to confirm or edit their address. some backers have given us new addresses in the process. we apologize for the delay and inconvenience, but we do need to make sure these addresses are processed correctly.
@schluenzen  we do have ce certification for lumopack. the issue was that certain country’s post offices do not accept lithium ion batteries.
i shouldn't have backed this an invest on battery pack with quick change 2.0 instead. such a chaos without explanation.
hi ! i had my shipping address properly recorded and saved when i responded to the first survey on shipping address, etc.  i have confirmation of it on my kickstarter page for this project.  now i received email that lyte systems team did not receive or cannot see my shipping address.  how this can be? anyway, i filled out survey on shipping address requested by lyte systems today.
this is becoming a total chaos. how in the world can you guys make such a huge mistake with the shipment address? the so called fastest charger is becoming the slowest and most disappointing product i have ever backed up at kickstarter. guys get your sh... together. you need to work on your organization skills 101.
no update on shipment to the philippines?
its all smelling of another ks scam
guys what happening? its been so long and still we are not aware of the shipping? why is there so much delay?
looks like there will be another months to wait! speechless with the way you deliver the product
lol
for europe you need a ce sign an a declaration of conformity.  than there should no problem...
hello backers, please take a look at the most recent update with shipping information.
hi guys, any update on deliveries in europe?
i still didn't receives the lumopack. am from germany
hi can you give us an update on when i can receive the lunmopack in singapore? thank you
lack of update could kill your company. product might be great but without any update it'd stir the negative feedback.
shipment to singapore ??
any updates for shipping info to eu (spain for example)?
any updates on the shipping here in the us? i dont think it takes this long to get from la to the bay area. would really appreciate an update.
can we get an update on the us shipments? you mentioned they would finally ship out last week, haven't heard any update about this. please let us know. hoping to take this with me to coachella this year, thank you!
moin moin lumopack team, any information for eu backer?
when can i have my lumo? i still have no information about it.
backer #103 here, got mine yesterday in taiwan, haven't tried it yet, but thought to bring it up for those who are worried about not receiving their lumopack. the design and quality build seems to be very sturdy and felt nice on the hands, love the simple flashlight function with on, slow blink and fast blink options. thank-you team lyte! great product...
i already got my lumo pack in taiwan.  so guys, maybe it's no need to worry about the shipment. you'll get it.
hey backers, please go check out the most recent update for shipping and fulfillment news! best regards,  team lyte
hi ,can you please let me know when we will receive the lumo in us? i trust the china customs is past story ? so we will appreciate your updating us with latest status pl.
it's already wednesday so i assume it still early of the week. will it be any update before never next week?
hello guys! any news about shipment?
when will i receive my lumo?
i kind of losing my patient already. but thinking that this is the first time you guys managing this kind of thing, i try to understand the difficulties.
hey backers, we'll be sending out an update regarding shipping very soon (by early next week). please watch out for it then. best regards,  team lyte
yawns... no updates?
hi, i need to know when i receive my lumo...!
any update on delivery to the uk?
when will i receive my lumo?
any updates??? been so long
when will i receive the product?
dear lyte systems, as polite and considerate as i can be when saying this, please understand that our "pledge" is our way of saying we trust you in delivering your ideas to us. obviously, things happen and mishaps will be met. we get it, but do not take our patience for granted. because sooner or later, regret is the only option we have left.
i have been waiting since october 2015 and now we are almost in february 2016. still waiting on a shipping arrival of the product i pledged more than a year ago.
hey backers,  our apologies for not sending out an update sooner. we have been working very hard to get your lumopacks to you! thank you for your patience. please take a look at the most recent update for some news!  best regards, team lyte
if you can see all the comments demanding an update, then at least have the courtesy to update those that made this project possible.  even if that update is to say you are still awaiting delivery etc etc.
please update your progress...kickstarter, i am just about done with you!!!!
yeah. please provide us update on the progress. whats the problem? what cause the delay?
can we all have a update on progress of product. it has been some time since the last update. thanks wayne millard
last login from them was jan 16, so the obviously see how much delay and patience we've had with this now.
almost 1 year… any update ?
like wayne said, is there any update on delivery or is it still the same timeline as the most recent update?
hi is there any update on delivery?
creator last login was december 29th. i think they're not going to come back until they're receiving the item in los angeles.
guys its way longer than expected delivery. infact i have chnaged my phones twice during this entire wait. i've had it enough of it. now i really wish to cancel my order and get refund of my money. kindly respond back asap!
@backers please check our most recent update for the current status!
@brianm the mini usb cables will be shipped out with all orders when we receive the units in january.
guys what happening? its been so long and still we are not aware of the shipping? why is there so much delay?
really late still improvement only but see no update when its gonna ship
any update? we are already in the middle of december.
does anyone know when these will actually ship?
also jerry or anyone else, if you want a cable that charges your phone up quicker than this is the go for you. i backed them and received the cable and it charges it so fast. i plan to use this cable with my lumopack https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2019070583/incharge-bolt-the-smallest-keyring-cable-on-steroi
hi jerry, i made the same mistake as you and read or should i say misread the main advantageous purpose of lumopack and that is that it can charge itself very fast not charge our phones very fast. when i realised this i went back and read the description properly and i could see it clearly. in multiple places they mention that the fast charge is the lumopack itself. i cannot wait to get it.
hello jerry, i read the project description and i was able to understand that the battery pack will charge quick and not the device to charge. and english is not my mother language... and usb charging is limited to 2.1 ah and will be always controlled by the device. lipo / liion will always charged under electronics control to prevent explosion. an the current is limited by cable / interface specifications.
schluenzen, it was not clearly stated that.  only in stated clearly in the faq's but that was not posted until the the funding was over.
hello jerry, next time don't look only picture... read the text. at the beginning of explaining the project you can read: "charge lumopack at 140 watts for six minutes to store enough power to give your iphone 6 a full charge! ..." i can't read we charge you iphone in six minutes! this is a nice rtfm error... be proud to support a nice project, and kickstarter is not a shopping centre.
by the way, you have an illustration of 3 phones comparing the level of lumopack to 2 other battery packs. why use illustrations of phones with battery level if it's not the actual phone that your comparing the fast charging capabilities. you should of had illustrations of your battery pack with competitors. see?! misleading and deceptive. i want my money back!
i think you misrepresented your early backers (like me). you made it appear that you can offer fast charging to your phone (in my case, an iphone 6+ in 10 mins). not until you closed the funding, you now said it doesn't fast charge a phone and now can't get a refund. how deceptive. i do not need another external battery back, especially one that large. it is no benefit to me.
dear lumo team, delays or problem are not our problem. but keep us informed, tell us what happen.
i baked because of the fast charging of the lumopack. normally your powerbank is empty when you need him. only 10min of charging and you can take your lumopack with you and it charges your mobile phone completly. that was described and i think its fabulous.
i pledged $10 for the mini cables only. any idea when they might be shipped out?
@viral chopra in the last two updates (update #9 and #10) we mentioned that the major reason for delays was to r&d a new and smaller power adapter. because we worked on fulfilling lumopack with a smaller power adapter despite not reaching our 100k goal, it created some delays. we are very sorry for the delays, and we did not foresee this happening. we are trying our best to deliver lumopack as fast as possible without compromising quality.  we want to delivery a product that both our backers and we will be happy with. additionally, the expected timeline for shipment is for december/january.
@techheng lim we are truly sorry for the misunderstanding! in the video and body of the campaign we said that lumopack can “store” power fast, but not actually change your phone fast. unfortunately, that is limited by the capability of the phone. additionally, please refer to the first question in the faqs section: “1. wait so...lumopack can charge my iphone in 6 minutes?” lastly, you’ll notice we give a full explanation of the charging capability in the fast charging section of the kickstarter body: “lumopack can be charged at 140 watts–that’s 14-28 times more than standard battery packs (5-10 watts). as a result, after just 6 minutes of charging, lumopack stores enough power for a full iphone 6 charge, and after 9 minutes, enough power for a samsung galaxy s6. lumopack’s battery only needs 30 minutes for a full charge (6000 mah).”
guys what happening? its been so long and still we are not aware of the shipping? why is there so much delay?  this is not acceptable you says shipping oct and in big update you very conveniently says jan-feb!!!
i read below comments and i feel like what you have claimed in the video is far from what your product has delivered to us. totally disappointed with this project since it make not much different from other power bank in the market. you should cancel it in case you can't reach what you have commit to all backers.
@scott henkel yes, there is. please look at our most recent update called "big update" and look under the section titled: "timeline."
is there another estimate for the shipping date?
@dan parsons @harpreet marahar @don chen @matt gohata we are sorry to have caused you guys to worry. also, sorry for not being active with updates the past month. please take a look at our most recent update called: big update.
@irwan s. thanks for the suggestion. unfortunately, we won’t be able to increase the output wattage for our first release of lumopack. please take a look at the most recent update titled “big update” for more information.
@jean-daniel grob architect inc. @sam fleishman  @richard smith we sent out an update on september 9th. we hope all of you were able to read it through. we also just released a new update called: big update.
@roni a. elias please refer to our newest update called: big update.
@don chen thanks for making some great points regarding manufacturing in china.
@joel lawrence please take a look at our response from the update #8 comments section or you can also see it below: “we have a very close relationship with our manufacturers, and we are working diligently to ensure high quality control. however, there are always problems that can occur when manufacturing any product, which is why we are offering a warranty with all lumopacks. also, some of the best electronics are manufacturer in china, such as apple products.”
@angie we were sorry to see you go as a backer in july and are sorry for any misunderstanding. @ch liew  thank you for helping us clarify lumopack’s features!
@paul chambers 1) great recommendation regarding the 19v/7.4a power supply. however, because we couldn’t make changes to the circuit board in the battery pack, we needed to stick with those specs for the power supply. otherwise, that would have been great. 2) yes, we did speak to finsix. we wanted to work with them to create a lumopack power supply. they mentioned that they would only have a solution for us in mid-2016, which is too far out. however, we are considering this option for the future.
@dan parsons thanks for notifying us about your email. we have sent you a message on kickstarter. please check and reply at your earliest convenience.
@jeremy gardner yes, you can change your color choice! please check your kickstarter inbox for a message from us. we’ll make sure to figure it out for you!
@vitaly chernishov @guido @ghem punzalan @paul chambers thanks for the great recommendations and willingness give up the micro charger. we hope you have already seen that we are providing the smaller wall charger, while still keeping the micro usb charger! :) if not, please take a look at our update from september 9th, titled: power adapter size | timeline | social media.
@schluenzen @ivanovitch_k  @grant mansell a higher output and other features has been a huge consideration for us. like you mentioned grant, it won’t be possible for the first release of lumopack. please check out the most recent update called “big update” for additional info!
@andrew carpenter thanks for the additional clarification! : )
@henry chien @piotr  @stacey @marcus win we are sorry you feel that way. we want to apologize for any misunderstanding; it was not a deliberate intent at all. the reason for presenting lumopack in that manner was to give some perspective as to how fast it can charge.  we are absolutely okay with giving you guys a refund.  however, we are only able to provide a partial refund due to the % that kickstarter has already deducted from our funds. to elaborate on some of the points you have made: from a technological point of view, it is not advised to charge your devices faster than the standard speeds listed on the device. most devices internal circuit board will not allow faster speeds to begin with. the reason for this is simple in that the battery within our devices are not made to sustain a faster charge. if we were to have created a device that can directly charge your phone in 6 minutes, it would be risking your battery life span (cycle life), but also significantly increasing the risk of it swelling, catching on fire, or even exploding. we believe lumopack is a great product because it’s the closest feasible thing to allowing users to be on-the-go without being stuck to a wall, waiting for devices to charge. many of us buy battery packs to save us from that occasional scenario where our phone battery is about to die. however, having a typical charging battery pack can equally leave you in a situation where your phone battery and battery pack are both out of power. this results in the dependency of the wall outlet all over again. because lumopack can recharge itself at incredible speeds, we believe this will prevent you from any scenario of being stuck to a wall charging your devices for hours. this allows you to truly be on-the-go!
the marketing seemed perfectly clear to me: the battery itself stores power quickly so you don't need to wait long while recharging it.  how quickly other devices charge depends on their own design, and external batteries can charge them no faster than they were designed to be charged.
just to put my voice in here too - the way you marketed it left the clear impression that it was a fast phone charger, i.e. charged the phone fast, in 6 minutes. it was either badly thought out or deliberately deceptive. a fast charging charger is of quite limited use... i'm not asking for a refund as i don't want to leave you guys high and dry with big debts, but i'm not too sure why you thought this was such a great idea.
i also agree with henry chien and piotr, this is a huge disappointment and defeats the purpose of why i made my purchase in the first place. please arrange for a refund, thank you.
i agree with henry chien. for me it's a big disappointment. i don't need just another power bank. i thought it will charge my phone faster.... please arrange a refund for those who are not  interested this product anymore. thank you
@dan parsons @harpreet marahar @don chen @matt gohata we are sorry to have caused you guys to worry. also, sorry for not being active with updates the past month. please watch out for an update within the next 24 hours. : )
is this another kickstarter scam??? i have pledged and now am worried that this guy has done a runner!!! please update us with at least a small post to keep your backers confidence up that you have not rorted everyone!!
whats happeneing? no update no nothing!
5 weeks now since last update and no comments since june 25, this is disturbing! care to share what is going on? update us!
update please.
hi, i also got the impression that  lumopack will charge my phone in 6 mins.  after reading the comments below, this is not the case.  i do not need another power back at this point.  pls arrange for refund. thank you.
would be great if you can make the quick charge feature on your project as nowaday, many companies release the quickcharge feature on their powerbank products. cheers !
an update would ne nice ?
update please
update would be good seeing as your last one was well over 6 weeks ago. thanks !
@joel, your comment sound like you are not confident with products manufactured in china? everything and every big companies with great product uses china's manufacturing facilities or their own factories in china. i don't recall one single electronic product that isn't produced or sourced from china. the important issue is that the buyer chooses the right manufacturer and make the necessary quality requirements to the factory. i do not claim that there are no stupid low class factories in china who manufactures low quality products... but that is mostly the fault of buyers who are looking for extremely cheap production and components.
when will item ship?
can we be confident about the reliability and quality from a chinese manufacturer?
but it' was impressed where the powerbank can store a full charge of itself in 30mins. and you are on the go. unlike other powerbank which need few hours to charging up.
@angie~what they means is the powerbank can store a full charge power supply for an iphone 6 in 6 mins. it's not charging the powerbank full in 6 mins. and sorry for my bad english.
hi there, i was under the impression that the lumopack would charge my phone in 6 minutes...and then under the impression that it would be charged in 30 minutes. but now i see that that is not really the case. i'm quite confused and unfortunately i don't want this anymore, as i have plenty of regular chargers. is there any way to get a refund now? thanks - much appreciated.
a couple of further comments on the ac power supply: 1) i strongly urge you to consider using 19v/7.4a to charge the pack (rather than 14v/10a), to make it interchangable with high-wattage laptop power supplies. for example, my laptop has a 19.5v/7.7a 150w power supply. by chosing a more 'standard' voltage/current combination, i expect you would find more suppliers willing to work with you - you're not the only potential customer, such a product could also be sold to gaming & workstation laptop manufacturers. 2) have you talked with the finsix team? (http://finsix.com/power-platform/). they ran a kickstarter to produce a tiny 65w laptop power supply. but their technology could easily deliver 140w in far less space than any alternative. very compact, very efficient.
i have entered the wrong email address how do i correct this?
i inadvertently choose gold on one of the three items. is there any way to change it to blue? it was 30 minutes ago. .. surely there is time to correct it?
congrats on your funding!!!!!  much success!!!
at the moment the specification of usb cable allowed not more then 2.1 ah. the second problem is that the charger electronic will limit the power. the iphone e.g. will load battery slow at the start then it will raise slow up to 2.1 ah. at about 80% it will lower the charge rate down.  so if the lumopack will be able to have a out put for 3ah it will have no use for you... and there is no protocol to tell the phone that it will be able to get more power. and... charging with more power will generate more heat inside the battery so that the temperature monitoring will shutdown the charging to cool down the battery.
agree with paul, dump the microcharger, as we have plenty of it at home or available at the local store. and put saved money to wall charger r&d
congrats to the project - i also agree with paul & ghem - vote for the smaller charger.
i agree with paul. we can survey which cords the end users need.
i know i certainly don't need the micro charger - i have a number of those already, capable of 5v@2.4a. i would happily give up that part of the reward to increase the funds available to produce the smaller 140 watt wall charger. those 10w usb chargers are a commodity, the smaller 140 watt charger i can only get from you :) may i suggest surveying your backers, see if the majority feel the same way?
@grant it won't be of any use to you as i don't know any device that draws more than 2.4 amps. the device under charge determines itself what current it needs. for example iphones 6 (prev. gen are maxxed at 10w) or ipads will never exceed a 12w draw (@usb 5 volts it's i = 12 / 5 = 2.4 amps). it is however a pity that the lumopack is capped at 2a discharge. 2.5a would've been great. dual usb port and simultaneous 2.5a discharge would've been even better. i'm quite certain the mof cells can tackle such discharge currents given that they do charge at much higher ones.
hi guys,  i didn't comment earlier because i want lumopack as soon as possible. however, i have also sponsored a different campaign that is concentrating on the discharge side... 3.5a. i think this is the true next step. i want fast charging when i'm near to an outlet and have time to charge and i want fast discharge when i have the time to plug everything in. i don't want a compromise in either.  any chance we can have 3.5a out in the near future? not as kickstarter, we get what we paid for, but the next product (with a discount obviously)
@schluenzen thanks for the comments. we are still working to finalize which iec 60320 connector we will use in the power adapter. we will keep you updated.
@ch liew the power adapter for lumopack can be used in malaysia. it has an input of 100v-240v, so you are covered. we are still working to see if we can provide different adapter cables for different countries.
@tyler thanks for your excitement! we can’t wait to deliver lumopacks to all our backers. we answered your question in a previous comment on june 2nd, but if you hadn’t seen it, here is the answer to your question: unfortunately, this version of lumopack will not have the capability to charge devices like a laptop or power small appliances. we are considering those features for future models. thanks for the suggestions.
@sean ventrella thanks for your interest in a stretch goal for lumopack. if you didn’t already see, please go check out our update from june 13th regarding the size of the wall charger (as well as a couple comments from june 2nd). i hope that covers any questions you have regarding the stretch goal.
@niranjan @stanley liu thanks for both of your concerns. if you didn’t already see, we announced a stretch goal for a smaller wall charger on june 13th. please take a look at that and let us know if you have any questions.
@vitaly chernishov thanks for all the recommendations. we took all of them into consideration when deciding on the final extended goal (especially your docking charging station idea). i hope you were able to take a look at the extended goal update we announced.
@james jackson i believe you are asking whether there will be any damage to your phone. there will be no damage to your phone. lumopack charges your phone at its normal rate. only lumopack has the capability to charge fast.
@k unfortunately, lumopack will not charge your samsung galaxy note 4 at the same speed as the fast charger (9v/1.67a). lumopack has a usb output of 5v/2a.
@anthonykiong thanks for the comments. the power adapter input voltage is 100-240v, so you are covered. also, as far as the power adapter size, we have created an extended goal for a smaller wall charger. if you haven't seen it yet, please refer to the added sections on our kickstarter.  instructions can be found on our most recent update! thanks for all your awesome suggestions on usb type c and the size of lumopack, but unfortunately we will not be able to make those modifications for this release of lumopack.
@이지수 unfortunately, lumopack does not charge your phone fast. the charging times refer to the amount of time needed to charge lumopack, so that you can then later charge your phone. for example, if you charge lumopack for 6 minutes, you can take lumopack with you on-the-go to charge your iphone 6 (at a normal rate). this means that your phone battery won’t be damaged. sorry for the misunderstanding!
@backers our apologies for some late response to your messages and comments. as we are a small team, we have been scrambling to keep up with many questions and requests from different sources. we will make sure to send quicker replies in the future. thanks for the patience.
7 hours, and $8700 more for the extended goal !
hello, nice could be a iec 60320-1 c8 power connector on charger site. or if you need a c14 if you need earth ground. that should be connectors that are very commend in eu. and you will get nearly every were a fitting end for the wall plug site.
hi creator, can the lumopack to be use in malaysia? since the power plug is quite different for some countries.
@heri sim yes! all rewards which include lumopack will come with a wall power adapter.
@ivanovitch_k thanks for the comment. we will definitely be doing an update before the end of the campaign. our apologies for the late response to your message. we will get back to you asap.
@mattias deparcq @mikey moran our apologies for the late response to both of your comments. the wall charger has an input of 100-240 volts, so the input of the chargers are compatible in the eu and uk. we are still working out the details of including wall adapters for different countries. we will keep you updated on that progress. also, lumopack will be sent from los angeles, ca.
do rewards include the wall adapter?
lyte, please do an update before the funding ends. and please look at your ks messages. i'm left unanswered for days now.
hey guys, someone asked if this is compatible in eu, i live in the uk am i going to have any charging issues?  many thanks
@backers we have also had much interest in modifications for lumopack. unfortunately, we are most likely unable to do any extended goals for the battery pack itself. however, we are definitely considering capacity, port, and function variations for future versions.
@backers we’ve been getting a lot of questions and concerns about our 140-watt wall charger. more specifically, there have been concerns of its size. at first, we hoped that providing two additional chargers (portable micro usb & portable car charger) would be able to create flexibility with charging. however, thanks to your feedback, we have been putting a lot of time into finding a power adapter stretch goal. in order to shrink down the wall charger, we will need to push many resources into research and development, which can understandably take some time. with that being said, realistically, we will not be able to drop the size significantly in our current stage. however, we are working hard to solve this problem. as of right now, we are diligently talking to our manufacturers to find affordable ways to decrease the size of the power adapter, as well as add in functions. we are exploring the possibility of creating a multi-functional power supply for lumopack. we want to thank you for all your support, feedback, and concerns. we hope that we can retain your support as we look into finding a solution. please keep the comments coming. you guys have been so great in furthering the development of lumopack! best regards, team lyte‏
@lyte systems i'm excited for this product, i think you guys are on the right track.  i know you get a lot of these suggestions/questions from your backers, but i was wondering if the lumopack could be used to charge other devices than a phone, say a laptop. or even have the capacity to power a small appliance, ie a toaster.  i'm not going to cancel my pledge if i find that it can't, because i believe this will be a good product, but it is something i hope you consider/answer.  thanks!
where will the product be send from?  will it be eu friendly?
@creator  so what's the next steps? typically a new goal is made after a project meets theirs so quickly. i think the point about the size is incredibly valid and becoming more  of a deal breaker... additionally what plans for innovation do you guys have in mind, i think further stretch goals are a must for this device, other wise i agree with niranjan that i may need to cancel my pledge as well.
i also agree with marv. unless the battery size is around 10000 mha, no point in carrying such a huge charger around. i will have to cancel the pledge
dear creator, i agreed with @marv on the device's size. hope you smaller its size (and weight). stan
an atachment point for a loop would be good. maybe adapter can be changed to docking charging station to avoid all those wires. it will look better :)
congrats on reaching being funded! can't wait for my lumopack!
funded! congrats!
well, the charger dimensions are exactly what i had feared, at this size the charger is a huge brick and much larger than most current laptop chargers. it is also exactly twice as big as the macbook charger you want to compare it to. also twice as big as lumopack. imho, that huge size could explain why you avoid showing it. and that is even without the charger cables, so altogether taking lumopack + charger + charger cables with me is basically the same like carrying four separate lumopacks. this makes this basically un-portable. who would want to do that? money-wise, it is 3-4 times as expensive a similar-specced battery packs. the only everyday feature is the itself-fast-charging-capability, but to use that, i have to carry around a huge brick of a charger. an efficiency range of 15% (75-90) is big. arguing this would be dependent on the power meter is wrong. i hope you can provide some exact numbers before campaign end. i have also a couple questions/complaints regarding you comparison table mof vs. li-ion: you write a couple of numbers, but what are these supposed to represent, there are no units?! also, charging speed, x minutes/hours for 80%, but 80% of what? since this table seems to suggest a 2-3x increase in power density, what are the actual specs of the single cells in lumopack? don’t get me wrong i l really like the idea of a very fast charging battery pack. i do hope that your company will be successful because i do see huge potential, albeit for other applications. the more i think about, the more it feels for me that smartphone users are not the right target demographic for this. as mentioned before this technology makes much more sense for larger battery packs. for example a >20000mah battery pack with 9-24 v outputs to charge laptops etc. or  110v/220v output versions to be really independent of a power outlet. i hope that in the future you will look into these, as i think this tech could be a great success in the outdoor market or for frequent travellers.
is it too much juice for my iphone?
@creator..  lumopack can charge my samsung galaxy note 4 as fast as its original fast charger??[i can get charge more than 50% in 30 minutes with samsung galaxy note 4 original fast charger]
@missyourmark how bout you take your project somewhere else
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
can't wait to receive the product! best of luck!
hi i was wondering what is the voltage for the wall charger? i am hoping that it supports 240 volt also. i will love to see the wall charger reduce in size. if there is a way to make the battery smaller it will be cool too. is it possible to include a usb- c port to future proof the battery? if the battery can be charged by usb-c,  that will be cool. thanks
use lumo. i phone don't receive any damage? i think charge speed fast. so worried any damage
@niranjan there shouldn't be a problem with lumopack using the usb double charger! thanks!
@marv thanks for the quick response! -there is a good chance we can get our usb output to hit 2.5a, however the chances of adding another usb output is not as likely for lumopack.  however we have already begun discussing the possibilities with the manufacture to make both of this happen. -dimension of charger: as of right now, it is roughly 155*63*37 mm.  however, we have been going back and forth to find ways to decrease this size and been constantly looking at other options.  there's also a good chance we may have a reach goal to create r&d to redevelop the whole charger, making it smaller and also with added functions (besides just charging) -lumopacks usb output efficiency is, as mentioned earlier, about 75~90%.  to use a charge meter can fluctuate these numbers depending on the quality of the meter, length...etc.  from our understanding, most battery packs top off at 75-85% efficiency. -we are definitely looking into incorporating usb-c for charging.  by using mof in the battery, it will also allow it to sustain a high amp output, so a usb-c output and output to charge devices like computers...etc. is something we will want to include in our future versions. i hope this helps explain more, we will keep you guys updated with any developments with the manufacturer!
will this work with another kickstarter project the usd double charger??? thanks
thanks for the answers. my remarks regarding faster charging were only meant in the same way as the others regarding qualcomm quick charge et al.. good that you look into that. if not, any chance to make the usb output 2.4a (12 watts)? you should also seriously consider adding another usb output. regarding wall charger size, please state exact dimension and photos next to lumopack and a phone. "around the size of a laptop charger" is very vague. laptop chargers have a huge range in size. regarding efficiency, i want to know the efficiency of lumopack itself. to be more specific, when using a power meter at lumopack's usb output, what is the result after discharging a fully charged lumopack? on another note: what are your thoughts about using usb-c for charging it (up to 100 watts with powerdelivery profile 5) in a future version?
@backers we’ve had a lot of questions and recommendations about adding qualcomm quick charge into lumopack. we wanted to let you guys know that we are looking into it and will keep you guys updated. thank you guys for taking so much interest in lumopack’s development.
@andy bryant, we are looking into this.  will keep you guys updated!
@dan villosis, good question! our on-the-go case will fit 1 lumopack, 1 mini micro usb cable, 1 mini apple lightning cable, 1 micro usb wall charger, and 1 car charger.  however, it will not fit the wall charger. also, the case we chose is a fabric hard shell case, however we would love to hear your thoughts on preferences for cases. thanks for the question.
@vladimir our apologies for the confusion. i hope this will help clarify your concern: the input for lumopack is 14v @ 10a, while our output is 5v @ 2a.  to elaborate, in 6 minutes of charging, lumopack can store enough power to later give your iphone 6 a full charge. however, lumopack will charge your iphone, or other device, at the recommended speed set by your device to prevent any damage to the battery.
@marv thanks for the critique!  unfortunately we are unable to charge your devices any faster than the recommended settings of your devices.  any faster, and you risk damaging your battery cell (and cycle life). -6000 mah was a capacity that our team felt would be a good amount (with the added function of fast charging), considering the limitations of a bulk battery pack on the go. -comparing lumopack to battery packs at your price point (20$ for 5000mah), our added value is in our fast charging (140w compared to standard battery packs that charge at 5~10w), and our mof technology incorporated in our li-ion cell which offer a safer and longer lasting product (2-3x the cycle life of most standard battery packs). -currently our car charger is just a small socket with a 4 ft wire.  we will be sending a survey to backers after the campaign to reconsider the length. -our wall charger is around the size of a laptop charger.  imagine a macbook charger, offering 65~80w, our wall charger offers 140 w.  we understand the concerns with a large charger, but are limited to the current market for charges, which is why we added two other charging options.  we have found the best options that we can get our hands on in the market today, but we’re also looking toward an extended goal for the wall charger. -the efficiency of the output is about 75~90% depending on your device and your charging cord.
@juan jose galvez thanks for your support and recommendation! portable battery packs for computers and phone cases have been in consideration since the early beginnings of our start-up.  we currently do not have any concrete plans for future products yet, but it’s definitely something we will look into in the near future.
@don chen thank you for your recommendations! as mentioned in our conversation: -lumopack offers fast charging, which should reduce the need for a larger capacity since it’s easy to charge it fast at home or on the road.  however, we do understand that some battery pack owners need a larger capacity when away from charging options.   in regards to recommendations: -we have most definitely been considering options for an extended goal (larger capacity, multiple ports, usb type c, and others possibilities). please let us know if you have any other recommendations, we’re all ears!  we will post an update once we finalize any decisions.
@matthew cropley that’s a great question. if we succeed with this campaign, kickstarter will provide us the ability to send a survey to all the backers, which will include color choices for lumopack + kit backers.  in addition, as we discussed, i have noted your color choice. thank you for your support!
@saar hay i hope i was able to clarify your concerns in our messages. we would like to thank you for considering our project!  -our wall charger is larger than other standard battery packs because the charger needs to offer 140 watts of charging power, which isn’t possible from a standard micro usb charger.  this is why we offer two other charging options, a micro usb and car charger for your portable needs.   -lumopack can be charged at 140 watts, which is much faster than most standard battery packs which charge at 10 watts.  -regarding your recommendation on qualcomm quick charge 2.0: we are hard at work looking into that possibility. we will keep you updated as soon as we have news.  also, there’s no need to be sorry.  we are sorry for not being able to earn your support.   thanks saar!
fast charging of the battery pack - great... but what about qualcomm quick charge of the phone?  how about adding this as a stretch goal? https://www.qualcomm.com/products/snapdragon/quick-charge
vladimir kuksin, in 6 minutes the pack itself will have enough juice to fully charge an ip6. they didn't say anything about being able to charge the phone in 6 minutes with the pack.
will the kit fit in the case and is it a hard case?
you write: «charge lumopack at 140 watts for six minutes to store enough power to give your iphone 6 a full charge! » «input: 5v @ 2a (10 watts)» how is it possible for 6 minutes ??? to accelerate the need to increase the charging current !!! you can not it ! (5v @ 2a)  it's a lie !!!
a few ideas for stretch goals or the like: 1. usb type c connector (not sure how long until type c becomes really common but it's a thought) 2. integrate some form of quick charge (ex. qualcomm q charge) *** combined with the pass-through charging feature that the pack already has this would be golden. also, a question: how efficient is the lumopack? best of luck!
i like the idea of a fast-charging batgtery pack, but as others have noted the real problem is to charge our device itself faster. as a battery pack on the go the lumopack is not special at all. after all it has only one usb output, which is actually worse than most other battery packs. for providing just 6000mah ist seems big in size. it is also unfortunate that you do not support qualcomm's quick charge feature or oppo's flash charge. so for being on the go, this does not help without the proprietary separate charger. i for example have two 5000mah battery packs which cost me less than $20, so i can always leave one at home fully charged. i think this would be much better suited for bigger battery packs. i also have a few questions: - just how big is the wall charger and the car charger? - what is the efficiency of the charging circuit? how much of the 6000mah battery will i actually get out of the battery pack?
looks like a great idea. portable charging is a huge market and this looks promising. i'm excited to get mine and see how it improves my battery life when i'm out and about!
awesome to see this in action!  1-charge is always an issue when traveling with my mac. any future plans to develop a portable battery pack for laptops?  2-what about a battery-charged iphone case? i have a mophie and it's super useful but takes hours to charge, is heavy, and not very good looking. best of luck
interesting product! you have got the other half of the problem solved, the point of portable battery is to be able to charge your devices as you go, while you have solved the problem of the time needed to charge the battery, your capacity is still very moderate. i personally travel a lot, and having two smartphones and one tablet, i'm constantly charging my devices. so i have few recommendations: 1. is it possible to have a second version of lumopack that has at least 10,000mah~12,000mah? 2. will you be able to add another usb port for charging? as i see that you only have one usb port. 3. if dual usb option is possible, what option of dual charging feature will you use? 1a:1a or 2a:1a or 2a:2a? (the last one is stretching it... hahaha). maybe the above can be used as your stretchgoals?
thanks for the comments everyone! please shoot us as many comments, feedbacks, and questions! in regards to questions, please refer to the faqs at the bottom of the campaign page. if we don't have it answered, we will add it in as soon as possible. thank you for your patience! gordon teamlyte
is it possible to select the color of the one you want after selecting the 79$ one.?
i've just notice that in order to charge this battery pack in 30 minutes you need an humangos wall charger that looks like the xbox 360 wall charger... this think is totally not practical. just imagine the guy, in your video, who charge his battery pack, in the street, needing to carry that humangos 140w wall charger, in order to charge his pack.... i'm sorry, but i will not back you kickstarter campaign.
the charge time of the battery pack itself it not the problem, the problem with most of the battery packs is that it take a lot of time, compare to wall charging, to charge your phone. in order to for yu battery pack to be the best product, in it category, is to make it support the qualcomm quick charge  2.0; the only product that does that today is the aukey quick charge 2.0. i dont know how long it take to charge the pack itself to 100% but if that time isnt more than 5 hours it doesn't really matter. if you can my your product support quick charging  2.0 i will definitely be a full backer
this looks like an incredibly useful gadget. good luck!
just pre-ordered mine. can't wait to pair my gold limo pack with my gold macbook. good luck team!
glad to be on board. any chance of larger capacity pack?
good luck!
cool stuff! best of luck~
wow, this is awesome... i really hope this comes to fruition. best of luck!
very excited for this. good luck! :)
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
