great design job! i love the combination of fonts in the book even just on a page - the italic and small caps used together etc, to make an overall pleasing aesthetic. still, with what obama's been doing since in power, i wish you hadn't done such a good job :)
@eric the pdf has been available for many months now. you simply have to visit http://digital.designing-obama.com/ to download your pdf. thanks!
i never received my pdf!   i want a refund or immediate emailing of it!
thanks, scott!
scott and all the folks who helped make this project happen: thank-you. the book is awesome - worth the effort, worth the wait, worth supporting.  i am pleased to have been a part of the effort if only by cash...  it was interesting, and worth the money (to me) to have been able to listen in to the project and watch it work and not work.  the learning experience was worth the time and money.  my hat is off to you for putting this together on a fairly fly by the seat of the pants process.  i hope this project helps you in your future endeavours.  i hope it was interesting and fun too. i have showed the book to some of my friends and several say they intend to order it. i was somewhat choked to see the shipping charge (canadian rates are usually close to american in other order scenarios), but on feeling the weight of the book, and on reading your explanation of smoothing the shipping costs among all supporters, i was comfortable with the idea of pooling.  i don't need the extra $9.00 that much - cost of a couple of specialty cofffees or less than lunch... (canada true shipping cost $27.00 - i paid $36.00 like everyone else) having done mass shipping before, myself, i am cool with your not wanting the tremendous hassle of the shipping logistics and differential rates. for others' information - shipping costs explanation: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/simplescott/designing-obama/posts/14880 ---- to the folks that are complaining about some of the rough edges of the project or its managment: what exactly were you expecting when you signed up for the project?  a smooth and refined business model and execution? it is a start-up project.  it's going to have problems, hiccups, and changes (and cost over-runs).  any business start-up always does.  having been in a number of small tech start-ups... designing obama had fewer troubles than i expected, personally. ---- scott, et al: once again, thank-you for a great piece of work.  all the best in the future. ---- fyi (logistics): i pledged a long time ago - just figured out the shipping thing - paid shipping on the 26th or 27th of august, 2010 and got a confirmation on the 27th.  got a shipping confirmation on the 30th - in the mail. arrived here in regina, saskatchewan this morning (after the long weekend) on the 7th of september.  from the u.s. that is decent shipping time for a parcel.
does anyone from spain has paying problems on http://www.designing-obama.com/cart / shopify? i've paid the book on kickstarter, but is impossible to pay the shipping with any of my visa card! :(
hey scott, phillip clark here... the artist you forgot to put in the book. you know - getting listed in the artist contents was thoughtful of you. but forgetting to put my art in the book really sucked. then per our conversation you promised that you would make sure i was in the digital version and the second edition of the book. well i just went through the entire digital version... and guess what. you forgot to put me in that too. honestly i know that you're getting a lot of smoke blown up your ass for making such a great book. but from my perspective you totally suck.
also as a footnote there are other options than charging $5 for the ipad app. you could release it for free as 1 chapter and then in app either require $5 or a valid backer email and password to unlock the remaining chapters, i'm fairly sure there are tons of other options if you wanted to do this. lots of love, peace out.
scott in all fairness that wasn't made clear. thanks for the info. having said that, you made it quite clear at each step of the physical process, but the digital link was posted with no update or fanfare on this site. like others have said, i'm not real impressed that something i paid for and was looking forward to is now released freely after such a long wait. i do like the idea of an ipad app, but i'm not sure i want to sink another $5 into this project. thankyou for the pdf though, i look forward to reading it.
@joe like the book we spent quite a lot of time making the ipad app something special. we wanted to create a high resolution book experience that would allow users to really zoom in close on the imagery. we worked many long hours to develop the application and feel it's an experience people wouldn't mind paying a small amount for. it's way beyond the pdf or issu experience. thanks for the apology, we've all worked hard here to get this book into as hands and screens as possible.
@scott you're right, i too think it is important to share books with everyone and in this age of drm, it's important that they be shared openly. i overreacted a little and i apologize for my rant. the book is exquisite and i am proud to have helped make it possible. i do still wonder though, if you want to share the book freely, why not make the ipad app free as well.
@joe price all of you made this book happen. without the backers of this project no real book would ever exist. i believe books should be shared and free for everyone, but because there are only a limited number of physical copies digital distribution eliminates that need. i would like to give the ipad app to all backers but apple only allows 100 free give aways. it's all or nothin'. i made this book for everyone. thanks for helping me do it.
so let me get this straight. first i had to pay an extra $5 for shipping. now, i have to pay another $5 if i want the ipad app. meanwhile, the pdf copy i also paid to receive has been made freely available. why did i back this project at all? i should have just waited and gotten it free like the rest of the world. i can't understand why are you nickel and diming the people who made this book happen while rewarding those who sat on the sidelines.
guys, the link to download the pdf is screened back quite a bit, where you can barely see it, under the thumbnails. :d
paul it is up at http://digital.designing-obama.com/ there is a link to download the pdf.
not trying to be rude, but how about you release the pdf version you have already sold please? i am feeling fairly disappointed about supporting this at all. we have waited way too long on this scott.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
scott, where's our pdf version that was promised? the wait is getting a little ridiculous, some of us don't want to look at a fancy flash site, we just want a pdf.
how can i download that? i was expecting a pdf or something similar.
hi markuss, you can view the digital version here:  http://digital.designing-obama.com/ we are still waiting on the app store to approve the ipad version. scott
hei, what about digital version??
got the book! thank you, scott! it's wonderful!
thanks for the update...just a  quick note that some of us don't have ipads or iphones :)  do have a pretty android phone though.
i'm still working on it. i've ran into a few road blocks due to the file size. so i'm getting a bit closer. i also want to launch this with the ipad application. i'm close... i'll be updating everyone as a get everything lined up. we are also working to get the book on amazon for people wanting more books.
re: sarah, i asked him over three weeks ago and still have not gotten a reply either.
they don't seem to be posting replies about the digital version, i asked over two weeks ago.
any update on the electronic version?
the book is amazing.  fantastically well done!
i have no idea if i paid for shipping or put in my shipping information yet.  i think i did, but i do not remember.  how would i check?  or do you need to?
when do the electronic versions come out?
received my book yesterday... absolutely exquisite! thank you scott!
scott, your book arrived in dublin on june 22nd, i was away when it arrived, so i only got to sit with it on monday & tuesday of this week. congratulations on a fantastic publication, beautifully designed and extremely well written. well done to you and your team on a fantastic achievement. regards, marcus.
any update on when the digital version will become available since the hardback copies have now shipped? it seems to have gone quiet on this front.
i'm in northern california and haven't received my book yet either. is it possible that it's s till making it's way out here since most of the books have shipped 3 weeks ago?
hi! i'm still patiently waiting for my book to arrive. i'm in ca, any ideas when it should be arriving?
it's a long time ago since i pledged here (somewhere in september 2009). after waiting, waiting and waiting it took me some extra unexpected costs to get my book shipped to belgium but... today i received my copy and it's amazing! thomas, you did a great job! this was probably a long and sweaty road for you and your team but you guys did it! thanks and greetings from belgium.
phillip clarke says below: "i'm having trouble finding my art in the book. i see my name listed on the artists index page... but can't find my art... ?" same goes for me... can you let me know which page you guys gave me? thanks!!!!
this work pays homage to bookbiding techniques of long ago. beautiful, detailed workmanship. here is just some of the careful thought processes used... heavy, glossy archival paper stock. rounded, sewen binding. glued endpapers that add to the overall beauty. cloth binding that belies the relatively low cost of publishing such a work. i have leather books that are not as well thought through.  my guess is that with reasonable care, this work will be around at least 300 years. bravo scott & company!
i just receive a copy of the book :-) the book looks fantastic. it worth while to wait so many months. a 5 star book. congratulations!
hey scott, can you let me know which page you guys gave me? i'm having trouble finding my art in the book. i see my name listed on the artists index page... but can't find my art... ? thanks!!
@brent you can purchase the book at http://www.designingobama.com/
i just joined kickstarter and would love to purchase a book.  is that possible now?
i rec'd my copy yesterday. nicely done, scott. it's a work of art.
my copy arrived today.  looks fantastic!
ah i forgot: where can i get the digital version?
yey!  mine arrived today (btw very safely packaged - great condition)!  very nice one scott! congrats from me!
just received mine and was tickled pink to see my name in print!  hopefully, this book will serve as a booster to progressives that the 2008 election is our dream and one which we must continually work at to nurture and support.
@eric give it a try again. thank you.
love the book! tried to send an errata and found the title-page email address errata@thepostpress.com "failed permanently". um. as to the errata: pg 99 should say "debut on october 12, 2007" i presume?
did any of the books ship yet?
pbla creative llc, i am/was on a similar situation. scott, tomorrow is my last day on my job which was my shipping address. i need to update the shipping address. how can we do that?
hello scott, is there any chance i can get the book at my place before june 1st? i am heading out of the country for a while and i would love to have the book before them is it possible? thanks so much! best,
thanks for the update scott!! we are all psyked about the book and appreciate the hard work. i've designed books before and know that it is no easy task. i thought the $5 shipping was totally fair and am really looking forward to it! thank you.
it would be really great to get an update on this project and to know when we can expect our books. thanks!!
please refund my purchase.
any updates here?
.......
any updates on this?
hi! i am very glad to hear about progress. but still this whole thing started in october at the same time with my dissertation and i pledged money as i hoped to use images in it. is there any chance to do it? my deadline is on april 30th....do you have respect to your backers that believed in you? for me this book is reaaly important for my masters diploma.  i mean that i don't see any problem in providing access for digital version, that is obviously can be available since period when you started printing.  it is just 10$ but still i gave you this money in exchange for dig version and not for updates. hope you will find some time to answer
hi, from chile! how you will can send me the book that i reserved? please, i hope you can show me the way thanks and congratulations!
what is the status of the digital version of the book? when do you expect to make that available?
hi scott, delays caused by the production process is understandable, but what can you tell us about the access to the digital version? it seems that there's no specific date settled for the shipping, so, wouldn't be nice of you to release the access a little earlier? don't take me wrong, but the whole thing is starting to look a little awkward - specially when the shipping link let the backers down when they try to use it. hope to hear from you. best regards, tks.
any idea when i'll receive my copy? is there a place where i ordered on designing-obama.com that i can get an update? anything?
thanks scott, appreciate all your hard work!
thanks for the update, scott. it's nice to hear that the book is nearing completion. can we wait a little longer... yes we can!
any chance of an update?  please don't ignore the 1312 people who trusted you.
is there anyone there? starting to wonder if i should 'change' my mind.
i think it's time to alert the president about this stunning lack of progress/updates.
need some kind of update, please. thank you.
so, is anything going to happen or do we all have to sue someone?
what is up with this book? no updates here since 11/18. nothing on twitter since 12/30. is everything still on track?
what's up with the international shipping info?? any updates?
the empty space on my shelf for this book is getting lonely.  update us?
update?
can we get some updates about... anything?  what are you having for lunch?
and what about digital version? i participated only to get some extra information for my dissertation and now i am not sure that i will see this book before i defense it.
the shipping link has never worked for me :(
oh, goodie! i decided to check the progress since i didn't receive any emails lately or rss feeds... i'm not a twitter. thanks for the heads up john!
they are posting updates about the book on their twitter account, last update was dec 30/09 http://twitter.com/designingobama
we are getting closer to february and no signs of a resolution to the shipping issue two months ago. how's production of the book going?
how is the international shipping stuff going on? it's been month already with no new news :-(
excellent work
so is there any update on the shipping process?
how do we receive our digital copies of the book?
can someone address the url problem below?
this url doesn't seem to be working: * http://www.designing-obama.com/products/shipping
congratulations from moscow!) unfortunately i have problems with amazon payments even having absolutely working card..what can u advise?
scott, will the book just have creative examples of the obama campaign or will to have any text related to the strategies you followed for the whole campaign? i'm talking about all the stuff you mentioned on the 99 percent conferences with the behance group ( http://doo.ly/769d ) thanks :-)
early next week preorder sales will continue at <a href="http://www.designing-obama.com">designing-obama.com</a>;.
very disappointed i missed the pledge and really would love a copy of this great book, hope they sell them else where!!!
great job scott! im one of the contributing artist, do we get a complimentary book once printed? cant wait to see it!!!!!
hi scott, congratulations on the effort. being from brazil, can i expect my copy around the first weeks of 2010? and the access to the digital version? thanks.
congratulations scott, can't wait for our copies to get to the aq offices in edogawabashi. would you deliver them in person?! ;-)
congratulations from mexico. i worked a campaig in mexico with movie stars and artist, asking mexicans to call their relatives in nevada, colorado and virginia and asked them to vote. our campaing was (si se puede usa = yes you can usa) with the obama logo as a phone (top was the original logo and the bottom was the logo in green in stead of blue (green, white and red = mexican flag)... congratulations and i am happy to be part of this effort
awesome news. congratulations on getting funded and looking forward to the book being printed. ヾ(＾∇＾)
@john & @ben thanks gents!
well done for $80k and japanese cloth :d
congrats scott and crew! very excited about receiving the book! a great idea to showcase great design! cheers from australia! ben.
@kopp book tour... yeeeesh. so tired of traveling. you want to spear head that operation roll with it.
way to go, scott! now we'll have to start mobilizing for the book tour!
@juan the digital version will be available the day after we ship, which we are "fingers-crossed" around the first of the year. cheers!
congratulations scott and all the crew that made it possible (including the 1046 backers till now...) by the way, when will we have access to the digital version and the additional content? i'm really looking forward to it. cheers
congratulations!!
colaboratividade. muito bom. :)
so glad this has made it! warm up the press!
what a difference 24 hours can make. congrats scott. i'm sure the book will be beautiful and brilliant!
yay!!!   so excited that you reached your goal, and i'm can't wait to get my copy!!! keep those updates coming, and congrats again!
scott, thank you for the update today. would you consider sending another one a couple of days before the deadline? i have already pledged, but would consider giving a bit more to help put this over the top, if needed.
yes!
7 days and $1330 to go. early congrats scott!
just 7 days to go.... come on! we can do it! (alison, richard - i confirm that. i had no problem with international payments)
@richard fahey amazon does support international payments! they accept american express, diners club, discover, jcb, mastercard, eurocard, visa, visa check cards, amazon.com gift certificates, payment directly from your bank account, and checks, money orders, or cashier's checks denominated in u.s. dollars and drawn on a u.s. bank
just 9 days to go.... come on! we can do it! cheers from barcelona, spain
really wish amazon would support international payments so others can participate in this :(
hi scott. just found out about your book and immediately put down a pledge of $150. i was the creative director at mccain for the last five months of the campaign and i look forward to the book. i have great respect and admiration for your - and everyone's - work regardless of the outcome. best wishes... rob
hey scott, i just made a pledge for the book. does the $50 include postage? does it include postage to australia? *crosses fingers*
thanks so much, greg! we expect the book to be out around the first of the year!
hey scott & team - looks like things are going well for this project.  congrats!  i'm curious - about how long after the goal is met can we can anticipate the books shipping?
looking forward to reading it.
love the idea, and the design book.  should be a collector's item, just for the art. good luck, scott.
sorry, i know this not the place, but...obama's nobel prize????? wtf!!!! is he ending all the wars usa have around? jesus!!! i know you americans don't decide this, its a bunch of people who doesn't know what tha f*** is happening around the world. and i know, i live in argentina and travel around the world and i see the suffer, the poverty in 90 % of the planet. and "first" world, g-8, bla bla bla are doing nothing.
cool project, good luck with it!
this made my day.
i am glad to support your project, scott.
always hoped a book like this would happen.  is there anyway that the initial run could be numbered, signed, or imprinted with indication of first run status?  can't wait to see the final product.
hi scott, congratulations for coming up with this brilliant concept of funding “designing obama” i like the way it feels like we’re all participating in the project. can’t wait to see the result.  wishing you all the best, theba, hackney
will there be steroscopic glasses included?
is this really not going to be printed if the $65k target isn't meant? would be such a shame to miss out on this book.
i'm psyched about this project!
have learned a lot from you guys. thanks. me@jellyhelm.com
ah i just saw the update. okay. so shipping costs to europe will be charged on top of the 50$. okay.
i am a designer from germany and i want to pledge the 50$-version. is there any shipping-cost if i order it from germany? or is everything fine if i use the amazon-creditcard-payment? nice project btw! passed it on in my twitter and to my friends …
will those who pledge $50+ also get access to the digital version as well? thanks!
@matt ipcar: shhhhhh... that's a secret. ; )
@colin after the initial $65,000 is reached we will be determining the method for selling the book to retailers, and independent book stores, though we will likely remain out of the large book retailers that place all the risk on publishers and create waste with buy back programs.
will you be producing a pink fur lined edition?
love this project.  can't wait to see it fully funded! good luck.  also, i'm seeing if anyone would be interested in backing this project that i'm doing too: http://bit.ly/q7ysu. :)
amazon payments was a breeze. i've had a number of problems with paypal in the past - thank god i don't have to deal with them again. will you be selling the book on amazon or in stores as well as via kickstarter?
would it be possible to design a smaller badge for placing it on the web site? good luck with the project! i'm sure you'll surpass the funding expectations.
@kai that is an awesome video. horrible. but awesome.
hi scott - just pledged $50 to the project - really look forward to seeing it and know a bunch of people that will be interested in it - so will pass on. if you get the chance, have a look at dictionary story on this site - would be interested to see what you think. great work !
after watching this http://www.youtube.com/watch… i really think i should get my hands on this book and enjoy everything obama as long as it lasts ;-) good luck from australia...
@eric were you able to get it figured out. sorry for the problem.
@alex good question.. "will the book be published earlier if you reach the goal before november 5th? is it ready to go to press or will it just be completed by november 5th?"  the answer is no, we will ride out the fundraising process and earn as much as we can above and beyond the goal, which will allow us to make the best book possible. the book is scheduled to go to press on november 5th.
no problem with amazon payments here. thanks for the great talk yesterday! too bad we didn't have a chance to talk during dinner :)
anyone outside the us can pledge with major credit cards through amazon.  if you're having problems, get in touch so we can figure it out.
looking forward to the book. best of luck!
will the book be published earlier if you reach the goal before november 5th? is it ready to go to press or will it just be completed by november 5th?
i just had all sorts of trouble with the amazon payments for designing obama. please, please add paypal support, or direct credit cards support. dependency on amazon payments may be a show-stopper for some.
we do ship worldwide, but as of today kickstarter only supports payment through amazon. hope you will support our project! let us know if you have any questions.
no paypal and woldwide shipping ?
