@jeffrey - our apologies if there's been some misunderstanding! we checked with the support team and confirmed they're currently working with you to find where the error happened and resolve any issues. we look forward to resolving this as efficiently as possible. thanks!
getting a run around from customer service so i'm filing a complaint with the usps.  i don't have time for games.
@jeffrey - thank you for completing the backerkit survey! sorry to see there's a problem with your order. if you haven't already, please email support@pebblebee.com and include a picture of everything you received. they'll be able to look into your order further and resolve any issues.
very shady. i received an envelope today that said there were 5 in there. i only received 3. also for future projects these are kinda bulky for a key ring.
@michel - thanks for the feedback. the app should be working well for users and we'd love to learn more about the behavior you're seeing. please reach out to support@pebblebee.com and include which app you're using and any problems you've run into. thanks!
all in all, very bad software. it is erratic and very unituitive. it seems to work when it wants.
@tuomas - all orders shipped in november and the tracking number in the shipping notification is the best way to check on your order. you can also contact our support team at support@pebblebee.com for more help.
i haven't received my order... while i got shipping notification already back in november.
@daniel - please email our support team at support@pebblebee.com and they'll be happy to troubleshoot with you.
hi my keyfinders keep draining batteries what can i do
@gorm - please double-check that you have completed the backerkit survey that was sent in november. our support team can also look into your order if you email them directly at support@pebblebee.com.
haven't received my order yet.
@kaybee - please email our support team at support@pebblebee.com and they'll be happy to troubleshoot with you. @stuart - that's much higher than it should be. if you haven't recently, please try restarting your phone. @lam - that message usually occurs if you do not have network connection. if you see it after confirming that you do have network connection, please email support@pebblebee.com for more assistance.
hi creator, i have problem with adding my new pebblebee on ios, "cloud error" message appeared when i was try to name the new pebblebee.
hi, has anyone had problems with power usage?  i use ip7+ & power usage for the app has suddenly gone up to 66-70% & depletes the fully charged battery within 6-7hrs.
i ordered the three pack add on and got it before christmas (which was awesome!), wrapped the single one i originally choose for my funding "reward" and gave it to my son for christmas. the problem was that it doesn't do anything..... i ended up giving him a different one instead but now i have one that just does nothing.
@pavan - our support team received your email request and will respond within the day with more information.
hello pebblebee, i am still unable to tack my order  and shipping (11/16/2016) tacking still shows  transit only and not able to track it. can you please help me in finding the order and help me to track in my customs with reference number or any number to track it through online. or else just return my amount back so that i will be happy as my money is not wasted.
the keychain loop hole is so small it's a pain. you have to use a skinny little ring or anything thicker won't turn properly. also i can never find my phone, ever from the keychain. the phone will sometimes find my keys though, but you have to walk around pressing the button repeatedly.
power usage off the app running 24/7 is 8% over 24h on my iphone 6s.
haven't got a problem with the range, but the battery usage of the pebble bee app on my iphone 7 is worrying as it's draining the power so much compared to my other apps. does anyone else have this problem?
@creator i would hazard to guess what is causing the two finders i have not to work over 6 feet away is due to a poor product design. but prepared to give you one last chance have emailed the support team. let's see what they can do.
i echo the comments from my below - pebblebee trackers with the android app is a useless item. as my granddaughter said - at least they look nice. in my opinion, the new a app is severly flawed and works on some android devices but not on others. in addition compared to tracker apps from other makers has very poor ui and lacks features. i am finding the tracker range to be about 15 feet - a disappointing small amount. i have also found the product to easily fall apart if dropped even about 3 feet to the floor. i also find the customer support effort to be extremely weak, slow, out of date to modern concepts, flawed instructions containing mistakes and lacking in experienced talent. as such and in conclusion, i will not be using the four trackers that i have. anothers costly lesson on why not to back these kind of crowd funding projects. so very disappointed in pebblebee's management unwillingness to "step up" and address the limitations to their product and  weakk - lacking support effort.
this product is a waste of money.   i dropped one of my finders by about 3 feet and it no longer rings.  i've always had only about 5 feet of range,using both an iphone 7 and a galaxy s5.  i installed the new android app and after re-adding both finders,same crapp. it would cost more to ship these back than what i paid for them.  lesson learned.
@andrew - the finder does have a long range of up to 200 feet, which is exactly why our support team would like to learn more about the low range you're seeing and what might be causing it. there are a few possible explanations, and our support team can help more over email than is possible through kickstarter comments. @frank - thank you for sharing feedback. if you haven't contacted our support team since updating to the new app, we hope you will.
after numerous contacts with your helpdesk, my device still isnt working properly i agree wihj all the others here that your product is hugely flawed. the range of less than 6 feet is frankly useless. if it is working at all..... and way below the promised up to 200 feet. the sad truth is that the product and the android app simply don't live up to the promises.
@creator will contact support but frankly not sure why if there is a solution you can post it here? the fact of the matter is that the product is hugely flawed. the range of less than 6 feet is frankly useless. and way below the promised up to 200 feet. as have said before, if i'd bought from amazon i'd have had the option for a full refund as it is i believed in helping you develop a product. the sad truth is that the product and the android app simply don't live up to the promises.
@andrew - that's disappointing to hear your experience with the new app hasn't been great yet! we hope you'll contact our support team so they can learn more and resolve any issues.
@andrew j fry - i fully agree with your comments and feel exactly the same. so disappointed and no hope for a more positive outcome.
@peeblebee have downloaded the new finder app and was prepared to give it a chance but it's still next to useless. it's true that you have managed to double the range of the finder but that's only from less than 3 feet to just under 6 feet. hardly what i would call long range. it still doesn't narrow it down to being in the same room to more bring at the other end of the sofa. not really what i expected when i signed up to supporting this project. i had envisioned that it would at least be able to find missing keys / phone in the same house. (and it's not that i have a mansion or anything just your typical suburban two up two down terrace). frankly this is nought more than a (very expensive) key chain ornament. so bitterly disappointed. if this was the retail world my consumer rights would allow me to return for a full refund as the product and app are simply not fit for purpose. and i'd be leaving reviews on the consumer website to say do not buy this product alas it's too late you have my cash and i have a piece of junk.
@pavan - please email support@pebblebee.com so they can look into your order more and provide more information! @thomas - our support team can resolve this quickly. please email support@pebblebee.com and include the email address(es) used on the old and new app. thanks! @ho swee - if you’ve logged in using the same email address used on the old app, you should see your finder. if you still don’t see it, please email support@pebblebee.com and include the email address(es) used on the old and new app.
i deleted the old android app and installed the new app. now it says my device is already claimed. how do i clear it off so i can re-pair it with the new app?
i've unclaimed the device in pebblebee hive. still, claiming it on the newly released pebblebee finder app says the device is already claimed.
dear pebblebee you dispatched the item long ago but still i didn't receive the item can you please help me to track my courier item of pebble. i am so eager to use your item.
@angelo - the new android app launched yesterday evening! you can find it by searching “pebblebee finder” in the google play store. @paola - we shipped all orders in november and you should have received a shipping notification email at that time. please reach out to our support at support@pebblebee.com and they can look into your order more. @phil - the uk has a different approval process that we’re currently working through. it’s currently available in the us, but will be available in the uk soon! @john - our support team would love to learn more about the problem, including what type of phone you’re using. please reach out at support@pebblebee.com so we can learn more. @jose - we appreciate the feedback. to change the name, tap on the settings gear for that finder; the first option there is to edit the name. for all other troubleshooting, our support is happy to help as always.
the new android app is not ready for release !!! using a zenfon 2 with android 5 - the new pebblebee app is a failure of performance. to start with the account login is very unfriendly and the ui is complex and confusing. i still don't understand how to change name of devices. have three devices found / registered. but when try to find / ring device app says buzzing  but devices don't make any sound. also on one of the 3 devices the app says out of range but it is less than 1 meter from phone. i have sent an email using the app email function. successful companies use a technique called beta testing before they release to the world !!!! i am so very disappointed with the hardware and software. .
i'm using the new app. it's connected to the finder but it still is very hit and miss as to whether or not you can get the finder to ring. and it only seems to work when i am right next to it. so it's pretty useless.
hi pebblebee. is the alexa skill just for the us as i cannot locate it on the uk alexa app.  thanks. phil
hola! alguna información sobre mi envío?? yo aún no he recibido nada, sigo esperando atenta saludos paola
so when will the new android app be available?
@andreea - the finder itself will not alarm unless you tap "find" in the app. if your phone is sounding an alert without you pressing the finder's button, you may have the left behind alert turned on. turning that off should resolve the issue it sounds like you're having. if it doesn't, please reach out to our support team (support@pebblebee.com) and they can help in more depth.
ok, i'm a bit slow finding solutions and i don't know how to make it stop beeping anytime it wants.  don't know what i'm doing wrong and have had to turn them off so they don't drive me crazy.  this may be a really dumb question but can i leave them off and turn on if i lose keys?
@david - we appreciate the suggestion! we do hope to add a low battery notification into the app so that users are able to replace the battery before it dies, rather than waiting until it has full died.
hi guys i'm pretty happy with my pebblebee. unfortunately when i went to find my keys a couple of weeks ago i couldn't and the reason was because my battery i think it died i need yet to replace it but the problem was was i wasn't notified that my battery had died.  i would like as a feature request to get an alert/notification when my phone hasn't been able to talk to my pebblebee for two days. thanks
@ming - thank you for the feedback! please keep an eye out for the new android finder app that will be launching shortly. it'll replace the temporary app and will match the current ios experience. we will also continue to improve the finder app and hope to add sharing in a later update.
i have just received the pebblebee today and find that the android app performs much worse than ios counterpart.  as a test, i have the two pebblebee finders on the kitchen table downstairs on the main floor next to each other, one pebblebee is associated with ipad air 2 (latest ios 10.2.1), while the other to sony xperia x3 tablet compact (running android 6.0.1) and taken those tablets upstairs.  the pb associated with the ipad rings right away, while i cannot get sony to work. also, as a tile user (in which the battery is about to run out), there is one feature i miss - i cannot share my pb profile with another person.  the tile app allows me to share my tile to my wife's account and vise versa, so that i can ring her tile with my phone.  i would like to see that feature being added to pebblebee in the feature.  (this tile feature can be found under:  https://support.thetileapp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205332837-how-do-i-share-my-tile-)
@andrew - our support team continues to respond to all customer inquiries and we appreciate your patience. if final app testing goes well, the new android app will launch within two weeks or less!
obviously you've given up on customer support - at the moment i have two expensive useless key rings. oh how i wished i never backed this scam
but how long is "soon"? meanwhile i have a pair of totally useless key rings.
@marc - thank for taking the time to share some feedback!  @andrew - we're just as eager to launch the android app as you all are to receive it, and it's getting close! we've been doing extensive internal testing on the app and are looking forward to releasing it soon.
@peeblebee you asked that give you you another go when you launch the new android app 0 when will that be(e)? seems to be dragging on and on. frankly patience running very thin.
i have three pebblebee finders since a month and a half now. i'm super satisfied and it really works great as promised. no app needs to be started or running in background. within 10 seconds the phone responds. my keys even respond faster. really no complaints at all.  i think it is also needed that people that are satisfied also give  their comments here.
@shane - it sounds like you might have confused the initial color survey with the final backerkit one. we looked up your backerkit survey and it has not been answered, so your order has not been processed yet. our support team will respond to the email you submitted with the direct link to your survey. thanks!
i am based in perth, western australia
i still have not received my trackers! i filled in the survey re: colour choice and you have my correct postal details. you stated in november '16 that you shipped to all who had done/supplied this but mine are not here... i need someone to contact me please. shane
@rebekah and @bart - we hope you'll reach out to our support team at support@pebblebee.com so they can help resolve any issues!
my two pebblebees don't work unless 1) the app is open, 2) the phone is unlocked.  therefore, it never works.  i wasted my money.  i can't leave my phone unlocked.  sometimes the app gets closed when i have to shut down the phone.
sorry but the quality of the product is not good. mine is broke since yesterday.. i am dissapointed in pebblebee finder
@samuel - our support team has already responded to your other emailed request and can provide more information, thanks!
dear sir,  my status shown item was collected but till date i have not received anything.  please help to check. regards, sam
@j - thanks for the feedback! in case you missed it in updates, the app you’re currently using is the temporary one, not the new android app, and most of the app items you mentioned will not be the same in the new app. for example, the new app (and the current ios one) has a map that expands full screen. the app should only show the “find” option. we pushed a minor update to the temporary app after wayne and a few others noted the 2 options to make sure only the one appears. @ricardo - if you haven’t already, please email our support team at support@pebblebee.com so they can look up your order and answer any questions.
donde esta mi recompensa...?
** multiple comments due to some issues with me posting my comment in full, anyone have this issue? - ks is looking into this.
... i'm yet to test distance/range on all of my finders. length of alarm time would be great if adjustable, as cbb said. as wayne coyne said on december 11 about the 2 options he got, should there be 2 or just a find option?
.. maybe a plastic bit covering the battery (from connecting - which can be pulled out) to avoid draining of it in transit would have help low battery level found in some people's finders when received.
... cons - * cant seem to turn off alarm in the app, its been said that this can only be done via the finder,  this needs to be added to the app asap. * the map size is too small, can it be made bigger and/or adjustable in settings? - to make use of bigger screen sized phones. * i also believe that the app is using/draining phone battery in excess, as a few have said. some have stated low or flat battery on finder and/or fast draining of it, i will test mine.
* claim 1 bee/1 stone, after a few gos.
....* alarm seems loud enough.
.. * when location is set on (app says this also), it found the correct location on the map.
..pros; * they look great, but as many have said, kind a heavy. * packing is great, matches the good looking finders, but a single pack should have been done, so a bad point in that regard.
but so far - on my samsung alpha (5.0.2).
i've had my pebblebee's (and the stone) for 4 or so weeks (aust), but only started playing with 1 a few days ago and will need more time testing the others (ranges/reliability/app features/map/battery/connection).
test
@gorm - if you have any questions about your order, our support team can help!
thank you, crestor, for your response. the map shows inaccurate location usually 50 to 100 meters away from the exact location. so i only use the beeping to find it. (it already helped me several times! ) i am using the ios app. that's why.
denmark, has not arrived yet
denmark, has not arrived yet
denmark, has not arrived yet
denmark, has not arrived yet
denmark, has not arrived yet
denmark, has not arrived yet
@giorgio - glad to see it's arrived!  @michinori - with the combination of the map and the find button, you should have all the tools needed to locate your finder, but we're always looking for ways to improve the app and are open to suggestions. thanks for sharing!
could you improve the accuracy of locating function? perhaps by the bluetooth signal intensity like in the case of pebblebee honey?
just arrived in italy! it's amazing! thanks guys :)
@peter - yes, that’s one of the areas the new android app will improve performance. @andrea - many orders to italy have seen longer delays than normal, but it is still on its way. a couple italian customers have just this week seen the tracking information update. if nothing changes in the next week or so, please contact our support for more help!
hi, i have not received my pebblebees, i'm in italy and the last tracking update is from november 25th with this comment:  your item arrived at our usps facility in washington, dc 20066 on november 25, 2016 at 3:51 am. the item is currently in transit to the destination. what is happening whit shippings to italy?
crowd gps doesn't stay active on android phone. is the update supposed to fix that?
@kirstie - it’s always great to hear about the finder helping customers locate items; thanks for sharing!  @andrew - sorry if there’s any confusion about the android app! the new android app has not launched yet. we’re continuing to run testing on it and hope to launch it soon. we hope you’ll give the finders another chance once the new app is available for use.  @jose - the new app will be available soon, and our expert support team is happy to continue troubleshooting with you. with the holiday rush over, response times have returned to their normal levels.  @paula - the finder should not easily come apart and we’d like to learn more about the problems you’ve seen. please contact our support team at support@pebblebee.com so we can make sure you have units that work well!
thank you for this beautiful piece of crap! you just lied to your customers, shame on you!
i am really disappointed with my finders. two of them have drained batteries already. one of them had the middle fall out twice, even though after the first time i made sure it was secure as it fell out in front of me. the second time i didn't notice straight away but now it doesn't work at all.  when i did try to find the another one with a flat battery it said location 3 weeks ago. it's not a great finder when the batteries drain quick without any knowledge and you only discover they have when you want to find them. not a happy customer !!
yes, the trackers don't work, the temporary android app is awful, no hope in sight for the new android app,  slow response on the email driven support technique and  level of quality / capability of the customer service folks is low and amateurish. what a formula for unhappy backers / losing potential future business ! .
tried again with this but cannot belief just how poor it is. really cannot get to work more than six feet away without going out of range. and android app just drains battery life. i wish i could return for full refund.
incidentally my definition of long range is different to yours. i call <2m (just to be clear here sub 200cm) extremely close range.
i backed two finders as christmas gifts - just come to install and set up the android app on our samsung galaxy 6/6 edge phones and frankly am bitterly disappointed. yes the finder works if it is less than two metres apart. anymore than that and nothing. so a fantastic product to search down the back of the sofa, but useless if further than that away. so wanted this to work. but frankly will be going back in the box and in a drawer along with all the other useless crowdfunded products i've bought that didn't live up to promises and expectations. lessons learnt buy once product has been developed and tested in the real world and peer reviewed. btw the android app is a major battery killer taking over 40 % of my fully charged battery in the 30 mins i experimented with the finder range. if this was an amazon purchase i'd have been sending them back for a full refund.
just wanted to let you know my primary keys were missing for over a month. thankfully, i had a pebblebee attached to them. i told my ipad app to locate my keys, and i followed the sound to my keys, to a jacket i wore once, and hung in the closet. i would not have found those keys without pebblebee!!! thanks!!!
@matteo - the app should be showing your finder's location. please make sure your location services are enabled for the app, and reach out to our support team if it does not update.  @steven - thanks for the feedback! please let us know if the new battery dies quickly.
product works great, looks great.  the ring it comes with is too small, which is annoying, but it is easily replaced.  my battery died in under a month, which was also disappointing, but the new one seems to be doing just fine.  replacement was easy.  all around, a pretty good product.
product works great, looks great too! thank you one question tho, so far the iphone app works only partially as it never shows on the map the location of the buzzer. is that going to be fixed with a new version of the app? is just mine?
@kirk - if you emailed our support team over the new years holiday weekend, they're working quickly to catch up on emails. with both the christmas and new years holiday out of the way now, response times will significantly improve.
i have sent in details of my issues to your support email.  haven't heard back from there either.  i just saw below that the oneplus will not work?  does this include the 2 & 3?    can't see them if i am over 5 feet away.  my support email detailed  all 4 phones and 8 finders and 1 stone.  it is not like i don't want it to work, but fairly decent order and it takes a long time to hear from anyone.
@michael - we’re in the testing phase of the new android app and hope to have it available very soon! @pat - yes, the finder’s battery is replaceable, although we recommend only opening the back when it’s time to replace the battery. our support site (www.pebblebee.com/support) has an article with the official steps for replacing the battery. as a note, the finder should not easily come apart, and if your finder does easily split apart, please contact support. finally, the battery should not die quickly, and if it does, we recommend contacting support also, rather than replacing the battery.
@creator if my earlier comment is wrong in anyway please feel free to correct any mistakes in the information i provided
okay so i ran quite a few of comments and saw some that i might be able to  one is about the back keep popping off  make sure it's pressed closed all the way around there multiple little taps all around  on the inside  they should click in to place   and a another one is about dropping and putting  back together  did you make sure the battery is facing the correct way  the writing on the the battery is to be  facing you  and if for some reason you have doa (dead on arrival) or dies after x amount of time  then replace battery it's a cr 2032 to replace  is pretty easy if you are very careful  with it  up by the ring  there's a little gap using the proper tools (tool kit from ifixit.com)  pry the piece with the logo off  again  again take extra care with this piece because from what looks is its the the whole circuit and speaker bluetooth and battery holder in one  and then with the battery facing you with the flat part of the enclosure (part where the key sits on) gently push the old battery from right to left   and to insert a new battery is in the same direction right to left  any ways these are just my findings on the finder  after  i had drop it and it popped open  and the battery fell  and couldn't find  so i figured out what needed to be  and if atempt to any of the above   do so at your risk not 100% if it voids any warranty  if it doesn't and you can swap batteries then this company is already ahead of tile another bluetooth key tracker  because when that one batteries die you have to buy a new  for $25us dollars  when you get new battery for $2...
update on the andoid app status would be nice!!!!
i have a oneplusone phone. the app didnt work at all. support told me to send it back for refund because finder wont work with my phone...pretty frustrating...and bad beta testing. in addition i had to pay postage again...now hoping to get my money back...
@pebblebee i have sent an email to support requesting a refund.
@kirk - our support team has been responding to all emails that come in, and we’ll continue to respond to any questions posted here in the comments. for any issues that require troubleshooting, emailing our support team at support@pebblebee.com is the best option though, as troubleshooting through comments is often confusing or not efficient. @massimiliano - all orders have been shipped to backers who responded to the backerkit survey. please make sure you completed the survey, and reach out to our support team if you still have not received your order. @shane, @ihsan, @fabio, @john, and @giorgio, - please reach out to support@pebblebee.com (if you haven't already) so they can provide you with more shipping information! with the christmas holiday break and new years holiday break, the team is working hard to respond to all emails, and your patience is appreciated.
i'm in the same situation of fabio terlizzi and massimiliano rutigliano. i think that in italy nobody received the finder. why? like fabio, i wrote to support@pebblebee.com twice and so far no reply.
i haven't received mine either, 45 days after the shipment left. no response to email. question for those who haven't got theirs either - presumably you got a tracking number? what does that tracking show? did it even arrive in your country?
still not received my reward. i wrote to support@pebblebee.com twice: first reply suggested to check with my post office (of course they know nothing), second mail... still waiting for a reply/solution.
finder doesen't work at all. nothing find nor search. cr*p. szmelc.
i received mine (i'm in sydney, australia) a few weeks ago, and i love it! i want to buy more
any update on shipping details?
says all shipped- it is three days off a month later and mine have not arrived. i filled the survey the day it was sent out. can i please get shipping details and a reply? thanks
not yet received my pebblebee finders. i'm an early founder. what can i do?
what happened to the pebblebee team?  no answers to backers questions and issues since dec 22nd?  looks like they took their forum offline also.  is anyone hearing from them?  still have issues that haven't been addressed.
the worst object i've never bought on internet. it doe sent work! yesterday he told me the my keys where at home but where with me at 30 km from my house! not only!! there are more things not working.
our bluutooth continues to work, but i do notice that after clicking on the pebblebee most of the time the phones won't ring. @kirk: i experience the same. only after waiting half a minute next to the phone, it seems the pebblebee gets some notice from the phone. maybe this is because of the android beta app, but i doubt that. btw the left alone alarm doesn't ring on any situation. i did not test that in a range of more than 15 meters indoor. maybe that is a sign that there is still a connection, even when we cannot see it? i am in contact with the creator for a pebblebee without sound. (have to ship that one back, but that's more difficult than i thought, because it must be in a sturdy envelop and how about duties etc.)
hello please advise status of the android app? the current app on the play store does not work at all. after installing on either my zenfon2 with android 5 or my nexus 9 with android 7.1.1 my devices bluetooth just stops working for all my bluetooth devices. your app will not connect with pebblebee devices. what else to say?? this is not a good situation for your companies reputation !!! mike johnson .
i have 8 finders and none have any range.  not on ios iphone 6's or on android 6 on one plus 2 and 3.  app installed with no issues and was easy to claim them.  once you walk away more than 5 feet, it does a single bar in the app but will not send alerts or able to find them.  this also goes for the stone.  i bought fully into the hype and gave them to my family for xmas.  out of 4 of us no one can get any distance away and get them to work.
@richard - the left behind alert shouldn't be going off frequently. can you please email our support team (support@pebblebee.com) and let them know what type of phone you're using and a description of the problem? thank you!
hi my two items arrived but i am getting annoyed at the left behind alarm going off when my phone & finder are in my pockets or the same close proximity. is there a fix please advise?
@shannon - it sounds like you might be experiencing two different issues. please email our support team at support@pebblebee.com and they'll get you up and running again!
i dropped my keys. everything on my pebblebee went flying. now nothing works and it says to contact support.  please help?
@pablo and @akira - a compatibility issue was introduced in the last ios update and it requires a fresh install for some customers depending on the operating system. as mark figured out, deleting and reinstalling the app should resolve that problem. after reinstalling and logging in, if you do not see your finder(s), do not try to re-add them. they are still claimed to your account, but may take a little while to be retrieved from the database. @mark - thank you for the help! @cbb - you should be able to update now.  the problem is not affecting all users, and for those it has, reinstalling the app has resolved the problem. @damian - we appreciate the feedback. the recent update to the android app was not the brand new app, and that app is still on the way! once that app is released, if you still see problems, please reach out to our support team. @vu - if you haven’t already, we highly recommend contacting our support team so they can work with you to get the finders working as intended. @arco - you’re right, that’s certainly not normal! if you haven’t already, please email our support team at support@pebblebee.com for more help. @pavan - international orders can be difficult to predict when they will arrive because we have no control over how long an item remains in customs. if you don’t receive your package soon, we recommend checking with your local post office or customs.
@mark if it's not too much hassle, can you please let us know when it's safe to update? :)
i got mail on 12th nov 2016 that's product has dispatched
hello this is pavan from india i got mail showing product has dispatched more than 15days back but still i couldn't track the product so please help me to find the location of my pebblebee finder
i received my 5 pebblebees. they look great, but after a few days i have two which only flash their light when they are being hailed by the android app. i guess  that's not normal. it seems the sound doesn't work anymore. they haven't tought any liquid, just were in my (and my daughter's) pocket almost all the time. they are different colours too, so not the same batch, i guess. so, two out of 5 with no sound! that's rather strange? how can i let you resolve this?
thank you !!! @mark
these things can happen to anyone - i've broken (and fixed) enough software in my time! at least this problem only caused temporary inconvenience - unlike a bricked watch (apple) or a mobile firelighter (samsung). :)
wow thank you mark. so no version 3.3 for now. my pebblebees are working perfectly and i'd like to keep it that way
pebblebee servers are behaving again - for now. if you hit the "unknown application" error, do the following: 1. delete the pebblebee app. 2. re-download the app from the app store. 3. start the app and enter your email address. you must use the same email address you used before, otherwise you won't be able to use your finder(s). 4. enter the verification code. 5. if you don't see your finders, wait 10 minutes, then repeat all steps above. don't try to re-add your finders - this won't work. this got mine back working, after the second attempt.
***** ios users - i strongly suggest you do not update your pebblebee app. ***** if you do, you may lose access to your finder(s). at the moment, the only way to fix things is to completely delete the app and start again - and even that isn't working properly right now. pebblebee have acknowledged the bug. whether they can fix it without updating the app, or get an app update in before apple's christmas shut-down, remains to be seen.
@pablo me too !
i cant log in (iphone app). it says "unknown application". i was very happy with my finders before this issue
really disappointed . really bad product.  i shouldn't have ordered 3 pcs.  even i put it beside my phone ,  it is not connected.  all 3.
deja vu. another successful campaign from a team you can trust.
i thought the update would allow my finders to work. the phone still has to be 3 inchs from the devices. changed batteries. doesn't even ring every time. arrrrgh...very frustrating and a waste of my money backing the kickstarter. running a nexus 6p, i even reset the phone thinking something else might be interefering with the bluetooth. i love the design, just the functionality isn't there. i think i might have to ask for a refund if we can't get this fixed.
@all backers - our support team is happy to help any backers who reach out to them (support@pebblebee.com). our ultimate goal is that users have a great experience with the finder, and we're eager to troubleshoot and get finders working as they should be.   @jose - the team is working hard to get the app production-ready. we hope to release it before the new year, pending extensive successful testing.
i am finding that all of my five devices "snap apart" very easily. i am sure they will not withstand any drop to a hard surface. not good ! not happy ! .
just installed the android app update that just arrived. no good !! all my other bluetooth devices stopped working. my pebblebee devices would not ring. un installed pebblebee app and my bluetooth devices started working again. not happy !
was walking my dog and dropped my key with the pebblebee on it.   unit broke apart and i put it back together.   it no longer works properly.   it does ring the phone,  but the pebblebee no longer rings.   it still flashes.   thus making it useless.   not happy  .
what is status of new android app is it one week, three weeks next year or 2018?
i got a battery sent after i couldn't get the product to work - now it works! i really like it! thank you for the great service.
i want to be refund !!!!! poor product. it doesnt work
very inconsistent using the android app.   i find that when the phone is out of range,  the pebblebees don't always auto sync again.   this makes the whole process hit and miss.   never sure if keychain will find the phone,  and vice versa.
poor, very poor !!!!   i bought 5 of them. easy to connect with android, when you push on "find" it just show you that your device is somewhere in united kingdom .... i know if i lose my key it will be in uk because i live in uk....   waist of money
i received my 5 pebblebees last friday. connecting was easy but a lot of problems on android and samsung. they lose connection even when phone and pebble are supe near. sometimes the find function works, but mostly it doesn't.
@gary - if the finder isn’t beeping when you press the button, there’s a couple different things it could be. please email support@pebblebee.com and they can provide troubleshooting steps. thanks! @robby, @wayne, and @scali - as mentioned in a couple of the updates, the current android app is temporary and is not the final app. despite testing the temporary app before releasing it, we have seen reports from a handful of android users regarding features not working. we’re looking into them, but are also placing the bulk of our resources into getting the new app ready for release. if you haven’t already, you can reach out to our support team for more info; response time is currently between 24-72 hours, and they are responding to every request they receive.  @wayne - it sounds like you’re referencing directions for the honey, not the finder, since holding the button on the finder will not turn it on/off. we don’t recommend pulling the battery out as a troubleshooting step and our support team would be happy to work with you if that problem comes up again.
my pebbelebee doesn't work at all with android - no finder function, no geo location - just a nice looking keychain with beep sound. try to contact the support several times - no solution at all...pretty frustrating :(
@cbb thanks! that's a great solution.
should there be an o-ring to seal the battery cover? also, came across my first fault. all three of my pebblebee finders are sitting on my kitchen table, and one of them could not be "found". showed up as the "map" icon in my list. tried many things, like attempting to turn it off/on - but the instructions are somewhat incorrect. holding the button in for 5 secs only ever results in two beeps being heard, always.  it seems like it is incapable of being turned off (three beeps). tried unclaiming it from the phone, in the hope it would be able to find it again, and re-claim it, but that didn't work. eventually, pulled the battery out, let it sit for a while, then re-inserted and re-claimed (and that's why i ask about the o-ring). interesting to note that while i had the initial trouble of trying to find the finder in the first place, the android app showed me the two buttons for "beep" and "flash" on the uncontactable device, but a big "find" button for the other two. personally, i'd rather have the two buttons instead of the single "find" button, as the noise it makes could be a bit obtrusive.
i recive my 3 work fine but the 3 battery are not full maybe i ts the android application please work on it because it was horrible
i have one pebblebee that doesn't work.  are there some steps to get it working?  contact number?  thanks
@usman here is how i've connected pebblebee to my wallet https://www.icloud.com/sharedalbum/#b0f5on9t3ggutho a credit card sized option would be perfect.
@caroline - yes, like cbb mentioned, you can log in to the same account on your phone. keep in mind that if you're looking at it long distance, you'll see the last known location but wouldn't be able to beep it.  @pat - we checked with support and confirmed that it was shipped. they'll respond to your latest email with the tracking number for it. @all backers - thank you for the continued feedback!
hi. just want to tell you that i also have problems using the find button on my samsung galaxy s6 edge on android 6. can't wait to get the new app version. kind regards tobias
just received mine and working well - thanks !
@cbb: how do you fit these things in a wallet? as beautiful and substantial as the finders are, i wish there was a slimmer version too for wallets or to stick onto things.
my three arrived in the mail sometime during the week. work perfectly. as far as i am concerned, extremely happy with the results. hoping that sometime down the track, i can log in to the android phone app without an internet connection and find my pebblebees.  i think i remember seeing something about it in the faq's.
@aroon. have you received yours? if you have, what is the issue? mine are working almost flawlessly
extremely disappointed. this is my first crowd funding and will never do it again.
@caroline yep. just log in to the same account in your app
@creator hello i tried contacting  support they said they will replace my dead finder with 2 days   but it's been a week and i havent heard anything from them....
is it possible to link same tracker to more than one phone? bought one for my mom and wondered if she lost her keys if i could check from my phone long distance.
@cbb - yes, a stainless steel wallet like that could definitely affect the range of the finder.
had fun yesterday getting the kids to hide my keys and wallet then using my phone to try and find them. worked every time. managed to get 32 metres distance out of my keys. wallet pebblebee doesn't seem to have the same distance. my wallet is mostly comprised of rfid-proof stainless steel (trayvax axis wallet) could this be affecting the range? i will swap the pebblebees on my wallet and keys and see whether it is a different in pebblebee or interference from my wallet
@daniel - have you confirmed that you’re logged in to the same account on her phone that the finder is claimed in? if so, please contact support@pebblebee.com because her phone is compatible and it should be working for her. thanks! @tae kyu lee - with some international orders, usps provides limited tracking once it has left the us (usually from san francisco). it’s difficult to estimate when it’ll arrive since we have no control over how long it takes to get through customs, but it looks like it’s still on its way. @donny - if you haven’t already, can you please reach out to our support team? the app should not be crashing and we’d like to look into it. when you email, please include what type of phone and which os version you’re using. @josef and @johann - we’ve confirmed that both of your orders were shipped and confirmation emails sent. if you reach out to support, they can give you the tracking numbers again, thanks! @peter - glad you like the look of the finder! you probably already know what we’re about to say but… if you haven’t already, can you please contact our support team regarding the silent finder? thank you! @doreen - the locking mechanism on the finder is very snug and it shouldn’t pop open easily. it’s possible that your finder arrived not fully snapped together, in which case it shouldn’t come apart again now that you’ve put it back together. please let us know if it comes apart again!
hi i've used mine to help locate my dog and it works ok.  however, last weekend i found the back and battery on the garden path.  i've put it back together and it still works but was a little worried that the back can come off that easily after only a few weeks.  i've had to put sellotape around it to prevent loosing it again.  i had a pebblebee honey previously and the same thing happened to that -only i didn't realise the insides where missing till a few months ago.    is it supposed to be more robust that that?  thanks
hi, i've just received my finders and they look awesome. the android app needs work but that we knew already. i seem however to have an issue with at least 1 of the devices. it fell silent after just a few minutes of activity. thinking that probably the battery was faulty, i replaced it. sadly the same happened. the device went silent after just a few minutes.
hello i replied to the backer survey long time ago (i still have the confirmation email that was sent on november 3rd) but i have not received any shipping confirmation email . can you double check as i doubt you have shipped them all...
have you shipped them all cause i aint received it.. what shall i do ?
i opened the box and gasped.  these finders are beautiful.  artful. pebblebee app keeps crashing despite. y attempts to resolve. restart phone delete app/re-install clear bluetooth / stop and restart. other fracker apps find my finders, but pebblebee app just exits shortly after launch. :) i squeezed the loose back on one of the finders and it snapped back in place - must have come loose in shipment. it gave a startling chirp. nice and loud.
range is very short!! couldnt get it at the next room
i was very happy to see the improvements made to the finders from the initial batch and am very pleased with the quality. only wish the 3 i purchased came in their own individual packaging as i intended to give them as gifts. kind of hard to do that with only one box.
i didn't get the pebblelbee yet. usps tracking has been stop since nov. 24th in san francisco. when can get the product? i've been waiting for a long time. t.t from south korea.
@creator. i sent two emails in regards to my  pebblebee along with a picture.
received my finders @germany. many thanks, they are great!
hi guys! my finders finally arrived to spain!! yujuuuu. they are great but i have a problem. my finder works great and it's amazing but my wife's finder don't shows up in the app of her phone. her phone is a nexus 5 with android 6.0.1 and bluetooth 4.0. her finder works in my phone. what can i do?? is her phone compatible? please, i need help asap! thanks a lot in advance.
i received both of my finders, one for my wife and one for me. setup is simple. they looks nice and works pretty good. range is shorter then i expected.
@all backers - we’re happy to continue answering questions here on comments (which of course is helpful for other backers checking the comments). that said, many of the concerns coming up need additional troubleshooting to resolve, and we highly recommend contacting our support team directly at support@pebblebee.com for the best help. response time is between 24-48 hours currently; thank you for your patience! @aaron - yes! the finders are available for retail sale on our website at www.pebblebee.com/finders. @jen - can you please email our support team? the finder should not come apart easily and we’d like to learn more and find a solution.  @marcus - was there a problem with your order? please email us with more information so we can look into it. @dennis - thanks for all the great feedback! it sounds like you placed multiple orders and have more devices on the way, but if you’re worried that an order was shorted, please let us know. @cbb - thank you for the suggestions; we’re looking forward to adding to the app over time. a couple of the find phone alarm options are longer; test them out and see if there’s one that works better for you! @kekscast - can you please email our support team and let them know what notification is disappearing?  @rung-ta lin - glad to see one is working well, although it should be both! your finder should not be burning through battery; please contact our support team.  @phil - feel free to reach out to our support team if you continue to experience problems with ifttt.
hi. received my 2 finders and 1 stone. had to pay £11.42 customs charge (of which £8 was post office admin fee!) which was for vat finders are good quality and appear to work. cannot get the stone to work with ifttt and philips hue but will keep trying. also notice stone does not always pick up single press. overall happy :)
i received  two of my three finders four days ago, the battery of one of two finders was dead at the same time, the other works fine. then i replaced the battery with a new one, cr2032, but it ran down for one day, the only thing i did was just test it for 2 min ( connect to app and click button ) . now i have tried with a new battery twice, but the results are the same. so far, only one works. so disappointed ;(
hey everyone, really liking my pebblebee finder so far. but i have one issue: i have a oneplus 3 (stock oxygen os) and have the finder on my car keys. naturally, the keys are not always within the phone's bt reach. i find that it disconnects from the phone quite often, so that the notification also dissappears. this leads to the finder essentially being useless, since it doesn't auto-reconnect. can anyone help me with this, please?
received my pebblebees in australia today. i have tested three of my four finders and they work perfectly. set up is very simple. iphone 7 plus with latest app update. a few suggestions for improvement: -range is definitely not 30-60 metres but is good enough that i'm satisfied. -we should be able to stop the pebblebee alarm from the app, currently you can only stop the alarm by pressing the button on the pebblebee -when using the pebblebee to find my phone, the alarm plays for a short amount of time. it would be a nice touch if this length of time were adjustable -siri integration would be amazing. "hey siri, find my keys" thank you for a good bluetooth tracker. i backed stonetether in the past and this turned out to be a scam. i will likely purchase more :)
got the 2 that i ordered. hardware looks ok, have not tested thoroughly yet.  android app is horrible.
i received by finders yesterday. i use ios 10 on my iphone. make sure pebblebee app not the pebble app i had trouble with the security code being recognized but on the the third attempt it was recognized. the setup of the finders was intuitive. so far so good. i did order 5 finders in my original order with kickstarter, then 3 more after funding was complete. i believe i also ordered 4 stones but only received 3. i will try to set up the stones later and give an update. so far the finders work well, i will try them with some distance tomorrow. the gps works great so far. not sure why all the negative comments, at least from ios 10 the set up was complete. just make sure you use the pebblebee app not the pebble app. happy holidays
i get 3. there are only add 2 finders.
i have received my 2pcs. thks
i'm so sad. i've been using my pebblebee for a week and just got home to find my pebblebee part is gone. tried to locate and must have lost it during my daily errands. i'm thinking this is a design flaw that needs to be addressed.
i received both of mine and they work perfectly. i couldn't be happier with the product �. will pebblebee finder be available for retail soon as i have had many questions from friends who are interested?
i have received my parcel after having to pay £12.56 custom charges - surely this should be included in the shipping and handling. this has lost points because of this. anyone else having to pay extra charges to get yours
i have received my 3 pcs. that was very funny that the app (android) only recognized 2 pcs that were in box and put far away while the one i was holding in my hand close to phone was not able to be found. only after i restarted the phone, then it recognized all pcs, but everytime i tried it recognizes differently, sometimes only 1, sometimes 2 pcs, even none. the app is really not stable and not ready to use. pls update your app asap.
@nick - if you haven’t already, please contact support@pebblebee.com for further troubleshooting. @norman - there’s no signal strength indicator currently for a couple of reasons, the main reason being that they’re often unreliable or misleading, since it’s based on signal strength and doesn’t provide directionality. that said, we’re looking at ways we might be able to include some sort of indicator in a future app update.  @mark - the issue causing the cloud error was temporary and you shouldn't receive that message again. please let us know if you do! @jose - sorry jose, we weren't ignoring the question we just missed it in the midst of responding to everything else. our team is working overtime to get the android app ready for launch, and we do not have an estimate we feel comfortable giving at this time. as soon as more testing has been completed and we have a launch estimate, we'll let everyone know.
got mine but ios app cannot find it
got mine yesterday. my wife and i are deaf and is disappointed that the ios app does not show signal strength to find the lost things such as keys. with tile app, it shows if it is close to me or is far away. for hearing users, they can use ears to find them. what about deaf users? please, add some kind of bluetooth signal indicator (i.e. full solid circular vs thin solid circular or something) so we can find it easier. thanks!
60 meters in open area only  , but does not work while room doors are shut and has walls .
just tested the range 60 meters 200ft, it works amazingly both ways finder and smart smart phone , loud and can hear the beeb and tune in phone . thank you guys
got mine , tried one works find . tried to hide it on sofa and place it on 10m range woken fine
"cloud error. please contact support' that wasn't the start i was expecting. guess that's what i'll have to do. :(
got mine in canada great product. one day i'll figure out how to replace the battery.
respectfully, i have asked 3 times now about the schedule of the new android app?? so far, no answer! i will wait for any more troubleshooting until i have that new app installed. for now, my lovely devices are resting nicely in their wonderful box. good luck to all backers - i don't plan to lose a minutes sleep for now over this app. you all should be " sleepless in seattle" .
@jose - we absolutely agree that providing faq, common questions, and user manuals are a great way to make sure customers can do their own troubleshooting, and it is our intention to build those resources. however, these are brand new products that have only been in the hands of users for a few days. that means that the problems that are coming up are issues we have not seen in our testing, and are not yet easily categorizable. we are depending on users like you to reach out and troubleshoot with us, so we can develop common troubleshooting steps. we hope this clarifies! @rung-ta - our support team will be able to look up your order and resolve any issues. please reach out to them if you haven’t already.  @alexander - we haven’t seen high battery drain on android phones. can you email support and let them know what type of android phone you’re using?
just got my finders. first off they're beautiful. paired one to my 7 plus effortlessly. way to go! thank you for redeeming my faith in kickstarter. my only criticism or suggestion would be to package them individually to make it easier to give them out as gifts.
receved in japan. thanks:)
in general it is a nice item, but the android app is terrible and which even worse the finder drain my smartphone battery super fast. anything i can do against this?
just received my pebblebee finder,  there are only two in the box... oh my god ,it should be three...where is my silver one???
respectfully, i am getting quite tired with these we would love to help you, contact support messages. (see yours below) you have a support site https://pebblebee.desk.com woth numerous selections: faq, user manuals, blog, forum me filling out a form is wasteful , sis am 1000% sure that my questions are also the questions of other users. you folks on the other hand are taking the easy way out and putting all the work on us. why not prepare a few how to and faq documents and post for all to find when we need to find. also,  a list of known problems and fixes would be useful. a few short simple videos would be useful as well. quick and easy to film an post  - you have a youtube site. i will now put my finders back.in their nice box and wait !!! please do your job and support your backers. we are smart enough to read ! when is the new android app being released? ..
@jose - our support team would love to troubleshoot with you to get your finders working. if you haven’t yet, please contact them at support@pebblebee.com. there’s also a contact form on the support site: https://pebblebee.desk.com/ @et k - thank you for reaching out to support! @cheng and @marco - please contact support@pebblebee.com so we can troubleshoot. kickstarter’s comment system does not make it easy to troubleshoot through comments. include what type of phone and which os you’re using, and they’ll respond within 48 hours at the most! @pakkanan - battery life should be close to a year, so if you see any drastic battery drop, please contact our support team. the finder uses a cr2032 battery, and we’ll be adding tips for replacing the battery to our support site in the near future. @jessie - we offered big discounts for add-ons on backerkit, which were exclusive prices for backers, but we don’t have any discounts right now. keep an eye on our website throughout december though, because we’ll likely offer a holiday promotion or two! @peter - if you’ve reached out to our support team, they’ll get back to you as soon as possible! they’re responding to requests in the order in which they come in, and it’s currently about a 36 hour response time.
i keep looking but finding no online info. i have ben here https://pebblebee.desk.com but nothing on android version of the stone app suggest you post something on your blog and / faq please, losing confidence fast .
@pebblebee i am dissatisfied and would like a full refund. please contact me immediately.
i have achieved minimum setup with (this awful) app but not able to get app to riga the finders or blink them is there any written or video instructions on how to set up and use app? please post link. i have one finder that can not be found (setup was ok) i too worry about battery life as my indicators already showing less than 90% also find weight much heavier than expected afraid to hang around cats neck  - that would be cruel. they are lovely devices, but i am afraid they are not for me when will new app be ready?
i received my pebblebee finder and it is awesome.  i love the rose gold color.  upon opening the package i could immediately tell that the quality was awesome.  i don't have a huge house, but i tested it throughout my home and it worked flawlessly.  i could hear it from the other side of the house with no problems.  i even stuck it under my couch and it was easily loud enough for me to hear.  excellent execution.  i will definitely be purchasing a few more :)  do you have any discount codes or anything for backers?
hi just received two finders today. they look gorgeous, but slightly too heavy than i expected. not sure if i can hang it around my little cat's collar without getting in her way. the batteries don't seem to live that long as claimed because it has already showed only half battery life. hope they won't die in a possible crucial time.  if i want to replace a battery, what should i look for in a shop?
just arrived in spain, unable to pair it with my nexus 5x, disappointed so far ;(
device package arrived in latvia, eu, europe today nov 30 --  sent nov 18 -- 12 days not bad. this means the best shipping method / class was used. thank you. delivered to my door - no pick up required - very rare !!  no customs duty, also. packaging box looks great and does not come apart when opened -excellent. device product quality is lovely. but device is much too heavy. the app is simply awful !!!!! written by aliens with a dis like foe average humans !! ugggggg - i refuse to try this app again!!!!! wake me up when the new app  is loaded. until then, nano nano !
received in london with thanks - look forward to setting up and testing later
the device isnt connecting to my phone.
pebblebee...................yes i have checked and rechecked spam filter.....also emailed the support  team twice....no answer................... i am at a lost . i will try the support team again on your web page.. please help thank you i
@all backers - we appreciate everyone’s patience as our support team works through emails as quickly as possible! with the long thanksgiving holiday and product launch, response time is a little longer than we’d like, but we’re working hard to get and keep it under 48 hours. @peter - we’d be happy to troubleshoot with you to get your finders working as they should. if you haven’t already, please email support@pebblebee.com and include what type of phone you’re using. @eduardo - it looks like our support team did respond yesterday. if you still don’t see a response, please let us know! @et k - have you reached out to our support team? it’s much easier for us to troubleshoot over email than in the comments. that said, please double-check that the activation code did not go to your spam folder.  @john - with this information, it’s hard to determine if these issues are app related or device related. would you mind emailing support@pebblebee.com so we can ask some follow up questions and better answer your question?
received two finders. look gorgeous. one tested so far, works fine.  similar but slightly shorter range vs recent honey when flat on table at least, probably due to metal band blocking antenna.  button much easier to use than honey. bought mostly in hopes of longer battery life, otherwise happy with my honey. of course, i can't speak to that yet.
received 2 pebblebees today. the app seems unreliable, it perhaps triggers the pebblebee to sound maybe 1 time in 5. and i've only managed to get it to ring when it's within 6 feet or so. android 7.1 google pixel. will the new app address issues such as this?
received pebbles bee,,,,,,,,,,,,,,downloaded app...........sent my email address in and no reply with my activation code.........try several times and six hours later still no email reply with code........... please help
hi i've sent email twice but i haven't got any answer yet. please answer me. i follow all the instructions but when i push the button, nothing happen.
i have received pebblebee today. thanks. will test and report if any problem found.
hi pebblebee, i just received my two pebblebee finders today. i first had a problem that the app on my phone would not claim/recognize my two finders. then i managed to install it on my tablet, and the finders showed up on my phone, but still wouldn't connect to them (from the phone). and now after signalling the finders and the phone, i find that that range of the finders is nowhere near good enough to what i expected it to be. it's not even 50 feet in line of sight (i measured). nowhere even close to the 200 feet promised. i'm very dissatisfied with the product and would like to return both finders for a full refund (as per the 30 day money back guarantee promised on your website). please let me know how i should proceed.
@all backers - thank you for your patience over our thanksgiving holiday weekend! our support team is working through emails as quickly as possible and we’re eager to resolve any problems. @pat, @tuan, @roy, @kaleb, @jacques, @eduardo, @derek - please contact support@pebblebee.com so we can troubleshoot with you! none of these are expected problems and we’d like to learn more so we can resolve any issues. when you email, please include what type of phone you’re using and a detailed description of the problem. @doreen - yes, the app can be used on multiple phones. since the finder gets claimed to a single account, to access it on another phone you would log in to the same account. @jake - both the android and ios apps already include the option to change the tone for the find phone feature! it’s under the settings menu on both apps.  @kristofer - when we ship the finders, we mark the declared value based on the raw parts, not how much it actually cost us to produce them. this is so that all of our international backers do not have to pay high import taxes on their rewards. if you have any questions about this, please let us know!
the netherlands received two finders today. very happy with them work perfect! don't forget to enter your full name in the app or you will get a "cloud error".
did anyone click on the 'view the details of your order...' link?? each finder has an associated cost of $7.00?? is that $7.00 to ship each piece (expensive!!!) or each piece cost $7.00 and the balance was profit to the creator?
i received mine, but within a day the hardware popped out of the case and was lost. i get the benefit of changing the battery, but if the cost is losing it, then you guys need to go back to the drawing board.
pressing does not necessarily gives the impact  it requires as does the tapping.
@cbb well on andriod only one app shows up also i went to their link provided  pebblebee.com/download @michinori when pressed theres no beep or any kind of sound so mine is doa
@ccb yes i am using the new pebblebee app and not pebble dragon
are you all definitely using the new app, not the old one? two pebblebee apps show in the app store when you search
i have the same problem as jacques rosanes
as instructed, you just have to tap it with your finger, then it will give a beep sound.
@jacques i have the very same problem i still waiting for a reply  from creators
hi pebblebee, i received mine today. after downloading the app and trying to link them, nothing happens. i cannot press down on the pebblebee, it seems like there is no click. i've applied light, hard and very hard pressure and nothing happens, the app doesn't recognize it and there is no "click sound". it feels like pressing down on a flat surface. did i get a defect item?
hello everybody! i got my pebblebee in the mail today, and i'm impressed. as far as i can tell, everything that was promised has been. i paired the device to my phone seamlessly, i can find the device through my phone and my phone through the device. i have yet to test the range, but i have a feeling it will be good enough for what i'll need. a couple things though, unless the lighting is just right, i can't really see the bee logo on the front of the device. also, i hope in the promised software patches we get the ability to set the tone to which our phone/tablet buzzes to when we tap our device. remember fellow backers, this is not always a straightforward process and it's certainly not just buying a product from a store like amazon. we are helping to create a new product. not a brand new cutting edge life changing new gizmo this time, but helping to make something nonetheless. i hope all of you have found the same level of fulfillment that i have from this campaign. @creator nice work!
got them, but the app continually crashes upon opening. is there any plan to update the ios app so that it works?
i've received it. i love it. thank you!
i've received it. i love it. thank you!
tuan to use the camera feature you have to have the pebble stone
update:  i had to click on the bee 3 times for the app to discover it.  use the bee to find the phone but there's no way to turn off the sound, only by the bee.  if the app is not open, you will get a notification message popped up for a moment and you have to stop buzzer by clicking few times from the bee.  by the way if location is not turned on you won't get the update location where the lost was found.  the app doesn't tell you to enable it.
i'm trying to claim my pebblebee but what ever i try it is not connecting to my phone. i switch out the battery and still it won't work, what else can i do to get it working?
just got my three pebblebees.  i tried one and it works ok. the app needs some improvements.  it's as thick as iphone 4s and is a little bit on a heavy side for keychain.  the sound is loud enough to hear from far away.  the app has camera option but have no idea what you have to do with the bee.  you can stop sounding from the bee but not from the app.
just just just came in and package was nice  app feels like needs improvemnts  but my main complaint and its a big one my pebble finder  was doa (dead on arrival) it dont work whats so ever not happy with this   pros feels very heavy duty  looks nice the pebble stone works again very limited on the features it can used for as for finder please replace it or refund thank you
for those who have received. please feel free to post reviews/videos for us still waiting to watch
ignore last message, trying to pair it to the wrong pebblebee app
received it but it will not show up in the app, currently unclaimed devices are 0, advice please?
can the app and device be loaded to more than one phone?
one pebblebee arrived safe and sound in denmark.
my question is answered. usps received the package and it left seattle on 23rd. usps tracking works great. you can create an auto update email message as the package moves.
question ???  i received my notice of shipment on 19 november with my usps tracking number. but usps tracking site says they have not yet received package from shipper. usps says only received "notice of shipment" electronically. when do you actually hand the package envelopes to usps? .
@pusit - we emailed you your survey link again; please let us know if you did not get it! @pat - the stone is a smart shortcut button that allows you to do things like send a predetermined text message, or control music on your phone. it doesn't have a speaker and is not intended as a tracker, but it does have a map feature to show the last known location. @erwin - we understand how this could be viewed negatively. we decided to offer a limited time lower price exclusively for kickstarter backers as a special thank you for all the support we've received despite the delays. ultimately, we wanted to make these prices available to anyone, regardless of their original pledge. our support team at support@pebblebee.com is always happy to answer any additional questions you might have.
although i'm happy my pebblebee order is on it way i feel disappointed. backing up for 3 and paying $75 but if i back uped for 2 i could get 3 for $60! this is not how you deal with backers!!! this looks closer to scam and misleading the ones who backed you up in the beginning. when i get a $15 refund??? like steven already said: my sincere expectation is being more disappointed as i already are.......
@pat: no i'm not a beta tester, i may have been an alpha pawn though. i was a backer of the original pebblebee and that did not go well. it looks like the second campaign is going the same way. i just hope for you and the other backers that this third campaign goes well.
@steven im assuming you were a beta tester? what was wrong with it? and @creator  i noticed i had two items i forgot what one was  one says peppblebee finder gunmetal  whi i asume is the finder because it clearly  says it in the name  and pb stone onxy which doesn't say finder and its has a different price?  i know i placed the order for both i just forgot what the stone onxy is it too a finder but why the difference in price? again  forgot why...
don't get your hopes up backers, prepare to be disappointed.
i just got an email from pebblebee team about my tracking number!!!!! one for me and the other one for my brother. can't wait to use it!
i did not get my survey, please sent it to me.
@gerald - no worries! you may also have been looking at the "shipping processing" label which refers to the preparation step before a label has been printed, and is not the same as "shipped."
and should have waited 2 more minutes before posting that last one... thanks for the update!
hhmm, backerkit shows its been shipped, but i never got email with tracking details...
it's on backerkit and yes i got an email with tracking number
@annie how do you know? get an email? tracking info?
mine has started shipping :)
@norman - sorry for any misunderstanding norman! these are special prices for our loyal backers to pick up additional finders, and we wanted to make these prices available to anyone, regardless of their original pledge. our support team at support@pebblebee.com is always happy to answer any additional questions you might have.
well, i backed 5 for $120 which is $24 each. so, with that 3 for $60, i should be getting 6 for $120. can you adjust this pledge? thanks.
@joy - buying 3 has always been a better deal than ordering 2, but you're right that we've decided to offer a limited time lower price exclusively for kickstarter backers. it's a special thank you for all the support we've received and an opportunity to pick up a few more finders as holiday gifts! these prices are only available now and will not available when we launch.
oh no!  buying 3 now at $60 cost less than the early bird of 2 for $54...  leaves a really bad after taste for early supporters wonder whether prices will drop even further?
@omar, @ju june, and @rzakwani - we're publishing an update today and are just waiting on a few pictures to include from our team members currently traveling in china. everything is still on track for the november delivery we've been estimating for awhile now, and the update will have more news. thank you for your patience!
well, i just wanted to "report" that as a backer of your new tracker i am this past month a proud owner of a quantity of nine (9) chipolo devices. https://chipolo.net/ four of the older model (replacable batteries) and five of the brand new model (twice as loud) so far very happy with their performance even though the tracking distance is not as specified. but i expect that the pebblebee devices distance will not be either - its just the issues / limitations with bluetooth. but what is impressive with chipolo is their level of customer support! wow, engaging online agents 24 hours a day who are sincerely interested in results and their product. they are most knowledgeable, helpful and followup as promised - quickly! i am expecting this same level of support from pebblebee !!! please consider an online chat function with good agents. does not have to be 24 hours but should be 7 days. waiting for your product to ship.
hi there, i m backer #570.. when you gona ship the item and is there any survey to be done ?
come on guys. an everyday update would be normal.
not receiving the product till now is unacceptable.
@angelo and @pai - we're still on track for a november delivery, and once we have an exact delivery date, we'll let everyone know. we'll also be posting another update soon with news from the production line.
this is almost end of october. nothing is coming
this was originally supposed to be september delivery.   i realize a delay is the reality.   any updates?   when in november do you expect to ship out the devices?
i'm so glad to hear that the buzzer is loud. i was disappointed with one that i bought 2 years ago that was shaped like a 'tile'. you had to be next to the lost item to hear it. defeated the whole purpose of trying to find it. haha
@angelo and @andrew - we will continue to keep backers updated with any changes to the timeline and are still on track for a november delivery. we’ve shipped to alpha testers, have already submitted for production, and will be traveling soon to oversee the process.
i predicted a december delivery.   i'm not so sure now.
so if you're planning a full round of both alpha and beta tests and that the alpha testers have it yet been sent their pebblebees then it seems to be very unlikely that you will hit a november delivery. then taking christmas and chinese new year into account it's going to be the spring before we see the mass delivery of these.
any updates yet.   have any been shipped out to any testers yet?
@katharina - thanks for the support! @cyborgmanlibre - please see our most recent comment. we'll also continue to update backers in the formal updates. @usman - our alpha testers have not received their units yet. we'll be sure to share some of their findings once we reach that point though!
thank you for the clear response. any updates on how the testing is going? have alpha testing backers received their units yet? would love to hear their first impressions.
hi, i thought it was supposed to start shipment in september, but it hasnt started yet. so when will it start to ship? thanks
@peblebee: thank you for the answer. i really appreciate that you take the time to communicate with your backers. so many projects neglect the communication aspects of a kickstarter campaign and it always ends with angry backers, who distrust the creator even if the product itself is really good. please keep up the good work :)
@usman, abbas, and andrew - we’ve talked with daniel to get a current estimate on delivery time. based on all the information we have today, including a delay to retool after running into some minor plastic enclosure issues, we anticipate a november delivery. please keep in mind that this is an estimate only, and other unexpected things may still come up.
@pebblebee: an estimate is just that, an estimate. while i fully appreciate you doing alpha and beta testing to ensure you are releasing a quality product, i would like a better understanding of how this testing will effect your final delivery. as the finder is not your first product, i hope that alpha/beta testing goes smoothly. that being the case, how long do you anticipate each round of testing to take? once this testing is done, how long will it take to mass-produce and deliver to us backers?
so clearly and simply: when is the new expected shipping date ? ps: before it was september 2016.
@creator i've read the 8th august update but there is no mention of schedules. could you at least your proposed outline one? you're undertaking what, alpha testing now? then a round of beta tests. so i guess we're looking at the new year at the earliest now before we can realistically expect to receive pebblebees. even if rounds of texting progress well. transparency would be appreciated. thanks
@katharina - sorry, it sounds like we accidentally added more confusion! no, that survey refers to the final one where we will ask for everyone's shipping address and verification of color choice, and we have not sent that survey yet. the color survey we sent was purely to get estimates for production so that we make the right amount of each color.
@creator: i checked the august 8th update.  in that update you said that about a months after you send out the color surveys, you'll start shipping. so i understand we can expect shipping to start around october 9th?
@norman - thank you for sharing! we will be testing the finder with both the new iphone 7 and newest os to make sure everything works as it should.
@andrew - our aug 8th “production update” has the rundown of the process and what steps to expect, and we recommend browsing that update if you haven’t had a chance to. until we have done extensive testing on the alpha units and identify what changes need to happen, any estimated delivery date could change based on our findings. it’s important to us that the updated delivery schedule we give backers is as accurate as possible, which is why we have not announced a new delivery estimate yet. hope this information helps!
i decided to buy and use your competitor trackr's bravo. it does not work with iphone 7 plus which i have! bluetooth system setting did not show trackr under available device (bravo had blinking blue light fine) at all but shows up fine on my ipad pro. seems hardware issue (i even replaced trackr with another one and still have same issue). i returned the bravo to store. so, i think you guys need to test pebblebee with iphone 7 phones too. i am more than happy to test for you. i have 10.1 beta ios on my iphone 7+ and 10.0.2 ios on my wife's iphone 7+
@pebblebee i agree that updates should be the best place to find out what's happening and keeping up to date. therefore i'm surprised you mention that you have an added an additional round of beta testing that extends the deadline, but fail to mention to when? this is and the extended delivery schedules are not mentioned in the updates. perhaps keep true to your own words and put this information in the best place to find it for everyone? what are the impacts on delivery?
@angelo - we try to post an update every 2 weeks or so and are working on the next one now, so stay tuned! @andrew - our updates are the best way to stay current on our progress and we'll be posting another one soon. as mentioned early on, we decided to add a round of beta testing to ensure the end product is the best it can be, which will extend the timeline. thanks for the continued support!
hey could we get a status update please.   it's been a few weeks.
wondering how progress is going the original timeline suggested production and fulfilment by end-september, and whilst i usually hold no stock against kickstarter timelines you seemed incredibly confident at the time of hitting this. wondering how things are going?
@ali alballaa- sorry if there was any confusion about this survey! we did this survey so we could determine how many of each finder color to make as we move into production. this is not the final survey that includes shipping information; that will come later. @ben nickles- we're glad to see backers are so eager to help out! with the huge number of responses we received, and the limited number of alpha test units we'll have, only a small percentage of testers were selected. we wish it could have been more!
i got this message when i click on the survey you sent to choose the color! "we've received enough responses to accurately plan order quantities and this survey is now closed. thank you!" what dose that mean? when will wee get the product?
so sad, i didn't get any alpha tester notification. and also, there wasn't any real tech background questions. i'm not sure what they were looking for, but i'm a local, and a heavy user working in the electronics field, i would have loved to help them.
@abdelaziz - it's not a problem that you didn't receive the survey because we've received enough responses now to accurately estimate quantities. it won't be until the final survey that we need responses from every backer, and we'll make sure everyone is able to complete that survey when the time comes. @angelo - we're doing everything we can to keep any delays to a minimum. as mentioned earlier, once we receive and have tested the alpha units, we'll have the information we need to be able to better estimate delivery dates. thank you for your support!
can you answer plz?
i don't have receive any mail for color choice!!!
i'm a bit confused.   according to the update alpha testers will be selected and notified, then beta testers.   when can we expect full product shipment?  december maybe?
@angelo, ben, and pat - we've posted a new update that includes information on the tester survey; please check it out!
any updates.   it's been a while.
@pat i am hoping to hear from the alpha test survey too!
@creator just wondering how will be notified if we were chosen to be an alpha and beta tester
@kenneth and @dennis: since people move and addresses change, we've learned from past campaigns to wait until close to the delivery date to gather shipping information, reducing the chance of outdated information. we'll continue to update everyone on progress and will announce that survey once we're closer. @kevin: we appreciate the kind words! we've received an overwhelming number of backers interested in being an alpha tester and are excited to know that everyone shares our desire to perfect the finder experience.
i hate being that guy to other backers in the comment section but in the update prior to today's the team was pretty clear about their timeline. yes they are a little behind the original timeline (which gave them to the end of september btw) but it's because they're making improvements and fine tuning. i say take your time team, i'd rather have an alpha and beta round working out kinks and improving overall experience than a product that doesn't live up to your presented standards. keep up the hard work, we support your effort regardless of small timeline delays, the progress seems well worth it.
waiting for the survey now to collect delivery information... it's been a while now guys. hoping to see something in my email soon about this. thanks.
hello, when will you start getting our delivery information? thanks.
hi everyone: we'll be posting an update within the next couple of days with news and survey information. thank you for your patience and continued support!
how this is going? all up to date?
make an perfect one. i'm very excited that i'm the first korean user. ^^ good for all-!!!
any news !?
hi, i have been closely monitoring your progress and have watched all videos you uploaded for manufacturing. i do understand that it is very frustrating for you also when there is delay in shipping the product. you also want to introduce your product as soon as possible. go ahead, do your best. deliver an unmatched quality so that every backer is proud to back this product
thx for the progress report. this is the first kickstart project that i have supported and i am glad that i did. i just hope for great things on the product and the team. keep up the good work!
hi everyone: thanks so much for your positive comments and feedback. our highest priority right now is to work towards delivering an absolutely amazing user experience for the finder while also working as hard as we can to reduce any delays. at this time we have submitted our final v6 design for the finder pcba after fine tuning the antenna design and we expect to receive them in 3 weeks. we expect no issues and will be assembling them and shipping them to alpha testers. at that point we will have the necessary information to be able to give an accurate delivery estimate. we will be sending out a short survey to identify interest in alpha testing and collect shipping information. keep an eye out for this survey. thank you for your support!
i'm interested in being an alpha/beta tester and will indicate so once the survey is released. thanks!
count me in for beta if needed thanks
count me as alpha or beta tester. i am deaf myself and would check if anything needs to be checked for deaf user accessibility. for example, in app all sounds (i.e. location closeness) needs to have visual too. i have been tile backer and want to stop using their products.
hi guys, nice work. i like that you want to spend more time in testing but could you give us a release date? thanks a lot!
these are a birthday gift for my sister. a little late, but worth the wait. hope i'm selected for the beta. �
i read the latest update. please provide us a information about new ship date.
i would like to be an alpha tester
@abdelaziz and @pakkanan: we'll be sending the kickstarter survey much closer to fulfillment. since the survey asks for the shipping address, it's best to do that as close to shipping time as possible. we'll announce the survey in an update, but you'll also see a notification from kickstarter when you have a survey waiting to be completed.
i haven't received any survey yet. is it out already or not yet?
hi, send a survey later, later means 2 days, 2 weeks? can we have a date plz?
@ivan: please see the comment immediately before yours; we'll be sending surveys later for everyone to choose colors. @tobias: we don't yet have a final ip rating on water resistance. it's currently water resistant to rain, but we're always striving to improve it. the compromise is if it’s waterproof, the speaker's sound is muffled, so it’s all about striking a balance between louder and more water resistant. at this point, we would not recommend using it on a pet who enjoys swimming.
hi pebblebee, will it be "compatible" with swimming dogs?
where can i choose the colour � ?
thanks again everyone!  we will be sending out an update with a survey on what color options you would like to order so we can plan ahead.  then when we are near fulfillment we send you the ks survey.     @norman, we may be providing an optimized ipad app some day but we aren't planning for it now.  you can still run the app on an ipad and it will work just the same with connected to internet.  you never know, we may decide to make an optimized ipad app available soon though, so keep checking.  thanks so much for your support!
congrats❣
can you make ipad version? i see iphone only app in the app store. i have landscape based keyboard with cover for ipad pro. i didn't like to turn my head 90 degrees to see the screen. or at least allow landscape viewing. please! thanks!
glad you made it. i will wait for the options mail to chose color.  thanks for you idea and effort
hi pebblebee team, un first place congratulations,  how can i choice the color for my pebblebee?
thanks so much everyone for backing us and beelieving in us! :)  we will be sending an update soon over the next 24 hours.    even though it's been sleepless nights over the last couple of months, now the work begins.  we're more excited than ever and can't wait to get the finders in your hands.
woohoo, fabulous idea. cant wait �
yay! looking forward to getting it!
congrats pebblebee!!   we are confident you can pull off the (so far) unattainable!   go go gadget!
i've been debating between tile (gen2) and this and decided to take a leap of faith and back this one via backerclub.  hope it won't be a disappointment and looking forward to a successful product launch. :)
i'm going to stick with you. i hope you can do what no other tracker has been able to so far. good luck pebblebee. fingers crossed for a smooth campaign
@creator:  great news that the app will notify on low battery on finder.  thanks for the quick confirmation.
@human:  hey neighbors!  awesome work you're doing - transformational! would love to connect sometime soon, we're min away from dt seattle.   thanks so much for supporting the finder and the stone as well!
hello pebblebee - exciting to see some great things come out of washington. our team in seattle is wishing your team a strong finish with 55 hours to go! -the human team.
@pakkanan:  great news. yes - if the product doesn't work and is defective, we will warranty it for you.   we don't plan on that happening though since you're going to love the finder with a culmination of years of experience and development.   thanks so much for supporting the finder!
@philip, thanks so much for supporting us!  yes - agree with you the battery alert feature is essential, and we will be implementing and providing that feature as part of first delivery.    when the battery is low, you will receive a notification on your phone, as well as a marker reminding you to replace your battery.   thanks again for your pledge and support.
do you also have customer satisfaction policy, in case the product cannot keep its promise? i do wish that it will work out fine, though. i'm going to hang the finder to my kitten's collar ;)
@creator: despite some very negative comments by users of other pebblebee devices, i hope you can deliver the finder, as proposed.  i wish you well in your endeavour, as will the other ~2,500 who are supporting your project, so far.  while there are some trackers on the market like yours, and several more attempting to do so, they all seem flawed in one way, or another.  i’m willing to put my trust in your best efforts to deliver a useful tracker and i look forward to receiving the finder in september/october.  i have one question, that david bollman (june 24) also referred to – please provide a feature on the tracker, or in the app, to tell us when the finder battery is low.  this is really really important, as we don’t want to find out the hard way, every time the battery goes flat on each finder.
@cbb, thanks so much for supporting the finder.  great idea!  we will be sharing uncut videos of finder in action and updates to show progress including app updates as we progress through critical milestones.
@creator can you please show an uncut video of the finder in action?
@mike:  will do.  thanks so much for supporting us!  our support team will be responding to all questions on monday morning pdt, but i skimmed over it and just a quick response we already do use zendesk and have a user forum on our main site pebblebee.com.  but those are great suggestions and we will get back to you.  thanks so much!
@abdul:  regarding your first question, if you are on ios, kill the app, the finder will continue to communicating with the phone so that it's continuously keeping track of your keys in case you lose them.  second question, we've increased range by improving the antenna design and reducing software complexity, which means less power consumed, and longer life.  third, at anywhere near 200 ft the signal is in or out depending on environment, we've had longer range, but at 200 ft that's about the limit of ble 4.0
@mypebblebee -- please answer the four (4)  questions - messages - about the product that i have left from your kickstarter campaign page.
@creator.  and have you test the signal stability when it is near 200 feet? so what is your comment on that?
@creator.  finder is using class 1 bluetooth for longer coverage.  so how can you claim it last 1 year, when no tracker in the market are able to last that long?
@creator.  on the campaign page, it mention work without apps running.  what does it means?
hi abdul :)  the finder is a very simple product and we have tried our best to keep the main campaign page as clear as possible so there is no confusion.   we have also received lots of direct messages, if there is any specific question you would like to ask please feel free to direct message us as well.  again thanks so much for being our loyal supporter from the beginning!
@creator.  the number of backers to the comment ratio is just too large. why is this so?
@chris, thanks for supporting our campaign.  yes!  you can have up to 10 finders tracked on your phone.
can i use more than one on my phone? for example one on my keys and one in my wallet and track them both?
@dustin, yes that is correct.  you each can track and find your keys respectively using your smartphones.   thanks for supporting the finder!
if we have 2 finders in the house, one for me and the wife each synced to our respective phones will my phone find my keys and hers find hers
thank you for the timely and detailed response. looking forward to a strong campaign finish and on-time delivery!
@usman:  thanks for your positive comments and support!  we are familiar with the other failed campaign two years ago that you mentioned - but we are far from that as you mentioned.  we have over 3 years experience now and continue improving functionality while maintaining simplicity and beauty.  the major improvements to the honey are 1) increased range by improving the antenna design and reducing software complexity,  2) not to toot our own horn but a much better looking design, 3) much simpler form of replacing the battery, 4) a brand new app redesigned from the ground up with a much improved ui that's simple and easy to use 5) and last but not least, to answer your final question, the finder works with your phone without having your app running, what that means is that the finder will always work regardless of if the app is running so you can always find your phone if you've misplaced it somewhere.  we already have over half a million users and rapidly growing, we own the crowdgps space and the finder will have what some other trackers call community find, allowing other users to help find your marked lost items even if their pebblebee app isn't running.
hi creator. love the look of the finders. i'm skeptical though because i backed a similar product two years ago (bringr) which has yet to see the light of day. i'm giving you a chance because of your two successful campaigns, however i can't ignore their negative/low reviews on amazon. can you please speak to what improvements have been made since your honey tracker? also, will these trackers be able to leverage a growing user base like tile to help users find finders which have gone out of range?
@ali:  thanks so much for supporting us!  yes, we've developed and delivered many versions of products already and have had many years of experience developing this technology and we are confident you're going to love the finder. @bobby:  thanks for supporting us again since over 2 years when we first launched out first project and it was just nick and i.
hey pebblebee team, i just ordered my first pebblebee ever! i haven't been convinced before and the reviews worldwide and online just told me that i was 100% right!!! i hope the pebblebee team just figured out how to make >this one work<! your experience until now should've helped you!:) kind regards from germany  ali
i spent 86 dollars on this company for two pebblebee honeys and two hornets. devices don't even work when they are only 1 feet away! stay away unless you want key chain trinkets. check amazon.com reviews for details!
@cyborgmanlibre:  sure thing, we can take a short video and send it over.   all you do it use a coin, or a flat head screw driver, place between the ring and lid where the key ring goes and pry the lid off.  it pops out with the electronic components attached to the lid, so all you see is the batter in the bottom portion, which you can flip out, and easily replace.  then snap the lid back on.
can you show a video of showing how difficult or how easy is to change battery one upon the battery is dead? is free the app for the iphone?
https://pebblebee.com/forum/
@creator thanks for the quick response! sounds great!
@mathieu:  yes it's water resistant to snow. we don't yet have a final ip rating on water resistance. it's currently water resistant to rain, but we're always striving to improve it. the compromise is if it’s waterproof, the speaker's sound is muffled, so it’s all about striking a balance between louder and more water resistant.
hi @richard and @nicholas:  you asked about the range and a clarification of its performance in real life situations so indoors for example.  we've tested the finder in a 4300 sqft home with two stories and a basement.    the pebblebee finder was left on a couch in the basement and we were able to buzz the device with a phone on the opposite side of the home and on the second floor.     the basement has a few concrete walls but the floors are wood and sheet rock ceilings.   hope this answers your question.  we've learned so much about ble and forms of communication.  we've developed new firmware protocol that enables simple commands and allows for reliable communication.   we may be adding "safe zones" feature in the app but that's not planned for first release.  the finder only has one sound that is emitted but you can control different tunes on the phone when the button is pressed.   so if you have three finders you can set them to each play a different tune on the phone when pushing the button.
hi this is water resistant and if i drop in the snow this ok too? thank :)
@creator i'd like to see some scenarios like @richard stated. open areas tests are of little concern to most people. for example i usually misplace my phone when at work or at home. maybe run some tests leaving your phone or keys in a 3 story house basement and try to find it from the 2nd floor. use a 2000 sq ft ranch and leave one or the other on opposite sides of the house and try to locate them. you get the idea. i have high hopes for this finder but need more data for confidence on what it will deliver. thanks!
i've read the majority of the comments, but i still have some questions. i'm a developer myself and understand how these things work, so i do have some empathy for you.  however, i really don't care about the 200 feet in open space case.  that rarely ever happens.  what i'm more concerned with is that the bluetooth signal is strong, and reliable, in a place that has walls and ceilings.  if your product cannot work reliably in these settings, then the 200 open feet scenario doesn't mean jack. i have tested most of these bluetooth trackers and most of them suck.  the latest entry into this fray is mynt: https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b018osgnsw/ref=oh_aui_search_detailpage… .i would say this product is better than average, even though the sound it emits is low, the app user interface can be confusing, and the you can only get the replaceable battery from them.  they also claimed that their bluetooth antenna was great, but in practice it's not.  they claimed similar large area quality response, like you are doing, but in the end, it fails miserably in my house. the only two products that live up tot he claim of very reliable bluetooth signal, that i have found so far, if the remote for the amazon echo: https://www.amazon.com/voice-remote-amazon-echo-generation/dp/b01e9ahu8q/ref=sr_1_cc_1… .  i can be about 75 feet away, with doors closed and this product still works reliably. the other product is an anker bluetooth speaker that i have.  this speaker advertises a 66 ft range: https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b016xtadg2/ref=oh_aui_search_detailpage…, and i can confirm that it goes to at least 75 feet in my testing. so, the question, really is, how does your product work in an enclosed environment?   telling me that it works in an open area, like a football field is not interesting.  it's marketing hype.  i want to know real work scenarios, like in a house with walls and ceilings. to give mynt credit, they did implement safe zones based on wi-fi signals.  basically, you an tell it not to give an disconnect beeps if the system sees that it's connect to known wi-fi signals.  so, i have a list of wi-fi signals for work, home, my girlfriends house, etc., and the product will not give any disconnect beeps if the bluetooth signal is lost between the phone and device.  will you have a similar feature ? lastly, if i have several of these devices, i can choose the sound that each one emits ?  can i also choose which sound is played on the phone when the button on the device is pressed ? i'm trying to give you the benefit if of the doubt, but your previous projects were not all the great, and a lot of other bluetooth trackers have fallen way short of their goal. so, naturally, there is a lot of skepticism.
originally posted by creator -  so no need to toss it in the trash after a year (such as another bluetooth finder on the market). lol, you must be joking. while the battery may last a year, pebblebee support will not. mind the stainless steel will shine forever. @backers: you still have time to pull out.
@raad:  that's so awesome!  thanks so much for your continued support.  you're going to love the new finder!
@abdul: other than what's public we know nothing about stonetether.  we do however have several years experience with bluetooth technology and continue to deliver improved solutions.  the honey if used regularly lasts between 6-8 months, but that was developed over 2 years ago, and we've learned so much more since then.  we've improved the antenna rf design,  firmware protocol for communication with less overhead, and after 6 months of development we've verified up to 200 feet range in an outdoor parking lot. with regards to battery life, we have improved efficiencies on communication, and were able to broadcast three times less and still achieve a faster and more responsive finding experience.   we feel confident that the battery life will be up to a year if on average you buzzed your finder once a week.   the great news is that the finder also has a replaceable battery and an easy to find generic one.  so no need to toss it in the trash after a year (such as another bluetooth finder on the market).
with the debacle of stonethether(https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/delmarth/stonetether-the-smallest-tracking-device-at-long-r) which boast 500 feet by changing the antenna and also 1 year battery life, i have serious doubt that finder can reach 200 feet and battery that last 1 year. @creator, how can you really proof to us that it reach 200 feet and what if it doesn't once we receive the device ? also, your pebble honey plus battery last less than 6 months, so how can finder improve it?  please highlight us.
can warmly recommend the company and have been following them and used the honey tracker since it was first launched from ks about a couple of years ago.  keeps track of my valuables and sends we warnings if i leave home without them.  real neat for an absentminded "traveler" like myself.  :)   i pledged for the 10 pack on the finder i think it looks way better than the honey, best looking tracker i've seen.  also good you are working on a new app with new graphics, i think the older app needs a refresh.
everyone who continues to support this company after they failed horribly to deliver on any promises on their last campaign deserves the non functioning garbage you will most likely receive. i mean, good for pebblebee finding $60k worth of backers who don't seem to care that they will receive a useless piece of plastic that will sit in their desk drawers until they get sick of looking at it and toss it in the trash bin.
@rzakwani:  thank you so much for supporting the finder!  the main video for the ks campaign is using the actual final finder product.  this is exactly how it looks and functions.  we have not finalized the app yet and are still in development.  the plan is for the app to be released to both google play and itunes in about 4-5 weeks from now after extensive testing.
@sapphire:  thanks so much for supporting us and the finder!  yes we are already on track to deliver in sept and have had many prototypes already made.  we are just waiting to submit our initial full production order once we have all order numbers and combinations of colors post our ks campaign.
@james:  first thanks so much for supporting our first product the honey and now the new finder.  it's because of supporter like you and ks backers that has helped us continuously improve and deliver great products.   the finder will have a "left behind" alert for now.  we want to simplify the user experience as much as possible and we want to make sure it works all the time.  having many options such as including and excluding regions (which we had for the early version of the honey) really confused a lot of customers.  if one functionality worked one way but the customer understood a different way, they would mark the whole device as not working.  so for the finder we are focusing on simple and 100% working functionality.
hi creator , is it possible to upload some test videos showing finder's functions ...etc, i think this would be good enough towards positive feeling about the product
after reading the comments for a few days, i've decided to go ahead with my pledge, was considering rescinding it earlier. i hope your product functions as you've described, delivery etc with no further issues.
i am a user of the pebblebee honey trackers, mostly for the tracker going out of distance functionality. will the finder have this as well- if the item it is attached to walks away from your phone, will it alert you? add-on question- can you add "track" and "exclude" areas to the distance functionality? its would be nice to be able to say distance alert everywhere except x,y,z or no distance alert except x,y,z. the latter is how honey is set up, i'd like to be able to do things like exclude my house but track everywhere else for instance.
@maxx:  yes, your phone will ring the pebblebee tune if you push the finder button even if the phone is in vibrate.   it even works if the app isn't running!   so you don't have to always remember to keep the app running for this feature to work.  this is a huge advantage to owning the finder.
@steven:  we don't yet have a final ip rating on water resistance. it's currently water resistant to rain, but we're always striving to improve it. the compromise is if it’s waterproof, the speaker's sound is muffled, so it’s all about striking a balance between louder and more water resistant.
@creator in regards to the phone finder function, does this work if your phone is on silent by making it vibrate? or only works if the sound is turned on? also be keen to hear about the water proofing of it. i'm not planning on swimming with it but it rains here a lot during winter and have been know to drop my keys in a puddle or two. also, for those planning on putting it on their pets (and that one guy who plans to tag his kids), i'm thinking it could get a bit wet there.
is finder water resistant?
hi steven, we had all the intentions to provide win phone app but microsoft didnt have the resources available to make it happen!  we had dozens of tickets with their support team and met numerous times with their developers and they couldn't get it to work.  and now they don't support the windows phones any longer.  so we didn't just forget to release it, the ble services were not available from microsoft.  we work 5 min away from their campus, we really tried to no avail.   the review was for the gen 1 that everyone has steven.  not gen 2.  the stone is irrelevant i agree, but it keeps coming up in this discussion :)  i wish it didn't and would like to focus all our energy on continuing to improving and delivering good solutions to everyone with the new awesome finder and existing previous products.
@creator: i don’t think malolm is spamming at all, he has posted links to comments and views of paying customers/backers. you yourself have posted a link to an unbiased stone review that is irrelevant as no one has a gen2 stone outside your circle, and it’s not for sale. 2.5 stars on google play. keep in mind that the rating has effectively been reset when they removed the original app so it could have been even lower, plus they also have all the new stone users helping to boost it too. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details… 2.5 stars on itunes too. i think this was also reset. https://itunes.apple.com/gb/app/pebble/id957997620… 0 stars on windows phone, they forgot to release the promised app warning!!! warning!!! warning!!!
malcolm as you once said in your comments:  stop spamming.  you've pledge $1 to spam.  please do not spam.  there's nothing to hide and we are proud and forever grateful to all previous and current backers to bring us to where we are today.  we have delivered every reward we continue to improve and perform better than ever.  i just posted an unbiased review in my last comment on the stone.  everything is public and we're not hiding anything.  if you're here just to spam please leave this board.
warning: read the comments on his previous campaings: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/192833321/pebblebee-the-most-versatile-ios-android-bluetooth/comments and https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/192833321/pebblebee-stone-a-smart-wireless-shortcut-button/comments i am not suprised, he did not mention this new project in the old campaings...the backers would be outraged
warning:  don't back this project!  the previous projects he created were crap and still do not work. i waited well over a year for my device and it doesn't really do anything and the app is utter rubbish and fails on all levels
is finder water resistant?
hi david:  you hit the nail right on the head :)   that's exactly why we created the finder.  after creating our first product over 2 years ago, the honey with so much functionality, we learned that most people didn't care so much about all the options but wanted the main feature of finding to work all the time at larger distances even if the app wasn't running when trying to find phone or track your keys location at all times on a map.   so we focused all our energy into creating a beautiful, durable finder that works at larger distances, included a replaceable battery so you didn't have to get a new one every 6-9 months, lasted a year, allows you to find your phone and tagged items, and works without having the app running at all times.  we did that very well because we have already created several products before and have learned from our experiences and kept on improving.  we are experts at this technology and continue to improve.  we believe the finder is the best finder product with regards to how well it works and how well it's designed.   which leads me to answer steven:  as stated above, the finder isn't the catch all features tracker product. its the best finder product that's really good at finding your stuff and your phone.  if you want a shortcut button to remotely control your phone, the stone is probably what you're looking for as well.  in fact we are releasing a new app for it very soon any day now that includes many improvements.  we have also improved the stone hardware based on user feedback including increasing battery life to over a year. here's a very recent unbiased review of the original stone: http://bit.ly/28wudwm  keep in mind the latest stone gen2 with hardware improvements hasn't been released yet.    so is the finder better at finding things?  absolutely.  but if you're looking for ifttt, temperature, motion and other triggers you are most likely going to want a stone as well.   we are not planning on having an api or providing open source code.   if we do offer an api in the future for the finder, it will be fully documented and will require an sdk license.
i too had a lot of issues with the honey and opted to pass on the stone which from reading the comments was a good choice. i'm opting in for this one i hope that it is as promised.  i do have a request in that in the app you get feedback on the battery remaining in the device.  the bells and whistles in the app is nice but it only has to do one thing well for me to be a very satisfied customer which is whenever i pick up the finder or the phone to find the other phone or  finder it will always find and connect when requested.
@creator, could you please tell me how the finder is any better than the honey? i can see it is shinier but what else does it have that the honey does not. you make no mention of it being water resistant, surely this is a minus point if it's not. will the software be open source like the honey should have been? if not will it have have a api like the honey was going to get? what about ifttt? that was also on the honey list of things to do. will it have a temperature sensor like the improved honey? and is there any chance of a tasker plugin?
rl: i'm glad you're also supporting this campaign as with the others.  if you are also interested in the stone please contact support@pebblebee.com. we do warranty up to 1 year but not to replace with other products.  we may also offer the stone on backerkit after this campaign is over.    we appreciate the feedback to make our products better and help improve customer experience.  because of your and other backers' financial support and feedback, we are able to continually improve and learn from our previous experiences.  that's why we have the best solution now because we have the experience and we've learn so much from past projects and product development.   we thank you and others for being part of this experience.
because you know and i understand the honey / honet / dragon all have hardware issues and didnt function.
i requested you switch the honey / honet / dragon to you new product 'stone' before you ship out the reward or refund. but you said no!!!
@creator, you can check the first pebblebee project, i switch few time from lower reward to higher reward, finally i pledged $145 because i trust you. but finally, all products didnt functions.
hi steven: thanks so much for pledging to get the finder and for supporting us again.   i'm sure we have earned your trust by now after supporting you numerous times.  if you still have questions on our other products please contact support@pebblebee.com
backers please do your research. pebblebee can't be trusted.
hi tameem:  yes you can have up to 10 pebblebees on the public app.  for colors, we are open to all suggestions for future consideration.
hi  can the app store more than 1 pebblebee ? like : 1-mykeys 2-mybag 3-mydog what about carbonfiber color , its will be soo good  with dark gray rim <3 any suggestion i will write it to you in here guys hope you have a succsfull camp
great news.  yes - if the product doesn't work and is defective, we will warranty it for you.   the finder is a culmination of years of experience and development.  you will love the finder.  you can see from the video, its no longer a 2 person company as we first started 4 years ago and with the honey ks campaign, its a bigger company now that is completely focused on making awesome products.  we stand behind our products.    as a ks backer you know that as we and other responsible and ethical companies grow, fix issues and continuously improve to provide you with a great product.  the honey now works very well but we still decided to considerably improve functionality on the finder.    @yuheng, thanks for backing us! @fahdi and abdul: thanks for backing us again! @rl: i hope we can turn your pledge into a full reward level!  you won't be disappointed.
you will get a refund if not work, but their previous products worked but not functions. they said they will fix the issues by the app but still nothing.
yes, we need a guarantee.
guarantee the products work but not function like their previous products :)
@creator yes, we need a guarantee for this to work as advertised. i'm pretty much disappointed with the ones i bought before (honey & dragon).
@creator. any refund if finder is still the same as honey and stone, full of issues? we need a guarantee.
hi raif, the finder is the ultimate "finder/tracker" product to quickly find your items and always keep track of the last seen time without having to have the app running.  the finder will also have crowd gps® and sharing modes so you can share with your significant other or friends to allow them to control the finder as well.   thanks to you and hundreds of thousands of customers we've been able to continuously improve our technology.
hi, will this finder be better than honey or stone in tracking mode ? the stone has crowed gps , does the finder has same features i can see some negative reviews for both previous products, i hope this been resolved on finder. my main purpose to use for tracking kids thanks raif
hi abdul:  we haven't set retail pricing yet but should have that available sometime end of september after we ship backer rewards.
@creator. so, what is the expected retail price of the finder?
hi jake: great question - the new app will first be submitted in about 6 weeks from now supporting both stone and finder.  by the time we've shipped the finder we will have integrated honey capability into the new app as well.  the plan is to have the honey, stone and finder supported on the same app, without taking any hits on performance.  it's tricky because all devices perform differently and some require a constant connection such as he honey.  but we are already making those improvements now and we're on track.
will the new app also support the honey or will i need multiple apps?
hi candis:  great question.  we were one of the first to develop this technology ever since bluetooth low energy became readily available on phones.  we've already developed three products starting with the honey tracker, then stone shortcut button and now the finder.  we've had thousands of 4 to 5 star reviews from many very happy customers.  unfortunately there have been and very small percentage of complaints due to various reasons which have brought us to develop and perfect the finder - an evolution of our first product the honey tracker.    to answer your question, yes, absolutely the finder can be tracked and buzzed inside a bag or purse.   funny fact, whenever our founder's wife searched for her keys, it used to be a nightmare to figure out which purse they were in, now it's a breeze with a two step process, open app, hit find and voila!  the finder starts buzzing within the purse and even flashes the led to show you where it is inside the purse.
i'm seeing a lot of people complaining on your campaigns (past and present). i'm reading reviews about how the tile can't "see" the tracker inside purses or bags. can your tracker see things inside things?
hi bryan:  your correct, ble on android has always been a huge challenge for everyone.  over the last couple of years we have worked extremely hard on improving the bluetooth user experience on our existing and future products.  we have made drastic improvements on android and are happy with the results.  changes were needed for android 6 but in the end android 6 is the best performing version for ble.  we have done lots of testing on our current devices and the new pebble bee finder with android 6.
i purchased 2 pebblebee stones. the build quality was awful, and the functionality was even worse. i sold the both on ebay for a loss. there are better products out there. i won't be going near any of your products again. thanks though.
one thing i would like to ask is how much testing with the likes of android 6> have you done?  the likes of competition are having major issues with marshmellow and such like versions of android. dropping connections and trouble connecting in the beginning. i have a nexus 6p and thought i would ask due to problems on forums with other finders. thank you
thanks for your reply, in that case, i shall continue with confidence that this shall blow the others out the water as i know the tile does not have a replaceable battery and the trackr has some poor reviews on the likes of amazon, so i really do hope this meets the specification :)  i have pledged for 5 devices so i can keep track of my keys and bank verifying keypads. thank you and good luck with the project.
hi bryan:  we are a leading brand in the "finder" market, and we have designed the pebblebee finder to be the most beautiful and reliable finder on the market based on years of development and competitor testing experience.
will this be 100% better than leading brands such as tile and trackr ?
awesome question thomas, i'm glad someone brought it up. after receiving a big income tax payment from another project i backed, i am very hesitant to which projects i now back. i hope me and you both are able to support the creator and not be charged via tax in showing that support :)
hi 許訓銘:  1- yes.  2- we provide a world wide limited warranty.  3 - 1 year
hi thomas:  we plan on shipping through dhl worldwide and usps for us shipments.   yes, we will be shipping them as rewards for component cost so very minimal values.
1. is this using bluetooth 4.0 to work? 2. this pebble bee® finder has warranty in other country? i'm taiwanese.  3. how long does the warranty period?
hi! how will you ship the product to the eu? will you use a "eu friendly" shipping that assures that there will be no import tax when receiving the goods? many thanks in advance!
hi heather:  the reason we're keeping all the rewards limited is because we don't know how long we will be on the popular list and once we set another price we're committed to it so we will continue to add rewards as needed until we decide to stop offering the current pricing and bump the price.
hi andy, thanks for believing in us and supporting us again on the new finder!   you will love it!
how can you tell me the stone is just a shortcut button when it was clearly marketed as a tracker and smart button ?!?! just because one function does not work you can't tell people they bought it for the wrong use. here is what the campaign title was: " pebblebee stone: smart button and item tracker " - now does that say shortcut button only will not work as a tracker ? i would certainly hope if these new instructions don't work someone will admit it and give me a refund. that is a pretty good new marketing strategy with limiting the number offered then just changing it as they are bought up making people think they have to buy now before they run out - then you up the number available anyway and call it " depending on demand " - ha ha ha - oh what a joke !
be wary. i backed their last project and was severely disappointed with the end product.
hi heather:  yes the stone is just a shortcut button, with tracking being secondary only.  in fact we learned a lot from our customers that we ended up changing the stone gen2 so that it's 99% a shortcut button, with very minimal tracking such as letting you know the last time it was detected.   please send an email to contact@pebblebee.com for more instructions on how to enable tracking mode on your gen 1 stones by holding down the button.   as for your questions, #1. it is completely a new app that allows you to use the finder and the stone product!  in fact we are releasing the new app in time for our next stone retailer release.   #2. depending on demand, we will continue making more rewards available as we learn what backers are mostly interested in.
hi cbb:  we have tested the finder at a 8 foot drop repeatedly.  we actually first started out with a tungsten carbide ring, but quickly learned that once dropped from 8 feet it will shatter!   so we moved on to surgical grade stainless steel coated with special any scratch coating so that when dropped it doesnt easily scratch.  we don't yet have a final ip rating on water resistance. it's currently water resistant to rain, but we're always striving to improve it. the compromise is if it’s waterproof, the speaker's sound is muffled, so it’s all about striking a balance between louder and more water resistant.
hi shin: we are planning to ship in sept, with enough time to collect all pledge rewards, to submit for production in early august.   so backers should start seeing them end of sept.
you say " we continuously improve our technology ", so does that mean that these might actually sort of work for tracking, unlike the pebblebee stones i got and when they did not work i was told "the stone’s primary purpose is as a shortcut button and while useful, the tracking features are secondary and not what it was originally built for. " - seriously ?!? the tracking never worked at all and still does not work and i was not even offered a refund nevermind a credit toward their future technology that should work better, oh, and is primarily for tracking. i am not the only unhappy one, check out the link to see more happy customers. also i did not even get my order until i asked about it a couple of months after i see comments that people got theirs, was some lame excuse about a technical glitch and to top it off i got all one color i did not order and not even all of it, so after all the screwing around and shipping back i still ended up with 'stones' they are as useful as the ones in my driveway and will probably end up there one day soon. i do have a couple of questions for the creators. 1. you are saying " new app ". is it really a completely new app just for these or did you improve the old one ? 2. why do you only have 755 rewards for 310 people ? https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/pebblebee-stone-smart-button-and-item-tracker/x/9232342#/comments
ok that note, what are the pebble bee's ratings in regards to water/dust/shock proof?
i've been burned majorly by backing a bluetooth tracker in the past so will proceed with caution. it's reassuring to know this isn't your first campaign
fantastic idea! i have question. when do you plan to ship?
hi abdul:  yes, the app will work offline, as long as you don't logout of the app on purpose.   so if you log out from the app, it won't work.   you have to log back in and that requires internet.  once you are logged in it will always work with or without internet.
@creator. so, can the app works offline without internet?
hi rl and welcome back :)  thank you for recently backing our finder project and for previously backing our hornet/dragon products over 2 years ago.   thanks to your feedback and comments we've been able to focus on simple and working functionality.  the finder is a beautiful design with the best of functionality.   the finder is a simple and functional product that helps you find your keys, phone, anything even without the app running!  we've been developing these products for over 3 years now, and we continuously improve our technology.
that's reason why creator not update their previous project when they launch a new project,
@all, i backed $145 to their previous project all not functions. please check and research their products review before you pledge!! https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/192833321/pebblebee-the-most-versatile-ios-android-bluetooth/comments
abdul: we've learned a lot from all our previous products and mostly thank you and other backers for supporting us throughout and giving us your feedback.  we have listened to you and have been continuously improving our products.  you've been with us since the beginning and we are so grateful to you.  our first product the honey has tremendously improved with a much longer range and battery life than we first shipped our product in 2014.  as my previous comment, we have "increased our range by improving our antenna through countless designs and research and the finding process is now even faster and easier with our new app that uses a new faster and robust way to rapidly discover your device and buzz it!"
@creator.  why should i trust this 3 campaign when the pebblebee honey battery can't even last 1 year? it even get spoilt when placed in my bag.  is there offline access?  why should trust this can hit 200 ft when the first pebblebee boast of 150 feet but can't even work at 15 metres?
hi stefano:  after over 4 years experience developing ble trackable hardware, we have increased our range by improving our antenna through countless designs and research and the finding process is now even faster and easier with our new app that uses a new faster and robust way to rapidly discover your device and buzz it!
the tracker looks very cool and (correct me if i'm wrong), it should be the fusion between the pebble bee stone and the honey.  a lot of bluetooth trackers claim to cover a distance up to 50m (like nut 2) but it is actually less then 10m. my question is: what is the difference between yours a the others? what does make the p b finder to cover up to 200ft ? thank you in advance and good luck with your campaign!
thanks troy!
really nice looking tracker... haven't seen anything like this beautifully made!
