hey matt, we'll be reaching out for updated addresses before final shipping. thanks! kathryn
how do i update my address? i have long since moved.
hey bryan, i'll be getting a longer update out this week but the boots are in production. they are estimating 32 days to ship to boston and then we'll do final assembly and get to you. late may/early june. they are almost here. thanks!
hey kathryn - any update on shipping?
i requested a refund and received one. i have no complaints and wish ms. carlson the best.
well ms. carlson, i promised to leave you alone in return for a refund. you agreed to a refund. correspondence follows: but haven't heard a word. ---------------------- kathryn carlson kathryn carlson sep 24, 2014 report spam hi jeffrey, we'll be happy to refund your contribution. please let me know what paypal account i can send it to or what method you prefer. thank you, kathryn jeffrey price jeffrey price sep 29, 2014 i don't do paypal. how about a chargeback or a check. keep the handling fee.
buca boot: flexible, secure -  also add words like late, unresponsive, arrogant and poorly conceived. kathryn, if you'll refund my money i'll leave you alone. be honest here. you updated the crap out of this thing during funding, but now make a guest appearance every 30 to 45 days. if you really assembled a "team" why can't one of them handle an update or two. "manufacturing is hard and there are many unseen hurdles." yeah, so what? you put yourself out there and sold this like a pro. but you had no idea how " difficult" it could be? so is that bad planning, lack of research, karmic imbalance or what? please refund my money. like you i was not prepared to put my money into this. i hadn't planned out how it would work. like you i didn't think through the process. like you i check in only sporadically. and like you, not one of my promises i made during the funding period has been kept . and finally, like you, i really didn't have manufacturers of my money lined up like i said i did. so what do you say? refund or is that too big of and idea for a "big thinking economist" like yourself?
you know, this is starting to smell. something is dead inside the buca boot.
please post something.
well i guess i am the only person out of 576 that gives a crap that the person who has taken my money on a promise, fails to explain why they will be, at a minimum, late by at least half a year. delivery will be february of 2015 at best. in the mean time kathryn will do her best to explain with no detail, what is going on every 45 to 60 days at best!  please kathryn, don't go out of your way to be nice to the people who backed you.
thanks for the update, kathryn.  glad to hear that -- knock on wood -- some of the boot may well be produced in the us.
finally got an email response. if anyone cares, i'll post it.
i've tried humor. i have dabbled in irony and moving towards sarcasm. are there any other backers that would appreciate some communication?
you haven't check the page since june 16. maybe its my spam folder's fault.
btw, just to keep thing honest, the up date wasn't posted a week earlier, a bit longer. and you appear to check in on your backers sporadically at best. a far cry from all the communication when you were asking for money.
kathryn, i'm sure you get patronized often enough that you don't find it interesting or appropriate. my settings are fine. what few updates you send out i receive. that you haven't "quite kept up with our goal of posting once a month" is an understatement. that said, i would be interested in the details of what is delaying matters. you provided yourself a very good lead time of 8 months from close of funding. one of the reasons i backed was because you appeared to understand the idea that delays are inevitable and you budgeted for them. now we will soon be past the last ship date. i accept that, however once you pass that date i feel it is only fair to communicate on a faster time sequence. every two weeks for a formal update and answer questions posted here. to be fair, you asked for money, all i request is information. the mundane stuff, orders, prototypes, failures, minor setbacks, pictures - they are all fun to see and read. i'm not bitching, but please don't patronize. you can check each backer and see if we are new to this or not.
jeffery, we're sorry if you haven't been receiving our updates.  you may want to check the settings on your kickstarter account or in your spam folder.  in the meantime you can see our latest update, which we posted about a week ago here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/bucaboot/buca-boot-flexible-secure-storage-for-the-urban-bi/posts that said, we know we haven't quite kept up with our goal of posting once a month, we'll try to do better.  producing the buca boot in quantities has proved to be an interesting challenge for us and it's absorbed most of our attention. if you have any specific questions please don't hesitate to ask.
"we'll stay in touch with you throughout the process so you'll know what's going on and will get updates on our progress! our updated website will also be live soon and you can find us at www.bucaboot.com." kathryn carlson
psssst. . . kathy over here . . . yeah, over here . . .  its us, the backers 'member us?
or maybe a quarterly update?
how about a monthly update?
proud to know you kathryn!  keep up the great work your first product launch! your talent and energy will catapult your product into the mainstream of the reis and trek bicycle stores of the world...by the way, about that trek executive running for wi governor....go mary!  from one of your biggest fans...lorrie kh ...next stop belle capital???
ok, i want to upgrade my pledge - from $195 for a single wood buca boot, to $375 for a wood, a plastic, and a t-shirt.  do i just go in and adjust the pledge, and work out the reward details later?
mahogany and chinese bamboo? what about trying some local wood? there are many mills and woodworkers in ma and new england that do custom work and could find you the right species and work with you. massachusetts has the commonwealth quality program (http://thecqp.com/) for local products produced to the highest standards.  the marketing and utilization forester at the ma department of conservation and recreation might also be able to help you find a local source for your lids.  why use local wood? it would be harvested under the highest environmental standards, and you would help support an industry that helps keep massachusetts forests as forest.
this project is awesome - can't wait to see it funded.  so close.  tell yo' wife, tell yo' kids everyone!
good luck!
unfortunately, we don't have any e-bikes around to see if that is a possibility.  the buca boot wasn't designed with that use in mind - but we love a good bike hack!  i'm sure someone could work it out.
how do you think it would work to mount e-bike batteries in a buca boot?
