@james - very glad that you like the coasters and i hope your giftees like them too!  but im pretty sure they will.  merry christmas and hoppy holidays.
just wanted to thank you again for the coasters. they're great and they're being wrapped for christmas presents now :-) thanks again for bringing these out. you guys rock! merry christmas. jim
glad you are so happy with it.  that makes it worth it! we've already submitted everything to amazon - once all of the backers got theirs of course.  they get backed up at this time of year so i can't pinpoint when the listing will go live, but it will be there soon!  i will make another announcement when it happens. however, if it doesn't look like it is going to happen early enough for gifts then i'll see about selling direct or something.
it's been about a month and i still love my coasters!! everyone  is super jealous of them and they want their own! when will they be available for purchase to the general population? i wish i had more for christmas gifts!
our arrived in the mail yesterday! all the sets look great, and i used a couple last night to pop caps off during the world series.  we are keeping one for ourselves and planning to send the other sets out for christmas gifts. pretty sure i've never in my life bought christmas gifts this early.
got them last night, they looked great. i've got interest from some people who would like to purchase some. how can we buy more?
super impressed with the coasters and how quickly this came through. was almost like a retail sale. excellent job. very satisfied. cheers!
thank you for an awesome project! i got the coasters in the mail today and are super happy with them. cheers!
nicely done. congratulations on a successful kickstarter!  that makes two of us.
hey tom - it's more to display the graphics that would otherwise get covered up.  when i use it normally i have the glass centered.  i don't put it directly over the punch out, but there is plenty of room.
one thing i did notice about your design and what is seen in the pics is that you have the glasses not centered on the coaster. is this due to the fact that the opener cutout has a lip?
sorry andrew - with shipping charges higher than the reward value we thought it was prohibitive :/
nothing for canadians?
