hey guys i still have yet to receive my flasks for my friends with benefits. i have the undies but no flasks. i asked on oct. 25 about this and was told it was on its way. i would at least like to give some for christmas. if necessary i will provide my shipping address again.
hi, i just wanted to follow up on when i could expect to receive the black medium briefs to exchange with the large briefs i received by mistake. thanks so much!
hola, just received my briefs and flask yesterday, they are comfy as fuck, thank you :)
hey guys, we are working on answering all of the individual questions, but it will take a little bit more time.  it appears there has been some delay on international orders we sent out.  stick with us, we will figure out timelines.  we are managing a lot of orders, and our entire infrastructure at the moment is 2 people.  we know you have been more than patient, and we really want you all to get your briefs and enjoy them.  just know we are doing our best and working around the clock to make sure every one of you gets your briefs as soon as possible. thank you all for your patience and support, dan and jeff
i second that question ... when can canadians start to receive their briefs?
hey guys. any news on when canadians will be getting their briefs?
these are the cat's meow! thanks guys for your hard work.
hey dan, we are sorry to hear that you didn't receive your flasks.  we'll get those out to you right away.  sorry for the mix up. all the best, dan and jeff
i purchased the friends with benefits package, and the briefs look and feel great; however i did not receive any flasks.
has anyone taken delivery of the item in the uk yet?  i am still waiting for my to be delivered. cheers
i received the replacement flask. thanks guys!
@amberlynn pumped to hear you like the product!  our sewing factory mixed up the sizing on a small box of black briefs. we apologize for the inconvenience!  we will send you the correct size asap and include a pre-paid envelope to send back the larges. thanks!
love the product. but i ordered a medium and received a large in medium packaging. can i exchange this pair? thanks!
these are awesome! if i could just recommend, maybe for a very future batch, when these catch on like wildfire (like they should!) stengthen the zipper tag itself, i almost had a zipper flap/tag bend and break on me, the first time i unzipped one. had another get stuck and not open within some serious oomph behind the motions. would help prevent grumpiness from future customers. (i am fine with the way they are, just making light suggestions.) also, maybe make the tag imprinted on the band or the underwear itself. for those who have skin that could easily be bothered by the thick tag on the back end. i found the product to be some of the comfiest underwear i have ever had the pleasure of wearing. thank you so much for this product! i can't wait to be able to buy more!
great job guys!
got mine in. lovin' them! great product!
@keely -- we are thrilled that your jerk husband likes his early present, and, more importantly, that they provide you with eye candy! (the fabric is extremely soft and ... form fitting). thanks again for the kind words. if he needs more, make sure to use the backer discount code at checkout at www.speakeasybriefs.com.  cheers!
@nicolas -- glad to hear you like the product. our sewing factory made a labeling mistake on one of the boxes.  we'll send you the right size and include a pre-paid bag so you can send back the l. thanks again for your support!
hey guys! awesome product, but it seems i got the wrong size...packaging says m but brief was l. that aside, wish i'd gotten more, awesome product!
my jerk husband opened up his christmas present last night.  yep, he didn't pay attention to my name on the package and opened it up to find his snazzy undies.  these just might be the only thing he wears now.  he's hooked!  i should have gotten the lifestyle package, for sure.  apparently they're super comfy.  might i add, these are the most attractive underwear he's ever had.  i greatly appreciate the eye candy!  great product. two thumbs up, guys.
mine arrived yesterday, unbelievably comfortable!! new favorite underwear for sure. glad i got 3 and the flask
brett, we stand by all of our products, and want to make sure you have the best experience with our products as possible.  if there are any issues at all with your flask or briefs, let us know, and we will be happy to take care of it for you.  we value your input, feedback, and support. cheers! dan and jeff
definitely, thank yall! much love!
@nik -- thanks for the love! we are pumped that you appreciate the soft fabric! the website is up and taking orders:  www.speakeasybriefs.com.  make sure to use your backer discount code at check out.  let us know if you are having any issues with the site.
oh and on another note, when do you think speakeasybriefs.com is gonna be up? cuz its telling me its not available yet, and i wanna get afew more pairs.
dude! just got my speakeasys in the mail, had to try them on as soon as i got em, and i must say they are the most comfortable pair of underwear i have ever put on in my life. beautifully done fellas. aaaaaand now, off to break em in at the bars in downtown fullerton ;d
@brett -- we are pumped that you like the quality! we sent you a message about the flask.
i have received my speakeasys. the quality of the briefs are fantastic. the flask was dented on the other hand, but still usable.
international orders are in the mail, they just might take a bit longer to arrive.
what about international orders
has anyone received theirs ?
thank you!
@charles -- nearly all of the domestic orders went out last week. there were some with address issues and we are following up directly on those.  thanks!
any news?
nope, that's all cb.  very excited to get these out to you asap!
hey guys, send a message to update my shipping address is there anything additional i need to do?
hi guys, i wanted my briefs to go the oktoberfest in munich. you have now over 2 months of delay! please give an update with correct timelines! thank you
@paul, i went by the sewing factory today to do quality testing. the briefs look great and they told me that they should be finished next week. we will mail them out as soon as we receive them. thanks!
update?
fantastic, thank you guys! and im extremely excited to get my pairs! i wish the best with the production and hope it all goes smoothly =)
thanks for the update guys!
hey guys, we are very gun shy at giving concrete timelines after all of the delays we have experienced, but assuming that there are no problems with production, the briefs should be in the mail in the next 2-3 weeks. @nik, we are still taking orders at the kickstarter price on shopstarter.  our shopstarter site will be available until we finish shipping our initial kickstarter order. here is a link to our page: https://www.shopstarter.com/p/2113693754/speakeasy-briefs-underwear-with-a-secret/ thank you all for your continued patience and support.  this has been a very difficult few months with the production problems and delays, and jeff and i are truly grateful to have such a positive and supportive group of backers. all the best, dan and jeff
also, is there any way for me to order more? or to add to my pledge or anything? id like afew more pairs.
hey guys, i know stuff gets rough with production issues and such, just wondering if i can get a rough estimate on a time i can get mine! im hoping to be able to have a little somethin somethin to run around for halloween, ya know? ;d lemme know, so i know this is still all on track!  thanks, and good luck, ~nik
thanks for not disappearing jeff/dan! i know i appreciate seeing you still actively responding. i'm eager for the speakeasy's, but i know it can be difficult sometimes to get all the orders out as quickly as you'd like. hope i can hide my eggnog for christmas though! (speaking of which once production is up and running, will there be a website to order additional ones?)
hey christopher, we are in production, no need to worry.  we apologize again for the delays, and look forward to the final update when we can tell you they are in the mail. all the best, dan and jeff
any updates?? i know these sometimes take a little longer than expected but the estimate was july. should i be worried yet?
i know i can't wait to get mine!  i am so excited!
i still havent got mine. this sucks.
hey william, thanks for the comment.  we'll post another update to let you know when we have a firm timeline. sit tight for now.  we're excited to report that the backers who've tested our most recent samples have reported really liking our modal/cotton/spandex fabric.
how's it going? should i expect my undies soon?
josh, please message us with your change of address and we'll make sure to send them to your new place. thanks!
hey guys, looking forward to getting the undies.  question, because it's taken so long since i ordered these, i'm actually moving since i last got an update.  any chance i can change my shipping address?  let me know if we can work that out.
the hell is goin on!!!!!!
at what point does concern become justified?  it can't possibly be that difficult to send some kind of response.
could we see an update? i'm banking on this arriving before i have to leave for burning man.
really appreciated all the updates during the process of funding this project and seeing you work through the challenges of implementation.  would like to see an update about the status of shipping as of august 1st.  thanks!
what's the latest news on what's happening with this?
was kind of banking on having these before outside lands august 9-11...is that going to happen? can i pick up locally in san francisco to save time?
updates would be good even if there is not much to tell
update time...
any further update?
any new to know? shipping still going to be good? would like an update of some kind if you don't mind.
any news?
i still love the idea of an sf release party (update #7)... the pr would be great.
hi i'm a 19$+ pledger in the uk. when can i expect delivery? thanks - great work guys.
luis, we are still on schedule to have speakeasy briefs delivered within a few weeks of our original estimate.  like you, we are extremely frustrated that our sourcing company and chinese manufacturer dropped the ball.  we are doing everything in our power to expedite the manufacturing process.  the silver lining is that for your patience you will get a better quality product made in the u.s.
dam, specifically contributed to this for this summer's festi season (im sure a good amount of people did the same), cant go so hard in the following summers due to real life commitments, pretty bummed that it looks like it wont be here in time.
i think it would go a long ways for my peace of mind to receive an update.  i don't think i'm alone in that thought.
getting close to 2 weeks since your last comment guys. where is this magnificent update?
july still happening?
could we get an update? festi season is upon us!
to actually echo chris below me, it has been 8 days, and your big update hasn't arrived yet. please either update, or give us a comment or two.
any news on the big announcements you posted 7 days ago?
hey bryan, a lot has happened since the end of the campaign. we are very close to making some big announcements.  expect to receive an update in the next few days. best, jeff & dan
can we get a update on how the process is coming along.... thanks
any chance i can get my pair before edc? :)
hey josh, we will have a better estimate in about a week and will let you guys know.  thanks for the support, and we will keep you posted. all the best, dan and jeff
great job and congrats! can't wait to receive my pairs!! any idea as to when you think these will be shipped out (ballpark?) i live in the midwest. hopefully before festival season is over!!!
hello dan, for individual issues, please send us a message and we can handle them from there. thanks,  dan and jeff
i posted on update 6 but still haven't heard anything, is there anyway i can change the size i selected?
next time, please put all relevant information into one place to fill out your survey. update 6 doesn't have colors and neither the kickstarter page nor your website have the updated information in an easy-to-find place. maybe it's buried somewhere, but nothing looks like it's been updated here since april.  maybe you put it in your video, but that's not an optimal place for it.
when will update 6 be ready so we can fill out the final survey with out proper size?
hi dan.  we are sending out an update and size and color selections today.  thank you for your support.
when do we get to pick out size? the project was funded 4 days ago and i still haven't gotten anything.
i'm excited for this, ive seen something similar to this in the back part of the briefs, but you guys have a zipper and in a better location!! and plus now i don't have to worry about the sock falling out lol jk eyy ohhh!!!
but what if i get a boner?
@guillaume, we will not have same color zippers and fabric for our first production.  we will send updated sizing with our survey at the end of the campaign.
again, i really think zippers and trim same color as fabric would be a plus. any comments on that. can you guve us an update with the size chart? thanks
you have an excellent opportunity to have great placement of this product in the "amazing race" as a way not to lose your passport. they need it believe me.
@russell yes, there was a mistake on the survey. we spoke with our manufacturer and small will be 28-30.  the survey monkey was so we could estimate what percent of each size and color to order as we wanted to start the production process early.  we will send out a kickstarter survey at the end of the campaign to get everyone's color and sizing preference.
on the survey, it mentioned that small was 30-32" waist. most common sizing for small (for boxer briefs) is 28-30" (i happen to be a 28" waist). was this a mistake or are those the actual sizes?
hahahahaha!  legendary comment!
this is the only thing on kickstarter that makes any sense right now. thanks to both of you for being a guiding light in a sea of darkness. amen.
i'll have to do a limited run of kina tonic in "speakeasy briefs size."
y.chung, stretch goals are coming soon! we're having difficulties with our web designers that have slowed us down. michelle, we definitely want a girl version! in the r&d process...
you guys should come out with a girl version too.  somehow.
are there stretch goals coming?  i would really like black trim with black briefs to keep it even more discreet.
the project is gonna be funded on my birthday! haah how cool is that!
black trim! black trim! on black briefs of course.... way more discreet imho... thanks.
congrats on surpassing your goal so quickly! i expected nothing less!
hi, first of all, i would like to say that this is one of the best idea in fashion so far. i'm always annoyed when i'm going out because i don't know where to put my keys and stuff. and that's the solution. however could it be possible to buy a pack with 2 briefs ? thank you in advance, mortimer
there was a similar swimsuit product on here a few weeks ago.   search "tuckers" and you will see but it didn't get funded
hey subhabrata, thanks for your support, it means a lot to us!  that's a great idea, and we are going to look into expanding our line once we get our boxer-briefs orders fulfilled.  swimwear is one area that we are particularly interested in, and you might see that product soon!  thanks for the feedback and the kind words. - dan and jeff
guys, big congratulations on this! i was just thinking, as i was planning my summer holidays, it would be amazing to have a swimming short / swimming briefs version with a waterproof pocket!!! wouldn't have to worry about my belongings as they would be safe near my junk!
these are awesome! i can't wait to see my boyfriends face when i give him a pair.
thanks bryan!  a proper update will be sent out tomorrow detailing our stretch goals.  we are so excited and thankful to you and all of our backers!  thanks for the support and stay tuned...
congrats on getting fully funded in only a few days. any stretch goals ?
as long as they don't set off metal detectors then its all good. been looking for something like this for a long time.
i agree.  i want a pair that's more discreet for security purposes.
thanks for the feedback, tom. we have several ideas for alternative design options we hope to implement in the future.
consider a pair with the seams, or at least the zipper, in the same color as the cloth, so as not to stand out so much.
prowlmedia, thanks for the feedback! we tested our zippers and they don't set off metal detectors (we had the same question). the zipper is light weight and there is a layer of fabric behind it for comfort. you could definitely use a plastic flask.
fantastic idea.  perhaps plastic zips for comfort? and i've been to festivals that have metal detectors.. plastic flask possible?
these are awesome. love the video!!! these are gonna be great gifts for friends. love when people come out with original and practical products that have a great twist.
thanks bryan, for the kind words and the support!
great idea guys!
