hi karen, all shipments should have gone out months ago. we'll look into it and resend. a handful of orders got returned to us. sorry for the postal troubles!
hi, i haven't received a copy of the book yet. i'm wondering if my shipment has gone astray. cheers, karen
i got my copy yesterday and am pleased with the result, thank you.
hi valeria, we've shipped out all orders (except a handful of international ones we double checked address on). we've had some get bounced back to us for being incorrect address, but we'll resend happily if that's the case. we'll message you!
i posted it on the update but i'm putting it here just in case it's easier to see here. it's been a month and still no book and i'm sad because i've been looking forward this book for the longest time :( please tell me it's on its way!
hi john, all domestic orders have been shipped. your package was mailed several weeks ago, but i just looked it up and it says it is being returned as the address was undeliverable. i will send you the tracking number in a private message
i have hesitated to post this comment, but here goes. the update on aug 21 states you are shipping. today is sept 21 and i have yet to receive a tracking number or a book. i am finally having trouble believing you.
received the tracking number. thank-you.
hey laura, yes, will send in private message!
i'm in canada & still have not received mine. are there tracking numbers?
hey jj, we did ship out all the domestic orders before the international ones, but yours was shipped about a week ago. i'm not sure what the shipping time to cyprus is but i would imagine you will get it this week
one week later.............any answers to my questions below?? is there an order of items being shipped??
got my book today & it looks great. also -- (ref my query in last update) -- i did get both of the ebks gw & best-of.
nothing yet! is this being sent regular post - and it is shipping from where? thanks! jj
hi chris and don, fantastic! glad they made their way to you and that you are enjoying them!
got my book today. looks fantastic
my book arrived today and i'm 100 pgs into it already! everything that was promised...it's beautiful,quirky and so far ....i'm loving the book! i know it was a long torturous journey but many thanks on a great addition to my library! all the best !
hi don, we literally got the full shipment today and just brought them inside. will start shipping books out today!
shipping.......when?
hi don, we will post an update tomorrow! we are still absolutely on track to ship the books this month though.
are we still on track for physical book shipment? last update was 7/11..... no word is nerve wracking.....please ....just take 10 mins and update!
11,12,13,14,15,16,17,18,19,20.................gigantic update..............coming soon............promise...............we mean it this time...........you are gonna love this book...........oops, wait, the printer didnt realize the text was to be in english, not esperanto !........slight delay.....update coming soon..........we promise !!!!!
it's really frustrating to have to keep hunting for the updates here. you said everyone should be getting the "big" updates 2 weeks & 4 weeks from the post below on may 11th. i've still not received anything in my email inbox. it feels like you are trying to hide these updates.
of course it's another delay, another excuse , another reason to detest poor planning & lack of consideration shown to backers. beyond pissed.
can i ask what you think "weekly" means? can i ask why it's been over two weeks since the last update? i thought you understood the idea that regular updates, even if they had no new information, were helpful. are we getting ready for yet another delay in delivery?
hi laura, for the little weekly updates on progress we don't want to annoy backers who don't want to get 7-8 emails. but everyone should be getting emails for the big updates (which should be in 2 weeks and 4 weeks from now). and then the books should be on their way to everyone finally!
hi, just a note. i generally get "update" emails, but this time i did not. i only learned there was a new update (almost a week later) by coming to this page to see if there was any news. i'm not sure if it's my email that's the problem or if you need to select "send to all backers" but if it's the latter, could you please make sure to do so for your new weekly updates? thanks.
we have posted a new update with what we are really confident will be the correct information for shipping. we know we have messed up many deadlines before, but we will get it right this time. we will also start posting updates every week until the books are shipped.
we've finally nailed everything down and will update this weekend. michael, you are correct we should not shift blame to anyone. we take responsibility for these delays, of which there have been far far too many for the print version.
michael, that's totally fair, we are very sorry if we have not been communicative enough. and we really, really apologize about all these days. this has been the most frustrating project we've worked on and we've never had delays like this on anything we've done before. the problem, in part, is that mcnaughton & gunn keeps telling us different things and we are trying to nail down the information so we can be accurate for once. last week they told us that they incorrectly bound some--but not all--of the books (meaning the pages are all out of order). we told them to ship us the ones that were correctly bound asap so we could send to the kickstarter backers. we truly have been calling or emailing them almost every day. we should know later this upcoming week and update. we really are extremely sorry and feel awful that it has taken this long to get the physical version of the book finished, especially when so many people put their trust and money in the project.
i debated about responding to the creators' last post. but i'm so frustrated by how all of this has gone. first of all, you'd have to promise that you're on the phone with the printer every day, because your backers have no way of knowing that. there's no evidence that you are on top of this at all. second, the idea that you are speaking to them every day, therefore already knew that you'd exceed the last deadline you yourselves set (books ready to ship in third week of april) but haven't taken the initiative to share that fact with us, is the problem in a nutshell. every step of this process, every deadline has been set by you, and then you fail to meet them. worse, you don't acknowledge it. you act like this is something unfortunate that's happening to you, and not your actions and your inability to properly manage this project that's letting down your backers.
hi michael, i can promise we are on the phone with mcnaughton & gunn, our printer, every day, but we will give an update next week.
it's now the third week of april. if you don't have the books from the printer yet, maybe you could check with the printer to make sure they're still on schedule. in any event, we should get another update this week.
thank-you for your reply here & for your email.  i used the word transparent because not everyone is going to come to this page for updates; an email update to everyone, especially when a project is delayed, should be happening on a regular basis so people don't think you've checked out.
hey laura, we're not trying to be non-transparent, we just wanted to make sure we had everything finalized before sending the next update since we've had so many production problems. basically, we didn't want to have a wrong timeline again. that said, the book is quite literally being printed right now. it went into printing production when we last commented, march 11th, and is being sent to the hardcover binder now. we should have it ready to ship to everyone by the third week of april. we can't believe that this has turned into the winds of winter of literary anthologies, but the delays are almost over.
i sent you a message on march 19th; i have not received a reply. i'm still waiting for the hard copy of the book. i come here & see there is a comment that i guess is supposed to act as an update, but why aren't you being more open & transparent? it is very disappointing. i have not yet read the digital copy of the book as i did not wish to spoil the experience. please send an  update soon, to everyone, letting us know when we will be receiving our books. thank-you.
20 months since project funded,money collected,promises broken..... no matter how great this book could have been.....it will always reek of sloppy ,unprofessional hubris. gigantic disappointment.
hi jj, michael: yes, we are overdue for an update. here is the latest: we got the proof a couple weeks ago and everything looked right. our printer told us a few days ago that the book went officially into production. so it is on the printing presses right now. we should have the books in april. so, we should be in the very last weeks despite all of the printer problems.
i second the update. i think its definitely time...
it's been a month since the last update. can we get another one? even if there's nothing much to report, i think we should be hearing something about this project's status on a regular basis.
hi sam, believe us, it's extremely disappointing to us too and we really apologize about it. it is indeed still coming along, and we just posted an update for backers with the best of ebook.
the delay on all this is quite disappointing. i'm assuming it's still coming along, even though you guys didn't send out that free best of ebook a few weeks ago like you said you would.
i want to know the name of this printer ......lousy,rotten so and so
hi all, our printer finally got back to us (after their holiday break) and apologized profusely for their delays. they say that one of their printer machines broke and they got way behind with end of year work. so... yes, more delays. but they claim they are back on track with it. we really do apologize about how absurd the delays have been here, but we can promise that the book will be everything we said and this is not going to be a failed kickstarter. one positive thing we can say: we said that as an apology for the delays, we would give every backer a free best of gigantic ebook. we'll have that ready next week to send to everyone.
happy gigantic 2015
are these physical books evet going to be made?
as christmas approaches i hope that the printer problems cease and we can have the peace of a completed physical book.
any word? any hope ? any chance that we might see this project fulfilled before 2015?
dear backers, we wanted to update you on our situation. we have been on the phone with our printer almost everyday trying to get the book out. we finished the book in july (when we sent you all the ebook).unfortunately, our printer's dates for when they say they can get us the final copies keeps being pushed back. in part, this is because the book's layout is unusually complicated (as detailed in our last update) and our printer has not done a book quite like it before. in part, we have been experiencing regular applications of murphy's law where anything that can go wrong does go wrong. we signed off on the first proof in october, but when our printer sent us the final proof through fedex... fedex lost it. then our printer resent the final proof... to the wrong address. we really can't believe how much this book has been delayed. we can say, though, that we are not cutting any corners or lowering the quality of the book at all. and we can also say that the book plates are finished at the printer and we merely need to sign off on the final proof to have it go into production. we hope to have a better update soon.
hi don, our printer yet again had a hold up but we will definitely be posting an update this week.
http://youtu.be/zzfqwxeqyai
hi don, i can imagine! and we are certainly frustrated with the delays, but i believe we will have some more definite information to give by friday on exact timeline!
thanks for the response, throwing a line out to backers helps....i just happen to be in the midst of 3 kickstarter project that are all behind and zero communication...after a run of 10 projects that were on target ( or at least close to target).....so disappointment starts to set in
hi don, john, we definitely read these comments! and believe us, we are on the phone basically every day with the printers. if we could hand crank these out ourselves, we would, but after we finished the layout in july it has been frustratingly out of our hands. the printer had an issue with a few of our illustration files that caused a slight delay. (the complicated layout with different 2 color signatures has caused more problems that we thought it would.) but the printers have the plates done and just need to crank out the books and ship them to us.
do the creators even read these comments? i know it's a gigantic world but sheesh ! disappointment level rising.
it is now about mid november & still no book. is there a problem?
... any news?
i think i speak for us all...... arrrrrrrrrrrrgggghhhhhh!
all right everyone, we finally have everything in place and will give a full update this weekend. we really, really apologize about our delays, and will do so more in depth in the update.
the book is still the printers but we've been talking closely with them and should have a full--and finally final!--update this week with the exact date.
what's happening with the book?
michael: we'll email that to you right now. the physical book is currently at the printers. we sent it to them several weeks ago. we should get the final copies in the next few weeks. when we nail down the exact ship date, we'll give a big update... but, despite all the delays, it should be in the next few weeks!
hello. i never got a pdf ebook, plus when is the physical book coming. it's been over a year since funding was complete. worried here.
ok, not even bothering with ebook....but for criminey sake....what the hell is going on with the physical book? or at the very least an update saying " oops...it won't be till sept,oct......"
don: no problem, will email you a pdf version right now. best,  gigantic
free for iphone - https://itunes.apple.com/en/app/bluefire-reader/id394275498… free for android - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details… for pc - http://fbreader.org/win32 epub and pdf!
same here.... i can't open the links. i have iphone ... so a pdf would help greatly.
hi gabriel, will email you now. we can send pdf if you'd like.
also, is it available in pdf as originally promised? i'm not sure how to open an .epub, .mobi, or .nook file on a pc.
same here - can't access the links. can you re-send?
hi, sorry to bother you but unfortunately the ebooks links i got via email look dead, could you please send me a new one? thanks!
hi beth, we sent out the ebooks at the start of the month and have been emailing to people who are still filling out the survey every few days. we got your survey this weekend, and will send you an email today!
i signed up for the ebook, but as far as i know i haven't seen the email with a link for download.  i've searched mail, including trash and spam folders...nothing in there with a match to "kick" or "gigantic".  how do i get a link to download?
hi don, we sent the survey out in june, and sent the ebook to everyone at the start of july.
no e-book, no physical book , no recent update.....any news?
sonia: sorry, kickstarter doesn't allow multiple choice (or allow questions to be optional)!
where is the 'none of the above' option in our mandatory selection for the next flash-fic?anthology?
theresa: the ebook is (finally!) done and we are sending out surveys today!
i responded to the survey, but had trouble choosing what i might like for another flash-fic -- crime or fantasy!
could we please have an update?
great news! just keeping you on "the straight and narrow"! :) thanks!
hi jj, yes, we are still on ebook track for this month! we'll have an update to send everyone in a few days too! but this month for sure.
@ gigantic books hi! is the ebook on track for delivery this month? my nook could be put to good use! please update!
@ gigantic books just a monthly check in request for an update. how are things moving along? any stumbling blocks? still on target for delivery? just let us know! thanks!
dear john, you are quite correct. we thought we were at the point where the dominoes would fall quickly, but we've had some more delays. we are really sorry about it! we can promise, however, that this is not a project endanger of failing or not happening. it is only delayed. as a mini-update: we've sent all the contributor's author proofs, and are really just waiting for the interior art and the cover art to be finalized. once that happens, we really will have the dominoes fall quickly (we'll send the book to the printer, we'll make the book and sent it to everyone, we'll start lining up events, etc.) best,  gigantic
almost 1.5 months since the last update, is not what would be considered "more frequent" updates.
hi all, here's our situation: we are still waiting for the art to be finalized and to hear back from our printer about some changes. everything else is in place and once that gets nailed down, the dominoes will fall very quickly. obviously this has taken much longer than we were hoping it would, but the book will still be everything we promised....just a few months later than we hoped. we do apologize about the delay (and our unrealistic production time estimation). certainly a lesson we'll learn for our next book. but hopefully we have the art finalized very soon and post it, then send out the survey and the ebook in quick succession. best,  gigantic
hi - how is the e-book coming along?
hi - from the last update in feb. "you should expect more frequent updates from us over the next month as we finalize the art, send out surveys, receive the books, etc. "
i backed this project so long ago, by the time i actually read the stories they'll all be about the past, not the future.
@ gigantic books am i the only one eager to get my hands on this collection? how is that update coming along? thanks!
great! looking forward to a sci fi xmas!
hi jj, things are chugging along. we'll have a fuller update soon! best,  gigantic
hi guys! me again! just my monthly update checkup! any news? how is the progress? is it update time again!? are we on track?
great update - glad to see everything chugging along! :)
hi jj, just posted one! best,  gigantic
october on its way...any chance for an update...i am sure something interesting is happening!  even if its not.........................backers want to know!! thanks!
hi guys, i know xmas is a ways off, but any updates would be appreciated. thanks, jj
hi fred, yes, we will be paying our authors! (exact amount depends on how much we raise and how many pieces are accepted) best gigantic
hate to ask, but: if a submitted story is accepted, is there payment?  the submission manager page doesn't seem to say.  thanks.
thanks, susan! we were also hoping to make it hardcover so we are very excited as well!
thrilled we made the stretch goal. the possibility of it was enough for me to change my pledge so i could get the physical book instead of the ebook.
thanks the jj!
.........and that makes 399! :) way to go gigantic books! can't wait for the results!
outstanding idea. hope you remember smallness (the incredible shrinking man) bigness (pacific rim)  check out this older movie comic zoom, great inspiration  check out peter. nouse's the universe between. eye opening.  i wish you the best looking forward to a true classic  bob. b)
outstanding idea. hope you remember smallness (the incredible shrinking man) bigness (pacific rim)  check out this older movie comic zoom, great inspiration  check out peter. nouse's the universe between. eye opening.  i wish you the best looking forward to a true classic  bob. b)
hi richardo, you can submit through our submittable page: https://giganticmag.submittable.com/submit/69f649cf-bb4e-433a-9900-9200aaa7c074 thanks! gigantic
hey guys! great project ;) could you please explain better how one can submit work to the project? thanks
