the main mightymug facebook page suggested trying all 3 things on their support page to get it working again but that's not much good when it didn't work to start with!
i too have sent a message to jayme about my two pilsners not working and have heard nothing. very disappointed as i love my original mug. hoping this gets resolved shortly.
same with mine michael. one works fine and the other not atall. looking at the official website under the faq's it says what to do to re-activate a mug due to debris etc but these are brand new. i don't want to do those things and then be told that we've 'used' them so can't return them. should we be contacting you via the main contact form or would you like us to report this to a different address seeing that these are actually different products etc?
i have to correct me 1 of the pilsener glasses dont work correctly... can i send it back?
i recieved my 2 pilsener, 1 solo and 1 ice. all working great. even the people where i had to pay my custom duty liked it. now iam drinking my first german beer from the pilsener glasses. taste good. let me see how it works after 3 more beer`s;-) thank you guys kind regards michaeol
one of my tumblers, and one of the old fashioneds that i received do not function.  i sent a message to support and got no reply.  i'm still waiting on a response.
several of mine are not working eiter.   pretty disapointed know how well the original mg worked.
@creator- i'm am still only in possession of 2 of the 6 that i purchased. you have not responded to my email or comment. please let your next email to me be concerning my product ordered rather than more products at special deals that you want me to order, i won't order any more or advertise your product till i receive my product. backer #225 -steven
received mine just now and i love them! the communication during this project could have been better. but for me the product exceeds my expectations. nice! check them out in action!: https://www.youtube.com/watch… cheers, wouter
i got my glasses through yesterday (shipped to the uk), and i was a little disappointed that they weren't packaged as shown on the kickstarter, in branded boxes as you would expect to see in-store. this was mainly because these were intended for christmas presents to family members, and look pretty disappointing wrapped on their own. ...but it's even more disappointing that they also don't work: http://i.giphy.com/34o6eh5xrp0uq.gif well, two out of my four work. and it's a real shame, as the ones that do work are amazing! they really do stick to the surface and act as described. if it wasn't for these broken two i would have happily purchased an entire set - replacing all my barware! i sent a message immediately when they arrived, but have yet to get a reply. i hope to hear from you soon regarding a refund/replacements. thanks
hi. i've sent a private message and filled out a complaint on the website as 1 of my 8 don't work. no responses. i know from the last campaign that things will work out but the sllloooowwwwww response by jayme and might mug is frustrating.
hey, i still havnt seen any product arriving yet? could you check on shipping status?
to be honest, it was quite disappointing when you waited for so long and the products doesn't function. i bought eight glasses (two of each) and the wine stems doesn't work at all. all the other ones including the additional one i bought works great. so i guess i should be thankful after reading all your comments. however, i really would like to know how i can get my replacements...
"should you have any other questions regarding the project or any mighty mug please send me a direct message." i sent you more than 1 message but no response. a lot of email from mightmug to sell their products but with this kind of communication, i don't think anyone  who in the same situation with me will buy your products.
why my mug just shipped today?
i left mighty mug a message through kickstarter saying mine were defective and to my surprise two pilsners showed up at my office today.  the new ones work much better. so mighty mug is definitely gonna get some recommendations from me.  thanks guys
hey- i got my glasses but only 1 of the 2 actually works(no grip on one)! how can i get replacement?
i recently sent an email to your customer service noting that i have received only 2 of my 6 double old fashions. no response yet regarding this email. -steven hooks backer #225 have not received my additional 4 yet. thank you.
chris same thing with me, i got 4 pilsners and 2 old fashioned. 2 of my pilsners dont work at all. the rest are great. can we get this fixed somehow?
got mine today. love the ones that work. have two pilsners that don't grip at all. two old fashioned that work awesome. don't know how to post a video here but i have them side by side.
hello everyone - we just posted an update noting that most of the us rewards have already shipped and the remainder will be out by the end of today. all international rewards will be out by tomorrow which means every backer will be sitting and enjoying their mighty mug by the end of next week (or early the following week, depending on how far you are from our office). while we fully understand that some of you were disappointed by not having this before the holiday please know that we did everything we could but certain things are outside of our control. due to excessive cargo coming into the ports for holiday our shipment was delayed for 8 days. as a project creator this is nightmare but also something that unfortunately happens very often in the world of importing goods. backing a kickstarter project means you are getting the very first run of an item. with all initial shipments on any product there are sometimes delays either in production and/or shipping outside the control of the project creators. as soon as we were made aware of this delay we posted an update to keep everyone in the loop. we sincerely appreciate everyone of you and hope that this explanation gives you an understanding of the process on our side. should you have any other questions regarding the project or any mighty mug please send me a direct message. wishing you a great 2016! be mighty, jayme
hi any update?
can i get a refund? i was planning on gifting this item, but now i have to go out and find replacement gifts for christmas due to the delay. i no longer need this product.
the delay is a bummer, but it's not entirely unexpected. most projects on kickstarter tend to go over their estimated dates because that's just it, an estimated date. at least this one is only one month over as opposed to half a year or more. that being said, delays should be communicated here on the kickstarter project through an official update, and not through miscellaneous facebook messages. that is poor form and will impact my decision to back any future projects with this company. i have faith that this project will be delivered and i will most likely be satisfied as i have several mightymug products at home and i love them. but communication, be it good news, neutral news, or bad news, is an absolute must.
wrap this up! spent over $200.00 for christmas gifts. this is the reply from mm facebook page. i am soooo done with ks 4 pledges = 4 broken commitments. mm reply thank you for reaching out to us. kickstarter pledges will ship first week of january. please feel free to reach out to us for any other concerns. thank you.
fellow backers, after trying for weeks to reach out to mighty mug, by any means necessary, i received the following message from them today through facebook: "thank you for reaching out to us. we apologize for the delayed response. kickstarter pledges will ship first week of january. please feel free to reach out to us with any other concerns. thank you." i know this is bad news for the people who wanted to use these as gifts for the holidays, including myself. but at least it's not a scam and we should be getting our rewards soon. if any of you have any questions feel free to shoot me a facebook message.
i am a bit concern as i feel that this is a scam or something. i haven't heard anything from the creator. any one got any idea what we can do?
wow!! what is going on with this project? have not had any contact from jayme in over a month now!!
are we going to get our reward at all ?
when will order ship? confirmation came a month ago and no delivery yet.
yes please provide an update. when i backed the project to order and receive the glasses the eta was to be dec 2015. i ordered them hoping to have them as christmas gifts as close to christmas as possible. on nov 12 your stated everything is on track. you should be advising all backers of the status by now.
can we please get a status update? the only thing i have heard in the past few days was a request to find more people to support!!!
hi jayme / mightymug, i do agree with my fellow backers that your communication is to say the least a bit lacking at the moment. this is compounded by the fact that you are at the same time offering me discounts on other mighty mug products already out of kickstarte phase. off course i am not going to buy any mightymug coffee mugs if i haven't heard anything from your current kickstarter campaign. it gives the feeling that the focus is not at the right place. i would be nice if you could prove me wrong. thanks, wouter
@creator its been a little under a month since the last update, and a month since we last heard from you jamie, the creator. according to your campaign schedule, the products were supposed to be sent out a week and a half ago, and we were supposed to receive our glasses by now, yet we haven't heard anything from you as to why they haven't been shipped yet and why the process is falling behind schedule. we would like information as soon as possible. thanks
hi, i know this is redundant, but can you send out a notice of when the backers' products will be shipped? thanks.
any update on shipping dates? will we have these before xmas?
this is my first kickstarter campaign, so maybe this is a comment on kickstarter.  they shouldn't call the "survey" a "survey".  to me, a survey is a way to let people know how well or poorly they did or are doing.  a kickstarter survey, apparently, is a way to confirm your shipping address and make sure the payment is in.  that's totally different, so i nearly didn't fill out the survey.  i don't do surveys.  people call me at home all the time asking me to do a survey.  they say it will take 5 minutes.  20 minutes later i'm still on the phone.  i don't do surveys.  so the name should be changed. and when is shipping?  we had planned to use them for holiday gifts, and the holidays will be here and gone - at least that's what it looks like.
when are you shipping?
we received an email from mighty mug saying that we should be enjoying our glasses and encouraging us to forward a link to our friends.  well, that was a surprise, since we haven't received the mighty mug glasses we ordered, and we haven't heard when they will be shipped.  so the question is, "when will you be shipping the glasses?"
when will the items be shipped?
@creator is it possible to change the backing from one glass type to another? i asked this previously and was told that we would be able to do that once we got the backer kits. but it won't let me change from the stemless wine glasses to the regular wineglasses.
@steven hooks: each set is 2 glasses. since you ordered 6 glasses you get 3 sets of 2. so if you wanted all pint glasses for example, then make all sets pints. if you wanted 2 pints, 2 old fashioned, and 2 wine glasses then set #1 should be marked pint, set #2 old fashioned, and set #3 wine glass.
i bought at set of 6 for $90, survey gives me choices of set #1,#2, and #3 and then to add 'add ons'. what are these sets anyway?  how do i choose correctly to receive my 6 (any sets of 2)?
i was told that i would be able to switch my pledge from the stemless wineglasses to the regular wine glass. but the survey does not give me that option. is there a way to do this with out me having to spend more?
hi all - surveys will be in your inbox within the next day or two. no need to worry as the production and estimated arrival of goods is on track. please be sure to fill out surveys as soon as possible.  - be mighty, jayme
sadly i still didn't received a survey. starting to get worried if they will be delivered in time, because it's a long way to europe :/ … if you have some trouble with the production a little bit of information about the current state would be nice. cheers!
@creator it's been 18 days since you said the survey would be out. please let us know when we can expect it.
any word on backer surveys? i had ordered these with the hope of gifting them for christmas.
hi, still waiting for the survey. no reply after 6 days. thanks.
may i know when will the surveys be sent out? i haven't receive anything yet. thank you.
just want to make sure i didn't miss anything. i haven't receive the backer surveys. please contact. thank you very much.
thanks for the reply.
@hing tsang  we are excited as well.
@brian cullen yes - once we send backer surveys which will be later this week you will be able to select exactly what you would like shipped.
@jimmy chau as many backers have messaged us about this we are looking into if and how this can be done and will update you and all backers shortly.
hi @elizabeth we have made several improvements to the new mighty mugs and are confident you will be very happy. should you have any issues with any mighty mug we stand behind our product and can see that all is made right. please contact us via:  https://mightymug.freshdesk.com/support/tickets/new
this is exciting!!!! i can't wait to get the mugs!!!!
is it possible to change from one glass type to another? or is it too late?
dear sir/madam, i'm interested in getting the travel mugs also, can i add it as an add-on in the survey when you are collecting information? jimmy
wouter,  i sent them an email too. :-(.
@elizabeth: maybe contacting them directly helps: "need help? we're here for you. if you have questions at any time, during or after the campaign, you can always reach us at getmighty@themightymug.com"
hi. any chance of getting an answer?
was wondering if the longevity of the piece that holds the glass from getting knocked over is improved since the last kickstarted. i love my glass but have had a couple silver ones where the bottom falls off making the glass tip over like any other glass.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
hi alexandre yes the surface needs to be smooth and flat like most tables or desks.
is there an option to get one of each, vs getting them in pairs
hi there! wouter, we're glad you're excited! not weird at all - quite the opposite actually. even after putting them in the freezer, we are proud to say that the mighty mug barware line is still able to withstand knocks and bumps. so freeze away! alexandre, yes the surface needs to be a smooth, flat surface in order for the glasses to grip. thanks! -team mighty
does the surface needs to be non textured to be effective? (like glass)
hi, very excited. opted for the pints. maybe weird question: can i put them in the freezer? i would like to mimic the 'extra cold' / 'zero' experience at home but then with the added benefit of the fact that i can't knock the thing over. cheers! wouter
hi guys! the shipping cost gets comparably lower with each higher reward as we are able to distribute the cost over more mighty mugs. unfortunately, there's nothing we can do in terms of lowering the shipping costs, as we want you to receive your rewards on time and with tracking numbers - this is the best we were able to do. thanks! -team mighty
hi, i'm very glad to see the new range as this is such a good idea to save my carpets from more red wine baths!!. but i agree with the other comment that shipping fees are to high as $30 to the uk for 4 wine glasses is to much & stopped me pledging for 6. please reconsider this.
hi guys, 25usd for shipping in france! it almost double the price of 2 glasses!! any plan to reduce this cost? best regards, patrick
