dear backers, since our last update, we have made some really great progress and also participated at the mobile world congress 2016 in barcelona, where 7 news tech editor and sports commentator djuro sen was able to test our smart golf club. see it for yourself at our facebook page and on our homepage: https://goo.gl/mlqjho (facebook link) http://www.smartgolf.biz/buzz/ (homepage link) the smart golf team is thanking you for your patience and wishing you a wonderful week!
hi, any update on this project? thanks.
thank you mr.woodrow radcliffe, now i know why kickstarter call you as backer. i deeply appreciate your kind words. it make us happy and almost reach to crying. thank you again. there's lots of difficulty but we can break it. and we will provide to you a great product as like you mentioned. i hope all is well for you 'the smartgolf backers'.
please take your time to make a great product.  i believe in your concept and can wait for a superior product.  you have an opportunity to make a product that is groundbreaking for swing training, revolutionary for technological functionality and design, and fun for all.  thanks for the update.
dear backers, our initial plan at campaign was to deliver the smart golf club late october. however, we encountered some manufacturing issues, for instance the club head's solidity and assembling issue. we did change club's internal design of circuits(more compact and small), grip design is changed and improve recharging method. as we updated previous news, we will try our best to manufacture it till next month. and we are succeed to making fund raise 150,000$ for the initial manufacturing.  thank you for your understanding about the delay and we hope to update  with the finalized club in our next post at 17th nov. the smart golf team wishes you a wonderful days!
any update about the project progress? thanks
how is development and production going?  are we on track for an october delivery?
hello tomislav, yes, when you pledge just send us a message specifying you are a left-hander and we will design a club adapted for you :-)
will there be an option for left handed golfers?
i think this is great revolution (capital r) of golf's device rather than evolution. because .'smartgolf' make change golf's device basically,........;; by now, iincredably you made it well and i really hope and believe you'll make it pefectl long live smartgolf!!
thanks for the suggestion and for supporting smart golf ~ :-)
hey @smart golf - to hit your goal i would advise you add a limited quantity bundle option (club and/or cap and/or cover) at an early bird price as well - i don't want to see this not hit its goal.
thank you for your support ;-)
looks like a great project and just what i need for the office - good luck guys!
