my books are here! what a piece of art. cheers from curitiba, brazil!
my books arrived today and they are beautiful. less pleased about the packaging which allowed the books to move around and was nearly open when it reached me and was open to the air.
a little late to the party, but received my book a couple weeks ago.  timing was actually pretty good considering it was a u.s. address in asia. just now have an opportunity to digest it all... definitely a labor of love! only drawback was i did not received the inscription i requested.  unfortunate, but not unexpected.
the cryptic hints in this ks were a lot of fun, but while i knew in broad terms what was included in the codex i wasn't sure exactly what to expect content-wise.  now that i've had a little chance to digest it, i've got to say that it's a top-shelf piece of work.  outstanding job! very happy.
just got my books, rosario, argentina.
anyone outside north america, the uk and europe got theirs yet? anyone in australia?
got my books. they look great
my books showed up while i was on travel, but i opened the package this morning. absolutely stunning. thank you so much!
i actually received my codex just a few days after my last comment. loving it!
i have unlocked the mysteries of the azure tome. now my spirit master bids me to seek out a bestiary of cruel proportions. only then will my desire for mastering the arts of imagination be fulfilled. i beseech your southern lords of the east, i  beseech you.
i'm still waiting for my copies with bated breath. glad to see the last of the shipments are being sent out. i really can't wait to read through this book. :)
friends! wheelsworn! the codex is made manifest in the world. our efforts are complete. those not on our continent or within our borders might find it takes slightly longer to arrive. if it arrives to you in unsatisfactory condition, please make it known to us directly so that we may remedy the problem. for those that missed the opportunity to partake in the ritual, you too may now reap the benefits of the great summoning via this incantation: https://www.burningwheel.com/store/index.php/burning-wheel-codex.html
ditto this: "hadn't received any pre-shipping info (us). so i was pleasantly surprised to have the codex delivered to me end of day today."
hadn't received any pre-shipping info (uk). so i was pleasantly surprised to have the codex delivered to me today. book is gorgeous and can't wait to delve in. thanks!
i honestly feared my books arrived at the post office and the tracking number was never used! (it's happened before) usps updated that they are waiting on the package and now i am satisfied with waiting.
my books indeed arrived today and in pristine condition, packed with care. and damn are they nice -- the case stamp on the codex is a really nice touch. there are even words inside. backerfam, keep the faith. thanks bwhq team!
wheelsworn, we have undertaken this great task together, with the purpose to bring the great work into the world: without you we are nothing, but without us you receive nothing. we are bound in this way. the great cave troll markham and his cohorts work tirelessly to speed the treasure along it’s path. it has become a greater effort than even we imagined. thus we thank you for your forbearance in this matter. even now, summoning the last of their immense strength, the trolls put the final packages to flight and wing them on their way. now, if you’ll excuse me, there’s work to be done. nathan, black duke of the wheel.
i got my books today! thanks, bwhq!
i dreamt the approach of a great storm. the walls shook with its power, and the roof could not deny it. leaking water pooled, then rose, as if my room sank into an ocean. i could not move, even as the cold water rose, even as it engulfed my ears and muted the fury of the storm. when the water reached my mouth and nose i awoke, gasping, covered with sweat. hey, also got a usps update that this much-appreciated parcel is out for delivery today, so that was cool.
luke, ok, your schtick for communicating with backers has been fun so far, but for a kickstarter employee to take that tone with backers on their personal project goes too far. i am going to contact kickstarter about this.
received my copies on friday, can't wait to dive into these gorgeous objects!
silence.  all of you.  it is as if you were burning in the lake of fire—while all you do is attend your keyboard. the truth is simple enough: you will wait; you shall receive your codex. that is all. mind your doubts and concerns yourself.
email says they are on the way.. woohoo!
https://twitter.com/burning_luke/status/769544447931588608 i'm sorry, luke; i just have terrible anxiety and i let it get to me when i still hadn't got an email. i should have known better i guess. keep up the good work and i'll try to keep the faith and not whine.
so, folks.  it took about 10 days for me to move from pre-shipping notice to shipped, and then the package arrived promptly. so, have patience folks its a small crew shipping thousands of items. i do warehouse shipping/receiving its a tedious process with only a handful of people.
i received mine three days ago. they are gorgeous, very well constructed, and were wrapped in a healthy layer of bubble wrap.
i am in receipt of two glorious tomes, borne to me by the cursus publicus.  it is indeed as you have said- they are of exceptional construction, filled to the brim with arcane knowledge.  i find myself... pleased.
i too received a tracking# and the status of "pre-shipmentinfo sent to usps."  that was 11 days ago. has it shipped yet? if not when will it actually ship?
got my books...they're wonderful! plenty of bubble wrap, so no damage. thanks guys!
i'm #1,430 and haven't heard anything yet.
pre shipping notice
i am echoing the same concerns as michael edmonds. two weeks and still no movement beyond a pretty shipping notice. i'm concerned.
my tracking number has said "pre-shipment info sent to usps" for two weeks. has it actually shipped yet?
should i be worried that i haven't received a tracking number yet?
only twelve days since i got my tracking number. i hope it ships soon.
mine is on the move and is scheduled for delivery tomorrow. it's only a state over, so could actually happen!
got mine last night (8/24). looks good! thanks!
received my books today. very cool!
book received today in texas! shipping notice was received on 8/11.
received the books today, 13 days after they sent the shipping notice. they promised august delivery and it happened. no complaints here.
i got my pre-shipment info from stamps.com two days ago, and am waiting for some movement. so far it hasn't budged.
not impressed at pace of shipping these things out. yes, it was a big project with 2109 backers, but these things have been trickling out for over a month; even accounting for time off at the weekend, i figure that the pace of things being shipped out must be less than 100 per working day (assuming 20 working days), otherwise everyone would have got their tracking info by now. (i, for one, have not). that is not a particularly good pace, especially given that the numbers involving particularly intricate shipments are very small; for the majority of backers it is surely a case of slipping the relevant books into a standard-sized box, applying a printed label, ticking the backer off on the checklist and then handing the labelled items over to the shipping company. i realise burning wheel is a small operation and andrew is working on his own here, but budgeting to get help with shipping would surely have been sensible.
so i have a tracking number from stamps.com but it says it was mailed on 08/15 and it's still not here and the trading says it has not even been shipped!
scratch that -- got tracking info (pre-shipment)  poor andy has been kept busy working in the mines! https://plus.google.com/u/0/+andyaction/posts/c6yvswnillh
hi, no tracking or package as of yet in nyc. -n
any news on whether overseas backers are even in the queue for shipment? any news *at all*?
got my pre-shipment info 11 days ago, and today it arrived at the origin facility. the wheel is in motion.
still no tracking or package in eastern pennsylvania. any clue on how many orders are left to ship luke/burning wheel?
@robyn. yeah i have a notice that says just the pre shipment info has been sent, but nothing else. it has been that way for awhile. i am hoping they come soon.
number 71 has made it to my home. similar to paul the customs man charged me taxes despite the declaration being a book.
any news on whether the overseas backers are getting theirs any time soon?
robyn, yup. i believe they are running the shipments in batches so they are getting labels set before packing them and shipping them out.
has anyone else had the package notice sent out but just seen that the pre shipment information has been sent to usps and that's it?
no email or package thusfar...
received notice of a package being shipped on 8/11, but no movement on that tracking number yet. hopefully soon!
my copy arrived yesterday in ontario, canada. it's a beautiful book, and has made for some great reading so far.
got my copy today! very minor cosmetic damage along the rearward side of the spine towards the bottom as well as the bottom rear corner of the spine. nothing to be concerned about and not a complaint, just an observation of some shipping damage. now to crack the cover and only come up when the sun sets...
california backer. got my shipping notice and tracking number on the 26th. there is still no package attached to that tracking number and it has not arrived yet.
@daniel martini i got the same the same day, i'm going to assume they are doing them in big batches. there's probably a shipping label made up electronically, now when it gets physically boxed and handed over to usps who knows. can't wait though.
got my book on tuesday and man, this book is gorgeous. haven't had a chance to read through it all yet but the initial impression has been great.
got an email saying andrew markham is sending something on the 2nd. ten days later and still no updates aside from usps saying "pre-shipment info sent to usps ". a bit worried that my order may have gotten messed up.
just got my tracking number. california backer.
i got my copy yesterday...funny thing is that my shipping number was never active. it /still/ says that it hasn't actually shipped yet.
@matt, i haven't received a shipping notification yet either. luke mentioned on the bw forums that their fulfillment capacity was around 100 orders a day, with signed copies going out first and (unsigned) international going out last. with ~2,000 backers, we're looking at 20 business days of fulfillment of which we're on the 13th (assuming gencon didn't impact this). so my guess is that everything will be shipped within the next two weeks, with arrival coming 3-8 days after that for us backers.
hey folks.  haven't received my books either.  any idea what's up?
has new york fulfillment finished yet? every backer i know in the five boroughs has received their books except me. trying to figure out if there was a delivery problem or if it's just yet to arrive.
my copy arrived (in california) today. i received a 7/21 "pre-shipment" notification. it actually shipping out on 8/5, and arrived for 8/8.
no shipping notice here yet, but i did see them at gen con. hoping to see the books here in texas soon.
books received and they look lovely :) turns out bwhq did indeed list them as books on the customs declaration (a thousand apologies for doubting you!) so next action is to attempt a claim with customs...
well, i can confirm that the danish customs knew it was books, and i'm gonna pay £17 just in ""service fees" # before the actual vat, so consider yourself lucky.. punk! ;-)
i'm in the uk and yesterday received a customs/vat charge letter for £22! i assumed the books would be sent described as, well, "books" and therefore be exempt from uk vat. can bwhq confirm what was written on the customs declaration?
all, we have to remember that burning wheel is a very small operation. i'm guessing that they're pre-printing the labels in chunks. then they're preparing and sending out the fulfillment in similar chunks. they have over two thousand pledges to attend to, with only a handful of people to mail them out. there's also gencon to contend with. i've never been screwed over by bwhq or their kickstarter campaigns in the past through many years, and i don't think that's going to change now. patience.
i received a similar message on july 26th. so far there has been no further update.
i just received a message from usps saying that markham is trying to send me something and it's in the pre-shipping step. so i believe it may just be taking some extra time.
still no message from markham the cave troll.
i also don't have not received a shipping notification, nor are the books in my possession. is the shipping process just taking a long time, or should i be concerned at this point?
the wheelwrights are tasked with sending over two thousand such imps: no trivial task! my teeth are set, my loins girded. patience is a bitter pill, but i know my reward shall glitter and shine.
still no shipping info for me either. darn i was hopeful to have it soon since i am off this upcoming week.
no messages from the imps. midwest.
i too have not received any shipping notice
no tracking info or book either (also central us)
no tracking info here either (i'm in central usa).
@phillip mcgregor no news from argentina either. hoping to see andrew's email soon!
have the copies to overseas backers been sent yet? many of the posts below refer to receiving tracking numbers and/or emails confirming shipping ... but i have not received either. i know australia is the a**e end of the universe but some information would be nice!
the spine has a bit of a crease, possibly from being crushed against the box, and some scuffing on the cover, but it's here along with the core book and i'm happy to have them in my hands.
codex and 5th edition look great, thanks for all the hard work that allowed those out of print texts to be released into the wild again.
brendan - i think this happens when they print the shipping label but haven't actually sent it.  i had a tracking number for about 10 days before i saw any activity on the tracking website.  i'd advise patience.
i'm confused, i have a tracking number but nothing was sent. am i not getting my book because i didn't sign a pretend imp's wizard book? that seems beyond juvenile.
so beautiful! thank you luke and everyone at bwhq
what is this strange parcel on the threshold of my keep? could it contain tomes of arcane learning? codices of fire and wizardry to imprint upon my wits? lo it does! safely delivered, as if by giant avians and the servants of some great empire clad all in blue, after a long journey from the mysterious "staten island", to this odd place, this al-a-meda.
i received an email with tracking information saying it would have 3 day shipping a week ago, but i haven't received it or any updates on it's shipping since.
they used usps for mine, shipped from ny
does anyone know what service are these shipping from and what is the location they are being sent from.
got my book yesterday.  it's about the same size as gold.  as someone who never found the adventure burner i'm glad to have this material.
@bruce gray: burning wheel gold is books 1 and 2. i'm fairly sure there was a new print run of it as part of this kickstarter.
got my codex today!  happy day! now, is there a chance we might see another printing of book 1 and book two (since the codex plainly say "book 3" on the bottom of the spine)?
still no imps... patiently waiting.
got my wonderful tome of knowledge today! (boston, usa) beautiful book! congrats, team!
lot of angry people in this kickstarter, it seems. bwhq is perfectly capable of making great pdfs, they do it for the torchbearer line, for instance, and there are plenty of burning wheel resources available in pdf format. the burning wheel rpg is luke's baby, and for whatever reasons he has decided not to release in pdf any main part of it. this is not new; it's been well known for years. also, while i can see that the in-character nature of his postings can be annoying to some, it's also not unusual. it's his game and world, he can do as he sees fit. nobody forced anyone to click the "pledge" button, not even a little. if you don't like what he sells, or how he sells it, the solution was clear. side note: not unique to here, but i find it amusing when somebody says that a rpg they bought and paid for will sit on a shelf and not get used. as if that act of defiance will somehow reverse the transaction and stick it to the developer as a lesson.
well, i'm glad that the book is shipping. i am still sad that there is no pdf version. i find it truly bizarre that every-single-other rpg that is kickstarted (and i have backed several) has somehow managed to struggle with the complexities of producing an electronic version of a text which undoubtedly was required to print the paper version. apart from the language barrier the creator seems compelled to create, his eschewing of technological innovations embraced by virtually every publisher extant seems positively luddite. i can't imagine he made his own paper, nor hand wrote the entire thing for someone else to transcribe. though he did almost create his own language i suppose :). sort of like walking into the wrong camp at pennsic. of course it could be the start of a trend: larp throughout life. anyway, the book will have a place on my shelf next to bwg, but i think i'll be disinclined to actually use it. though he does have some good ideas i find the format too inconvenient i fear. i may try using the dark eye, it looks tasty, and has electronic goodies to boot.
mine says it will be here tomorrow. :-)
i got a couple of emails. first one was because the application they were using (not sure if it was directly from the usps website) didn't recognized my address. second email was a tracking number.
so i am very late to this party but just realized i backed this but have no idea where i logged my shipping information. any help?
just got a shipping notice from andrew but it had two postal codes on it. i am afraid this won't make it to my place. anyone else is having this problem?
@andrew if it makes you feel any better i just checked on the tracking number and all it indicates is that they printed a shipping label (i.e. pre-shipment info sent to usps).  not sure when it will actually ship.
@hector great, now you have me compulsively check my email.
got an email that andrew markham has sent me a package.  googling indicates that this guy does shipping for burning wheel.
i got my survey e-mail on june 2nd. might want to check your spam folder.
i am really aggravated with this kick starter. no emails or messages for survey questions, no update in a month, apparently there was a post to get your signature in the book but no notifications that this was happening.
has anyone else received heralds of incoming imps bearing divine cargo? for such has reached mine ears. :-)
as long as you filled out the survey there's nothing to worry about. people are reading too much into these updates (though it would be nice if luke would break character at least once to calm everyone down).
i'm not super upset that i won't get my name in the book, but this has been the most nerve-racking kickstarter i've ever contributed to. i'm not trying to be a downer, but i get some pretty acute pangs of anxiety when reading these updates. i was trying so hard not to miss something important, and it looks like i have. at least kickstarter sent me the email confirmation with my shipping address so i know that's taken care of. i guess it just sort of feels like we are being made fun of, and that's hurtful. i'm not sure what it means that an imp will not bring me a package? does that mean we are not being sent the books if we didn't reply to the message the other day? i'm really confused. i just want to make sure if i'm still receiving my copy of the book is all. i've got a spot here for it next to my burning wheel gold and mouseguard books.
the book is closed. no signatures shall it further accept. were you too late to sign, then bereft you shall be for no imp shall be dispatched to your domicile bearing package precious. for those who didst enumerate and sign, soon the divine cargo wings its way to you. patience, i pray. and for those who buck, bridle and bray: take care lest i abjure thee. no guarantee was proffered in our exchange. you attend this ritual as a privilege, and at my discretion. to break concentration with your pleating threatens the sanctity of us all. so silence. or risk banishment.
thanks for the update luke! i am moving in a week so that reminded me to come on here and change my shipping address!
please, please, please, stop with the gibberish. it's infuriating when we're looking for relevant information and have to decipher what these "updates" have to say. you are not playing the game, you are relaying product and progress updates to backers/customers. be clear. i think that the latest update is a reminder to fill out the survey but i'm definitely not positive on that and that is a big problem. if you're going to write them like this, at least put the modern english translation at the bottom of the update. you are hurting future funding by doing this.
i just got my reminder email to confirm the address i used to fill in the survey. it states that we have 2 days to fix the address.
surveys went out late in may, i signed mine in early june. to check: * here on ks, go to "backed projects" via you top-left link above * find bw codex on the list of backed projects * click on the title "the burning wheel codex" * a window shoudl open with three options - "reward", "survey", and "messages" * click on "survey"
sorry but i'm confused by the latest update. are we getting a survey??
with all that gibberish i don't even know if i got a survey...
would it be troubling to ask that my two tomes be given different personal marks? i saw a vision that one would be warmly received by my own master of games, to whom i am indebted, but i'd not wish to irk the scribe for so trivial a matter.
oddly i'm told that my codex will be shipped to france.......... please, please, please don't send my codex to france! i live in the uk, and have done so for the last three years. have you seen what's happening in france? they'll just throw my codex on to a barricade and set fire to it........ all in a good cause no doubt, but i'd much rather it got sent to me in the uk.
getting excited...it feels like the release is getting closer and closer....
for the record, it's fine if that's the case, i just want to know, really.
awrighty, so, somehow i was beyond incompetent and selected the bwg and not the codex as my pledge reward. is there a way i can fix this, or is it too late for me? will i simply have to purchase the codex post-release?
insolent cur! present yourself boldly with raised brow and hardened mien. only then will you be acknowledged by the scribe...
your humble servant and bootlick ask'th most humbly for an update on thy labors.  just a morsel, i beg.
(at the wedding of mutual friends last week, i recommended paloma start with dungeon world. now that burning wheel's publishing dungeon world, that's a good start, right?)
thank you
allan prewett - https://www.burningwheel.com/wiki/index.php…
i'm curious- will you be revisiting/expanding the "roles of magic" section from the magic burner? i felt like what was there was very well put together, but would benefit from discussing some of the other roles of magical heroes- particularly those for whom magic is important, but not central, to their character.
not sure if anybody is still around but; i have a spare, call it near mint condition copy of adventure burner. its in darwin australia. also, i just noticed on the faq that gold has been reprinted 4 times with minor errata fixed. my players and self, have first print books, is there a published errata, so that i can fix any minor scribblings? thanks
luke, i sent you a ks message a couple of weeks ago about the reward tier i picked.  have you had a chance to look at it? thanks so much!
awesome!  i love that new burning wheel things are coming.  kickstart us the whole collection of out of print books, we'll snap them up. thanks again for your creativity and inspirational design.
great, great, great...and..great..again... good job..
did the happy dance today. good job, bwhq!
given the success, any chance the spider rules will be returned to the codex? they are pretty awesome in the original form. someone had to ask! congrats on the funding... ...and also in getting the dungeon world connection, another great rpg.
congratulations, luke!  another successful kickstarter!
it seems we have slaked your thirst at last.
tread lightly, magus.
well, at least people will be happy that you answered in plain english!  :)  thanks, luke.
no.
i'd still like to know if we can add a book without losing a signed copy.
is the burning wheel gold book going to look any different than the one i currently own? the last update said something about linen cover stock for both books, what would this mean exactly? debating upping to the $50
hark!  the end is nigh!
i am quite new to the world of burning wheel, but i am excited to dive into it for the first time! can't wait for my bw codex and bwg!
miracles happen!
or at least that is my assumption.  maybe he really is going to fill bwhq with piles of gold, wrap himself in the new bw hoodie and sleep the sleep of great dragons everywhere.
paul...every bit of it is going into making a nicer book. so much so that the retail price going forward will actually have to go up from $25 to $35 for bot bwg and bw codex
nice. result. i forgot i'd backed this and it was finishing the same week i finally had enough cash to get the hm 5th ed gmg! whole rpg budget for 2016 gone in a couple of days! looking forward to seeing the finished article. what were the stretch goals, or are you just sitting smaug-like on a pile of gold laughing maniacally?
i exist to serve. ask of me what you will.
i burn!
there is only one real path, the river of fire. everything else is an illusion.
flee! flee for your lives! faith's iron fist has struck!
hark! the wizard speaks on subjects dear to me. and now i know that i must engage a scoundrel to assist me in dark subterfuge. a name, a face, and coins he doth posses, but in truth he is but a mere shade, a fiction of deep magiks. on my behalf this simulacrum shall make a wizard-offering, separate from mine own, and in the dark of night convey to me his bundle of ward-less books to compliment the warded ones i receive in the bright light of day. let us speak not again of such deals and instead toast to what has been achieved these fortnights past.
fraser,  i consulted the sacred list of names on your behalf. the list keeper didst say unto me that your soul is pledged for an ink-stained, unblotted grimoire, numbered in the holiest and most precious ranks.
evil (we do enjoy the ring of your name), you cannot factor the cost of transoceanic shipping for an additional grimoire. you think it is a mathematical simplicity. it is not, it is a philosophical conundrum. how many angels fit on the head of a pin? i know not. neither can i factor the shipping costs for five books. again, i repeat with dry tongue and scorched throat: throw your silver coins where you like, but i can make no promises as to what use we'll put your excess.
@luke: so when - on top of my 4 book reward level - i add not only the price of one book but also the price of transoceanic shipment for one book, i should receive this book together with the other four but give up hope for any discount of shipping costs? i think that's fine with me.
what the heck...on the ios app for kickstarter it says i wasn't quick enough for the signed copies and i'm at the 25$ level. when i sign in on chrome and take a look, it shows me at 30$ signed copy level... wha..
you could make another account and pledge again if you really really wanted it..would kind of suck to do a separate order for just one more book on top of 4 plus shipping.
luke, i finally got into the pool for a signed codex but is like to get a copy of gold as well. i'm not willing to give up the signed copy, so is there any way to add a book?
i can make no guarantees as to what will be done with extra coin added on top of our small requests for funds. however, after speaking to our factor, i can say that more than four books puts in jeopardy the status of any transoceanic shipment.
evil knivel, there's a pledge level for 4 books at 100usd. 4 of whichever you want.
backed, for the codex and the urtext - any more information on construction, from update #11: "indeed, the sigils speak true. in addition to all that we have written, there is more: linen cover stock for all! this treasured fabric shall delight the very whorls of your fingertips. yes, tis true, said fabric is priced dear, but my friends we spare no expense for you." i know the precious edition of the urtext, bwg (4th printing?), was fantastically constructed, even to the point of winning an award for the quality of its paper (i do believe.).  will this be similar, but a step beyond, even, as indicated by the linen cover stock?  any more information on said stock? i'm not sure if i've ever traced it's works with mine tips of fingers.
help! i want to order 5 of the books. how can i manage this? i can only choose one reward level to a maximum of 4 books. should i just add the additional coin to account for the additional book and its shipping? will my intention then be understood?
higher! higher! come on you sons of fire! daughters of the black moon, practitioners of art most dire dance! dance! in twisting, white-eyed trance, let us praise the flowering darkness burst forth across the land of nod ye wicked ones, ye who wear the mark and hold the keys, come now, let us worship, at the womb of blasphemies —watain, /lawless darkness/ reaping death
a respectful and considerate comment.
yeah.. that's not written in an update. i'm sure it was written in comments or twitter or something but unless you're checking those out often enough for a clue, instead of assuming it would be included in an update. that's not an update, if you want the signed copies to only go to people constantly checking them, sure. fair? sure? annoying, yep. luckily this is a great game with solid mechanics that i'd still love to play, despite the unfortunate proclivity for some of the backers to think a clever turn of phrase in keeping with a theme should replace the proper use of english. language, for the most part, evolved for a reason. don't be afraid to use it to articulate yourself instead of being a twat with some old english, champ.
one hundred thousand silvers!
my linguistic quibbling aside, let's hit 100k!
when asketh thee the wisdom of the wheel, the eager supplicant looks far and near. "unfairly treated" sounds the way you feel; disciples found the information here: "burn sage to cleanse the spirits full of sin. wash hands in water gone untouched by man. burn tallow black for smoke - do not draw in! commit thyself to following this plan." "the doomsday clock will tick to five or three. then, activate thy infernal machine. nineteen by two by two and on, you'll see." on january eighth, this we did glean. apologies to those run out of time, and doubly to the readers of this rhyme.
and that was posted in which update exactly barry?
a watchful wizard to apprentice speaks, "mind you the ritual at five and three, if signatory promises you seek, as five by four by five is the decree." "and bring you extra coin for what you wish," exasperated wizard tells his charge, "or you could place yourself into a dish, as summoned creatures' appetites are large." "the timing of this ritual's severe," apprentice ground his teeth and rubbed his brow, "details subtle and my attention mere!" he thought of things like when, and why, and how. alas, apprentice left without a mark, the ritual, once blazing, has gone dark.
thou art on thy own, son of atkin. in this discussion of the elite magarchy, one speak'st as initiated into the inner atrium, or one uttereth pedestrian syllables. our guide shall issue his pronouncements as is his wont, and we shall sway him from his course not at all. https://twitter.com/burning_luke/status/684799122872860672
fuuuu. it'd be sweet if there was prior knowledge of pledge tiers opening up again. was upgrading to signed and it said i did it but then loaded again at the lower tier with it full. garbage
er, "who" else is with me?
yes, mr. love, i am serious, seriously fan of bw.  i love the fact that luke has put his heart and soul into this game.  and i will gladly support this game, both for the old guard and hopefully for the new.  i just don't think that a request for straight talk on kickstarter is too much to ask.  this said,  i have translated the fact that luke just incurred a resources tax.  so, to prove my good will, i will up my pledge voluntarily $10 to prove my good will.  all i kindly ask is, in the words of one of my favorite peter gabriel songs, "come on, come talk to me".  how else is with me?
thanks for the work on addressing shipping costs, luke. much appreciated! and keep writing updates however you damned well please. i personally love it that the guy who runs the games section of kickstarter ignores "best practice" most the time for his own projects.
you guys are so serious! have fun with it! join in the joy that luke is obviously putting in to this project. you don't have to be a dedicated fan of bw to like this stuff. just have fun with it.
the language is not too tough to parse, minor inconvenience, its just majorly annoying.  as a dedicated crane fan and owner every edition of bw (including supplements), i just find this recent decent in verbosity unnecessary, and the stubbornness in not using a lingua franca, kinda disrespectful to both loyal fans and potential new ones. but in the end, it’s his game.  not completely value-additive in my book, but i will continue to respect the man and his work despite the attempt to get a practice check for obfuscate.
i guess i don't get why you would support the project in the first place if you hate the way it is run and don't care much for the author.
thank you, luke.  i finally got my signed copy.  i expect it in blood, of course.
there's nothing particularly creative about owning and abusing a thesaurus, though. it's obviously appealing to some people, though. it keeps coming up because it is a problem. it makes this kickstarter needlessly difficult to follow, and makes the game harder to learn. elitist notions of a "limited audience" aside, it contributes nothing for backers who are supporting the game in spite of the author. that's not likely to change, but is a pain english tl;dr too much to ask for in updates?
@zanshi: i think our overlord has made it quite clear that he would rather have 200 backers who enjoy and buy into the particular style this kickstarter has been conducted in than 2000 who'd only be wooed with plainer language. burning wheel has literally always been a project where the creative vision has been king, and where luke has been absolutely fine with making decisions that reduce its potential readership if that is what the vision demands. (the lack of pdfs is a case in point.) i'm with michael hansen on this: luke is going to follow the course he has charted on this, and if that bugs people, they don't need to back him.
the last update mentions an update to burning sands!!!!
surely, you must have realised by now that the creator has no interest in changing either the format of the book or the way this kickstarter is being run, especially this late in the game, no matter how vocal people get here in the comments. since there's no way of swaying him (or so i surmise) why keep bringing it up? my question is an honest one, although it might be read as confrontational, which is not my intention.
i get that he's having fun writing "in character" as some painfully obtuse wizard, but that gag wore out a while ago. now it's just coming across as disrespectful.
stubborn and unyielding to clarity of meaning. the purpose of written language is the transmission of concepts  in a concise and meaningful manner, unless one happens to be abdul alhazred. in this context i find the use to be staggeringly appropriate. though your definition will do almost as well, as it is entirely accurate. despite that, i find your mechanics to be interesting. though i can't currently convince myself that any of my friends would ever consider using it for a campaign i can at least harvest it for ideas. you do have some good ideas. you merely evidence no interest in distributing them in a manner conducive to casual use and the campaign is designed to elicit interest (apparently) from the already converted. kind of like a missionary staying home and preaching the gospel to his own family. as for language too tough to parse... dude! get a grip. the man is shilling a textbook for a game, not composing sonnets or writing haiku. commercials for products that customers (the people who spend money on products) don't ultimately understand don't sell their product. wouldn't it have been far nicer, presumably, for there to have been two thousand backers rather than two hundred? or is this a niche of a niche wherein the appeal is to gamers who are inordinately fond of excessively obtuse linguistic affectations? i'll leave you with one final thought: halibut is a fish.
consider this a vote for keeping the thematic and delightfully obtuse linguistic stylings identic to prior scrawlings by the glorious originators. quite frankly, if you think this language is too tough to parse, gods help you with the texts of the tomes to come, i dare suspect.
another vote for speaking common vernacular.
as in, the table of contents shown in one of the updates.
shervyn von hoerl - oh yeah, i remember that now. my confusion comes from the dark elf life paths now showing up in the table of contents before.
@frederick - the path of spite is the dark elf lifepaths and it's already in the codex according to the table of contents that luke posted a couple of updates ago. @nicholas - i don't think that any of the material in the codex will be incorporated into bwg with the fifth printing. they have said that each edition of bwg is simply updated to fix typos and add clarity if needed. not to change the info therein in any material way.
just upgraded my pledge to include bw gold (which i already own), after seeing that this printing will be clothbound. the shipping to australia is making me wince, though. $48 for two books is extremely steep. does it really cost twice as much to send two books as it does to send one?
holder of the wheel, i beseech you for a query on this late, winter afternoon. will doth path of life for the elves of the dark be housed within the newest incarnation of the wheel or will it reside forever in the codex?
the miser sat in his cold room, slowly counting the coins. ...58, 59, 60 silver again moved from hand to purse. studiously he checked the wizard's cryptic letter again and again, searching for a glimmer of hope. yes, two tomes, one gold and one blue, each inscribed with a sacred ward by the wizard's own hand for the sum of 60 coin. this much was clear. but no! no clues as to what would become of additional offerings. while the miser requires tomes with sacred wards on them, his table servants have no need for such protections, heathens that they are. shuffling back to a small metal lockbox, the miser wondered, what would become if one were to place 100 silver in the envelope and burn it as commanded in three days time? would the wizard's men come with four tomes, two inscribed with wards and two without such? would 110 silver satisfy the wizard's masters? 120? or will the extra coin be grabbed up by that nasty sleeve-imp with nothing to show for it? another fitful night of sleep ahead with no answers in sight, the miser doused a lone candle.
sorted. signed copy of both at the last minute.
i just upped my pledge in hopes of unlocking the dark elf lifepaths, i hope 88k was a line in the sand somewhere.
magister benson, look again.
luke, when you said 5 or 3 we assumed that would mean "days remaining" when you offered additional signed copies.  5 and 3 have now passed and still no books.  we translated your words incorrectly, it seems.  have you more clues you can pass along?  time grows short.
glad for the clarification on the last update, because i had no idea what the hell it meant.
obdurate means stubborn or unyielding. one might call a boulder an obdurate obstacle. perhaps you meant to say obtuse or obfuscatory text.
point the first: i am glad that the fifth printing of bwg is offered on this pledge, i redid my pledge, previously reduced because the general tone had suggested no improvements previously. point the second: were i to encounter a group of individuals 'role playing' to the degree intimated by the text i'm afraid i'd back away slowly, endeavoring not to draw their attention. it is the same reason i don't read books written in dialect. it is like watching a bunch of larpers rumbling with a kingdom from the sca in the parking lot of a shakespeare festival.  lc does a fairly good job of communication, considering that he's hobbling himself with a surfeit of overblown language, i'm just happy that the books aren't written in such an obdurate manner. point the third: i'm puzzled at the dismissive attitude expressed towards electronic formats by not just lc, but several others here. i have three bookcases (cases, not shelves) filled with rpg manuals. not to mention the shelf just behind me filled with the texts i'm harvesting for ideas to incorporate into ore's reign. i have piles of electronic versions too, guess how much space they take up? now virtually all of them, save for bwg and a savage worlds companion and legend (which are digest format) are basically the same size and shape and fit nicely together on my shelves. you know what doesn't? bwg. not only no electronic version, but shaped like a novel, rather than the text book that it is. and just as an aside, shipping is attached along with the pledge, $6 per volume so far.
fidgeting and counting their coin with calloused hands, gentry and peasant alike shiver when the shadow of the taxman darkens their doorstep. stuttering, stammering, meekly protesting. the shadow passes, and nervous laughter erupts - too loud, too reassuring. be still, my friends, be at ease.
you who have pledged, do not increase anything. do not instruct me to do anything. all who pledge here and now are the last generation. you shall receive your grimoires at $25. and then…no more. the price shall increase only after our ritual is done.
@brian luke commented in the update that this only affects the retail price and not the kickstarter.
cooooooolllllllllllll ok so to be clear do we need to increase our pledge/payment to get the book? fun language is fun until it is super fucking confusing.  mayhap thou shall  cast upon the very battlements a glowing rune of exactly what you are trying to say for people who have supported this.
the mad merchant of horrors howled, chittering, chattering to the mice and miscreants. "the spiders, the spiders..." his smile absent of teeth, his mind absent of peace, "i hear naught of them, their skittering, their snipping and snapping... are they gone? have they ceased? or perhaps they simply lurk deeper in the depths of this great and horrible tome?" a scream, a squeak, then a chortling descent into silence.
ah yes, truly we are plagued by devils. as we predicted, it was a trap! no draught of feeblemindedness was drunk, twas the demon alone who wrought havoc. showing us a fantasy of properly assessed drayage costs, like a banquet before our eyes, it did remove all the dishes once we bent to take a bite! dreadful creature. invoking the names of azazel and her wings of twelve, we have burned sage in the corners of the tower to drive out the evil spirits. and they are gone. those who pledged their coin have had their pledge returned to them, but may, should they so choose, pledge again.
the haruspex spoke true: a new edition of gold.  may the pdf-ilistines tremble before its corporeality.
shipping fees are inexistant for this demonic deal. the oblivion demon did forget to add them ?
in the night, while i slept, a daemon took form similar to mine own. this daemon, with queer intent, added to this project a reward worth 100 clinking silver coins. for said price (not thy soul, but thy coin), your worthiness shall receive four of our books in any configuration you so desire. thus shipping becomes a burden which you can share. seems a trap to be sure. a demonic deal too good to be true. raise they wards and select this tier with all caution.
i am also enjoying this whole campaign. the fact that luke is role-playing the campaign is gold, burning wheel gold!
thank you, mr. crane. you are a gentleman and a scholar. though, i had noticed the update to the faq though upon your first reply. my thanks and enthusiasm were genuine. :)
loki, to answer your question below: yes, only newly minted gold for you.
i know some have complained about the language ad esoteric nature of the script, but i'd like to say that i'm enjoying the hell out of this campaign. it's flavorful beyond belief and a ton of fun. also, i enjoy throwing money your way in gratitude for the incredible fun you've brought to my gaming table over the years, let alone the awesome products you and your team regularly unleash upon us.
the economics of sorcery are complex and precarious. thus i can promise only one thing, should extra coins be placed on the table, the imp that lives in my sleeve shall snatch them away in a trice. and for that, i can promise no reward.
luke, if we are pledging at the $50 level, or any other level that includes a codex and bwg, are we getting the 5th printing of gold? or is it something we will have to buy from the store at a later date?
if i pledge 100 do i get two copies of each book?
hey luke. i'm very much looking forward to read both books. i find the system very intriguing. from what i understand, the old monster burner had a lot of chapters on customization, that have been cut from this great book. i find that's a shame (unless you are thinking about making a separate book or pdf for that) as giving gm's the tools they need to tailor their game really help a game's longevity.
there is no possible justification for the burning wheel.
i'm curious, are there going to be enough changes/updates to this printing of gold to justify buying a new one?
in her dark, lonely lair, shelob awaits. "they already know the power of greed, grief and hatred." "but they know nothing about fear." "because they never heard about the the way of eight." "yet." and, while weaving her web of sin, she remembers ungoliant's last word: "soon."
sibilant whispers, a susurrus in the dark, "yes." a clatter. a curse. a lamenting wail.
in the depth of the black forest of the old continent, the dead baron whispers his tale, and his nebulous voice, now forever silenced but echoing eternal, is carried across weathered treetops and choppy waters. i awake from dreams as old as the breathing of the earth, his words and secrets already a distant memory. three lifetimes of laughter, love and grief spend among the fair folk is discarded with the blink of my heavy lid. my gaping mouth forms a silent scream, my one eye twisting the rest of my head to look upon the shadowy cupboard of things lost to this world, both living and inanimate, as well as my soul’s keeper. the tome rests inside, centuries of dust clinging to its once-gilded surface, as well as the shrunken remains of my right eye that dared gaze at the letters inside. plucked from my skull, i remain ignorant of the writhing horror that is the author’s mind. but for too long have i slumbered, and the time has come to forego sleep forevermore and  to risk my other eye…
and when i thought the stars where never in my favour...a lonesome courier brings me a package wrapped carefully to avoid the stealing gazes of mere mortals. inside was a copy of that unfathomable tome made and bound with gold. as i began to read it, i thought to myself: "impossible, how could i have missed this? is there more? there must be more!". how the stars aligned themselves, as though a prophetic sign for me to continue my descend into the fires of the burning wheel. i was heralded of the coming deity that is known as the codex, and i am more than ready. however i find myself now pleading, begging the gods to include more and more materials within the enlightening glow of the codex. i have heard them say it, at night, i know i did...funded. funded beyond capacity! now my prayers must come true! more, oh please more! awaken the arachnids, deal cards of wit and combat similar to the kin of the guard of mice! more gods, feed us more! i need-...i....i am glutinous...i am...forever hungry...how surprising, greed didn't take me, grief neither...but gluttony. - mad ravings of a dead man
five is right out
gencon 2015 - i approach luke crane at his booth and ask him if he plans on updating the monster burner or magic burner to the new rules of burning wheel gold. he looks deep into my eyes and says "no". i was lied to by one of my favorite rpg developers, and i couldn't be happier.
i'm going to attempt what i fear will be yet another vain plea for acrobat companion files. every other rpg i've kickstarted, indeed every one i've seen on offer on ks has offered pdf files in addition to hardcopy or as the sole product. considering it requires some sort of electronic file format to provide the information to a printer it seems inconcieveable that an electronic version could not be provided. i'd be willing to pay more.
i love the updated faq!
it's bothering me that the space stations go 3, 4, 6. i guess 5 is covered by the bwg cover, but it's still like looking at a cake sliced wrong.
mr. krok, such tomes are not for the faint of heart. madness lurks! dare you embrace it? https://www.burningwheel.com/store/index.php/twilight-in-the-duchy-verdorben.html
mr. crane would you be kind enough to include a few pdf's of adventures with the rewards?  it would really help those gm's just learning the system. thank you
i wonder whether a trio of imps still whisper, sob and rant in the dark labyrinth of the author's mind.
russ nicholson joins our war effort! that's wonderful news! i'm so happy i'm tempted to forgive the giant spiders' omission. just tempted. but i'm sure our benevolent overlord is just messing with us and he will put shelob & co. in the last update.
sorry for the typos.
brandon, the products developed and published by bwhq has always been of the very highest quality (both physical product and game systems). the system is crunchy and amazingly flexible. so there if you like burning wheel and play it, this will give you additional information and options. if you don't play it but what to explore, then i strongly suggest you get down to your flgs and grab a copy of the core book. the codex will be available after the ks and you can look at it then.
what risk are you talking about, brandon? the system isn't new. the material is out there, if you're inclined to do a little research and read a couple of reviews.
as interesting as this system looks i'm pulling my pledge.  a campaign that can't give straight answers or be open with communication is too much of a risk.
any new updates oh dark master?
ah, perhaps the clock refers to the number of days left in the kickstarter. 5 or 3 days remaining.
@stefan est is 3 hours ahead of pst so its 5 est/2 pst
david, i assume the same writing style as burning wheel gold.
i get the cryptic description and comments, but safe to assume the codex will be written in plain, easy to understand regular ole english?
david benson, i'm from uk, but isn't 5 est same as 3 pst? probably that's what the 5 or 3 stands for.
brother neophyte - behold this grim injunction: from our grand library to thine own halls, the restless cataclysm ticks for us all. but study closely the inscriptions of the master; lest these illuminated numerals be prime instruction for a meridian disaster.
is the apocalypse clock eastern standard time?  �
our thanks to you luke - with the ritual of smoke and flame completed, the pact is sealed, and now we wait. but the seneschal has little patience for our arcane incantations; deftly she has deprived some scoundrel of their ill-gotten prize. what then will become of the summoning, when yon apocalypse clock shows both 5 or 3?
luke, you are so cryptic.  i can't figure out the time that your hint refers to.  5 or 3?
if anyone is using burning wheel to play in the professor's world, and i hope people are, since it is not-so-secretly the greatest game ever published for playing 1st age, 2nd age, and probably also 3rd age epics, and they would like both game and theme appropriate six-siders... the official dice sold for that official game from some other company are not-so-secretly burning wheel ready. at least for black-shade. the 1, 2, and 3 faces bear black outlined numerals; 4, 5 and 6 black-filled numerals, and the 6 is marked with a tengwar lambe. thematic, plus it reminds you if the roll is open to do something. the only downside is that they don't come in many colors, which complicates passing around helping dice.
i wonder who got backer number 555
jean-françious, you disappoint me. heretofore you shall be banned from the necromantic laboratories until you have perfected a complete anatomical study of the human corpus in pen and ink. i suggest beginning your sketches in charcoal however, as it is a less expensive medium. and you must save pennies to hire your grave diggers for your future studies.
does update 3 means no death art ?
alex, truly you speak. somber are you words—but beautiful. allow me to instruct thee: burn sage to cleanse the place of evil spirits. wash thine hands in water pure, untouched by man or woman. burn a candle black, but do not imbibe the smoke. lie in wait when the number on yon ticking doomsday clock marks 5 or 3. activate your infernal machine, look into the gibbering font. and perhaps, should you be lucky, you shall see number 76.
when the sun's light rose upon this endeavour, there were 50 signed copies, split across two reward levels; none available. now, we see that there are three times that number; still, none available. must we instruct the seneschal to burn midnight's oil, and intercept those who would deprive our library of these integrant underwritten tomes? we fear for the knave she catches; the seneschal is most disagreeable when tired.
@scott - i rend my clothes and tear my hair in desperate jealousy!
behold.  backer prime.  look upon my riches and despair! https://www.dropbox.com/s/4462p3p0jeh27o8/screenshot%202016-01-08%2000.07.47.png…
awesome. thanks.
@anibal: you can see for yourself http://www.burningwheel.org/wiki/images/path_of_spite.pdf (via https://www.burningwheel.com/wiki/index.php…)
honest question: what makes the bw dark elves special?
not sure i'd trade playable giant spiders (which i've only seen in burning wheel) for updated dark elves (which are in like, everything, even if bw's take is cooler than most), but that's me.
@arthur b - i guess now would be as good a time as any to try to get a braille copy of bw from luke. that would be awesome, although i imagine layout is a pain.
@andrew brehaut - if you click your face in the upper right corner, click view all, and then click on the burning wheel codex, you can see your back number for this project. for example, here's what i see: backer number 416 / 1,169 total this post showing the backer report shows that the project creator can also see our back number: https://www.kickstarter.com/blog/better-tools-for-project-creators the work for luke and co. would be to order backers with signature level pledges and then assign a new sequential order number starting at 1 (or 10 or whatever, assuming they reserve the low numbers for their own purposes). that would probably take less than 5 minutes in a spreadsheet application. so yeah, it should be eminently doable and looking at the comments, it appears that luke has now confirmed that they will be numbered.
one little dissenting note on pdfs: please see this thread on rpg.net http://forum.rpg.net/showthread.php… the poster explains that they are completely blind, and wouldn't be able to read the burning wheel books unless they were able to obtain or produce ocr'd versions of them. (they could ocr them themselves from a printed copy in extremis, but as they point out that's a long, tricky process that throws up a lot of errors.) i entirely believe luke when he says that not providing pdfs is an entirely artistic decision, but that said it's not a consequence-free artistic decision, and in particular it is an artistic decision which has locked this sincere fan of luke's work out of enjoying burning wheel. and unlike, say, a digital portrait, which would be impossible to convey to a person who doesn't have any visual capabilities in any meaningful way, burning wheel *could* be conveyed to this reader if the right technical allowances were made - they've enjoyed burning empires on precisely that basis, for instance. this isn't a dealbreaker for me - i wouldn't be backing this if it were. but i'm not going to pretend i am a fan of this particular decision.
oh great, missed out on the increased batch of signed copies. can some advance notification be given if there are going to be any more signed copies of the codex available? or is the expectation i should be checking back at random times in the hopes more have been added?...i'd much prefer the former!
adding the paths of spite for dark elves.  now there is something i'd never thought we'd see an update for.  well played sir.
sweet upped my pledge for a signed copy of both books!
@luke rad. is numbering on bwg going to continue from where it was in its original preorder, or is this all new numbering for the core book?
seekers, forgive the brevity of the tiers of your rewards. please read the cypher in the signature: all signed copies have been and will ever be stamped, numbered, inscribed and signed.
ordinality, not originality. stupid autocorrect
@eden, i think colin is referring to a backers originality with respect to the project rather than their unique kickstarter-wide id?
@colin - ks has a backer # that we can each individually see. is that not provided automatically to the project creator?
@adrian george: if past history is any indication it'll be some combination of signed and stamped, personalized or not depending on how luke & co are doing their book tracking. numbered isn't possible due to ks not exposing that information.
200% of goal.  the fire burns, the flames rise, the wheel revolves.  it is illimitable, unquenchable, unstoppable and inevitable!
i'm curious if it's going to be personalized and stamped like my bwg is or just a simple signature.
woooo, more signed copies. not sure when that happened, but i managed to snag one.
and honestly given the nature of burning wheel, the hub and spokes which are available are all you really need for play. while it would be convenient to have the rest for casual reading as well, i can live with the dead tree version, which are beautiful works in themselves.
@colin fair enough. i assumed due to the licensed nature of some of those items that luke didn't have full control of sales avenues. also, i'm not whining about the pdfs, while i'd like them, i was just explaining the situation as i understood it, to those who didn't understand the policy.
i'm really inspired to go home and burn some characters right now!
one other note on the pdf question -- in the "beliefs and instincts" section of burningwheel.com, you'll find (among other things) the following statements: "we love our fans. we thrive on hearing about how you play, and talking with you about our games and games in general. that said, and this is a hard thing to say, we make games for us, not you. we hope our games will challenge and fascinate you, not cater to or coddle you." "we are unconcerned with popularity or convention and will sacrifice a great deal in service of a compelling idea. though it’s painful to admit, we accept that our games will likely never be popular with a broad audience." "we make physical books and goods. we understand that this comes at a price to the world at large. paper, glue and ink have externalities like labor, fuel, water and waste chemicals. while this doesn’t sit easily with us, we believe the benefits of printed matter compared with purely digital media outweigh these costs: archival quality, efficiency of use and clarity of presentation are primary considerations. also, we fucking love books." i'll also note (as a very pleased owner of burning wheel gold) that this really is a system that works dramatically better on paper than it would digitally. there's a lot of flipping back and forth involved in learning the system, exploring the character creation space, etc. but the depth and richness of the entire system makes it worthwhile.
@adrian george, @justin nelson: luke owns the rules text for burning empires, chris owns the art. along with the rules text that also includes publishing and distribution. afaik luke owns the rules text and the pdf rights to mouse guard (art is owned by david, name is owned by archaia). bwhq (and so, by extension, luke) owns torchbearer. in the past luke has been very up front about being totally cool with digital distribution for his games that aren't burning wheel. hell, burning sands has been available in pdf since day one. yes, luke could probably get additional market penetration for having a pdf version available. however, it is an artistic decision to provide a digital version or not, and luke has made a decision. if that's a deal breaker then don't pledge, if it isn't a deal breaker do. whinging about it isn't going to change stuff.
i know that others had influence over certain systems from an interesting encounter with luke. my wife met him at gencon and they had a conversation about bw. he asked her what her favorite system was and when she told him range and cover he did a lap (literally) around a few booths. that was his favorite system that he worked more personally on.
so you listed burning wheel hq games, but they aren't necessarily luke's game. torchbearer is thor's, mouse guard is probably controlled by a combination of david petersen and archaia, and burning empire is probably controlled by christopher moeller. the rest of the guys do editing and maybe development on burning wheel, but i'm pretty sure it's luke's baby.
so here is where i am on this. i have not been disappointed in a single bwhq product. i trust luke and the rest of the gang to do right by me. and even with shipping the books are cheaper than many mainstream rpg supplements/products by multiples. i would back at a higher level, if there were higher levels available to me. (hint, hint...)
i would buy that excuse had they not put torchbearer, burning empire, and mouseguard out as pdfs. ah well. no point in beating a dead horse. i am still stoked to see what ends up in the codex!
i don't think it's a font issue, because they released the hub and spokes of gold in pdf. it's a philosophical and moral issue. they tried a pdf before ages ago, and it was pirated super hardcore.
i have but one supplication to make as i kneel before the wheel. please include lifepath burning rules.
i backed this kickstarter and i'm here to complain.
could well be. i love the game either way and will certainly back, just makes it impossible to  get some of my online players on board as they will only purchase pdfs so they do not need to store books.
i wonder if the pdf issue is due to software failures to convert the document to pdf (hence the blank slate comment).  there could be any number of issues - but i'm guessing it's probably their font.
no pdfs. still backing. still resigned.
well according the faq at the bottom luke has officially said no pdf and no giant spiders. shame that such a great game cannot step into the 21st century and gain access to the thousands who would be willing to purchase it digitally. must be great to not need the money.
@nate then why can't they come out and simply state this.  not everyone is aware of the contents of the old books.  personally the only one i ever owned was the monster burner, i never managed to find the magic burner or adventure burner for sale in my country so never had access to them. vague ramblings about what might be in the book doesn't help people.  i've been part of enough kickstarters where what was delivered was not the same as what was stated that i'd prefer to get a solid list of expected content rather than wishy-washy statements about what may or may not appear in the text.  it's too easy for them to go back and say "well we never explicitly said x would be in the book" when we don't have something to go by. @ adrian "commentary on the urtext itself" sounds like a breakdown of why the core rules are designed in a certain way, not advice on running a burning wheel campaign, which is what i largely gathered the adventure burner to be.  if they do intend "commentary on the urtext" to mean "advice on running the burning wheel" then they need to be clearer when saying so, which is why i'd like to see what they intend to include written in plain english rather than obfuscated by flowery text.  if they instead mean "i'm going to waste 100 pages talking about why i chose to use a d6" then i wan't to know so i can make an informed choice as to whether i wish to keep my pledge.
i want to throw in my hat for the idea of a pdf.  it makes for much better playability when you can just print out a copy of characters' powers and abilities. also, is there any  way this could include a less combersome charater sheet? something that is only a couple of pages, like the torchbearer sheet. mainly i would like to see one where advancment from artha and test can easily be noted next to a single entry for skills.
@nate i would not be so confident that it will have everything in the monster and magic burners. the wording of the pitch seems to say little about the mechanisms for creating your own lps, skills and traits, rather it seems to hint that the book will be one of lists and possibly the commentary from the adventure burner. i really hope the codex has all the systems and content that people are craving from the old supplements which are nigh on impossible to get new or for a second hand price that is lower than ridiculous. full disclosure i have still backed this project.
@allan as mentioned in the faq (and the campaign text), this is more or less the updated monster burner (minus great spiders q_q), magic burner, and adventure burner. monster burner is roden, troll, and great wolves lifepaths, as well as traits, skills and commentary/rules on how to roll your won. magic burner is a bunch of other ways of doing magic, commentary/rules on how to roll your own, and a bunch of neat artifacts (which are also a sort of way of showing how to make cool stuff). adventure burner is basically just commentary on the game (and "sounds like padding to get the page count out" is generally not what people think about the adventure burner. many reviewers and community members thought it was the best book released).
@allan the adventure burner in it's entirety is 'commentary'. so that gives you some idea of what is being talked about there.
no seriously.  drop the cutesy text and tell us exactly what you want us to pay for here.  even if it's not a complete list it would be nice to know if you are explicitly aiming to update the old books, or some of the old books, or even just some portions of some of the old books.  or just nothing. i don't know about others but i personally would prefer more playable content over 'commentary' on the system which, quite frankly, just sounds like padding to get the page count out.
had a rethink. $54 to the uk for a signed bw rule book or codex is cool. $49 for an unsigned codex is... acceptable. an extra $49 for a unsigned rule book that is already available here for just over $20 is nuts so it's cancelled.
nuts, just caught this and missed the signed copies! oh well i have my torchbearer copy signed so i guess there's that.
@andrew brehaut: thanks for your reply and the links. certainly don't expect shipping to be subsidised. was just highlighting that high shipping costs make this project potentially prohibitive for those outside the us market (including myself). i realise that's usually par for the course, but if the issue is raised, a solution may be found. i'd love to back the project all the way, but if the shipping costs are final, i'm probably better served waiting until i can order it from a local distributor. with, as you demonstrate, shipping being at cost, then none of what i pay for shipping goes into @luke crane's pocket (where i want my money to go), so it's dead money for me and him. one option i have seen used in previous kickstarters is to ship rewards through the company's existing distributor network for pickup at an lgs. i'm not sure if that would work in this case, but it could reduce costs and even transfer some of that dead shipping money to my lgs.
i take every possible excuse to play as a great spider or introduce one as a npc. they are my absolute favorite stock. looking forward to that stretch goal ~_^
i would also really miss the great spiders. nothing quite tickles my fancy like the idea of playing a sapient spellcasting spider in the middle of a questing party. i mean, sure, a troll or a rat person or a sapient spellcasting wolf are good too...but they're not giant spiders. that's just above and beyond. still happy to see this happening, though. i have all three of the relevant burners but an updated, compiled hardcover will still be nice, and people who weren't lucky enough to stumble upon the game in time to find copies will be that much better served.
all your spiders are belong to me.
final shipping comment: i plugged the weight and dimensions for bwg[1] into my local postal services international shipping calculator[2] and it came it within $2 of what kickstarter approximated for the codex. [1] as listed on http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b005n2gn2e [2] nzpost youshop https://www.nzpost.co.nz/tools/youshop/youshop-pricing
@luke strotz: you might find http://www.deadlyfredly.com/2013/10/breakdown-international-shipping/ depressing and informative.
@luke strotz, this is obviously not the official word, but unfortunately international shipping is just extremely high. this is an ongoing problem for many kickstarters, especially for backers in places like australia and new zealand. i know that some larger rpg companies have in the past, and continue to, effectively subsidized the shipping to remote locations, but smaller publishers simply cant afford to do so. larger companies (larger than a games company) can ameliorate the problem with volume shipping and making deals with service providers; small companies don't have the required leverage.
i've backed this for now, as i'm very keen to support burning wheel, but the cost of shipping seems far too high (half my pledge is shipping). if the shipping costs don't come down, i'll probably withdraw my pledge and wait for other purchasing options down the track.
rest, my friends. eat; sleep. the journey is long and the night is dark. tonight, i shall ruminate upon the moon. on the morrow, should the sleeping gods speak to me, i shall have news…
dro: i've only been able to talk players into a game with descriptions of the giant spiders. if it comes to it, i'll port them myself, though i doubt i've the same familiarity with the games balance as others.
i'm interested to what parts of the adventure burner 'commentary' will be included.
love the game. fell in love after seeing a campaign online. please, i get that it is not your vision to sell pdfs, but is there any way to make the shipping to europe cheaper? i will pay more than the books cost in shipping and tax, would love to buy more.
backed for a copy of each. bit gutted that the 25 signed copies are all gone and that postage to the uk is eye watering. but, i've bought all the rest so...
instantly backed this. the best rpg around. but +1 for luke and co. to try and find cheaper shipping to outside of the us.
i really want the giant spider to make a comeback.  i'd easily sacrifice the wolves and roden for them.
@peter: hilarious
https://twitter.com/search… join the protest!
@evil knivel please contact me. we will take 12 books to germany. check the g+ community "rollenspieler deutschsprachig" for infos. max
@brian cox: giant spiders were the 4th monster burner race, with their own magic system, social hierarchy, etc. i liked them because they, along with great wolves, showed how to structure non-humanoid creatures as playable races. they were under-represented in terms of actual play, though i think the same could be said for most of the monbu races.
@brian cox: re pdfs: something about how the book was designed to be handled, not looked at on a computer screen, i think, whereas the other products were made to be ported to pdf? i think? re spiders: the original monster burner had roden, trolls, great wolves and great spiders as new playable characters with lifepaths and the like. new book apparently doesn't have spiders.
could someone please provide a synopsis about this great spider thing everyone is talking about? additionally, i know from casually following burning wheel stuff over the past 4 1/2 years that luke crane will not ever release burning wheel in pdf form despite the other burning wheel headquarters games (like mouse guard, torchbearer, and burning empires) being available in pdf. can someone provide a quick synopsis as to why this choice was made?
i'd pay for that! as long as it is osx compatible.
i have severe arachnophobia, but i'd be sad if the great spiders weren't included. perhaps as a stretch goal?
i agree with nathan, i was going to suggest official character burner software.  downloadable or bundled with the book?
is there any option available to donate at the 50+ level multiple times to get multiple copies of both books? ideally i'd like to donate ~$200 and get 3 copies of each so there are enough to pass around any table i'm playing at.
get  to work, luke and co. this thing is funded!  :)
three hours and change to fund, not bad for a game that isn't a 'real' rpg. :d
hey, i've used great spiders...
@ radek drozdalski: wait. do you mean there are people who do not play as a giant spider? my entire gaming group seems shelob's family hour!
wow! that was fast. now lets see where we go from here!
and done!
$27 to go
as far as physical things go with stretch goals, i wouldn't mind an updated more accessible version of the online character burner on their site :)
@david in other campaigns, they have rolled out additional signed copies over the course of the kickstarter to make sure that people in other time zones and who work have a fair shot.
@dro: you stay out of this!
if people would actually use great spiders in their games they might have been included...
@colin i know...hence the #trolling ;-p i personally am totally okay with no spiders. icky, nasty things.
that sounds good.  if luke decides to add more signed copies, i'd happily up my pledge.  just sayin'.
@shervyn: i've already promised to pester luke to no end if it funds in the next two hours. which is highly, highly, likely to happen considering...
@david benson: if prior bwhq kickstarters are any indication, anything like a stretch goal will take the form of an order number count. for example, with the torchbearer kickstarter once they had enough backers it made financial sense to upgrade the book from a basic four color hardback to one with a foil logo, linening on the cover, etc. i'd fully expect the same treatment here.
maybe they will add back in spiders as a stretch goal #trolling
i have the magic and monster burners, but have never been able to find a reasonably priced adventure burner. although i know this is a campaign created with some hesitation on the author's part, i am very appreciative of the chance to complete my collection and dig deeper into the most interesting game system i've ever read.
pages @nate, we need more pages! :)
my guess on stretch goals is that they priced the kickstarter (both the tiers and the goal) to match the price per book at volume. so once the goal hits $25,000, they'll be making enough books to support ~$25/book. that doesn't leave much room for any physical stretch goals.
@nathan s. you put that very succinctly, and it's so true. burning wheel was not my first tt rpg, but it is the one that hooked me for good (i bought my own dice for the first time for bw). now, while i still enjoy other systems, they do feel more limiting in a lot of ways. i've also gotten a lot of compliments from groups that i'm new to for my rp skill, which i fully blame bw for being able to create a "full" character.
@apocryphal lore thanks! that's the sort of thing i was looking for. now i have more starting points to research it more.
is this ks going to have stretch goals?  seems like it's going to fund pretty quickly.
from luke re the burning wheel: first off, the wheel, or spiral, is the oldest symbol signifying the "other side." the spiral, wheel, or spoked-star marked the oldest grave sites of men. so it is up there with the biakal venus in ancient symbology. ~ the wheel of fire is one of four god wheels--one for each element. the wheel of fire has five spokes, symbolizing the inherent imbalance of life and the uncertainty of nature. the wheel abhors perfection, but seeks balance. the wheel burns because it is the source of fire in the hearts of all men. the wheel of fire, the wheel of five, the burning wheel. it is no mere concept in the minds of philosophers. it is a living, burning entity, built of wood and bound in steel. long ago was set alight with an ember from the heart of the sun--huitzilopochtli, apollo, rah, keun bul. whatever you call him: the god of fire. and now the wheel burns unextinguishable, the center of the religion of keun bul. it is the fire in the brow of every man, it is passion, breath and life.
@nathan: you should be the poster child for bw. i am glad we are seeing a resurgence. now if we could get a pdf...this game would be a timeless classic destined to be forever #1 on drivethrurpg!
@apocryphal lore: i'm pretty sure that burning wheel was the first to say "roll the dice or say yes" (pedantic moment, while "say yes or roll" is easier to say, the actual rule is the other way around because of interactions with the intent validation of a test). @justin nelson: wrt pdfs, probably not going to happen. all other bwhq games have pdfs as first-class citizens though: torchbearer, mouse guard, burning empires. @john potts: i don't remember the origin of the burning wheel as a name for the game. the wheel of fire of the mundus humanitas in the iron empires was possibly an inspiration, also the wheel of life from dharmic religions. i think there's a thread buried in the forums from a few years back about the origins of the name, but my search fu is failing me right now. @nathan sanders: all that, yes, 100%
i only wish there was a europe-friendly shipping thing going on, for us europeans will pay the price again in shipping and then the tax...
@nathan i totally agree with every sentiment there!
@brandon and to all others wondering about burning wheel:  i've run and played games for years. i can say with all of my heart and every logical input in my brain that this game will change the way you play for the rest of your life. of course you have to embrace it the way it's meant to be played, and if you do then you and all of your players will come out with a few extra rpger levels... or in this case, skill rankings. there's never been another game that has invited me to truly step into my character's shoes and embrace every irresponsible emotion that comes to heart. burning wheel is not about "doing" something cool, it's about living a story that all participants share and tell in a collaborative effort. enjoy every moment when roleplaying, cringe with every die roll, laugh with every failure, because in reality that's what life is like. when you have that moment when you're completely heart broken because you did the "wrong thing" for your character then you look back on it a week later and say, "i wouldn't have wanted it to end any other way," then that's when you know you've embraced the burning wheel. you'll never want to go back my friends.
@apocryphal lore: well said!
more signed copies please; i need your soul signatures for my arcane experiments.
i didn't mean to imply that the game was rule lite - only that the rules serve the story, not themselves.  in some games that use a lot of d20s; there is no way put characters on the line that will make good pay-offs, not using the rules.  i meant to say that the rules for burning wheel are built around roleplaying, not simply rules with theme on top.  this was one of the first games to include a section on 'say yes or roll the dice'  ... there are other games now that are more story-first than bw, but in 2003 this was unlike any other, and i think it still stands out in it's elegance.
i would also add torchbearer stuff as add-ons if that makes sense logistically for you guys. at the same time, i understand if that dilutes from fundraising for this print run and complicate fulfillment.
@colin that doesn't scare me too much.  the two systems i'm most familiar with are shadowrun (rules & d6 heavy) and shadows of esteren (story & narration heavy). this sounds like a good marriage of the things i love.
@snakedr: sadly i think your right. i would love to get a hold of a pdf version of both books but even luke's closest friends tell me that is never happening. such is life.
so i just got burning wheel gold over the summer and the shirt for christmas. haven't played yet but am currently running torchbearer. i can't for the life of me figure out where the title burning wheel comes from. i've seen something about a burning wheel representing a higher power in some biblical interpretations. i read the iron empire comics and there was a single line where faith says "up the burning wheel" as they go into hyperspace.
and smoked past the three quarter mark!
i concur on the pdf option.  though with how much the pdf format has generally been resisted, i took the lack as a statement that the resistance continues.
is it too much to ask the torchbearer as an add-on?
@brandon: it is a rules-first game though. the stuff that apoclore said works because (presumably) people put themselves on the line, threw resources into hard tests, and got a little bit lucky. the dice are rolled (like justin, i've seen upwards of 16 dice on super critical long-shot tests) as an impartial determination of outcome. that said, unlike many other games all the rules are there for a reason and by following them they help guide the table into making epic stories. so yes, intense mechanics are definitely present, but those mechanics are there to build a space that tests the character's mettle and lets them shine.
woooo! go luke & co.!
@brandon:  there are lots of d6 involved, i have seen 13+ dice on a roll, and it is a bit of a complex system but it is designed so you start with pieces of it and build more in as your group learns the rules. the best system i have found yet for epic storytelling! welcome to the wheel.
alternatively: 1/5/2016 = 1+5+2+0+1+6 = 15 which is 3*5.
+1 to the request for more signed copies of the codex :)
@apocryphal lore. well.  that sounds epic and right up my wheel house.  i love gming epic stories, and don't care for intense mechanics and loads of dice.
if you want to get 2 of the base codex, should i just pledge 62 bucks?
@brandon; the burning wheel is, in my mind, umatched for epic storytelling.  unlike other games where conflict is just a long, long series of dice rolls; with the burning wheel it is technically possible for the gallant knight to charge a cave troll, disembowel the beast in a single pass and fell it right there on the battle field, only to be swarmed by hundreds of tiny greenskins, pulled from his horse and consumed by the mob - without requiring any special rules or gm discretion (though you might want to apply some to save the hero from the swarm ).  it is set up to make political conflict exciting, battles against ancient evil tough but relatively short, while a wounded party (and you will get wounded, it's a deadly game) fleeing from the jackals has equal amounts of excitement.  it really was one of the first games i played that truly took the roll our of roleplaying games in terms of the whole system being made to tell a story. that's my 2 cents that nobody asked for :)
hello half-way mark.
@colin no experience with the burning wheel, but i tend to play the "buy every book of an  edition" game. either way, looks sweet. can't wait to gm it.
i'd quite like to see a resurrection of blossoms are falling. perhaps a stretch goal?
finally, the book we have all been waiting for!
brandon: if you have experience with mouse guard, torchbearer, or prior versions of the burning wheel, not too deep. if you don't, you're in for a ride!
so, i just backed at the $50 level.  how deep of a rabbit hole did i just throw myself down?
oh, nevermind, it said more than 10 years; fair enough... it's been a long journey yet still the wheel burns!
i call shenanigans on this 10 year thing... i've been a fan since classic edition back in 2003; dispense with the pleasantries mr. crane, shut-up and taketh my coin!  also, some new content as stretch goals would not go awry!
i'm with everyone else here.  can we get a clear description of what's going to be in the book?
for anyone who missed it in the text: "and it shall contain: the paths and ways of the roden, trolls and great wolves; an encyclopedia of traits and skills; an arcane library of magical ways; a libram of magic artifacts; and detailed commentary on nearly every aspect of the urtext itself." so yeah, monster burner (without spiders? sad!), magic burner, adventure burner.
correction, five hours... you know... for the auspices...
if this funds in under three hours i'm going to pester luke mercilessly until he corrects his heretic ways and puts giant spiders back in.
i'd love a signed copy. any chance you'd consider opening up a few more slots?
i'm with josh. the email from burning wheel, and the kickstarter campaign page as written are fun, but i would like a plain modern english description of what is planned to be included in this product. even if it's just something like colin said: "it's the bwg update to the (now quite out of date) monster, magic, and adventure burners." i already made that assumption and backed immediately, but i feel like it's be easier to share this project on social networks if it was more clearly presented to the uninitiated.
would love to see pdfs as a stretch goal. :)
will there be an option to add a second burning wheel codex to an existing pledge?  (i already have one copy of gold, but am getting a signed pair; and want an extra codex to use so as not to muss the signed copies)
i don't think that's really what the "risks and challenges" section is meant for, guys...
colin, that's what it looks like to me too but, man, that text is obtuse as hell.
i think the most important question that anyone should be asking right now is: are you doing a shirt?
i can't 100% reply for luke, but afaik it's the bwg update to the (now quite out of date) monster, magic, and adventure burners.
fun writing and i think i grok it but just in case can you actually spell out what's going in the codex?
