@jerome diaz thank you for your feedback. can you share more information with us via baa@goat-story.com? best regards.
horrible product!! never will i support any crowd fund project request again!
@sakkaphan lekhaphan hey! somehow we've overlooked your comment here, apologies. sometimes is much faster if you send us message or emails us directly. i have checked your situation and i was informed that your situation about the return of your mugs was already handeled in december.  @nenavist whaaaat ??? :)
i use my goat mug to scoop my horse feed and my yeti rambler for my coffee these days.
i haven't recieved my goat mugs yet. i got your e-mail that they were returned to the warehouse and i have to pay shipping fee again for 50 usd. seriously? i have paid for 215usd to help your project and now you say i have to paid more 50 usd to get my goat? also my address is correct. so, is this a mistake? please re-check it for me. i am waiting for your answer. thank you.
@ jacob padilla, @ofir and @m.a. - guys, thank you for your feedback! our goat mugs are made of polyproplyene, which indeed is a plastic material. we designed them to keep your coffee warm for long enough that you can still enjoy it fresh. best regards!
yup likewise, the only thing nice about this is that it looks nice. the heat retention/insulation is terrible.
hello,  i backed your goat mag project and got two grande goat mugs it looks real nice and it is nice made. but it is not insulated at all !!!! my coffee getting cold in 10 minutes!! and when you poor in it hot coffee you can feel that it gets hot from the outside almost immediately, and that a very good sign that it is not insulated. so i got stuck with an expensive plastic coffee mug that can't do the main thing that it supposed to do - keep my coffee warm. very disappointing.....
so when are we getting the mountain goat insulated mug?
@linyihsiung, please reach us via email, baa@goat-story.com. best regards!
i still haven't received my mug till now. here is the e-mail i registered for my order: caminolin@yahoo.com.tw can you plz recheck my order? thanks a lot.
hey goat @vonklutch, unfortunately we do not offer mix and match option at the moment. if you really, really, really think that brown holder goes best with black horn, maybe  just get additional holder? and afterwards you need to share with us the photo of customization please :)
ah that makes sense. still wish i could have gotten the brown sleeve with the black cup.
@程祺委 yaay! and really fast delivery, like a  week right? enjoy coffee! :)
finally received them!all the mug looked awesome. delivered from taiwan. thanks!
hi,  @羅浚瑋, i believe we have solved your problem already :) you just need to be little more patient for carriers to do their job :) @vonklutch it is a keychain and smart earphones cable organizer! :) stay baa-amazing!
btw what is the keychain thing that came with it?
btw what is the keychain thing that came with it?
wow i went by the old vacant house that it was sent to back in december and it was still there!!! so just finished in boxing, another satisfied customer.
excuse i live in taiwan.in 2014/12/15 buy  i haven't received my goat mug.  can you checked my order? (wlvfg123@gmail.com)
goat day baa-ackers!  since we are fully working on our new projects, please, in case you have still not received your rewards - goat mugs, contact us at baa@goat-story.com and send us your backer number, so we can check what is going  on. thanks!
mine got sent to the wrong address back in december lol. i was wondering what was taking so long
where are my mugs??
so first of all the mug looked awesome, friends and people who saw it loved it but as expected (i'm clumsy) i dropped it a couple times and in the last drop it died, wouldn't keep the coffee from leaking, and it's now confined to be a ornament in my house. good while it lasted.
@jouwen, please enjoy the coffee! :)
finally received them! delivered from china. thanks.
hey guys, if you have not received your mug, then please send email to baa@goat-story.com and we will check what happened to your horn! have a goat baa-kend!
i live in taiwan. i haven't received my goat mug. can you checked my order?
thanks i'll try the baking soda!
hi im still waiting for my mug, could u check if it have been shipped? i have my survey completed long time ago.
hi @herry, i have checked your order and i am waiting for your reply :) @sebastian, i suggest to wash your goat mug with some baking soda. this works magic! :)
i received my goat mug some time ago, and i am happy with the design and color. the mug seems to mostly leak proof, and the quality of the leather is fine. the only real problem i have is the horrible  smell/take it adds to the coffee. i've handwashed it three times and ran it through the dishwasher once and the smell/taste has stayed the same. if this isn't considered a defect i guess it will just stay as a piece of decor in my home... i don't know what the problem is but i would assume it is the quality of the plastic used. overall i'm a little disappointed, but at least my mug does everything it claimed to during the campaign, they just didn't inform us that you wouldn't be able to enjoy the flavor of your favorite coffee while drinking from goat mug.
hi, anze, thanks for your response. just sent message in the inbox.please help to check it.  thank you so much!
hi @shane, you are right, time difference can have some impact on replying to all your emails. and not to mention the curiosity of all backers and other supporters that have sent us more that 2.000 emails in the past 2 months. thank you for being patient with us. you experienced the worst with us :p hello @herry, please send us message in the inbox, ok? and we will check where your mug goat away :) hey @shea, have you contacted us? if you have any kind of problems with goat mug, it will be much faster to receive help or information via baa@goat-story.com or in ks inbox. we do not bite :) hi @abdullah, as we replied to you, that we appreciate your feedback and opinion. many our baa-amazing supporters have published photos and videos of the real goat mug.  dear @sharon, as you were told, please first fulfill survey with all required data and your mug will be shipped out immediately! have a goat weekend!
i'm sharon huang. i live in taiwan. i have purchased your product. however i haven't received your package for a long time. when will i be able to receive the purchased product? can you reply me asap? thank you.
i pledged for x10 and received them last week. the mugs are super low quality, matt while the first pictures were gloss, and doesn't look like the very first pictures, not even close! very frustrated after more than a year of waiting. my first support on kickstarter and the last!!
not 100% leakproof, receiving the wrong size/color, and lack of insulation seem like very valid complaints to me especially if we were promised and paid for something differently...
dear guys, i haven't receive my mugs...  how can i get my tracking number of the mugs? i wanna know where are the cool mugs gone. thanks! still waiting... :-)
while i'm still waiting for the delivery of the correct items, the customised mugs with the correct details, i just have to add my so far fairly positive feedback. sure, i was sent a heap of incorrect items. but i have never had to wait more than a few days for my emails to be answered, and that's mostly because of the timezone difference. after some negotiation on the plain mugs delivered, i purchased them at a very reasonable cost so i now have extras. these extras are also now handed out to friends who missed the first run of custom ones. the quality of the mugs is so much better than would be expected from anyone just reading these comments. they only leak when boiling water is still making the air expand. it's simple physics, and solved by a little bit of thinking. if it leaks all the time, are you sure you closed the lid properly? the clip can be a bit tricky at first, and the lid needs to be screwed on tightly. while there likely are a few cases of substandard mugs which slipped past quality control, i really doubt there's as many problems as the complaints here would indicate. and i'm certain that valid complaints are dealt with in a reasonable time frame, because i have contacted the team a few times and never once felt ignored. even with all the delays and issues, including still waiting for my order, i'm a fan. i've encouraged others to place orders for their own, after they saw how good these ones are.
gracias @ isis heredia! enjoy your mug :)
finally at home! ... por fin tengo mis 2 mugs, hoy ya lo estoy probando. lo bueno: que llegó... en algún punto dude que llegara. lo malo: que se tardo muchisisisisisisismo 1 año 4 meses / lo feo: me preocupa las armellas en donde se sujeta el mug de sus correas,.. son de muy baja calidad... creo que las cambiaré por otras mas resistentes.... les sugiero revisar esa parte del producto. por lo demás lo veo bien.. ha durado la temperatura de mi café y no chorrea. felicidades y a los que no les ha llegado sean pacientes ... saludos desde méxico
hey guys! we are getting ready to present our baa-amazing goat mug to ambiente exhibition in frankfurt! anyone who is near frankfurt, please come and meet us there :) anyway, @chiang fang-ming - we have contacted you via email, but you have not replied to us. please contact us via baa@goat-story.com.  @ sebastian o - hi, can you tell me where have you sent your questions? i believe you have recevied your answer the same day ;)  @ shea antoinette - heeey, mug is definitely for all coffee fans! go goats!  :d @ daniel garcia - thanks man! enjoy the mug to the fullest. also share a photo of bogota & mug ;) @ matt nixon - as you know, you have pledged for 3 mugs, but you provided us the information via survey for 4 mugs. please check your inbox :) @ jesús enrique conde galindo - great! enjoy the mug!! @ soogyoung jean ahn - hey, if i am not wrong we have been in contacts via emial, correct? your replacement was already shipped out :) @ karen eyt - dear karen we appreciate all your support, kind words and warning. i will address these material issues to development department, to consider to change it a little bit. thank you! @ georgina - thank you for sharing your experience. if you have problems with leakage, why you have not contacted us via baa@goat-story.com? http://www.goat-story.com/pages/faq we have couple of solutions please try it and if it is still leaking, send us an email, ok? :) @ kristen - i have already replied to you, please check inbox!
okay. i recieved an email that my grande was on the way in december. it's still not here. i've sent two emails to the team and no response. grrr.
i received my grande mug a few weeks ago but i've only just had time to comment on it here. i am beyond disappointed with this product, bar it looking cheap, the leather is incredibly cheap and badly attached to the plastic ring. by far the worst thing is the fact it is certainly not leak proof. this thing will leak at every angle. overall i am not happy with this product at all.
received all four of our mugs last week and the order was correct. although the mugs took a lifetime longer than planned, we are truly stunned by the superior quality of the products. all four mugs are absolutely perfect, as a matter of fact, we don't know when we're going to use them because they're too good looking to take out of the china cabinet. quality is out of the park. the one and only negative in all of this positiveness is that the little metal rings on the straps are really flimsy and cheap and the straps do not smell like real leather. wish the rings were of better quality. thanks a lot goat story team. well done!
i bought three and so far seems like one of them is leaking:( i wonder if i can have exchange..
ya me llego muchas gracias llego bien por fin lo voy a poder ocupar
3 grande mugs ordered, 3 arrived but one was the wrong colour - white instead of black. now waiting on goat story to see how they are going to fix this.
just received my goatmug here in bogota, colombia!!!! and let me say i loooooooooove it ❤️ thank youu!!!! almost 2 years since i backed the project, had my doubts but finally got it and let me say, im impressed and full of hoy :d
here's another "sad" (really just being petty) con to the goat story mug... . i live in north texas and now people assume i'm a longhorns fan. nope. t_t . i guess the brown is close enough to ut's burnt orange and a horn is a horn... @_@ . well if you guys ever make an improved 2.0 maybe you can sucker university of texas ordering the lot just for staff, students, alumni, fans, etc...
ordered one normal and one grande. received one small, they told me i get a second small because i want to have it instantly. until now i received only the normal one(and only one!). no answer for my questions. bad luck for me.
hi , my name is luke . i still don't receive my goat grand , here is my id email  skylit@hotmail.com
hello beloved goat supporters!  for the past month many of you were thinking ''you goat to be kidding me!'' but we have really been drowning in all these emails and messages you have sent us.  that is why we wanted to share with you this special page http://goatstoryblog.tumblr.com/post/137543588995/we-goat-answers so you can get faster your answers to all of your questions!  happy monday!
*now, it has now been almost a week. its a shame ks has still not jumped on board this "new fangled" edit technology that so many other website users enjoy.
at this rate, i would be floored if any large number of backers would jump on on board a 2.0 model from these people... it has not been almost a week with no meaningful communications regarding my entirely wrong order that was almost an entire year late at this point... delays i understand, lack of attention to detail... not so much.
(note: i love all 3 of my current regular-sized cups and have never had leaking issues, just clip issues)
so, fellow backers, what would you like to see in version 2.0 (assuming there will be a 2.0)??? for me, it's - improved hook system - twist or slide opening instead of a flip-top - additional add-on options for coordinating straps/holders in new colors (plum!) - a sleeve that doesn't fall off (either snaps in place or permanently attached) - higher integrity/reinforcement of the spot where the hooks attach - insulation because my coffee goes cold so fast with these cups....
dear goat story supporters, first we wish you mugnificent happy new year, 2016! being swamped with all your emails and messages, we were unable to comment here more often as we wish. however we appreciate all your kind and baa-mazing words, wishes, critics, suggestions, overall experiences when trying our goat mugs! and not to forget photos! to inform you,  we’ve successfully shipped our grande goat mugs to all our first supporters! some of you had already received yours, some of you are about to. the other news is not so bright. you see, some of you will be surprised that you didn’t received what you wanted (your unique personalized goat mugs). this was obviously our mistake when shipping zillions of precious packages all around the globe ... and we’re sorry for the bottom of our hearts for killing your excitement when opening the boxes. to all of those, we kindly ask you to get in touch with you via baa@goat-story.com. for all of you, who wonder why have you not received your short strap along long one - please check our video https://www.goat-story.com/pages/faq :).  in case you received wrong colour, size, too many mugs, too little mugs, do not hesitate to contact us immediately to baa@goat-story.com. we received some complaints that your mugs leak. after testing many, many, too many mugs we found out that common mistake was in the usage. next time you want to use mug, pour into the clean and dry mug hot coffee and wait couple of seconds for steam to evaporate a little bit. then you can close and tighten the upper lid. if mug still leaks, contact us via baa@goat-story.com. thanks for your patience and understanding. may this be a fresh start for all of us :)   enjoy your mugs!
@ karl - no, the one i got was a coffee cat logo, where the cat's tail was the steam from a coffee mug. quite nice, and i wouldn't mind finding out who it should have gone to. mine should have been like my profile pic, which is y living history group's logo.
@shane i dont suppose any of those other logos resemble a cartoon dragon? just hoping i might actually see what one of my mugs was *supposed* to look like...
great design, but almost no insulation. need an insulated version for the next iteration.
after a long wait for my 12 customised grande goat mugs, imagine my excitement when i finally got to pick them up from the post office today. now imagine that excitement shattered when i find that the 12 do not have my logo on them! 8 don't have any logo, 2 have someone else's logo, and 2 are just "kickstarter limited edition". i waited longer than friends who ordered theirs separately and received them before xmas, and i don't have the ones with my intellectual property. in fact, the ones with my logo are probably scattered across the globe. so the question is: how do i get my order, and what do i do with these incorrect items?
funny, we finally got our "custom" goat mugs... and they look just like every other goat mug... yet another disappointment.
hey guys! just a question.. i don't remember: is it possible to put the cup in the microwave? :d
here is anze's {the creator] comments from the latest update page . . hello baa-amazing kickstarter supporters! as many of you noticed, we have been swamped with your emails and messages asking us when your mugs will be delivered. we apologize that we couldn't type faster and unable to reply to all of you immediately! it has been really hectic past month and we still is. some of you still have not received your goat mug yet and i kindly ask to wait patiently, sometimes custom process delay the delivery. if you have not received notification, please double check spam folder, sometimes the email is stuck there. for all of you, who wonder why the "h" have you not received your short strap along long one - please check our video https://www.goat-story.com/pages/faq :). in case you received wrong colour, size, too many mugs, too little mugs, do not hesitate to contact us immediately to baa@goat-story.com. and finally, the leakage. we found out that many of users are complaining about mugs leaking. we found out that common mistake is the usage of mug. next time you want to use mug, pour into the dry mug hot coffee and wait couple of seconds for steam to evaporate a little bit. then you can close and tighten the upper lid. if mug still leaks, contact us asap so we can fix the problem. thank you guys for understanding and have a baa-amazing new year! ;) . . i'll have to try that evaporation trick and see if it works, after all the faqs straight up say "will my mug leak? of course not, it’s 100 % leak proof! you can throw it around, shake it ... or maybe even put it in your bag and flip it sideways really hard. like really hard! and not a single drop will fall out.      not. a. single. one. in case the universe decides to spice the situation a bit and make your mug leak somehow ... please get in touch with us immediately and we’ll make sure to fix the problem." and yet the universe seems to hate a good majority of us . baa@goat-story.com
@zoe france  no problem. i thought the same thing for a second and even checked the campaign to make sure i was supposed to get both straps and after rewatching one of the videos i realized the long strap consisted of both of them . . @brad wisdom the short strap should be attached to the long strap you received. you can unclip them on the short strap; there is a metal clip button on that strap. . . @pietro n roselli lorenini the keychain thing is a headphone holder  here's the video: https://www.facebook.com/video.php…
@paul - thanks for your advice. i hope your issues get sorted soon. @shae - thanks for your comment. i had thought they were meant to be connected in some way, but i guess i was looking in the wrong place for the part where the short strap separated. after i read your comment i checked again, and found the dome connector which enables me to separate the short strap section. thanks again, shae, this means i didn't have anything missing after all!
i just got my grande mug now. it is really beautiful. the black keychain who was inside the box has some specific functionality with the mug given the particular shape?
this mug is awesome! sadly mine only came with one strap (the large one), is there any way i could get the smaller one?
i love my mug! is it possible to buy just the straps on the website? i'm only seeing for the mug and i didn't realize just how much i would love this thing!
i still have not received my grande mug. after a year now. could you please tell me the shipping situation for my mug? santiago.ordejon at gmail.com thanks
i just got the mug we ordered.  it is beautiful!  and totally worth the wait!  the only downside is that all of our friends keep trying to steal it from us! great work guys!
i got an email recently, it seems there are maybe 3 people running customer service for all these orders so prepare for a wait on replies i guess. even if mine turn up and there's an issue i'll probably not even bother take it further.. for the money invested it's not been worth all the hassel.
i have 2 black grande mugs & both leak. i emailed and sent pics of the leak per their request and no response. wow what customer service after waiting this long!
i received my grande mug after one year, it has leaking problems and the leather sleeve has details near the goat. was expecting 100% leackproof and no scratches or damage on it after all this time i had to wait for the mug.  could have been better.
finally got my mugs. one for me and one as a very very late gift.  i looks like i expected. used it to drink water.. it's not as leakproof as i would have hoped.
2 grande in brown, 1 reg black, 1 reg marsala. arrived yesterday!  a little disappointed with the lack of insulation, and they're much smaller than i had anticipated. but i am happy to have them. have not experimented with leaks, though i am sure they will happen. my drinking horn looks less lonely on the shelf now that all of our mugs have arrived.
@zoe france the short strap should be attached to the long strap you received. you can unclip them on the short strap; there is a metal clip button on that strap.
@scott garman the keychain thing is a headphone holder here's the video: https://www.facebook.com/video.php… . finally received my mug and i think @matt simmons is spot on -it transmit heat like crazy and doesn't hold it for very long (but hey you guys said it keeps hot beverages hot for 2 hours so) -i stopped using the bottom plastic strap hole and the long strap because it was already showing wear and tear -another reason i don't use the long strap anymore is because my "leakproof" mug is leafing and i don't need coffee/tea all over my clothes -the sleeve part seems rather cheapish and mark hit the nail on the head about the quality of that -the sleeve part also keeps falling off, which is great for when i use it as a holder, but horrible when carrying the mug around by the strap . also agreed, i love the idea, concept (or else i wouldn't have invested into it) and i've gotten positive comments about the look and the niftiness of it. so b+ on form d- on function
got my grande mugs today in finland. they had arrived to the mail on december 31st already, but i was away, so i picked them up today. no leaking problems (at least not yet) and straps were there. i'm happy with the product.
got my grande mugs in vancouver canada. no leaking problems here.
received my black, faux-leather grande mug today in alberta, canada. the mug itself looks beautiful, however, it is not completely leakproof. yes, if you have it closed and hold it upside down, or have it laying on it's side it seals great but while wearing it cross body with the included strap it leaks a great deal. i tested this while walking around my house, with water in the mug. i wouldn't trust carrying it around with the long strap, but using the short strap there was much less jostling, thus less leakage. it is a lovely and eye-catching mug but for the price, i am a bit disappointed in the quality.
got the grande for few weeks, and i find the goat mug was shown in the korea drama "oh my venus" vol. 15 as http://www.koreastardaily.com/tc/photo/72273/5
hey everyone, just got the mugs and they are great. seatrials tomorrow morning! very nice quality.  one question, the key chain has a couple of notches in it. is there a purpose to them? job well done!  thank you!
got my grande mug here in toronto, canada yesterday. haven't used it yet but looks great.
@zoe they have pretty much abandoned this page bar posting those pointless 'updates' on the main page. go to their facebook page if you want to get some type of update on them.  that's pretty much how you get anything done relating to customer service with a lot of companies. go to their social media page where it's public with your complaints and it creates some traction as other people are seeing the issues in real time. for my issue there was like 2 days + in between but at least i got the tracking in the end.. which hasn't been of much use. it says the package arrived in the destination country on the 30th and the first and the only thing the courier can tell me to do is call the post office in france.. i live in ireland -_-
posted 4 days ago on one of the update pages and no response yet, so i'll try here: my goat mugs arrived, with the long straps - but not the short straps. who do i need to contact to get this sorted out?
we are still not given tracking number so far.it really makes me angry that they said they sent them all on the middle december.all the backers in my group are asking for money,they don't want to wait for a mug anymore.and no one reply my messages for many times. we can't trust this team. please send the money back asap.
got my grande goat mug in the mail, safe and sound!! it's perfect, thank you so much! i loved the packaging. well done to you all, and i look forward to any more future projects. all the best! -ontario, canada
got my 4 grandes in florida. look great! thank you!
i ordered an extra mug in the small size and was told it would ship with my grande. it did not. how can i get this corrected? thank you.
i was finally given tracking for my order today via facebook, seems it was only handed over for delivery on december 24th and not mid december as expected.. the tracking info and site is all in slovenian and makes little sense (google translate used), next updates show as follows..  elimination of the title country on 28th 12/30/2015 arrival of the title country 12/30/2015 arrival of the title country 01/01/2016 arrival of the title country 01.01.2016 abolition of the feed -mail  all accompanied with a tag of "data received from the international system" if i was even slightly optimistic about this i could take it that arrival of the title country means it's arrived in ireland.. but it shows it 3 times on the list then this abolition line at the end.  really can't be arsed with this rubbish anymore.. all this for what.. apparently a shiny piece of plastic that;s not well designed and can keep your coffee warm slightly longer than a regular paper cup you get in starbucks etc -_-
it arrived in the uk today.
just ran into a few of our fellow baa-ckers today.  he had it on his lap while driving through and i showed mine and we started talking about it. call me crazy, but i like that it kinda shows that its like a little community.  another kickstarter i backed, i ran into someone who got the same thing. it is a fun moment to nerd out.
i received my 2 grande mugs on the 31st. truth be told, these are a bit of a letdown from a design perspective. a few specifics: - these are single wall, plastic mugs. they transmit heat like crazy- with hot beverages in them, they get very hot, and they get cold quite quickly. - the strap attachment points are not reinforced at all, just holes through the plastic. these will fail over time with use. - the closure is a simple snap with some rubbery gasketing, and it is a bit of a roll of the dice as to whether it will seal or not. it has leaked enough times that i can't really trust it enough to use it on the shoulder strap. this will also wear out quickly unlike the mechanical closures that are more common in travel mugs these days. - the sleeve is "leather" in the same sense that silver-plated silverware is "silver". it's a thin veneer of leather over what feels like plastic, and it has a large, obvious seam on one side where you can see that the veneer was just glued to the base. given the aesthetic of this i would have hoped for one thick layer of leather with a stitched seam, but no such luck. - speaking of which, there is nothing to hold the sleeve onto the horn except just shoving it on. if you planned- as i did- to clip this to a belt or something, it's effectively inevitable that this will fall off and get lost. some means of clipping the sleeve on or otherwise securing it would have been a really good idea here. on the whole, this is a decent curiosity piece, but it has the build quality and engineering of a $10 gift shop novelty item. i hope they refine & fix these issues in future production runs if the venture continues- i love the idea, but the execution needs a lot of love.
hello, i still haven't received an email with tracking or anything for my grande mug? kime036@gmail.com
hello, i still haven't received an email with tracking or anything for my grande mug?
i received my 2 grande goat on dec 24 christmas eve!! love it so much!!! luckily doesn't leak at all! from malaysia
so i am trying to find out how wide the strap hole is but my ruler is only in inches :( can i get some info i am trying to find an ideal strap with the right buckle size
woooohoooo the grande goat has arrived!!! haven't used it yet, but it looks cool! nice colourway with the white / marsala. the leather looks very nice, nice stitching, finish is great! despite the long wait, i'm very pleased with the final product! thanks goat team for all your hard work!
my grande mug arrived in the uk today!  everything about it has been positive. seems tough and quality. the straps are all good and there, the hemp bag is in good condition ad there has been no leaking! the strap clips on well and seems strong and sturdy!  really pleased so far with it! not bothered about the wait as it was expected!  thank you! i hope all with problems get those sorted soon but give them a little time!
jan 2016...  no tracking, no mugs and no response from 'goatstory' on facebook since the 30th. i guess  it's just easier to ignore and wait for the orders to 'maybe' eventually show up.  i liked the message i got on here which was extremely passive aggressive like i should be thankful they were able to get the packages sent out or something.  can't say i'll be recommending people to buy from these guys at all if this is the level of their cs. will probably be asked for more patience again!!!
got my goat mug last week and finally used it yesterday for my tea and i like it a great deal. mine doesn't leak at all, which is a great plus since i don't have to worry about it being knocked over while playing board games. i do wish it was a bit more insulated, but i like my tea no matter the temperature so this doesn't matter a huge deal to me.
i live in the uk and i've just received my grande mug.  i didn't get an email with the tracking information, so it was a lovely surprise.  i haven't actually used it yet, just got it out of the box, and started to stare at it, a bit baffled. it would have been nice to have had an email to explain about the straps being clipped together - i only discovered that by looking at the comments! i'm really disappointed that there wasn't a hoop put onto the mug , so that the straps can be used immediately, and that i now need to find one, and make sure that it's strong enough, and won't be the weak link in the strap!  if it wasn't going to be supplied, it shouldn't have been in the pictures, or we should have had an update to say that there was a problem with this. so, whilst it was nice it's turned up, i'm still a bit sad about the bits that weren't explained properly.
has there been any word on getting missing parts (straps) for the grande mug??
@megan: the keychain is a headphone holder, so you can wrap your headphones around it :) there's a video how to use it on goat story facebook page
got mine today in ny, it works okay, i didn't keep track of the time it kept the liquid warm, but i realized theres one leakspot on the right side of the mouth piece, you can shake it all around and its fine, upside down its fine, but if you tip it so that the right side is down for more than a second, it'll drip. i still like it,hope it doesnt get worse. i'm also wondering if that keychain has a functional purpose for its shape.
received mine in gainesville, florida, but am curious as to the care of the mug. namely, is it dishwasher safe?
just got ours! they seem to work about how everyone else is describing. confused about the keychain though, is the shape supposed to have some kind of functional purpose?
got mine today. it looks good but i haven't tested it yet.
i just received  both my grandes today too (black and white) just like @ethan  i'll be posting a series of photos of mine. http://imgur.com/gallery/iborj/new 1. the mugs i got were like the ones as advertised . smooth/ glossy/ no machine marks 2. nothing seems to be missing. it came with a thank you note for backing the project, a sticker, and a keychain 3. mug holder is  oval at the bottom and circular on the top. you can't really twist it on, you just push the holder up to stay in place. 4. the brown holder i received has some indentations  above the logo as you can see  from the photos 5. the logo on the lid is made of some kind of rubber. its a bit sticky and i can see debris getting stuck there after some time 6. it is (technically) not 100% leak-proof. i was shaking it vigorously upside down. and water started  dripping out on the mouthpiece ( and yes i made sure everything was sealed properly) if you just lay it on its side or upside down then yes it is leak proof 7. the lid is very hard to open. i suggest removing the holder first  before attempting to  close the mug. if you dont remove the holder first it will loosen up after some use. 8. the "cap" that seals  the mouthpiece was hard to open too. be careful while opening it. i almost broke mine. 9.  it does fit 16 oz of fluid 10.  i put near boiling water in the mug and it only stayed hot/warm for about an hour or so 11. the hooks on the strap feels sturdy. it's not the type  open easily. 12. the holes where you put the strap on  is kind of small (roughly the same size as the hook for the strap). i decided to put a small binder ring on the hole so the hook will attach there instead. i think it's good idea if you want to prolong those holes for the straps. the binder rings are relatively cheap and much easier to take out when cleaning the mug. https://www.google.com/webhp… overall i think it is a pretty cool mug. it's something i would take with me when i need hot beverages. quality-wise mmm 4 out of 5. its sturdy and gets the job done. if it wouldve kept my drink for 2hrs as they promised i'd give it a 5
my grande mugs arrived today. they look great, but to be honest, knowing that they are not insulated at all and the claim of keeping drinks warm for up to two hours is grossly overestimated, the enthusiasm is gone. :( i got these mugs specifically for the purpose of taking warm drinks from home to work - even one hour of staying warm from pouring to drinking would be enough - but if they can't even do that... well, i guess i've got three mugs that can sit pretty on the counter. what a disappointment.
delivered to poland. nice end of the year :)
got my grande mug yesterday. looks nice, the dimentions are perfect and it is indeed 100% water proof which is great. however i'm a bit disappointed, it doesn't hold the heat one bit, after a 20 minute walk to the bus it was already luke warm even if the cup was full.  by the time i reached my destination, 45 minutes after filling the cup, it was completely undrinkable. all in all, it's a nice cup to have around the home or office, but it's useless for the outside. if you decided to make a working thermo-cup in the same design, i would be quite interested.
i got mine today! it's a perfect size for me; had all of the straps; and doesn't seem to have any of the machinery marks that others are talking about. it's certainly is spill-proof. keeping drinks warm up to two hours seems like a bit of a stretch with this material, but that's fine. i'm working on straightening out the straps by putting my old textbooks to good use. overall, i'm pumped to finally have it.
i got mine!
so i'm excited i finally got the mug but no straps....... has anyone else had this happen?
we got our mugs today. i'll be using it at sca events, and whenever i travel. thanks guys!
what's the trick to opening these????
i got my grande mugs today. they are every bit as nice as i hoped for. i will be using them at sca events (medieval living history). hooray!
@paul: believe it or not, there is actually stitching there. i got a better picture of the holder inside: http://i.imgur.com/mktdrsq.jpg if you look at the top of the holder where the seem is, you can see a little bit of thread near the point in the seem. then you can see more thread at the very top. there is also glue, which you can see near the other points.
i received my grande goat mug yesterday in the mail and was absolutely delighted. the product is gorgeous; exactly as they advertised and hoped. i love the little details of their logos all over it, including the inside of the lid; it really pulls the whole product together and makes it look professional. the mug itself is study and the lid fully snaps and holds in place, unlike too many travel mugs on the market these days. the leather that converts to a stand is not flimsy at all and holds the cup securely. can't wait to try it out!
just message them on facebook guys, they haven't responded to anyone on here in about 2 weeks bar today's 'update' which contained one line relating to the no tracking issue. i think my post below from their reply on facebook had more info in it than the official update!!
hey! got an email update that you've sent out the mugs, but still no tracking code. could you tell me mine?
interesting, dan from surrey gets his but mine is still showing in the heathrow worldwide distribution centre.  royal mail claim it is still with customs.  maybe i should change my name to a non-muslim name so my parcels sail past the customs desk.
just seen the image: http://i.imgur.com/uicptsg.jpg that line looks like its more glued together :/ rather than stitched. how strong does it seem.. it looks like it may break apart quite easily or after a period of use?
received my grande mug in belgium :d
grande mug received in surrey uk..  feels great..  the kettle is now on. first impressions the mug looks and feels great, and i appreciate what you did with the thread on the lid - that is a comfortable number of turns and the lid goes to the correct angle each time.. i may change the strap for something a little less rigid.. although i'm hoping the weight of the coffee will pull it straight. it feels like it was worth the wait.
just received my goat mugs through gls in germany. thank you goat mug team and anze they look awesome, now it is time to try them out. :-)
received my goat mugs today too. i was a little surprised that the "creamy mocha" of the hemp was basically indistinguishable from the white (at least to me), but that's not so bad i suppose. otherwise, i'm still pretty satisfied with the product, though to be honest i haven't put them through their paces yet. also, the earbud holder was a nice touch (at least, that's what i think it is!) http://imageshack.com/a/img633/805/kfhcss.jpg
you've goat to me kidding me! these are awesome! i will use it tomorrow, and write something about that then. buuuuuuut! for those who have yet to receive their mugs i have uploaded detailed pictures of the mugs: to see all the pictures: http://imgur.com/a/en9dv/all below i have a break down of each picture: i have the piece of regular printing paper to show scale. here is the packaging: http://i.imgur.com/2mpjmmb.jpg everything that came: http://i.imgur.com/wnvqkgh.jpg the two cups, standing: http://i.imgur.com/eqh3ywv.jpg leather holds: (views of each side.) right - http://i.imgur.com/lerjgnf.jpg left - http://i.imgur.com/3ys7qo2.jpg back - http://i.imgur.com/uicptsg.jpg front - http://i.imgur.com/veetw2s.jpg inside of holder - http://i.imgur.com/w6m1rqr.jpg the straps: please pay attention that the wrist strap is connected to the longer strap. see pics below: straps - http://i.imgur.com/ob2ro3r.jpg how they are attached - http://i.imgur.com/aj7c0bs.jpg the wrist strap - http://i.imgur.com/etlal9k.jpg the lid: tops (goat on lid is rubberized, connecting to the pic below) - http://i.imgur.com/cgdfgy3.jpg the leak sealer (notice the rubber to seal it shut) - http://i.imgur.com/xhikcff.jpg bottom of lid (notice the "o" ring) - http://i.imgur.com/i8bvrji.jpg my favorite set up: http://i.imgur.com/13buzvn.jpg inside of mug: http://i.imgur.com/3hogxz3.jpg i know it is blurry, but there are no machining marks on either of my cups. i took these pictures with my phone. i'm not a pro reviewer or photographer. sorry. anyway, i look foreword to these. they feel quality like i was  expecting. there does look like little if any insulation. folks are saying that it doesn't keep heat in for much longer then an hour. i will let you know tomorrow. if that is the case, it is okay with me, since i am usually done by then. coffee = life ;) oh yeah, and a key fob: http://i.imgur.com/9rgtlop.jpg
now that i've actually used my grande goat mug, i am still very happy with its appearance (aside from not being able to swap the closure) and the comments from others have sparked some great conversation. can't wait to bring it to my in-laws' house. the only thing is that it is really not insulated *at all* and my tea (sorry, don't drink coffee) which was brewed at 170f got *lukewarm* in less than an hour. i'm sure black tea and coffee (212f) lasts at least an hour or maybe a bit more before getting to the "bleh i don't really want to drink this anymore" temperature, though.
i got my grande mug and i am so very happy with it! definitely a pill proof, i filled it up and tried my best to be rough to see if it leaked at all and nope, not a single drop, absolutely perfect. it looks wonderfully stylish and the leather is really nice too. i'm so happy that this came to fruition and turned out so well.
just got my grande mug today!!! i completely forgot about it a few weeks ago and suddenly i look on my doorstep to find a goat mug! in my opinion it is very well made. not extremely insulated but i don't mind as i don't like piping hot liquid burning my mouth. straps look quite strapping and the key chain was a great surprise bonus for the wait. the long wait was worth it and with winter coming it came at the perfect time!
did anyone else receive their grande, but without the straps?
backer #4,782 i have not received any tracking number since the update on december 14th, please advise.
received in pennsylvania today.  very nicely done. thank you.  happy new year.
i just used mine for the first time and here's are some points: 1) it looks awesome. i got mine in black and it looks fine. it's smooth, and so far does it's job. but i have to say, there's a small issue with the logo on the middle/holder piece. it looks like there's a bubble and might rip up some of the plastic. 2) it feels like a plastic mug. i don't mean that in a bad way necessarily, but i can't imagine it would feel like anything like. maybe some people might think it feels cheap, but i don't have too much issue with it.  3) to be honest it doesn't feel like it would keep my tea hot for as long as it says it will, but i can't speak on that yet. plus i drink my tea relatively fast so i don't need it to be piping hot forever. 4) not the actual mug, but i like the small extras included (sticker, thank you note, keychain). i can't say if i would re-back this after all it took to get, but for what i got i enjoy it. it's the right color, it's doing it's job and i can use it on-the-go. so yes, i am satisfied and happy to have it.
just received my two grande goat mugs! they are fantastic. one small issue we have, though, is that my wife and i ordered a black and a white marsala with the intention of swapping the marsala-colored parts onto the black one and the black parts onto the white one... due to the construction of the lid, we cannot swap the colored seal from their respective caps. i've even tried letting them sit in very hot water for a while to soften the plastic a bit and pull it apart to remove the seal hinge, but no go.. the black one pulls out enough for me to get it out, but not the marsala one ):
i got a similar update on my facebook post also philippa. again i will just wait and check the package itself for tracking info when it arrives to see if was actually sent 'trackable'
hi all goat people were nice and reply to me so thought i would pass it on.they having problems with tracking code for europe however all europe mug were sent out lost week :) .hope that help people a little bit .
can somebody please tell me what it says on the card it came with in terms of the lid and hot liquids? thanks!
the only thing i wonder is in the video, there's a ring on the bottom of the mug. how can i get a ring there? it would be so much easier to clip on to if this was so.
got my mugs! i honestly love it. lol in just a few hours i got many people complimenting me. they love it.
where are my mugs? so there'll be a tracking number to my email? i haven't got any of it.....
nevermind, got my email two hours ago! ups hasn't updated but i have my tracking number. we're both very excited to get the 4 mugs we've been waiting all year for c:
very happy to hear people all around me are getting their mugs, but nothing for new mexico! :c no emails that i've seen and no tracking numbers. i'm trying to be patient but i have my husband asking every evening before work if we've gotten our mugs yet.
the long wait in pennsylvania is over. got my grande today. its a thing of beauty. thanks goat story. ps - there is a rectangular, plasticy thing in the box, what's that bit for?
received mine today - shipping address is wilmington, de; it took many days to get here and didn't arrive on the 24th, the shipping estimate i got from the email. this isn't the only item i ordered that was delayed during the christmas rush. seems to have been a problem everywhere. it's very good looking, no machine marks or obvious flaws. the lid was on very tightly but did come off with a vigorous twist. the holder looks to be leather glued over a rigid framework - makes sense, since the holder double as a stand and would need to be rigid to hold the cup safely. will try it out tomorrow and report back - i can't wait to hand this to the baristas! :)
paul,  thank you for updating us europeans on the status of our orders. s
i got the tracking number before the 17th stating that it was from hauppauge, ny and since the 17th it changed to say it's been en route from compton, ca with no other updates. i live in schenectady, ny! there shouldn't have been any excuse for it to take this long to ship.
@matt and lauren: my package had the same issue, with the estimated delivery of the 26th.  i check up on it every now and then, and it says it is in my city! (i am in utah if that matters)
this is the email i received when i questioned them directly, left out the start and the end as it's not relevant although the tone of the email quite 'off' : "secondly, we have been updating the status of approximate delivery via kickstarter. if, you checked our webiste we have 3 storage facilities; in usa, slovenia and china. since the transport to slovenian port koper took the longest time, the eu citizens will receive it last. your mugs have been shipped out to you previous week and it was send via pošta slovenije, standard shipping delivery method. you have not received your tracking number, because i have not received it from the postal office." not sure what they are reffering to with regard to 'updating the status of approximate delivery via kickstarter' ?? so if i am correct the mug is sent out but the postal office haven't sent it!!! well if it ever does arrive it will be interesting to check the tracking (if there actually is any) on the package and see where it's been!
still no sign of a tracking number or a grande mug.
i got mine on boxing day! just in time! thanks guys! :) i haven't got around to testing the mug(s) yet, might drop another comment in after i do so! cheers.
omg omg omg!!!!!! it came!!! the box with all ten of my mugs came!!!! we are sooo excited!!!!! thank you!!!
can you check on my grande order?
received my two grande mugs christmas eve, so my mother received an extra bonus gift this year. haven't had the chance to actually open and review it until today. packaging: neat typography on the box itself; mug was nestled inside very snugly. beware the hemp covering because it does shed a bit. straps found under the mug; small strap connected to the long one. design: not sure if i got the faux or real leather, but the finish is soft and smooth to the touch. very happy with it, except the inside of the holder seems to be glued together; i hope it will be sturdy enough to last. underneath the cap, there is an inscription saying how many ounces the product could hold. opening and closing the lid is fairly easy, just required a bit of elbow grease in the beginning. if there's anything to touch upon, it is that there are subtle machine-made marks and a smell/taste reminiscent of the manufacturing plant. practicality: the top of the mug is round but becomes slightly oval towards the tip. as a result, the covering must be put on in a specific way and not just casually slipped on. unless it is pushed on very securely, the holder is prone to falling off. the opening and the lid is leakproof, as promised. the mug will keep liquids hot for up to an hour; after that, it becomes lukewarm. right now, i'm happy with the goat mug for casual use. in the long term, i might be looking to purchase spare holders.
received my two grande mugs christmas eve, so my mother received an extra bonus gift this year. haven't had the chance to actually open and review it until today. packaging: neat typography on the box itself; mug was nestled inside very snugly. beware the hemp covering because it does shed a bit. straps found under the mug; small strap connected to the long one. design: not sure if i got the faux or real leather, but the finish is soft and smooth to the touch. very happy with it, except the inside of the holder seems to be glued together; i hope it will be sturdy enough to last. underneath the cap, there is an inscription saying how many ounces the product could hold. opening and closing the lid is fairly easy, just required a bit of elbow grease in the beginning. if there's anything to touch upon, it is that there are subtle machine-made marks and a smell/taste reminiscent of the manufacturing plant. practicality: the top of the mug is round but becomes slightly oval towards the tip. as a result, the covering must be put on in a specific way and not just casually slipped on. unless it is pushed on very securely, the holder is prone to falling off. the opening and the lid is leakproof, as promised. the mug will keep liquids hot for up to an hour; after that, it becomes lukewarm. right now, i'm happy with the goat mug for casual use. in the long term, i might be looking to purchase spare holders.
tbh im just resorting to posting on their instgram and feacebook accounts now because they seem to have stopped even repsonding to people on here.
this site shows last login dates, anze is showing as logging in  'last login dec 22 2015' yet no post here about all the issues people are having. i guess it's easier to duck and hide till the new year and come back with more bad excuses.  i will certainly be a lot more thoughtful about backing projects in the future if this is how they are handled.
just received my goat mug, 8/10. design is great, it is not leakproof. mug has been spontaneously leaking ever since i poured my iced coffee into it, well below the fill line. would probably not buy again.
pre-order came earlier than backer.
hahahaha!!!  hohohoho!!! found both hand straps attached to the longer shoulder straps. very clever design i must admit. pretty awesome.
finally received my mugs and opened one today. happy to say that i'm quite pleased with the design and apparent quality of the mug. however, the real test is with using it, which i'll do soon hopefully. the straps look and smell like real leather. however, not too sure with the holder, which i also requested for real leather instead of the faux. some small add-ons are a nice surprise. to the backer below who says he didn't receive the hand/wrist strap, did you check properly? it's clipped together with the larger strap. you have to unhook it from the larger one.
backer #716 i received  2 units of mugnigicent goat mug on christmas eve. brown colour and panton colour. both came without hand strap. both mugs measured at 23cm long. can someone please let me know if my mugs are grande type?
the campaign page stated goat mug as 19.5cm long, height wise. my goat mugs are 23 to 23.5cm long. what height is gande ?
backer #716 i received  2 units of mugnigicent goat mug on christmas eve. brown colour and panton colour. both came without hand strap. both mugs measured at 23cm long. can someone please let me know if my mugs are grande type?
so i still haven't received an e-mail about my grandes. i did find a normal-size hemp edition on a medieval fair and bought it because i kind of regretted not having backed for a normal-size mug earlier. it looks good. it's leak-proof. but has anyone on here actually ever tried to keep their drink warm for any period of time in a goat mug? under what conditions was this product tested to claim that it will keep drinks warm for up to two hours? i tried bringing fresh coffee from home to work. i poured it right before i left. it's a 40-minute bicycle ride and i had the mug slung over my shoulder so i could take a sip on the road. not only did the holder slip off whenever the horn brushed against my jacket (definitely not carrying this anywhere on the short strap after this experience) - after twenty minutes, the mug felt a lot cooler. i took a sip and the contents were lukewarm at best. about 35 minutes after pouring it in the mug, my coffee was stone cold. and the mug is not microwave safe either, so reheating the coffee wasn't exactly an option. guys, did you really take a year to perfect the design of these mugs and forget all about one of the most important things about a travel mug - insulation? seriously? my coffee stays warm longer in an ordinary coffee cup!
i received both my grande with out the wrist strap.
yeah. mine has since gone from hauppage ny to compton ca, too.
finally got mine today. not sure how i feel about the design implementation of the fake leather holder. there seems to be a strip of fake leather wrapped and glued over a plastic case with its overlaps folded inward. the whole point of the holder is to constantly take the mug in and out and i am starting to foresee that this glued on strip will soon start to peel off. i hope that im wrong about this but you would think that with such a unique design that constitutes constantly taking it on and off you would want to have a more apparent durable way to wrap the piece.
can anybody give me a email address that i can talk to the goat company?
i can't find any information about the tracking number or inform mail about the shipping,too.i leaves the message on the kickstarter app several days ago,but there is no any response till now. is there any way to reach the members and get my questions answered?
finally got mine just before christmas. thank you so much
i also have not received a tracking number yet
am i the only one who still didn't receive any tracking number ?
update: my order finally processed today 10/24/15 @2:40 am. it went from hauppauge,ny to compton, ca like @matt simmons. estimated delivery is now january 2, 2016 instead of dec 26
update: it apparently took six days to arrive at the dhl facility, and has since gone from hauppage ny to compton ca. i'd estimate it will be straight outta there and to me early next week. my guess is that this package was just not tendered to dhl promptly.
i have the same issue as matt. i could literally have walked to the city where this is listed as being mailed from by now.  very frustrating.
the dhl shipping number i received is still showing that the shipment has been en route to their distribution center since 12/17 with an estimated delivery date of today. there have been no updates, and i have not received a reply to my email. i backed this project early (over a year ago) so a few more days won't kill me (probably), but i do think it's reasonable to expect an update under the circumstances.
i just received both of my grandes, i did not receive any wrist strap with it
i have to say, i've gone over my cream/brown grande mug carefully, and maybe i got lucky but i don't have many of the issues described below.  the exterior looks fine without any blemishes, although maybe the black mug just makes it more visible?  lid screws firmly into place with no leaks and is aligned correctly with the curvature of the cup.  the lid cap itself isn't sticky although the little rubber goat logo section is, slightly. no machine marks on the inside of the cup on mine... the holder stays on, but i wouldn't travel about with just the small clip attached as it would definitely fall off at some stage.  no issues if you use the longer strap since if the holder falls off the cup it will just stay connected via the strap. the only thing i was a little disappointed in was the logo on the leather holder.  as mentioned below, it's not a darker shade as shown in the prototype/3d rendered versions, and is quite hard to see clearly.  i thought the little black vinyl goat sticker might help, but it's not the right size. anyway, i'm happy enough, so thanks goat-team! :)
@denise lim, yes i received the tracking before that.
i agree with @xie wangyang. the mug looks like cheap imitation from taobao.com in china. the only saving grace could be that it doesn't leak... at least for now.  for me, the holder doesn't stay on the cup, no matter how hard i push, once i put on the strap, the holder slides off the mug. i also expected the logo on the holder to be tinted, as seen on the prototype. removing the mug from the clip is cumbersome and i fear that the clip will not last long with frequent use. it is a cool mug, i just hope it can last as long as possible to make it worth the wait and money.
i re-checked my confirmation and it's been pushed back from the 26th to 29th. not entirely unexpected or upsetting. just putting that out there for other americans who might have a delivery date changed.  @xie wangyang had some critical comments but i looked at an instagram photo that was linked by a backer and the mugs looked fine. we shall see if all the delay was even remotely worth it.
@xie wangyang wow.. that sounds pretty bad. i try not to take much heed of reviews as some people are just happy to finally get the item/s and don't actually properly do a once over when they arrive. i'd like to think that it was just a factory screw up but seeing as someone else had the same issue.. ugh i'll be doing a once over x 3 when.. if i eventually get mine -_- no time or patience for this crap anymore tbh it's been a year now with changes, delays and excuses. no notifications being sent out to people despite being told by himself on nov 24th "@paul lonergan- hi, we are aware that isn't the best time for shipping anything, but mugs are the best present that you can get. all packages have their tracking numbers and you will be able to check on a regular basis :) " clearly not the case when people have had them arrive with no a single notification. 23rd of dec and still nothing..  and i get the feeling there will be no updates or posts till well after xmas/the new year. last update was the 14th and last post by anze was the 11th. i am assuming they have taken xmas off etc  ...great stuff altogether.
@gary hass same thing for me. was really hoping to get it by the 22nd.
dec. 14: package is ready to ship! dec. 17: shipping label created, dhl has your package and it will ship from new york soon!  dec. 22: your package is in california, and will ship soon! as soon as dhl hands it over to usps. still no info. available from usps for the tracking # provided. dec. 23: package has left the dhl facility, still no actual tracking inifo. from usps. chance of receiving items by dec. 25...zero. yes, i know that wasn't promised, but it's frustrating that my package went from ny to ca over the course of the past 10 days, and there's still no estimation of when it will arrive in il. (rant over)
although @xie wangyang's comments seem to be harsh, when i look at my mugs (2 regular brown and 1 grande black), i have to agree his points from point 1 to 11, and so for the p.s. these might not be isolated incidents.
highly disappointed with the recent 5 day increase on my order as i now find my package will literally becoming straight outta compton. now my package not be arriving for christmas after the darn near year of waiting and after concerns and complaints from @xie wangyang i am quite nervous considering you prided your self with design and quality. when you go so strong in your promotional presence in "perfecting" the mug we as a consumer expect a dam good product. i will wait for my package to arrive and review my mug as well to see if this was truly worth it and frankly if not how i will make my own goat mug.
the update on the 14th did say it could take 2 weeks for the mugs to arrive, i think europe will be last to receive them, but i would have expected a tracking number by now. hope we all have them by the end of this year
received my black grande goat mug today. to be honest... i'm very disappointed. a few main reasons why: 1. the mug looks nothing like the smooth-surfaced, glossy black horn in the promotional pictures, but instead uses those cheap plastic that are commonly used for the caps on cheap coffee mugs (which the cap on this mug also resembles in terms of materials and build quality) that companies give out as welcome gifts.  2. even with the cheap plastic, there are areas all over the mug where the surface were already worn down to a smoother, matte surface. you can literally see the areas where the machines had contact with the mug during manufacturing. 3. the mug, is not properly curved. if looked at perpendicular to the curving tip, you can see a bulges along the otherwise smooth curve to the tip.  4. while the leather holder looks good, it seems on be glued onto a plastic base. i can see the leather coming off eventually afer use.  5. the shape of the mug is not fully circular, leaving the holder with a circle opening up top, and an oval on at the bottom. while this conforms to the shape of the horn when fitted right side up, using the holder as a base on a desk leaves gaps on the sides of the contact point between holder and mug, which makes it less stable. 6. minor nitpick, but the goat logo on the holder was supposed to be painted gold/brown tint. this was not the case for mine. 7. cap also has the same surface problems as the mug itself per described above. 8. cap doesn't screw back into the correct position (i.e. centered perpendicular to the line of curvature of the horn), making it look really ugly and also means the hooks, when the strap is attached, will not align properly. 9. rubber used as stopper for the drinking hole and the breathing hole are feels sticky, like when you leave action figures with those flexible rubber clothes in the sun and melted the surface a little. not sure if safe to drink coffee if it comes in contact with them. 10. inner surface of the mug was designed to be glossy. which is a pretty poor design decision, considering that's the area we wash and scrub to clean the mug. though that doesn't matter in my case because there were already multiple circular scratches on the inner surface caused by the drill used to drill the breathing hole. 11. leather on the straps feel nice, but the hooks... are basically hooks that commonly used in straps for those cheap pouches you can get for $5 at roadside stalls in thailand. not something you expect to find in a mug that emphasizes design as the major selling point. tl;dr version: lots of manufacturing and design flaws. the actual product looks like a cheap imitation of the actual mug when compared to the kickstarter promotional images. in conclusion - i honestly do not think i would pick this up if i saw this at a store for any price... early bird or not. starbucks mugs costs cheaper and have better manufacturing quality. p.s. for people who have not received your mug, i would advise to open your parcel in an area you would not mind dirtying a bit (like a front yard or something). the hemp bag (which somehow also looks like a cheap imitation of a real hemp bag, which somehow makes and does not make sense at the same time) holding the mug sheds hemp threads more than a dog/cat on a coach.
just received my mugs as well in malaysia. at the risk of sounding like an idiot, does the lid actually come off from the mug? i've tried twisting and pulling it open but it feels like its part of the main mug and i'm scared of applying strong force on it.
i just receive my grande mugs... i also live in south korea. looks good and awesome!!
yay, grande goat mug arrived in korea!  the bag says '2014' on it, but i'm happy with the product. :d  will test it out today - hopefully no leaks!
@tan beng-watt, did you receive any tracking number before receiving your gift?
still can't track the package. after so many delays i honestly can't say that i am as excited in getting these awesome mugs anymore :c as one of the early backers that made the final stretch goal possible who filled up their survey and haven't changed our addresses (no complications whatsoever), i figured that we'd get some sort of priority or something. it's a bit discouraging seeing other people get theirs first based on location. idk maybe it's just me. i'm tired and i'm just rambling. i couldn't give this product as a birthday present  last summer. most likely i can't give it as a christmas present either. at this point i just want to get my mugs sometime during winter break without further complications.
received my x'mas gift today in malaysia - grande goat mug,  thanks
anze could you provide a sufficient response with regard to the emails people still haven't received. the fact that some people got mugs without any prior notification i find extremely strange. you stated in previous responses that all shipments would have tracking on them and notification would be sent. clearly this isn't the case. so can you please update this thread with a legitimate response and not a 'do not worry you'll get your mug reply'.. an actually explanation into what has and is happening. thank you
hi, i have yet to receive a tracking number for my grande mug.
it's a little strange... i got an email 2 december, which says that my order is on its way (unfortunately no tracking number). now 20 days later i still haven't heard anything. i suppose the mugs are sent by donkeys or by bicycle. with your kind of logistics, i don't expect any delivery in december as you promissed :(  the strange thing is, that the items you claim to have send, is the black mugs i ordered last. the white ones i backed on kickstarter wasn't mentioned in the email. it looks like that the people that showed confidence in your product from the very beginning, is the one who get their mugs last :( i think you got a great product... but the people behind is simply  too unproffesional to handle a project like this. hopefully i will get my mugs (all of them) in the new year :(
hello i just know my mug is shipping to ca which my friend's home , sadly is my friend just move in this dec, so how can i do?
got my 3 mugs today in china! can't wait to use them. the keychain looks like it can serve some purpose, can anyone enlighten us? thanks!
wow my mugs came just in time for christmas, very happy, thanks.
get my grande size mug today in malaysia. thank again. :)
really starting to think that (at last for those of us in the us) the dhl info was sent ahead and put into the system (triggering the dhl shipping confirmation email) while the physical product is still on the boat/plane from over-seas and won't be updated as being shipped from the ecommerce distribution center until they've arrived, been tagged, sorted, and put onto their trucks/planes in the us. that would explain why the usps tracking #s aren't in the usps system yet either. did anyone else who has received their mugs get a dhl confirmation long before the product began to show up on the tracking page?
no email yet and nothing in the spam folder. seeing as it's the 21st i'm guessing that there's no chance of the 2 mugs getting from china to ireland by xmas eve... birthday missed, now very high chance of xmas missed... maybe i might actually have it for my mates birthday next august -_-
haven't got my mug yet, but the mail tracking shows that it already left hongkon.
received all 3 mugs today! 2 grande and 1 hemp edition. https://instagram.com/p/_jwcdxwq0egwo_7qvezv1xfwb7r5p806f0rt40/
get my 10 goat mugs today in taiwan too. so far so good.
get my 10 goat mugs today in taiwan.
lj: sometimes the shipping info gets put into the system before the package itself is registered. it may have gotten to the facility, but not put into the system in time for it to be uploaded/updated online on friday. dhl may also not work on the weekend, so we may (i hope) get notifications that it is already on its way on monday as the tracking system catches up with the physical work. then again, it may still be sitting on a pallet in a shipping center waiting to be scanned in and separated out to regional departure locations and it'll begin its final travels on monday. also depending on the shipping software, it can sometimes be 48-hours delayed and i've occasionally received my packages the same day the first notifications are sent out. hopefully they're on their way and we'll see them before thursday. :d
finally get mine mugs today in taiwan.   many thanks for the team's effort to produce such a great cup.
got my tracking number, the long wait is almost done.  can't wait to get my hands on my shiny new grande's.  to the goat mug team, thank you for all your hard work and dedication
any one from the uk or europe received a tracking number?  i'm still waiting for the number
received my tracking info dec. 17.... and its still processing 3 days after. anyone else experiencing this?
received my dhl shipping info today. the package is still being processed, but at least it's on its way to western michigan.
i got my tracking number and my mug is due the day after christmas. it was a long wait but i'm excited and happy to know my project is a tangible item on it's way.
hi, i have a question regarding my product. i pledged 29 dollars and selected goat mug with leather straps extra - early bird project. it was estimated to be sent in 04/13/2015. but i never get this package. if it's possible that you can trace this package for me?? please reply me with email. dm_judy@hotmail.com
got my goat mug  but may i know any special use for the sticker and key chain:)? just wondering
didn't receive any tracking number too..
it seems only us backers have received shipping info, and no other backers from outside of us has received any tracker info
got my tracking number from dhl!!! ship from  usa
i am in illinois and i just received my tracking email yesterday.  says i should get it on the 26th.  was hoping i would have it in time for christmas, a few days after is still okay.
i have not received a response from dhl; goat team says my address was not updated monday, which was the cut-off, and offered to change the address if i got back within an hour or two... at five in the morning.  it was updated in the survey, but i'm not sure if my getting back to them later via email was successful. i have an active forwarding address, so i am hoping to just have to pay some overage but it's unclear how this is going to get to the door - dhl or usps - so who knows.
no email as of yet and nothing in spam folders.. hopefully early next week. have to say i'm less than impressed on hearing about people who just purchased from the site directly getting their mugs even before some backers!!!
got a tracking number in eastern canada. no delivery estimate, is apparently still with "globegistics" - definitely expecting delivery around the first/second week of january based on previous experience. but hope springs eternal!
@moonrise, check the comments below and you'll find other baa-kers here in taiwan. some of us have received the delivery notes, early or late. try the following steps and you might find your shipping info: check your spam mail inbox. there might be a mail with title like "december 12, 2015 delivery note". or use the full-text search to search the keyword "hkbram", i believe its the some kind of abbreviation of hong kong air mail service.
i lived in taiwan,and i don't get any shipping information now.is there any other guys in taiwan or asia got the information already?
@ nico - i am in the same boat no tracking number, no package, and living in germany.
no tracking number, no package.  any other germans here?
just letting you know i got the tracking number, thank you
got my shipping notice! in philadelphia area with arrival on dec 23rd. not bad for ground shipping this time of year.
@anze thank you for the email update, it's great news on a day before my birthday no less. i can't wait to recieve my mugs!! ty again i know it took you guys a long time to make them perfect for us. �❤
i have received my tracking no, but i cannot found my item in  hkbram system.  they said my shipment order doesnt exist.  whats going on?? @anze please give me the correct tracking no again, please.
@aeon i saw the delivery note you've mentioned, thanks alot!
got shipping information in nyc, says its coming on december 26th too even though its not that far away rn, hopefully it'll come sooner but super excited to get it �
i'm in the us and got mine as well, with tracking number and estimated delivery date of dec. 24. :)
i'm in toronto, canada and i just got my shipping notice for my fellow canadians who might be wondering. waiting for tracking to update though since it doesn't show up at the moment.
finally got my shipping notice. it's scheduled to arrive on christmas eve. i'm glad it's finally on its way, but very disappointed that i won't get to use it until i'm back in the u.s., nearly in february.
ok so i just got my shipping notice from goat story. ( i live  in eastern u.s.) estimated delivery said dec. 26. 2015...crossing  my fingers that it gets here a day earlier at least :c
i have a similar problem to megan also!  i updated my address back in august, but the shipment looks like it's going to my old address.  i sent a message under the view pledge tab, so i am hopeful someone will get back to me to resolve this.
@megan: oh no! :( what if you call dhl (or whomever is your shipping provider) and give them the tracking info, and all that you can to try and have them fix the shipping error? (i don't know if that will work, but it is definitely worth a shot!)
i updated my shipping address when i moved, but just received a tracking email that it's going to my old address - with seemingly no option to reroute.  not cool.
it was from goat story. my shipping agency is from dhl global.
also received tracking info today in the western us! it's not updated, but i know that it'll take a couple days. email sender was tracking@shipstation.com. thank you, anze and the team! hope they'll arrive before christmas!
under what name was the shipping/tracking info on???
also, my email came from tracking@shipstation.com. i didn't get anything from sfcservice.com.
i just got my shipping and tracking information :d i am in the western us. other folks in the us, start checking! :)
@watson @jim yang @bruce liu, i got mine in taiwan. check your spam mail inbox. there might be a mail with title like "december 12, 2015 delivery note". or use the full-text search to search the keyword "hkbram", i believe its the some kind of abbreviation of hong kong air mail service. but since i received the faux leather ones instead of the real leather ones i asked for... so i will join in all you waiting guys again soon :)
got mine today in tasmania, australia! great job, guys! i can't stop grinning :d
arrived today in melbourne australia, just in time for christmas.
@watson @jim yang  neither do i bro in taiwan.
#watson neither do i bro
@watson neither do i bro.
don't get any tracking # in taiwan.
#clive it's not a real goat mug, it's a chinese rip off.
alright lets try follow sandrine bouyer idea and provide a shout out once your mug arrives.
just received it yesterday (adelaide, australia). thanks guys!
just found this on firebox. http://www.firebox.com/product/7313/goat-coffee-mug is that a grande?
i live in va anyone in the us get there's yet?!
i received a tracking number however , i do not know the location of my mug. i live in korea
@kai rodriguez i'm in the southern us and haven't received my mug or a tracking number, but i'm sure they'll be here soon!
@kai rodriguez i'm in the western us, and i haven't received an email or my mug yet. but i am following my mailman like you are in anticipation haha.
looking forward to receiving mine.  no tracking information yet though.
got my grande mugs today(melbourne, australia) so happy and i took one out for a test drive. i did get over a dozen of ppl asked me about "the horn thingy" and sure it looks kool. the mug for sure cannot fit under the grouper so the barista will have to pour the espresso shots in which might result in losing a bit of crema but hey, not the end of the world, with the grand sizing, u can do a triple shots easy. :p i did find the strap is a little too much work every time i need to unclip to pass the mug to the barista then clip back when i done drinking. maybe u guys can come up with a better clip for easier way to do so in the future version? :) i can see the potential lost of the sleeve down the track if i only use the short strap since there is no way to catch the sleeve if it falls out. and with time, heat and wear&tear, the sleeve will eventually loosen up and just slide out when u r not paying attention. might wanna do something about it? or how affordable to buy replacement sleeves? lol overall, i'm happy with the mugs and i honestly think u guys done a good job. yes it took extra time but hey that's the nature of prototyping, unexpected things happens!   once again, gratz and thank you for this kool mug! romelia
has anyone in the u.s received their grande goat mug, specifically southern half?
ahhahhh! my grande mugs unexpectedly arrived today and they are amazing. and huge. i'm so happy. i was planning on letting my husband have one, but i don't know if i want to share...
after like a year of waiting, 1 move, and countless checking for updates on this projects updates my mug will soon arrive. i must admit i feared i was bamboozled when i backed this project initially as it has taken quite some time. yet now i find my self stalking my mail-man in anticipation for this mighty mug.
hi!! so excited to get my grande!! thank you guys for working so darn hard to get them perfected and to us! i do need to find out how to notify your shipping dept of an address change! who shall i talk to?  thanks!! -jessica j
should all of us get our tracking no. now? because i dont get any email either in my spam folder. should i be worried?
hi, can i check my address? i moved recently. pls contact me, thank you.
i'm on the east cost of the us and no email or mug here either. :(
i checked my spam folder and the shipping notice was there! yay! shipping out via china for australia. check your spam folders!
folks who are getting shipping updates, you should state where you are located. for example, i am located in the us, western states. however, i have not received my mug or an email. so i doubt anyone in my same region has either. i cannot wait :)
pretty sure it will take a few days before emails are received by everyone
i have an email from sfcservice.com, the detail is "coffee tumbler with plastic". i hope it's goat mug. however when i track the tracking number, it just showing my country- malaysia and order number, the activity part still nothing. hope it's everything okay. again, be patient abit more. i believe the team has done their best to produce and delivery the goat mug to us. thanks again team.
thanks deez. nothing in my mailbox as yet.
hi, i have a question regarding my product. i pledged 29 dollars and selected goat mug with leather straps extra - early bird project. it was estimated to be sent in 04/13/2015. but i never get this package. if it's possible that you can trace this package for me??
i'm unfortunately with the lot of you that don't have a notice of shipping yet. any communication/updates from our backees on the situation, especially in regards to christmas?
i got the email notice. where is the mugs made in?
personally, i haven't gotten a shipping email yet. but i do hope it'll come regardless
dam man no shipping email.. hope i get it for christmas
i received an email from sfcservice.com and it went to the spam folder. it contains the shipping detail of the goat mugs. hope it helps.
still no email on shipping. what a mess this campaign has been.
anze, could you tell what's the email address & email tittle that would appear in our mailbox? i receive too many spam mails daily so it wouldn't be possible that i screen through the spam folder of all the email there for the delivery notification with tracking number from you, if it happened to go in the spam folder. thanks.
i have not got any shipping notification though, :(
also haven't got my shipping notice on grand mug. hopefully, everything's ok. this project went way too long. :)
it's been exactly one year since i started this, and no sign of any deliver yet. :(
finally, there is some good news.. to me! i hope the other grande mug backers and i will receive the mugs real soon. i received an email notification from shenzhen ems that fell into the spam mail. i was hesitating whether it's a real mail for me or it's spam, until i noticed my order no. in the content. fingers crossed that i get my mugs as ordered and with expected quality.  hope the shipment does reach me in next few days, and before xmas!
i got my shipping notice from hong kong. hoping everything is going well i can receive my mugs with 7 working days!!
i have not received any shipping notice. is there any way to verify our package or get a tracking number?
is the mug made in china?
i have moved since i was asked to verify my shipping address for the campaign, and i have not yet received a shipping notification, but i went ahead and updated my shipping information on the survey (as per directions from previous comments). can you verify that i am not too late in changing this information? sorry for the last-minute notice, and thanks so much for your time and efforts! happy holidays!
@anze thank you for keeping us updated. happy holidays to you too.
hi baa-aackers! we have finally some really great news - our highly-anticipated goat mugs grande are being shipped out from storage locations to the best supporters! more than 10.000 mugs will be travelling all over the world to warm your hands, hopefully before christmas! everyone will receive their shipping notification via email, some of you in spam folder probably. again we are really grateful that you believed in us and supported us by backing our project and with all kind words you wrote!!! you are baa-wesome. happy holidays to all ;)
i'm okay with waiting. i would just love a confirmation on whether they are gonna be shipped by the new year?
hey @anze miklavec@, may i know when my items will be shipped?
any idea when my mug will be shipped
pleaes get us the updated shippment date~!!
would really appreciate an update on the status of shipments
everyone, we need to be patient. i am sure there are a lot of things that are standing in their way, and i guarantee that they will ship out their mugs. they have shipped out the originals, why wouldn't the deliver the grande? backing a kickstarter you should know that road blocks may happen. i have backed three different projects, and all three have had to push their delivery dates. i would rather wait and have a better project, then get my mug, and have it leak, pour sideways, or take forever to screw the lid on or off. we just need to be patient. this may have become bigger then they anticipated, and had to find out what to do.  but i have faith that they'll deliver.
really annoyed. people are saying they got shipping notices, but i have not. this is getting to be ridiculous about 6 months ago.
haven't got mine shipping notice. where are my mugs. waiting waiting waiting.
got my shipping notice! how are they being shipped and is there a tracking number?
i still waiting and waiting..really can't wait to handed goat mug. is there any delivery on going right now?
same here with byung-il, i couldn't find my order number here on my pledge view or in my inbox.  and for those who wish to change their delivery address but couldn't find the survey page anze has mentioned, it has been moved to here: 1. click on (your profile head icon) 2. find "backed projects" section 3. click on "goat mug" item  --(transfer to the goat mug campaign page) --> 4. find the blue "view pledge" button right above the [campaign / updates / comments / share this project] tabs row, click it. 5. you'll see the [reward / survey / messages] tabs row in the floating window, then click the survey tab. 6. that's it. you can edit your address here.
@anze  april.. summer.. fall.. december.. now mid-december.  i hope this time it's final. i got the email about an option of adding additional mug to my order. i dare not do so and take the risk of complicating my order and creating delay to getting my mugs. i just want to know if i don't opt for adding anything extra, do i still need to fill in any form to have my grande mugs shipped?? another update with clear instructions, and firm shipment date please!
i am ordering another mug via your free shipping deal email. however, i cannot find my order number. backer number/ backer name/ order number  8,131/byung-il yu/ ?????? where can i find my order number?
i'd like to think the goat team is well aware of what is most likely going to happen sending 'anything, anywhere' so late into december and will be ready to rectify any issues extremely fast so people are not waiting well into the new year to have any issues resolved. i know i have already stated about the shipping at this date previously.. but given the delays in the project previously... i really haven't the patience to deal with items going missing in the post due to bad timing on the eventual shipping date and then the pains to get it resolved.
@anze miklavec i received the email that informed me of the option to add another mug to my order. however i cannot find my order number. i did not keep the email from when i ordered/paid. will i be unable to add a mug to my order without that number?
hi @ ryan torstvet we will make an update immediately when we have all the relevant information :) for now only i can say is that orders are expected to be shipped out in mid december!  @ meshary alobaid  - check inbox! :)
hello i made an order, one regular mug and the other one is grande .. is it possible to change the adress now? instead of shipping it to the us, can u ship it internationally ??
i think another update to confirm the official current status on shipment might be a good idea.
@alexandra abney - check your inbox! :)
@anze miklavec - i should be leaving town the 13th of december.
@jake laperruque  please click on your avatar in the top right corner (on www.kickstarter.com), and go to "backed projects", find "goat mug: ... " and click on it. there should be a pop up window opening that consists of 3 tabs, choose the middle one called "survey". you can make changes to your address there. @alexandra abney - we still expect to send it in mid december. when are you moving? @tunky seccareccio-mullins & sheila shelton- as i said, we are still expecting to ship mugs to our backers in mid december. our goal is to deliver before christmas :)
i bought this as a christmas present for a family member last year and doesn't look like it will even get here by this christmas..i have a good family that understands but it is now the family joke.. patiently waiting ...
i pledged this almost a whole year ago now. and shipment was due in april.... are the mugs going to be shipped any time soon?
hey yall, how are the final shipping dates looking? i know you said mid-december, but i was wondering if yall had anything more specific. depending on the shipping date, i may have to change my address.
i've moved since backing this project - how can i update my address for when the grande mugs ship?
@alec shen & @byung-il yu - hi, your grande sized goat mugs will be shipped out this december! you can check our latest update here https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/goat-mug/goat-mug-original-goat-story-crafted-into-a-coffee/posts/1396426.  @ sahil tanwar - check your inbox.
hi, could you tell me when can i get my mug? did i backed high-tech. electronic stuff?
hey! i am a backer from last year until today. i nevertheless have not get my "goat mug".  when and where can i get it? please permit me know can i get it or not! thanks!
@anze   i want a refund.  tell me the way out if this please. please inbox me. i don't want a mug.  i'm no longer emotionally attached to this brand.  it's only true.  receiving delivery by april is not feasible for me.
@sahil tanwar - hi sahil, everybody has a right to an opinion. i am sure that all our kickstarter backers and everyone else, who follow our goat story, see how hard we try to deliver an amazingly designed mugs for coffee lovers with best quality possible. which sometimes means longer testing, replacing for better materials, ... and delayed production.
@yves    you know what is logical?  to deliver on time.  sadly though you don't get it or you're part of the process.   @anze you've killed the brand before it even took off.  one time investment only i'm afraid
@m.a.  - hi, let me clear something out, because it seems you are a little confused :) you have pre-ordered regular (original) size goat mug, which is availabe, meanwhile grande sized goat mugs are almost produced and will be available and shipped out in december 2015 to all backers. @ricardo beltrán durán - hi ricardo, your mugs will be delivered in december! really soon! ;) @yves arseneau - hi, that is right. all original goat mugs were shipped to all kickstarter backers. we can't wait as well to hear your opinion! @steven maier- hi, yes, all kickstart backers who pledged for original goat mug received their mug! we appreciate your's support and everybody else's, for us is really important to deliver our products with best design & quality possible :) @patricia colon - hello, yes you chose one grande and one original goat mug. both will be shipped out together in december :) @scotty mccartney - hi, everything is going well, actually on schedule! yaaay :) @ng teng hui - hello, all mugs will be shipped out in december, however it depends on your delivery service in your country. goat team is doing their best to fulfill orders before year 2016 :d @paul lonergan- hi, we are aware that isn't the best time for shipping anything, but mugs are the best present that you can get. all packages have their tracking numbers and you will be able to check on a regular basis :) @kelvin & david dragon - hi, mugs are in final production and will be sent in december to all our supporters! it is however hard to say when exactly. i must say that everything depends on delivery service in your country :)
i'm going to second @kelvin 's post, just looking for an updated timetable is you all could provide that! this item is a gift for a friend, and since i already wasn't able to give it to him for his birthday one month ago, i was hoping to be able to deliver it for christmas. an updated timetable would give me the information i'd need on whether to try to find something else as a gift for the holiday season. thanks, and still looking forward to this!
is there an update for this week now? we should be past mid november and now into 2nd half of nov as per the latest updates. mid november: the production of grande goat mugs is finished, second half of november: all grandes are distributed to 3 different storages around the globe, mid december: if all goes well, we start the shipping of 16,000 mugs to 9,000 addresses in 61 countries. if i read correctly, by mid december, goat story team would have started shipping out the mugs and that might take about 1-2 weeks before it will reach us. since holiday season is upon us, there is a high chance grande backers will only get by 2016 jan? sigh.
@anze regarding the shipping in december.. seeing as it is the worst time to ship anything due to it being close to xmas and things tend to 'vanish' etc.. can you please confirm that all items shipped will be sent with proper tracking?
love your goat mug. wish i can receive mine 1 on this coming dec shipping. thanks.
hey, anze. i hope everything is going well so far. how's december looking so far?
it's been so long since i ordered the mug and did the survey but i don't recall which mug i chose. i think i chose a grande and a regular one. will they come together on december or what?
@m.a. have you thougth about your comment and secondary reply to yves properly? please think before you write. now let me spell it out for you! regular mug backers have already received their regular mugs, since they are already available for a few months. this means that if you order a regular mug through the website, goat team can ship them freely, since no backers are still waiting for the regular mugs (at least i hope not...). any normal person would agree that the goat team can sell and ship the regular mugs freely, since those have already been sent out to backers. that part of the campaign has already been fullfilled. it is the grande mug that backers are still waiting on, and pre-orders for those are definitely later on the shipping list then ks backers. we are waiting for the grande mugs, which are not ready for shipping yet. perhaps if you had pre-ordered the grande mug via the website, and received it already, then you would have a fair point. now you are just trying to make waves, and disrespect yves in the process with your rude reply. like sahil, you do not appear to be thinking in a logical way. don't forget the fact that it are two different product lines. you cannot expect the goat team not to sell and ship any regular mugs while waiting on the grande mug. if you expect that, then you have obviously no idea about how to conduct a sustainable business... also why would the goat team not accept any additional pre-orders for the grande mug (providing the ks backers will be first on the shipping list when the grande is finally ready). they should continue to push for more sales, in order to make revenue. they are a business, and we as backers would like their business to succeed, hence we backed their products. accepting more pre-orders means that they are selling more mugs, and being more succesful. please use your brain, it is there for a reason!
@yves have you read my comment properly? let me spell it out for you in greater detail... i wrote: i ordered the regular as a random person through the website, not kickstarter. my order through kickstarter was/is a grande while my regular was ordered through the website as a regular non-backer customer. so my question is, if anze mentioned that backers will receive their regular mugs before regular buyers from the website, how on earth did i get my regular mug before leland did? i ain't trying to give anze a hard time, but if he mentions it so and it turns out to be the other way around, i will want to help my fellow backers.
hey m.a., you ordered a regular sized mug, those have already shipped to kickstart backers, we are all waiting on the grande mugs.  i can't wait to get mine
@ricardo if you've been reading the updates, it'll ship december
hi, i want to know where are my 2 grande mugs?
@sahil @leland @anze anze while i respect and liked how you have been so patient with us, i took note of your response to leland and sahil that you will place kickstarter backers at priority and send the mugs to them before customers who made pre-orders right? in my need of a mug and urgency, i went to the website and made a pre-order for a regular mug (my grande is ordered via kickstarter) and  i am sure the computer or staff surely does not know i am a kickstarter backer and my regular mugs is arrive a week later. so my question is, how do you explain yourself that kickstarter backers get priority over pre-order backers and yet when i randomly ordered through your website as a pre-order, i got the regular mug earlier than leland or sahil who ar kickstarter backers?
@zan - of course. in that case it’ll be shipped within a week :)  @lucas - the estimated shipping time for grande is december, so that’s when you’ll get your mug with t-shirt :) @sebastian - you mug is already on its way :)  @sahil & leland -  we really want to treat all our supporters equally so we’re also truly thankful to all customers, who made pre-orders via our website. as you may know by now, the amount of orders is enormous and we’re doing our best to handle everything and to offer you the best product as soon as possible. we did however made a priority list, so kickstarter backers are definitely among first, whose packages will be send out of our warehouse.
still no mugs or shirt here. any updates?
anze, if i decide to switch back to the regular mugs would i get them sooner?
hello together, i have ordered two mugs. i received one, send emails, get answers but no second mug! whats the reason for 'not answering emails from customers which paied my production'? thats not funny anymore! :(
sahil has a point, sadly. get the product to those who backed this project first. fulfilling new preorders at the same time as your backers is bad business. shame. for this, and other reasons, i'd rather have my money back as well.
hey anze just checked the goat-story.com website and clicked on pre-order. so basically, you're taking pre-orders that will get delivered around the same time i.e. mid december, as the people who 'pledged' in your campaign for grande mugs i'm so done with you guys man... let me show you what a pissed customer 'feels' like.. get ready for the fall of this 'fake' product and company. honestly... i want my money back.. i no longer want your goat mug... all this is stupid now.. i liked it and i wanted you guys to succeed..and what do you do instead?  pull wool over our eyes????
@ethan, we cannot give you a specific date actually, but please visit www.goat-story.com and subscribe to our newsletter if you haven’t done so yet and you will be the first one to know when that will happen. @raj, @carl, @lam, actually there is some news, you can read up here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/goat-mug/goat-mug-original-goat-story-crafted-into-a-coffee/posts/1396426 @kim, click on your avatar in the top right corner (on www.kickstarter.com), and go to "backed projects", find "goat mug: ... " and click on it. there should be a pop up window opening that consists of 3 tabs, choose the middle one called "survey". you can make changes to your address there @paul, it appears as some of our backers fail to do so :) @aisha we had problems with leakage on the grande, that was one of the main reasons for all the delays, but we fixed that. i am sure you will love your grande goat mug :)
hi, i just wanted to confirm that the grande will be as leakproof as the original size, it's just that id rather have the smaller size of it means less chance of leaking. thank you.
smh....it's about time....
do any of ye below read the posts or updates at all -_-
i am moving house soon, so need to change the address i supplied for shipping as the grande goat mugs will be delivered after my move. where can i do this?
i'm waiting for my grande mugs, hv news update?
i'm waiting for my grande mugs, hv news  update?
any updates about the grande mug?
when will the new website be launched?
@adrian, we can see that you made changes to your address. thanks for the heads up!
@anze  dear anze, i have changed my survey name from chinese to english spelling. because i backed another program, (smart rope) they told me fedex wont accept non-latin character name. please confirm i just click the "edit address" button to  change it. should i send another letter to your customer service?
@mattias, if the logo on the holder is “pressed” into the holder, then you received real leather, if it is “scratched out” of the holder, you received faux leather. you can check the box you received your goat mug in also - there is a barcode on the side and above it you can find the name of the item enclosed. let us know what you find out.  @thane, @christine, @melani, @paul, we are going to be posting an update very soon, we promise! @windy, you have a message waiting. @vito, the grande mugs are still scheduled to be sent out in december. please read up on our updates: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/goat-mug/goat-mug-original-goat-story-crafted-into-a-coffee/updates
halo, how can i know the delivery status of my grande mug?
pls add an update i also emailed you guys awhile ago about possibly changing to regular size mug because this was taking so long and no one ever got a response
well the last update on the 22nd said they grande mug design was perfected etc .. so it's been a little over a month.. i would have assumed they have gone into production by now in the same manner the regular sized mugs did. if the mugs are not to be shipped until december (the single worst time to post anything anywhere -expect a crap ton of lost items and then even longer wait times to get replacement mugs) .. i am assuming the mugs are not being made on a large scale level and they are waiting for how ever many thousands to all be made and then ship at the same time.. given the amount of money the project was funded for it would seem strange that the production/shipping is taking so long though!
still hopeful and will be excited once the grande mug arrives but could we possibly get an official update on current progress?
i would really like to know when the grande mugs will actually be shipped, they look so awesome and i really want one but it feels like an eternity since i ordered them. i keep myself updated on the updates, but it has been quite quiet there for about a month now. i appreciate that you make the product perfect before shipping but on the other hand i feel like you have had such a vast amount of time to do it and i find it more and more difficult to make up excuses why i'm not enjoying great coffee out of my stylish grande mug. hopefully it won't be too long now ! :d
just wondering what's going on with the grande mugs.  it's been a month since the last update.  excited to get my grande!
i have recieved my mug and ive been loving it use, however just realised something though, my mug is not what i ordered, i asked for real leather strap and holder and under close inspection it is faux leather, how do i get in contact with the creators?
@neysa, thank you very much for the review, we tried our best making a truly leak-proof design, we are glad that we succeeded. :) @toby, we have you down for 2 grande mugs, those are being delivered in december. read up on our updates here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/goat-mug/goat-mug-original-goat-story-crafted-into-a-coffee/updates
may i know when can my mugsssss arrived ?!�� i am consumer from hk
i had an unexpected surprise in my mail yesterday!  stoked!  i brought my mug to work with me today and i thought i'd leave you my first blush findings.   the clips for the handle and the sling work so much better if the user clips them to the mug.  the plastic would take a beating if you kept scratching it with them from clipping and unclipping.   it is actually a no leak design!  first mug in years to not dump coffee everywhere.  so chuffed about that.   the only thing i could add to make this a little cooler is to have a little click in ridge for the mug sleeve.  i hung my mug off my belt loop while teaching riding lessons and had to pick up the sleeve a few times.  i was able to jam it on there after the last time, but having a little ridge so it could click in would fix the problem more securely.  other than that, i love love love my mug!  thank you!
@jangmin, you chose a grande goat mug, those are scheduled to be delivered in december. read up on our updates: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/goat-mug/goat-mug-original-goat-story-crafted-into-a-coffee/updates
i don't know what's going on with my mug but i still havnt received mine yet. can you tell me whether or not you actually sent mine yet? i am getting out of patience
@youngin, we are sorry you feel this way.  @ethan :d thanks for your trust! @siting, @chris, you can change your shipping address by following these instructions: click on your avatar in the top right corner (on www.kickstarter.com), and go to "backed projects", find "goat mug: ... " and click on it. there should be a pop up window opening that consists of 3 tabs, choose the middle one called "survey". you can make changes to your address there. if you somehow fail just get in touch with us via private messages here on ks.
i will move soon so how can i change the delivery address?
hey anze, my grande mug has not shipped yet, but i am moving to a different house. how can i change my shipping address?
hey anze, since youngin shin will just trash his mug, i will take it! :d just swap his shipping address to mine. i haven't lost faith :)
@justin chen 我也是從三月到現在還沒收到 結果是信箱有封確認的信件沒填⋯ 我以為在kic網站和亞馬遜網站填好住址就沒事了⋯ 現在也在擔心收不到
got an email titled "your lametric is in transit" with a tracking #! whoa! wait, it's not from goat story, but a different kickstart project called "lametric", which i funded last year, august 1st. finally! i love lametric team. thank you, you guys rock! lametric was a very complicated device with layers of software and it shipped in 1y/2m. man.. goat mug is just a mug and it takes literally 1y to ship? not even sure. i already lost all interest in this mug and as soon as it ships, no matter when it'll be in the future, i will just crush it and throw away and post a youtube video that records i'm doing it.
@deb & @natalia we're waiting for the conformation of a few more details so we can send out more exact information. we'll be sending out an update approximately on wednesday. @sebastian & @kirby sorry you haven't heard from us yet. our team will surely get back to you via email or private message and we'll do everything to arrange your items reach you asap
update of grande mugs? :)
sent a pm about receiving the wrong color combination for one of my mugs and haven't heard back. i ordered 2 mugs, one brown and one marsala. i received two brown mugs but one was in a marsala box. i'd like the marsala and want to know what needs to be done to rectify this. thanks.
hello goat-mug team... i don´t get any answer when i send you a pm! so i will go this way! i ordered a set of two mugs and received only one! when did i get my second(black) mug?? is it to hard to answer a message?? :(
are the grande mugs actually going to be shipped in december? i feel like every month we've been getting a new promise on the ship date....
@justin, as 黃秋鍠 said, the grande sized mugs are going to be shipped out in december. @dor, your package is leaving our facilities with dhl tomorrow or the day after tomorrow the latest. you should also have an e-mail waiting. apologies for all the inconveniences!
hi @anze,  been waiting for your reply over 3 weeks now! both on email and here! still didn't get my original mug, even after i've added 6.5$ for dhl shipment for your request.. whats going on? can i get a confirmation that the mug was shipped? a tracking number of the dhl shipment that i've paid for? any reply at all?! it's been really frustrating so far
@justin chen    我原本是購買加大版的（grand)，後來換成正常版的(original),他們很少在這個地方看訊息，你必需寫信到他們的信箱，或是在contact 發問問題，這樣獲得的回覆會較快。
@黃秋鍠 我去年就訂購了 原本說是三月出貨 就一直等等等等道現在還沒收到貨品  也不知道要怎麼解決?
@justin chen   do you order "grand" goat mug?it will be sent in december.i have gotten my original goat mugs in september.
hello anytaiwanese !! product was received it? i just waiting for long time!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@yuma, @cruz, as i can see you chose the grande sized mug. those are going to be delivered in december. please read up on our updates here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/goat-mug/goat-mug-original-goat-story-crafted-into-a-coffee @brook, awesome! we are super glad you like it. enjoy it to the fullest! @alishba, check your inbox.  @yeong, @ka you can contact us via private messages here on kickstarter.  @humyraa, agh, that is unfortunate! we saw that some of the goat mug users are putting on key rings to ensure better strength, maybe try that? we apologise for the inconvenience.  @randy, that is pretty peculiar, we use our goat mugs all the time and the only time a holder pops off is when it gets stuck to some other object while carrying it … we hope it doesn’t pose too big of a problem. @ethan, you rock more! :) we cannot wait for you to get it also.  @linyihsiung, we have you down for 1 original and 1 grande, if you would like to swap that to 2 original goat mugs, please get in touch with us privately.
@goat team: i had  ordered two original mugs many months ago, but i still don't receive my mugs till now. can you plz check the status of my order again? here is the e-mail i registered for my order: caminolin@yahoo.com.tw many thanks.
i'd like to change expected delivery address. where can i put request on?
@goat team: hi. y'all rock. i can't wait for my mug :)
hello, please contact me, i havent got my mug yet! thank you cruz fan
first of all, i love to use this mug.  however it always frustrated me when the leather holder fell off. very often when i decide to carry the mug with the short strap (because i couldn't spare a hand to hold it), the leather holder fell off. the mug should not be carried by the short strap since it lacks of friction or some mechanical stop to keep it in place. now my leather holder is gone for good :(. how do i get a extra one? the one i lost was black.
the clasp on my small strap has broken after only a few uses, quite disappointed.
i'd like to change expected delivery address. where can i put request on?
hello anze. i wanted to change my order to two original mugs, one black and one brown. i sent you a private message, but haven't heard from you. please answer it as you see this comment.
got my mug, no leaking, totally awesome! thank you guys!
i ordered it very long time? when can i get it?
@叶鉴锋 you ordered a grande mug and those are still in production. please read up on our updates: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/goat-mug/goat-mug-original-goat-story-crafted-into-a-coffee/updates @alexadra, we will be posting a new update soon. @neysa, you have a message waiting.
i need to cage te delivery address for my order.  could someone contact me about that, please?  thank you.
hey guys, how's the production outline looking?
why there is no delivery to china?
@aakash & @liz, could you both please drop a picture or two of the leak to the e-mail anze@goat-story.com, we are of course going to be providing you with leak-free lids. thank you!
even my mug is leaking. my table and bag got wet due this leaking.  very disappointed.
my goat mug is leaking. no matter how tight or loose i screw the lid on it leaks.
i've left private comments weeks ago regarding my pledge but have not received any response, is there another method i am to use?
[this is mainly a repost of the latest comment + a little more info on the grande] hi everyone! since many of your questions/comments are repetitive, we are going to reply to all of them at once: 1. all of the original goat mugs have been sent out, regardless of the country. however, there are multiple logistics/postal services delivering them to your front door and sending out the e-mails with tracking numbers. if you still haven't received your mug, you will, don't worry. some addresses take 1-2 days to reach, whereas some of them take more, which is why we kindly ask you for another bit of patience. we know that seeing others using their mugs already can get frustrating, but the fact they received them doesn't mean you won't :) 2. if you already received your mug, but you believe it is not what you pledged for, please write to us privately. here, in the comment section, your request is more likely to get lost. besides, if the request is very specific, we believe you would also be more comfortable with us dealing with it individually rather than here where it is as public as it can get. if we don't reply within a couple of hours, please don't get impatient and bare in mind that there is only a couple of us replying to hundreds of e-mails and messages daily. 3. if you believe there is something wrong with your goat mug, please send us the photo to anze@goat-story.com 4. to all those who ordered mixed orders, i.e. grande and the original mug (on kicktrarter and/or via pre-ordering site) please read our latest update here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/goat-mug/goat-mug-original-goat-story-crafted-into-a-coffee/posts/1326279 5. please, do not request address changes in the comment section. firstly, we are more likely to respond more quickly in the message section. secondly, we believe you wouldn't want the whole world to know your current address. 6. if you requested a change of size please hang in there, we have a ton of messages and we are slowly but surely going to reach each and every one of your messages. again - please do not make requests in the comment section, get in touch with us privately, it is a lot easier to keep track of every wish and complaint there. there is going to be a new update on the grande today, we received the samples - stay tuned ... you will be finding out everything there. to all those who received your mugs and are satisfied with them, we love you guys! keep rocking your goat mugs and share your experiences with us :) yours truly,  the goat story team
hi, i know you had some delivery issues, but i didn't received my grande mug :( #help
@creator    i have gotten my rewards. but i found that they are faux leather mug holders and straps,not "100% real leather mug holder and straps"that i want in my survey . i have left messages to you for 6 days,but you haven't replied to me.can you contact with me?
when can i receive my mug?
the mug is well received and it looks good. thanks anze and the team!
at least, i want to know the tracking number so that i can track my item!!
@craig  i assume you didn't even read the last post directly under your's then!!!.
finally received my order but only received a single mug and not the two that was part of my pledge, can you please correct?
hi everyone! since many of your questions/comments are repetitive, we are going to reply to all of them at once: 1. all of the original goat mugs have been sent out, regardless of the country. however, there are multiple logistics/postal services delivering them to your front door and sending out the e-mails with tracking numbers. if you still haven't received your mug, you will, don't worry. some addresses take 1-2 days to reach, whereas some of them take more, which is why we kindly ask you for another bit of patience. we know that seeing others using their mugs already can get frustrating, but the fact they received them doesn't mean you won't :) 2. if you already received your mug, but you believe it is not what you pledged for, please write to us privately. here, in the comment section, your request is more likely to get lost. besides, if the request is very specific, we believe you would also be more comfortable with us dealing with it individually rather than here where it is as public as it can get. if we don't reply within a couple of hours, please don't get impatient and bare in mind that there is only a couple of us replying to hundreds of e-mails and messages daily. 3. if you believe there is something wrong with your goat mug, please send us the photo to anze@goat-story.com 4. to all those who ordered mixed orders, i.e. grande and the original mug (on kicktrarter and/or via pre-ordering site) please read our latest update here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/goat-mug/goat-mug-original-goat-story-crafted-into-a-coffee/posts/1326279 5. please, do not request address changes in the comment section. firstly, we are more likely to respond more quickly in the message section. secondly, we believe you wouldn't want the whole world to know your current address. 6. if you requested a change of size please hang in there, we have a ton of messages and we are slowly but surely going to reach each and every one of your messages. again - please do not make requests in the comment section, get in touch with us privately, it is a lot easier to keep track of every wish and complaint there.   to all those who received your mugs and are satisfied with them, we love you guys! keep rocking your goat mugs and share your experiences with us :) yours truly,  the goat story team
waiting on the grande. college season is back in, and so is my craving for starbucks. here's hoping to a smooth delivery!
so, uh, any updates for the sept 10th sample that was coming in?
today received my mugs in india.
how is the performance of the mugs in keeping liquid hot inside.
hello! firstly, i want to thank you guys for creating a product that i love and am very excited to own. waiting is such a bummer, and i can understand the obstacles you guys have gone/are going through to make the grande mug as best as can be. however, you guys should have given a reasonable waiting period instead of making empty promises. it makes the waiting all the more longer and at the end of the day it makes you look really bad. at the stretch goal you said they would be ready and delivered by april, knowing full well that it took you a year to design the original mug. logic dictates that you should have given an estimated time frame of a year for the grande, especially if you planned to put a lot of effort into your product. at one point you yourself said “we did expect it to take more time to produce them in comparison to the original mugs’ production.” that 1-year time frame might not have looked pleasing to your backers, true, but look at this now, it's going to be a year. by giving us an extremely early delivery date you raised our hopes and expectations up. and if you really think about it, you gave us false information about your product, thus lying to us. when april came you posted that the new delivery date would be june/july. this news was disappointing, but we were understanding. why? because you never said you were having issues with the grande mug. you kept us in the dark about it. part of me honestly thinks that you didn’t even care about the grande mug at this point in time. it wasn’t until july, 3 months later, that you said anything about grande mug having issues; and once again told us you’ve delayed the delivery date to september/october. now we are here, september, and what have you done for the 3rd time now? delayed the delivery date, this time to december. 3 strikes, the time for being understanding is over, people have the right to be outraged now. let alone the people who ordered the original mugs and still haven’t received them and the people who have been trying to contact you for days without you responding back. i love your product, and i can’t wait to receive it; but you guys have really failed us here. you’ve shown poor decision making, given terrible time frames, filled us with empty promises and delays, and ultimately let us down by not even responding or giving updates. here's to hoping that my grande mug will be delivered in december, and not delayed...again.
pmed last week,no response neither.
has anyone gotten a response to any pm's from anze or anyone from the project in the last week or so? i've tried to give them time to respond because of how busy they might be, but waiting well over a week for a simple yes/no answer is insane.
still waiting on my original goat mug. anyone else in the uk still waiting?
package received in las vegas!  mugs are of exact quality as i could have hoped for.  excellent product guys!  i am one of those who switched from grande mugs to regular mugs.  they got here quick.  can't wait to order the grande sizes from your site once they are finished.  thanks team!
hey guys! it seems that there has been a problem with my order (#10365), i got my tracking id on july 22th and i haven't receive my mugs :( i already called the distribution company globegistics a month ago and they told me to wait a couple weeks more... but they are still not here. hope you could help me. :d
day #69 after the shipping announcement they're here! got my mugs today. thanks! by the way, have anyone tried pour hot water/coffee (as in, freaking hot) into the mug? is it okay?
last reply here from creators - aug. 13. like many others i'm asking if we can switch to the regular mugs as december is a long way off. that's about a year from when you got funded. just would like to check, how many of you have received the mugs?
please tell me when can i get the goods. i never did receive my tracking number either.
hey based on the last update i would like to change the 2 grande cups i got to regular ones because the wait is getting way to long. please change my order and ship it or email me so i can confirm and take care of this action.
hi i ordered 2 grande mugs but now i want to swap those with original ones based on the last update. thanks, chuan
mate, i did order the original mugs and not grande and still no trace of any shipping. you guys are working on the grande size and not original size, so why there is a hold up on original size. can i seek for full refund please. cheers  abhi
i understand the difficulty in mass production but i have already wait for more than half a year. can you please contact me and i want to change my order to original size instead of grande one.
thank you goat team for your update! i am glad my little suggestion is a good fit for some! i am so excited for december! thank you! i hope we all get an update in a couple weeks, even if it's a "nothing has changed" message! thank your for all your hard work! ;-) ~katrina
original selection said delivery in april and now it's december. might there be a chance we can get a free original mug (or something) thrown in with our grandes? :p
please kindly contact me! i just cant wait until dec to receive grande. i would like to change to "a perfect set of two goat mugs + reusable and stylish packaging" (of course plus shipping)
@sahil - that's rude. are you sitting in their offices every day? no. you're not. you have no idea how hard or not hard they are working so personal insults like that are really uncalled for. @veronica - how is this a scam when most of the backers have received their mugs? i have all three of mine.
i count myself as one of the patient people who are happy to wait for a quality product. complain if you get a product that is substandard, privately ask for a refund if the wait time has impacted your life, but please refrain from posting conspiracy theories. its embarrassing seeing people get their knickers in a knot thinking they have been ripped off. the reality is that funding kickstarter is an educated risk. good luck, goat mug people. i can wait for a good product. it's good to see a new company take pride in their product.
hey guys,  i already wait you guys reply my mail for know about when can received the mugs more 1 months , anyone can follow up? thanks
i know things happen- but december? i don't think anything about this project was on time or as planned. honestly, this entire project is sounding more like  scam.
like sahil tanwar said, i'd rather have my money back now than dealing with this 'issue' anymore. i kinda have bad feeling that the ones who posted positive comment here are just one of your people. people are eally tired of waiting, anze.
there was snow on the ground when i funded this project. spring and summer have come and gone, and there will be snow on the ground again by the time i *theoretically* have my grande mug. not cool making people wait this long without regular courtesy updates. it's a coffee mug guys, not a cure for cancer. oh well, guess it'll hang nicely from my walker, since i'll most likely need one by the time it arrives.
i haven't got my "original" size mugs yet.
every update sounds like you're proud of what you're doing  you should be ashamed.. i'd rather have my money back than be involved with a team who says they work hard but actually does not
thanks for the update.  glad that you feel you've made progress on the issues, and i'm eager to hear an honest announcement about the samples you'll hopefully get next week. knowing an approximate date for shipping has restored my excitement a bit... i feel like if you'd been updating us on problems you've been having, and how you're looking at solving them, it would have been a lot more interesting than the silence. the goat mug should be a momento, celebrating the goat mug team overcoming the struggle of designing the (current closest to) perfect goat mug. good luck!  and please keep us *actually* informed.
latest email says shipping by maybe december.. worst time to post anything with it coming up to xmas and a large number of thefts happening within the postal services. tbh while i understand the issues the creators are having i've lost interest. i'm sure the two i ordered will arrive at some point butbut i'm just not bothered now.
@dominic teo view the latest updates for the information of grand mugs
i believe the biggest issue is the lack of updates. even if it's a "nothing has changed" update that is more appropriate than "ignoring" a lot of people that put their hard earned money into to helping your "dream" come true. we want our products so we can all move on and not have to wait for possibly years with out the product we wanted. this situation is a deep seeded fear of not getting your half of a bargain, a little tit for tat. at the end of the day is it better to give some people a 16oz mug and try to cut losses than continue to "string" people along.  now having said that i am content to continue to wait until at least december time frame to get my grande mugs. i would just like an update, something, some sort of communion. that's all i ask. the long lulls in updates is total garbage. i want my product, but i will wait a little longer before getting "nasty". i know what it's like to be busy and forget to update things. hang in there everyone. and hopefully someone will get on the "ball" with updating us.
guys, i want my mug too but chill. be chill. 2 years, 2 years i've had to wait on a kickstarter for a bloody box. now that is a creator not following through. this, this is a just a small delay.
have not received grande mugs in singapore too
update please? already september and no grande mug in my hands
you haven't sent us our order but yet you want us to be your facebook friend? you've got to be kidding me! listen to hundreds of people here asking you for their shipment information. but you gave us another spam email. what the heck?
have not received my mug yet..... where is it?
hello, just wanna know when can i get it. thank you
please give an update. have not received the mug in singapore
please give me an update, too. about shipping of my goat mugss.... please
give an update now, and with a tracking number would be nice.
is there any update on the progress of the grande mugs? it's been about the estimated time given in a previous update.
i did not receive my grande goat mug and sent a message already. please respond because this is such a great idea and want to gift it to my friend.
grande orderer here. update/status, please.
please give us an update on shipping please thank you
i never did receive my tracking number either.
i never did receive my tracking number either.
come on guys can you let me know if i getting my mug
yep email was a bit unfortunate seeing as i haven't received the goat mug yet... ;)  i remain optimistic!
**i still haven't received my regular goat mugs
hi. i still haven't received my order. i never did receive my tracking number either.
still waiting here for grande mugs.
still lookimg forward to revieve my order
so are we getting the grande mugs or are they just hoping we all change our minds and just switch to the regular so they don't have to finish them?!
still waiting here as well. any updates appreciated.
ok, i'm still waiting to receive my order and i've stopped getting updates. what's up??
good work on the email. still looking forward to getting my grande goat mug eventually, but the excitement has certainly gone.
hmmm..... looks like i'm not the only one that got that email stating that i have received my mug when i have not. does this mean that all order are supposed to have been processed and shipped already?
"did you know you're one of the first lucky ones to receive your goat mug?" ...wth? we haven't gotten ours yet. poor timing on that email.
why send me an email saying "did you know you're one of the first lucky ones to receive your goat mug?" haven't received it at all and it's literally been way too long
hi, i ordered my two grande mugs and i know they're going to take a while but will we get a notification that our order has shipped? thanks.
i've not getting my mug. can please update the status?
they are very, very leak-proof which is awesome. i've literally thrown the cup to someone across the room and not had it leak. but the insulation is awful. i can pour a cup of coffee at home and by the time i get to work 30 minutes later it's completely cold.  that's kind of disappointing.
i have not gotten my mug. please give me an update on my mug. thanks!
still didn't get my mugs also, can you email me the tracking info please?
i got my mugs, and i love them - however, the cap sleeves keep falling off for some reason. i ended up loosing one of them. is it at all possible to get a replacement?
hi ! i've pledged for " a perfect set of two goat mugs and two leather straps"  but didn' t received anything yet !?! though you said that it had been shipped ...i've sent you an email but no answer yet neither. can you please inform me about my reward, it would be great, because i'm quite frustrated right now :) thanks !
i still don't have any sign of my mug...can you please send me email with my tracking information.
@anze i can't wait for the 2 grande mugs with straps that i backed.  i did however just move apartments and was hoping to be able to update my order with information.
private messaged the creators about switching from grande to regular over a week ago and still no response. anyone have a similar problem?
hi there, i have received my goat mug today and while it is beautiful...it is not what i ordered and it came without the leather strap! can someone please let me know what happens now to fix my order? many thanks,
vvv what genevieve said vvv
i have been reading the comments and i can't help responding here.  the concept of a kickstarter project is that the eventual customer will help fund the development  of the product before it is produced.  we are not  "buying" something we are "funding research" and we get the end product as a thank you. that means that if there are re-adjustments to be made, delivery will be delayed. about the grande mugs, the goat mug team chose to give us a quality product by reworking their original design. they could have just sent us a coffee mug that pours sideways and left it at that instead they chose to work harder to give us something we will cherish.  let's give them the time they need to give us a better product.
where can i find my tracking number? i changed my grande order to original×2.
i really hope the guys who changed their grande to normal get theirs soon and not delayed any further. that said i'm still sticking with my grande, normal and hemp edition. sucks not to get the normal first, but i've been waiting, so might as well carry on waiting... and waiting... and....          .
my mugs just arrived, i wasn't expecting them as i changed my order recently and live in australia (which is notoriously bad for delivery times) can't wait to try them out :)
i private messages u guys to change my order from grande to original since 2 weeks ago, after ur latest update. can u guys kindly respond? have u guys changed my order? are the shipped? i feel so disappointed by ur team handling of the whole project.
where is my tracking number? i didn't receive email....
where is my tracking number?
all the original mugs have been sent out, what about the orders people changed their orders from mixed to just 2x original? have they been sent?
i am reposting my last post. dear ba-aackers! since many of your questions/comments are repetitive, we are going to reply to all of them at once: 1. all of the original goat mugs have been sent out, regardless of the country. however, there are multiple logistics/postal services delivering them to your front door and sending out the e-mails with tracking numbers. if you still haven't received your mug, you will, don't worry. some addresses take 1-2 days to reach, whereas some of them take more, which is why we kindly ask you for another bit of patience. we know that seeing others using their mugs already can get frustrating, but the fact they received them doesn't mean you won't :) 2. if you already received your mug, but you believe it is not what you pledged for, please write to us privately. here, in the comment section, your request is more likely to get lost. besides, if the request is very specific, we believe you would also be more comfortable with us dealing with it individually rather than here where it is as public as it can get. if we don't reply within a couple of hours, please don't get impatient and bare in mind that there is only a couple of us replying to hundreds of e-mails and messages daily. 3. if you believe there is something wrong with your goat mug, please send us the photo to anze@goat-story.com 4. to all those who ordered mixed orders, i.e. grande and the original mug (on kicktrarter and/or via pre-ordering site) please read our latest update here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/goat-mug/goat-mug-original-goat-story-crafted-into-a-coffee/posts/1295979 5. please, do not request address changes in the comment section. firstly, we are more likely to respond more quickly in the message section. secondly, we believe you wouldn't want the whole world to know your current address. 6. to all those who received your mugs and are satisfied with them, we love you guys! keep rocking your goat mugs and share your experiences with us :) yours truly,  the goat story team
where is my order
@chris thanks for the comment! i got mine today .. finally :)
@ab mine came a few days to a week ago. keep checking, or maybe message anze?
@cattydishes are you in canada?
got my order, the shirt is lovely :) but i thought my pledge level was supposed to also get the kickstarter logo engraved on it? did i miss something about that changing? i was looking forward to that.
did anyone in canada (gta) receive their mug?? mine keeps saying it cleared customs for the last two weeks with no further updates.
i sent a message to goat mug through kickstarter on july 24th and still have not received a response. poor customer service.
i have changed my mixed order to original one. looking at the size of original mug in their cover page, i believe the size is optimum as the top of original is almost covering the nose of that guy. imagine if he was using grande mug.
what is the "original size" and "grande size" product dimension actually? above photo show "original"??
hi i just changed my address to korean address from nz address. when will i be expected to receive the product? thanks
hey guys, lovely product and i imagine it will be worth the wait, but i have not yet received my two regular sized mugs and have just moved 3 days ago, so i have a new address. i received the email about address update, but cannot find it on your page. could i please email someone about this?
they sent the second batch last day.
i changed my order from a original/grande to 2x original. any idea when changed orders will be sent out?
where is my mug? i have received an email talking about a extra 15,00 for shipping, which i consider really expensive for "safery issues" that my country has, but all my other orders was delivered without a problem and i have paid for this mug and nothing yet.... so, where is my mug?
@caroline: yes. i pay total $58. $50 and $8 shipping fee!
@ huey min: did you pledge a total amount of $50 or did you select the $50 reward? there's a big difference here. if you selected the $50 reward, the total amount you pay is higher because you have to pay a shipping fee on top of the reward (ks usually displays the shipping fee to your country when you are making your pledge and gives you an option to add it to the total amount). if you pledged a total amount of $50, that includes the reward and shipping, so naturally, the reward will be lower than $50 - how much lower depends on the shipping fee to your country. for example, i live in belgium, so i had to add $4 to my $50 pledge for shipping to belgium, making a total of $54 to receive the $50 reward tier.
i quite disappointed on the team! i pledge on $50. but i don't knw isit after survey my reward change to under $40! so i just got $40 reward! but after my payment i received on email is also write down my reward is two mugs and two straps. wait for more than a week finally got a email reply. and just get a message is i am pledge on $40 and i pledge little bit more.  i don't undertand. if i really choose on $40 why they are charge me $50? why i need to pledge little bit more? why only me? why i received the email saying my reward is under $50? that is ridiculous and not make sense at all!
hi - i ordered the regular size goat mugs...will i receive mine soon?
got your mug! now my boss wants one.
hi, any updates for mine? thank you so much
who do i email if i have a change of address for the grande mugs?
nevermind, i found it - "mixed orders are being sent with the grandes".  figures, as soon as i give up looking ....
question, if anyone remembers, i can't find if they said ... if i ordered one regular and one grande, will they both ship when the grande is ready, or are they shipping separately? no worries either way, just wondering.
my mug still not comming... what happened to my mug??? i'm in korea and my friends are already received mug..... pls check my mug
received my regular in the uk - thanks
you can check your survey response from the campaign page where your pledge is noted.
geez ray keep your pretty floral bonnet on. this is a kickstarter, not a preorder service for the release date of a fully developed and manufactured product. we give them our money and they do their best to deliver on what they promised us, however we know going in there are risks and challenges. ill start to worry when the delay hits a couple of years that they musnt have had the werewithal to do what they said. never plan to use a kickstarter project as a present, not unless your prepared to give the person an iou. it will happen, its looking good and all seems in order. if it folds its likely a bunch of twits who just dont get it do something like ask for refunds when if they held on for a little while longer we would all get our awesome grande's.
i have sent email and leave message in fb, pls kindly reply to tasa0827@gmail.com , thanks.
to everyone who is complaining about backing the kickstarter/goat mugs. yes, it is kinda admitting that production is late by so many months. but you have to keep in mind that this isn't ebay or amazon. they won't magically have all it orders ready. i'm waiting on two grande mugs.  i've backed another kickstarter that they've taken longer then promised. but they are writing on roadblocks. i would much rather wait longer for my backer reward and have a better product, then get it asap with a number of issues. goat team, you are awesome. keep up the good work. team of backers, be nice and patient. this is a lot of work. i don't think many of you can do better, let alone get this much success.
ray davis-bennet, it's too late to get those shipments out.  just as well, they won't respond to the comments for changes. the team has requested multiple times to have personal requests sent to them privately. have patience, i'm still waiting on a different product that i backed before these, and will likely receive my mugs first. it's the nature of the game, next time just buy something from starbucks if you don't want to wait for qualit .
no reply to the requests for regular instead of grande i see. i'd never back anything on kickstarter after this.  total fiasco from the go.
please! can we get like a report of how many mugs you've been shipped and which countries got it already? this is getting ridiculous.
received my mug! i'm very happy with it :)  i waited a while to comment so i could test out the mug, and i've gotten a lot of compliments on it! i've drank coffee, hot chocolate, fruit punch, water, etc. and i have no complaints! thanks for making such an awesome product :) i hope one day we'll be able to order the straps/holder in a different colour (like white cup with black straps/holder) that would be awesome.
day 29 after the shipping announcement still no sight of my goat mug nor the tracking number email
hi i'd also want to change the order from grande to regular. is it possible?
hi is it possible to change the order from grade to regular. sick of waiting...
beginning to regret getting the grande. pledged for 2, one is meant for a friend who is coming to visit next month from another country. he would have got it according to the original timeline. now i don't know what to do with it.
quick question. i'm a grade backer and i'm 100% on board with yall perfecting the larger version. i'm a little worried that i might get pcsd around the time of shipping. will you give grande backers an opportunity to reconfirm addresses a week or so before shipment for military folks like me?
can i just change mine to the regular one from the grande?  i'm beyond sick of waiting now.  you never made anybody aware that if they chose the grande we'd be waiting longer for the grande. let alone 4-5 months later than the regular. which itself was 4 months late.
thank you for the most recent update. i have been frustrated with the lack of explanation as to why the grande mugs were delayed and this makes me feel much better. i know it's not necessarily the case with everyone, but i personally enjoy knowing specifics about the process, particularly when the delay is as long as this one has been. i don't mind waiting, just enjoy and expect to be kept apprised. thank you again for the information, and please keep us updated as progress is made! can't wait for my mug.
i don't remember if i got grande or regular and i haven't received anything yet. is there a way to find out?
@yi, email anze and team (look down like 4-5 posts)
i don't get my tracking number and mugs yet. could you provide tracking number and estimate the time of arrival to taiwan?
is there any update on the grande production?
yay!! i received my mug today!! thanks very much team.
@ mary and 조소영: please send anze a private message on kickstarter or e-mail him at anze@goat-story.com . the goat team will not be able to keep track of any address changes or problems if you just post a comment here. quote from anze, 14 posts down: "2. if you already received your mug, but you believe it is not what you pledged for, please write to us privately. here, in the comment section, your request is more likely to get lost. besides, if the request is very specific, we believe you would also be more comfortable with us dealing with it individually rather than here where it is as public as it can get. if we don't reply within a couple of hours, please don't get impatient and bare in mind that there is only a couple of us replying to hundreds of e-mails and messages daily. (...) 5. please, do not request address changes in the comment section. firstly, we are more likely to respond more quickly in the message section. secondly, we believe you wouldn't want the whole world to know your current address."
my order (#6351) claimed it went out for delivery. no one ever knocked on my door and it was forwarded back to you guys. i'm guessing the delivery person didn't know how apartment houses work. i'm not sure if this is the best place to contact you guys about this, but my email is frau.buckley@gmail.com.
hi, i'm order grande mug and i will move house on september 11th. can i edit my address in here? https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/goat-mug/goat-mug-original-goat-story-crafted-into-a-coffee/surveys/10245413/edit_address…
i got my 12oz mug two days ago. i am using it this morning and i am very happy with it. super unique and truly leak proof. i cannot wait for my 16oz mug. great job guys.
got mine. happy for it overall.  one thing i don't like about it is the holder. thought it would be more well made than thin leather(is it real or faux?) wrap around a plastic mould. i was expecting a piece of thick leather somehow form into the shape. maybe my expectation is un-realistic. but other than that, i'm pretty happy with it. also, it's larger than i thought. glad i didn't back the grande version :p
i am very disapointed of the sloppy making off the holder. poor work and quality. the leather does´nt fit, optical really bad and not to use so. i asked for replacement, but anze and his team will not this. wasting time for looooong waiting and backing this project. no recomendation !
@anze: my package is still stuck in beijing, the tracking number shows. the last updated status was july 17th
@chandra - do the smart thing and message or email anze, don't rely on him seeing a post on a board with 1,700+ posts.
i haven't got the tracking number by email.
sony  i have not received mailed information
my goat mug arrived - it was a gift but while awesome- arrived as a goat had eaten it.  the packaging was all warped and thought- ok no worries  however the leather wrap shouldn't be ripped- please contact me to send me a replacement one as it was embarrassing to see my cousin open his damaged gift
ha well mine is definitely leak-proof but don't put carbonated beverages in it and then hang it from your side with the lid closed and expect it to stay that way!! (lmao at my friend who borrowed one at an event last weekend)
summary tracking number	origin	destination	status ri547618435cn	china	singapore	on route history detail local date/time	activity	location	remarks 13-jul-2015 10:13	received by post office	523112	 13-jul-2015 14:16	departure export customs	guangzhou
@chris - mine said the same thing for about 8 days and then suddenly the mug was on my door step without that ever being updated!
dear ba-aackers! since many of your questions/comments are repetitive, we are going to reply to all of them at once: 1. all of the original goat mugs have been sent out, regardless of the country. however, there are multiple logistics/postal services delivering them to your front door and sending out the e-mails with tracking numbers. if you still haven't received your mug, you will, don't worry. some addresses take 1-2 days to reach, whereas some of them take more, which is why we kindly ask you for another bit of patience. we know that seeing others using their mugs already can get frustrating, but the fact they received them doesn't mean you won't :) 2. if you already received your mug, but you believe it is not what you pledged for, please write to us privately. here, in the comment section, your request is more likely to get lost. besides, if the request is very specific, we believe you would also be more comfortable with us dealing with it individually rather than here where it is as public as it can get. if we don't reply within a couple of hours, please don't get impatient and bare in mind that there is only a couple of us replying to hundreds of e-mails and messages daily. 3. if you believe there is something wrong with your goat mug, please send us the photo to anze@goat-story.com 4. to all those who ordered mixed orders, i.e. grande and the original mug (on kicktrarter and/or via pre-ordering site) please read our latest update here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/goat-mug/goat-mug-original-goat-story-crafted-into-a-coffee/posts/1295979 5. please, do not request address changes in the comment section. firstly, we are more likely to respond more quickly in the message section. secondly, we believe you wouldn't want the whole world to know your current address. 6. to all those who received your mugs and are satisfied with them, we love you guys! keep rocking your goat mugs and share your experiences with us :) yours truly,  the goat story team
i've got mine! :) thank you so much! i really love it <3
my tracking number is lx512015672us, and the link says that it is still enroute to regional processing facility since the 7th. whats up with that?
still haven't gotten my tracking number in washington.
finally received mine this morning in australia. never received an email regarding shipment or tracking number. ordered faux leather. so far i'm quite happy with the quality. not sure about the durability. i guess we just have to wait and see. haven't got a chance to test out the leakage yet. first time backing on kickstarter and satisfied.
er *no imperfections, rather kickstarter really needs to add in the ability to edit comments
got my mug! everything accounted for, tested, imperfections, no leaks, i ordered faux leather and that's what i got. at least i think, i'm no expert on leather but i'm pretty sure my strap is a bit too firm to be true leather. the short strap is attached to the long strap, so if anyone is wondering why theirs seems to be missing, that might be why. and for those missing their straps entirely, check and make sure that the reward you chose when backing actually lists a strap as part of the deal. not all of the rewards that come with a mug also come with a strap.
mine arrived today,thanks. long strap was with it but not short
yet another person here who ordered real leather and got faux.  and yes, i can tell the difference.  it's nice enough if i were expecting faux, but compared to actual leather this stuff feels cheap, the adhesive peels easily, and i can see the pattern repeat of the 'skin pore' texture, which is kind of a tip-off of hey-this-isn't-actually-leather, so it doesn't seem to be just super thin leather with a substrate of other materials, either.  if it is actual super-cheap leather embossed with leather texture (which seems a baffling thing to do), why bother with leather at all?  they should have just only offered vegan, and then i at least wouldn't feel misled.  disappointed.  i send a ks message, but haven't gotten a response.  anyone know the email to get ahold of them?
@henry - that's something you should email the team about... with all the comments here they are likely to miss it.
i received mine yesterday and there was no strap in the package.. please advise.
for those waiting for their mugs even though it says "ready to ship" mine took 10 days from then. it wasn't shipped until 4 days after i got the message that it was processed and ready. looks like somebody else here had this problem as well, my package looks like it's been squished. it also had a hole in the side of the box. the mug itself was, surprisingly, fine. the mug is as expected, made of mug material. however, the sleeve is disappointing. the "real" leather feels anything but, and the seam of which is peeling back. you can see the glue in all the other spots, except the area that's peeling back. that spot feels worn out, i'm concerned that even if i glue down it will start to break apart anyway. though i am disappointed that the sleeve feels damaged, i am glad that they kept the inside of it plastic and simply wrapped it with leather, so there's no need to be overly concerned about making sure it always stays dry to avoid having the leather warp (such as if it were a 100% leather sleeve)  i appreciate the extra effort they went through to make sure they could fill such a large order, though i'm a bit sad that it took so long, i'm still glad that i ordered it. it's a gift for my best friend, whom luckily has a birthday this upcoming month, so i'll update again when he gets to try it out. i just hope i can repair the sleeve enough that it isn't noticable.
same here, no email no mug ( india)..... @anze - please provide info and tracking numbers to the backers who are yet to receive their mugs
hi. i am under the impression that i have not received neither the email with the tracking number nor the actual mugs themselves. if help could be provided, that would be great. thank you.
got my mug... unhappy. ordered real leather and it came with faux leather. it's also missing the kickstarter text. :/
received mine yesterday and it's great!!  although there was no strap in the package?? please advise.
not received yet... still waiting
not received yet... still waiting (._. )
ask 2014/12/15 buy, why not received until july
just got mine in, earlier than planned. it was perfect timing since we were in the process of moving down the street. nothing better than a coffee in the coolest mug ever to make movin day epic. such an awesome product. well worth the wait! thanks!
tracking email is sent to your registered kickstarter email. search for "goat". it'll say "your order is processed…" in the subject line. received my 2 black mugs today and already using one. now to get a 24oz listed on the website so i can order it!
just got mine today in tn, but i did not ever receive an email with a tracking number. looks to be in good shape and as advertised.
i received mine yesterday in japan.
sorry, i still have not receive any info or updates yet, any news for my cup too?
got mine in indiana. no complaints so far from the wife, who this was for. only that she loves it.
this is from australia. i was expecting a tracking number came thur my email box first but i never got it .. this early friday morning postman buzzed, i got my goat mug. i know it's a big mug for for a petite and its big! the strap is a bit disappointing for 2 facts, first it's too stiff and secondly i would personally like it slimmer. but it's water tight, it keep the temperature long, it looks nice nice to my handbag :) there are a lot i like about the mug.  many thanks goat team !
nyc here, just received mine today!! it looks as awesome as what they said it would be, in fact, some small details might even surprise you of the craftsmanship of this mug (i.e,, the rubber piece on the inner cover tip, i guess it's used to make the coffee stay hot even longer). the only complaint that i have, as others have already mentioned, the real leather doesn't feel "real" at all and the strap is little too stiff but i guess it will get more soft as i use it more often. overall, i would say they have done an outstanding job to deliver this large-scale project out in such short amount of time, albeit some delays here and there (trust me, other projects have been delayed for over almost 2 years already).
got mine today (thailand) not to bad. they look more expensive in pictures. i think the clips need replacing mine already bent. all in all i feel ok with the mug not super excited. i probably will add better leather straps and better leather holder. the holder is plastic wrapped in thin leather.
i am also living in taiwan , and still do not receive any tracking number message yet.....
i received mine a few days ago, and they look good!
i like the mug.  i'm using my marsala one currently (i ordered black, brown, and marsala).  it's not bad.  my only complaint thus far is that the holder slips and slides a lot on the mug... it doesn't stay up on its own much. to address the "not real leather" concerns - mine doesn't look "fake" it just looks like cheap leather.  if it's imitation leather, it's a good fake. it smells like leather and has edges that look enough like leather for my untrained eye.
mine arrived in ohio, usa!
i'm from taiwan, haven't got my mail with tracking number!!
well, i got mines but they are a big disappointment so far - as both of them came with fake leather straps and holders, however i ordered them with real leather ones. it wouldn't be too bad, but after contacting them they say that's how they are and they won't change them, cause that's what they produced... i feel cheated and lied to, that's far the worst what i expected when i backed them and waited patiently so long...anybody with the same experience?
nope, still nothing. australia. waiting...
oh ,is everyone got email with tracking number? i haven't got this ,i order 2 original size (marsala and black) :( but i hope it come to me soon.
can anyone please post the email address with which you got the tracking number and other relevant details? thanks
i'm in the us and i still haven't gotten my regular sized mug yet.
i am  in taiwn.could you confirm the shipment of my order, please give me  tracking ~thx~
i messaged you guys awhile ago to update my postal details but haven't had a teply. is someone able to message me and confirm f these have been updated
have mugs been dispatched to the uk yet? still haven't heard anything but looking forward to getting it!
the newest update said the first batch is shipped out. does that mean we should all be receiving our mugs soon (aside from grande)? because i still haven't received my tracking number yet (canada). :(
ri547618435cn origin country - china:tracking consuming: 2015-07-14 08:50,离开【广州航站】交航, 2015-07-14 08:48,到达【广州航站】, 2015-07-13 19:03,离开【东莞市邮政局电商包裹局邮件处理中心】，下一站【东莞中心】, 2015-07-13 14:24,【广州互换局】已出口直封, 2015-07-13 10:30,【广州互换局】已出口开拆, 2015-07-13 10:15,【东莞市邮政局电商包裹局邮件处理中心】已封发, 2015-07-13 10:13,【东莞市邮政局电商包裹局邮件处理中心】已收寄,
oops. ignore that previes comments
got mine love the look but bummed i didn't do a strap. any chance you have a discount code for backers if they want to by more?
haven't received a tracking email. assumed that it was just being sent when i saw one of the last update emails. but i still haven't received my mug? help?
can o just change from grande to normal i'd never have changed to it if i'd known i'd be waiting an extra 3 months.
i received an email with tracking number, but the quantity that email said is one mug, in fact i backed for 2 mugs. did you missed to send the second one?
haven't received mine. :-/
hi this is from hong kong, i received the mug today finally!!!!! thanks all! i love it so much!!!
singaporeans, i've received tracking number for the mugs on 14 jul. looking forward to the mugs!
ontario, canada - received an email with tracking number on 7 july 2015. latest update on tracking is dated 7 july 2015 at 10:40pm status shows as "enroute to regional processing facility" in city globegistics, us. i'd like to visit this new city sometime lol globegisticsinc.com shows their processing centres are located in ny, il, ca and fl if the package was sitting in any of these "regional processing facilities" on 7 july 2015 ...it should've been delivered to on, canada long before smh.
hi. i was so excited receiving my mugs and use it with the hand straps! however, the leather holder was too loosen, and lost! can you advice what i can do?
ordered 3 hemp edition of original mugs and have them well received several days ago in hong kong. the label says that its capacity is 12 oz (350 ml). did i just get missed the update telling it being 12 oz? great!
no tacking number for me yet......(-__-)
wouldn't say it's leak proof seeing as how it just leaked on me with a super tight lid. but it is cool, would say it's more a novelty item.
just got an e-mail from anze miklavec, asked for my backer number and address. is it normal?
@siddhesh - its from sfc system info... i haven't heard anything else - no idea if it's coming or not.
no reply from the creator.  anyone got any response from him?
@ben shepherd: from which email id did you get the tracking number?
i'm in thailand so not sure if it is the same for aus. but try checking send from china (sfc) that is where mine is coming out of.
same for me in canada @ab
i got a random tracking number email which i think is for my goat mugs but it's not found in either ems or dhl - which company is being used to ship and when will they arrive in australia?
hong kong, still got nothing! is it shipped?
not sure if any in canada received anything. i got an email with tracking number that my mug is in globegistics, us,  and it says "enroute to regional processing centre"...  this was back on 7/7. no other updates since then. anyone else is having similar experience?
australian here, just got my tracking number so hopefully that means i'll get mine within the week!
i got it !!! i'm in hong kong~ just received my ems today ~ btw the quality of the logo printing is not that well (imprint not really clear and a few mark in my hand holder) ~ i'm already sent a message to goat story to check it~
have you shipped to singapore yet? i am still waiting for my mugs, is there any tracking etc.?
i am also in australia and have been patiently waiting. could you please indicate a shipping timeframe or provide a tracking number?
a bit disappointed to see everyone receiving their mugs, but i still don't have any emails after half a month. this is in australia, could you please let me know a date when the shipping for australia will be competed?
got mine today and it is fabulous! great design and well made. thanks!
hi anze! could you have a look at the message i sent you, it's a bit important. cheers
@allan chia: from the latest update, quoted by yours truly only five posts down from yours: "if you made a mixed order, i.e. if your order consists of at least one grande mug, it will be shipped in september/october along with all the grande mugs. "
grande goat mugs aren't being delayed again. it was always said they would ship about a month after regular size. we were told in one of the recent updates that the normal size would ship around the end of august. they actually shipped them much earlier than that.
if grande goat mugs are gonna be delayed, again, then please inform everyone in the latest updates. not in the comments section please.
@john nugent, sounds good. perhaps another opinion will be a tad benevolent but i side on the suspicious side without confirmation. :p
i'll be able to say something about come next friday. my tracking# got updated to a delivery date three days later than it first said.
@marv, wow no kidding. i'm waiting til october for my hemp edition since i've ordered grande, what you said is really disappointing. but oh well, makes the wait a bit easier. anyone else can confirm that the hemp edition is of poor quality?
i received my 2 mugs - thanks! - but i'm concerned that you've sent me the wrong order. the straps and holders are supposed to be real leather but they don't resemble real leather in any way. the straps particularly feel very plasticky.
@jason: from the latest update:  "if you made a mixed order, i.e. if your order consists of at least one grande mug, it will be shipped in september/october along with all the grande mugs. " the reason why grande mugs are being produced after the original size is explained by anze five posts below yours.
what is the eta of the grande goat mug i have not received mine?
how do i get my tracking number?
us backers, if you haven't checked your tracking# info or it didn't have any info before, give it a try again. mine was updated and has a delivery date of july 14th. looks like it entered the us in hauppauge, ny. never heard of it, but anyone close to there should be getting it sooner than me.
i got my mug as well (hungary) - the black/black version. no problems with the grip of the cover so far, maybe the material on this version is less slippery if pulled up? i just hope the glue will hold. the clip does seem a little weak, but time will tell. overall i like it a lot, thanks :)
what about europe?
hi good people of kickstarter! let us offer answers to your questions: - goat mugs to asia (only original sized ones) are going to be sent out any day now, we got everything in order and are going to start shipping asap. - goat mugs for north america are being sent out as we speak. you guys should be receiving notification e-mails. - the hemp edition is an original sized goat mug, so yes, it is being shipped out too. - sadly we couldn’t work on both mugs at once, one step at a time is the key. - the goat mugs that are selling all over the asian market – those are fake. we are trying hard to fight them. it’s really not the easiest thing in the world. - the long and the short strap are buttoned together. the short strap is at the en of the long strap. just unbutton it and take it off. - we are looking into the missing “d” on the limited edition holders. we will be getting back to you soon. - there is a delay to the grande mugs because we started working extensively on them once we finished the original sized mugs. we are working on the last details because we want to make sure that we can deliver on a perfect product, there are some specifics that are causing us trouble because it’s sadly not as simple as only blowing up the design by a certain percent. so we are in our final steps before we can start the actual production without worrying that there will be unprecedented issues arising during the production itself. we are planning on delivering them in early fall. you can contact us at anze@goat-story.com. if anyone wishes to change their address or order please get in touch privately, it is nearly impossible to track changes via the comment section. if you don’t get a reply asap please be patient, we do answer to each and every one of you, at least we try to, but we are swimming in an ocean of e-mails and messages so it takes some time to get through them. if you received your goat mug and there was any damage done to it, please send a photo to anze@goat-story.com so we can see what can be done about that. we would like to thank all of you, especially those who are kind enough to offer answers to our backers when we are too busy to do it ourselves. we love all of you. and please, keep on posting your experiences with the goat mug, we are so happy that we finally sent out the first batch. thank you all for your feedback! @marv, we will be getting in touch with you privately, your goat mug doesn't sound like something that we would like our backers to have.
imagine this conversation: a: do you see that cloud in the sky? b: what about it? a: it looke like an elephant: b: i don't see it. but hey look at my mug. a: yeah? b: it's a goat! a: i can't see it
....makes me glad i didn't order hemp.... *crosses fingers for black, brown, and marsala to be better*
so i finally got my hempo mug. unfortunately there are issues. the mug cover is dirty with blueish smudges. can i throw this in a washing machine or will it come apart? also the grip is insufficient, since the inside of the handle cover is just bare slippery plastic, when srewing the lid i also rotate this mug cover. the clips for the strap are very flimsy and cheap, nothing like what was shown. the goat print on the hemp cover is really low quality, looks more like a paint blob than like a goat.
@kristen; true but i would be really sad if i had to wait even longer glad i didn't go for the grande
i have got my tracking number few days but still no result !
i emailed them about that - this is the response i got: hey kristen! yes, sadly our e-mail wasn't informative enough - the package is going  to be sent out 24 hours after you received your e-mail - in that time we  note all address changes that people respond with and then we ship out. please try again tomorrow and please get back to us if it still does not  work. best, ana
also, my dhl tracking number also still states "no results we wish to inform you that a number of packages may experience delayed or missing tracking information. continue to check this tracking page for the latest update. please accept our sincere apology for any inconvenience this may cause."
@luis, it's not just shipping - it's logistics in general.  trying to separate out that many orders would be a logistics nightmare with the number of backers goat story ended with. @kelvin, i don't blame you for being frustrated with the fact that you have to wait for the original mugs, but there was time before the kickstarted ended when you had the time to change your pledge back to the original mugs and then just use the "pre-order" site to order the grande mugs separately.  had you done that, you'd be using your original mugs next week while you wait for the grande.... :) :) :)
i think he is trying to cost save on shipping.
@caroline, i do agree with you on bigger mold = more work to be done. but what i can't agree is for backers who ordered the original size mugs and later on added the grande when it was unlocked, now have to wait for grande to be completed before the team can send our all our mugs. personally, i ordered 2 original size mugs at first and thought i would be getting them first. grande mug was ordered after it was unlock by modifying the pledge amount and i ordered one more just to show support and appreciation. even after the delays (yup, totally understand about getting the mugs right and ks is not an online store part) i was excited to see progress on the original size mugs. my excitement got shot down literally when anze finally mention that they would only send everything after grande mugs has been completed for those who has mixed orders. talk about bummer.. :/ still, great work so far anze and the team. glad that the quality of the mugs is great (for those who received it in europe and uk)
us checking in - i got my dhl tracking number yesterday via email, but the dhl tracking site still says the following when i check: "no results we wish to inform you that a number of packages may experience delayed or missing tracking information. continue to check this tracking page for the latest update. please accept our sincere apology for any inconvenience this may cause."
to elaborate on q1, the grande mugs were a stretch goal to begin with and anze stated somewhere that they were going to deliver the original product first before moving on to the grande. different size = new molds for every single part of the mug except the straps. producing molds and testing the new size takes time as well, so it makes sense to me that they put all of their energy into the original molds so those could already go into production while the bigger molds were being made.
david, anze has answered all of these questions before. 1. there are additional production challenges in making a larger cup; it's not as simple as grabbing the corner and stretching the design bigger - you'd end up with a bunch of weird sizes and proportions (eg. the mouth hole size, lip of the cup size, etc.). 2. he said "we'll keep you updated on production" in the last update so my assumption is no, they are still in the "not-produced" phase. 3. fall, probably around early october 4. anze@goat-story.com or you can just click the ks button to contact him - it works too and anze has always been quick to respond to all my queries made through the inbox.
anze, can you please answer these questions? i respectfully ask you to not dance around them, don't tell me how excited you are, or how hard you are working. straight facts please. 1. why is there a delay in grande cups? 2. what is the status of them? produced? in production? awaiting shipment? 3. when do you expect the cups to ship?  4. what email address can we use for queries? these comments are a mess and impossible to make sense of. thanks.
when will the mugs reach india?
did anyone living in taiwan receive the mug??
when you said you shipped the mugs, did you ship them just in the uk or did you ship them to the us as well?
received mine today, cambridge uk, it's amazing!  only problem is the popper on the small strap has already come off - after only an hour of having it and clipping it twice. :( hopefully this is a one off and no one else has this problem! other than that, it's amazing!!
@john nugent thanks! i will make sure to have the post office/fedex/etc hold my package for me.
@rachel c d williams when i click on the tracking# it takes me to dhl's website. i would assume that's who they used. the # doesn't pull any info up yet, though. dhl isn't a big company around here in the us anymore so i doubt that's who will end up delivering it to me. they'll probably pass it on to the postal service.
received mine and the t-shirt....simply love it! although, the kickstarter embossing is missing the letter "d" from "limited edition"
so europe has theirs - come on, us!  i'm excited because i originally backed this with the plan of one mug for me and one mug for my boyfriend - luckily, since i ordered this mug 6 months ago i broke up with the dumb-butt and thus now i get more mugs for meeeee!!!!
i received the mug :-), love it. switzerland (sent from slovenia)
did anyone from australia receive the mug. i need it to get thru the winter :)
looks like no one in asia or north america has gotten their mugs yet, is this correct?
i just got my tracking number but i literally move out on friday. does anyone know what company it shipped through so i can give them my changed address?
just got the tracking number so excited !
arrived today, packaging trashed but mugs unscathed �.
got mine today - poland
i sent usd 6.5 for dhl shipping
hello. i got mine today. cambridge uk. perfect mug.thanks.
it is disappointing to know mixed or grande order will ship at end sep which means there is a gap of 2 months instead of 1.
in in asia nothing yet probably take 2 weeks to 1 month
i live in taiwan, anyone got in taiwan?
got my pair on friday, very nice. denmark, europe. i'm a bit worried about the leather holder slipping off if the mug is stored hanging on the outside of a bag or similar, and the clip that holds the strap to the mug is a bit flimsy (both fixable with small end user mods), but the mug is fully leak proof and seriously aesthetically pleasing. thanks guys for following through on my second kickstarter pledge! best of luck for the future!
got mine yesterday, and i'm in norway. these mugs look awesome. not sure how well they isolate, but i don't love mugs that isolate so well that you can't touch the coffee for 20 minutes. well done.
for those of you who have already received the mug, if you could please share your location, that would be great.
anyone in north american (canada and us) got theirs yet?
mug arrived in edinburgh- uk this morning absolutley perfect exactly as described and demonstrated in the videos. spot on. great work goat team. thank you
@bouaouad ahhhhhhhhhh thank you! i feel a bit silly now
@ aziz you can unbutton at the short leather strap.
i received my mugs this morning and they're great. the only problem is i can't figure out how to separate the long and short straps from each other. any help would be appreciated as i mostly want to use the short strap.
just received my mugs today and they're great. the only problem is i can't figure out how to separate the long and short straps from each other as they seem to be attached. any help???
this morning... surprise, the mug is awsome. thx to the goat team�...!
hello, this is ha eun (grace) park. i also ordered the goat mug. when i order the mug, i thought it would arrive on may. but, i move from california to boston, ma on august. do you think i can get the goat mug before i move??  i have been looking forward to get goat mug deperately..:( can i know when i get one?? please let me know!!!!!
got mine yesterday. nicely packaged and the mug is great too. been testing it all day and so far so good! if i had one criticism it would be that the drinking hole is perhaps a bit small, but other than that... not baaa-ad! thanks!
just got mine too :)
i have just got my mug and it is perfect! thanks guys!
received mine today. fantastic! very well made and great packaging - taking it for a test drive asap. good work guys.
john nugent's comment is gold hahah
:( i was really hoping to have my grande mug by september for an event. boo on the delay.
just receive it. france
people, kickstarter is not a preorder website. you are giving money to a company to help them jump start an idea. they never have to actually provide anything at all. they could have just taken your money and run. it's business, and no different than being a very small investor in a company. they just happen to be creating something that your pledge money helps buy for yourself. you'll get it when it's ready. the estimated ship date is only that: estimated. stop whining. backed this for the wife. she will be quite happy when her mug arrives.
@daniel, because those are chinese knock-offs. they've been appearing on the internet ever since production of the real goat mugs was supposed to start and the team have been fighting to get them offline again. they've been brought up in the comments countless times.
why have i found your product already been selling here in taiwan? http://www.groupon.com.tw/dealpage.php…
i have to change the shipping address due to the postponed delivery time of grande mugs. where can i find your inbox? thank you.
kickstarter is not a store! i have waited over a year for other projects and things take time!
just looked in my email: 12-23-14 became backer 1-3-15 email confirming mug w estimated delivery of "apr 2015" 5-5-15 got a second mug with the "i'm a backer" code now here we are july 1st and your talking 2/3 months still.  i'm just adding this so you understand my frustration and below comment.
wow sep/oct for the grande mug wtf?! you couldn't work on both mugs at once?! im getting sick of waiting, you guys keep pushing back and back.  i'm starting to regret being apart of the "goat story"...
hello there! i live in italy and i would like to know how many days my order will take to arrive... of course approximately
hello, does this batch of shipping include the hemp edition? also do we receive any email notification with tracking when our mugs are shipped?
i live in taiwan,  i want to know when will my order maybe arrive. thank you.
@ryan lee: please write to our inbox. this way we can not track the address changes.  @anne lim: sure, we will make a note of that ☺  @kristen: this is making the quote of the day list! :d we will make sure not to disappoint you! @zan h: nope, it is not. but could you please message us privately about that?  @colin crombie: i sent you an inbox with your address.  @clayton fletcher: sure, as long as you ordered the original size ☺  @scott mccartney: dear scott, it was officially announced in the update #27. you can find it here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/goat-mug/goat-mug-original-goat-story-crafted-into-a-coffee/posts/1273750 @kirsten: don’t worry, they are e-mailing us :d  @vito ng: since you ordered the original sized mug, yours will be sent in october.  @hannah crow: sure, please just contact us privately, so we can make a note of your address change.  @jie li: unfortunately, i can’t know the exact date. at what time exactly are you going to be away?  @danielle ellison: we are sorry about that, we are just trying to make the original shipping as soon as possible and we will certainly make an official update about the grande mugs and their process of production.  @daniel levy: could you please send us your new address privately?  @shawnté sandle: please just send us your new address to our inbox.
how to changed the shipping address ?
hi anze! since the grande mug is still in production, can i change mine to leather instead of faux? massive thanks!
the optimistic side of me is yelling "omg omg omg yay goat mugs soon!" . the realist side of me is yelling, "it'll probably be three weeks until i see my mugs but omg yayayay" . the pessimist side me is yelling, "and within a month we'll all find out if we've been scammed this whole time or if we are actually all going to receive some awesome mugs!"
hi anze, i ordered the grande mug. is it too late to change the delivery address?
awesome....and finally you have the exact date for shipping original mag. but when will we have a confirm date of shipping grande size?
@scott in a month
i'm about to move; can i confirm my shipping address to make sure i didn't put my home address?
good to hear they're being shipped out. i got the limited mug with the kickstarter logo. will this be shipped out at the same time? thanks :)
when will grande size be ready?
instead of updating us through comments, you should probably make it official. im lucky i decided to check here. i would've thought the mug was never going to come by the time july passes. you should let everybody know
@anze, i feel like you should send out an email to all the backers telling them all how to change their address and color choices along with a deadline for all changes :p
hi, may i know the shipping status? :)
i see that shipping for the grande mugs is expected for early fall? if so, i was wondering if it is at all possible to change my shipping address. i will be moving mid-august, and i really don't want the 3 grande mugs that i ordered as gifts for friends getting lost... i wasn't planning on moving when i filled out the backer survey, and i also didn't think shipping would be this late (not that i am upset about that-- i appreciate all the work that you guys are doing to make the products the best the can be!!!).
hi, i just wonder what is the latest time i can expect to receive my mug. i will be abroad for a while, so i need to the exact date so that i can arrange my friend to help me get it. thanks.
i'm not trying to get in an argument here, i've been reading and following the updates. all i was trying to get to is that at the time i read that comment on the last update mentioning the shipping of grande mugs in the fall, it was the first instance that timeframe was mentioned because "one month after regular mugs" is a very vague and broad statement. i'm sorry for bringing it up, i was just looking for clarification.
is there any way i can change the color of the mug i ordered? brown in the released photo looks more like a brownish yellow than a proper brown. that's not the color i expected.
i know you must get this a lot but i've just had to move really suddenly and wondering if there's a way i can change my shipping address. if not, no worries and i'm just happy to support you guys whether i receive the mug or not. cheers, daniel levy
hi! is there any way for me to change my mailing address? i will be moving and i want to make sure i receive my mug. let me know :) thanks!
do you have to invoice the package because certain countries charge tax at certain amounts. if you don't put an invoice that would be best for some people.
@anze so currently the projected date for shipping out the grande mugs is now 'early fall' which is september(ish) ? with a delivery time of around 5-17days? so roughly the end of september / start of october ?
@philip, @nouf, @ting, @craig we are currently expecting the mugs to arrive to our warehouses, the only thing is that we are not sure of how long customs clearance will take. we have been managing all your information, combining the orders of those who ordered on kickstarter and our webpage, we need to get all the info in a certain order so we can make all the labels for the packages and make sure that you guys all get your goat mugs. as far as the grande mugs go and orders containing both sizes – those will be delivered in early fall. @rachel, we are planning on sending out the original sized mugs by the end of this month and the delivery takes from 5 to 17 days – that is during those dates you mentioned. how about us holding your shipment until a certain date and mailing it then, so we can be sure that you received your package? @danielle, actually, we have mentioned multiple times that the grande mugs will follow at least one month later, now all we can say is that we are planning on delivering them in early fall. @kristen, you’re doing an awesome job with your answers, thank you! ☺ @chris, for the grande mugs, yes. @rune, you’re our type of backer ☺
anze has been nice in his response and at least he is replying. i have seen worse communicators on such platforms. i know the fatigue feeling. i hope i will get my order before i lose the excitement.
hello anze, could you please give me an indication of delivery time to australia?
fellow ba-a-ckers... in denmark we have a proverb saying "patience is a virtue"... i'm sure that this waiting will ensure that we all get a superb product... so thank you for not sending us some cheap crap, that wouldn't last at all. like everyone else in here, i'm looking forward to get my goat mugs... i'm sure that the quality of the mugs is worth waiting for.
i didnt recieve any thing yet  i was paid in last year, and it said i will get it in march but until now i still waiting because i will move to hong kong from uk in the next mouth. so when will it be shipping?
i didnt recieve any thing yet , are we gonna get any email with shipping status ?
wow so these are not coming till the fall ? if i'm understanding this right?
@danielle, actually, they've mentioned in about every update that it would be at least a month after the regular-sized mugs that the grande would ship. @rachel, turn on mail-forwarding.  you can do this with usps, ups, and fedex so no matter which carrier they use you'll be covered.  additionally, if it gets close to your move date and they haven't shipped yet then change your address online via anze's instructions below. @philip, did you read anything before you posted?
so according to your response on a comment in the update, grande cup backers have to wait until the fall to see any kind of progress. that's not very comforting to hear. i understand that as a stretch goal it could take additional time for parts to come to fruition, but you did not mention this in any updates or as a side note for backers considering changing their pledge. every time i come back to see the comments section my heart drops a little more.
still super excited for this awesome mug. this winter is going to rock when i take it to classes. my only concern is that i am moving across town. my last day in this apartment in july 15 and i won't be able to receive mail in the new one until july 11. will it be at my current address before i move? if you won't be shipping before i move will you let us know so i can possibly give you my new address?
i dont know why i still didnt receive anything
apologies.. question immediately answered below. baa'a'a
my survey was done the day it was emailed to me.  i live in the uk.  i am moving house in july and am worried that my mug won't arrive in time.  can you advise, please?
thank you, anze! . sharing this sort of information is much more comforting to your patrons than just saying "we can't give you an exact date." i think i can safely say that we've all ordered something that was shipping from asia and been unsure if it would clear customs and get to us in a week or in 6 weeks!
@kirsten - we are currently expecting the mugs for the u.s. to arrive to our warehouse in l.a., the only thing is that we are not sure of how long customs clearance will take. we have been managing all your information, combining the orders of those who ordered on kickstarter and our webpage, we need to get all the info in a certain order so we can make all the labels for the packages and make sure that you guys all get your goat mugs. we finished all the production for the original sized mugs, the grande mugs are still in production – hopefully there will not be too many hiccups during the production phase, if everything goes well (we hope that we gained enough experience to do the grande a bit more smoothly). @king, we apologize for not giving you an exact date, the original sized mugs are really going to be shipped out soon, the grande sized mugs are still in production. @brian, we have you down for 2 grande white goat mugs. @chandra, it should get there by that time. @aakash, no one has received our mug yet. any of you that might have gotten a new address in the meantime, please get in touch with us here on kickstarter messages or send us an e-mail to anze@goat-story.com
anze is pretty good about answering personal messages - try sending him one.
i can't seem to find my last comment.  is this the only forum i can use to contact you?  i will be on vacation and canada post has told me they will only hold a package for a maximum of 10 days before they ship it back to sender.  i could sign a form for someone else to pick up my package on my behalf, but i first need to know if the goat mugs will even be sent through canada post on canada's end?  any idea what shipper you guys will be using?  usps?  fedex?  dhl?  ups?  and/or a timeline of when my grande mugs will be shipped so i don't have to worry about receiving my mugs while i'm on vacation?  please inform, as i really don't want to have to deal with my mugs finally arriving only for me to have to deal with them getting shipped back to you guys, and then potentially incurring further shipping costs??
i've actually got a new job on the horizon, but was originally getting this shipped to my old/current work address. i'm getting the grande and i've changed the address on the survey, am i too late to fix this before it becomes an issue?
shipping eta plz
in the period of time that i was waiting for a mug that i was expecting to get in february, i actually got a new job and moved out of my original city. a single page of my life has already been turned since i ordered a piece of plastic in the shape of a horn. that's ridiculous. it's been like a year now.
someone has received a mug, does it mean everybody has received their original sized mug?
hi there from ri- pledged way back when u saw shipping march- i thought awesome even if there are some delays i would receive in time for my cousins birthday(july 8).  now i'm afraid that will be missed but i need to give him accurate information because they are moving to another state - july 11. help!? thank you!
the delays are getting insane, just ship something already :/
well said kristen!!!!! goat story staff, care to answer her questions in a direct and unambiguous manner please? cheers!
upon inspection of my survey, i realize i might have submitted the wrong thing. on my survey i put "quantity of grande sized white goat mugs with brown holder and straps: 2" but i'm not sure if i got the grande size. i pledged $50. is that the grande or the regular?
when the hell is this gonna be given an estimated date? being kept in the dark is a jpke
@anze, since you cannot give an estimate on the current shipping date, could you tell us what all needs to be done before you ship the mugs? e.g. "assembling boxes" "affixing labels" etc. etc.  what steps have you completed?  what steps are left? have you finished producing all of the mugs?  any photos of the hoards of mugs (as opposed to just 1 or 2)?
@craig, thank you for the kind words! @olivia, you should be getting your mug in the next weeks. @chris, sadly we cannot give you an estimate at this moment, but we are doing everything to make it as soon as possible. @daniel, we can guarantee you that you are going to be receiving the mugs. @elizabeth, thank you for your understanding! @tedge223, your words are really soothing ☺ thank you! @alyana, the original sized mug was the original plan in the campaign, so we focused on finishing that part first. the grande mug was a stretch goal so it had to come in second, but no worries – we are on it! @nicole, we told everyone (in the last update - #26) that for now we cannot give you an estimate on the grande mugs. we are going to be letting you know when the mugs are going to be shipped out. @bee, we do have your survey results, if you wish to find out the details of your survey please click on your avatar in the top right corner and go to "backed projects", find "goat mug: ... " and click on it. there should be a pop up window opening that consists of 3 tabs, choose the middle one called "survey".
i order the kick starter version with the shirt and still no survey!!
hi there, i am sorry but i really wanna know when the shippment can be done? no information after the survey which makes me very upset. hope to hear anything about it.
ugh.  i bought 3 mugs - one brown and one black for me (so i can mix and match the holders) and one black for my boyfriend.  he is now very much so my ex-boyfriend.  i wish i would have ordered the 3rd as marsala!   :p
very well said ashley. there are the haters and then there are the defenders. apparently somewhere in the middle logic slipped away. :p
i, again, and like many others, continue be frustrated by delays but moreso by the lack of information. none of us were informed when offered the upgrade to the jumbo that this would mean waiting /even longer/. perhaps it wouldn't be so incredibly infuriating if there was any information whatsoever on when these would ship...especially considering everything is months behind as it is. additionally, you seem to be continuing to answer the same questions over and over, repeating "thank yous" for positive comments, but not answering any regarding very direct and polite questions about the shipping time for the grande mugs. again, if there were just some information i imagine it would bother people less. to those calling folks who are upset about the delays or have questions names: the note from kickstarter to "be respectful and considerate" applies to everyone, not just people who disagree with your opinion.
i am very happy in receiving an update on delivery but why are the granda mugs not shipping out as well? and when can we expect them?
i'm glad about this video update! this is great news that you're getting shipments out so early. i think you guys have put a lot of good work into the product to ensure quality, and it shows. and you're shipping so close to your original estimate, too. i've never seen a kickstarter follow their timeline according to plan, but yours is the closest i have seen. the entire goat mug team should be very proud! i can't wait to get my mug.
you people just can't be happy, can you? anze and many others have shared how to change your address. just read the comments below, he's said it in almost every response lately.  there's a video showing you a very real product and giving you an eta. this is the closest eta we've been given, but you guys keep dogging anze and his team. please guys. we're in the home stretch here. just be positive and supportive while the rest of us wait  patiently for updates on our grande/regular mix order
hello there, i changed my location and put my aunts adress on the survey so i recieve it...but as far as the updates you give us (backers) i am worried we (all backers) never recieve our orders, since it was supposed to ship on april and its almost july and still no shipping mugs! i am pacient, and to be honest, i think i lost my money along with my excitement :/ since i ordered a grande mug and still no shipping eta on those :( this sucks because this was my first kickstarter backed project and so long its been 2-3 months of dissappintment to be honest :/
the video said that the original sized goat mugs would ship in two weeks.  well, what about those backers that got the upgrade to grande at the same price?  when can we expect those grande sized mugs to ship?  thanks for all your hard work - it would just be nice to have some sort of time frame for this.
video said shipping should start in 2 weeks!!
any possible eta on the shipment date/delivery of the mugs? at this point, i've moved locations and am now concerned that i'll never get the product that i paid (and waited) for. thank you.
thank you anze,  i am looking forward to drinking coffee out of my mugs.  i hope deliveries to australia are very soon.  regards  craigo
@tunky, @owenwe, @abhishek are getting everything in order so we can start shipping out the original sized mugs, so the orders containing only original sized mugs should be arriving during this month (we will make it public when we ship out the mugs).  @julian, @khoa, @cerise, seriously – thank you for your kind words. means the world to us! @bryan, click on your avatar in the top right corner (on www.kickstarter.com), and go to "backed projects", find "goat mug: ... " and click on it. there should be a pop up window opening that consists of 3 tabs, choose the middle one called "survey". you can make changes to your address there. @mohammed, we are going to reply asap @brian, no worries there, all the original sized mugs are made.
oh, it feels terrible for me to act like an a-hole critic every time. however, this arrogant person is leaving a comment here to suggest you with the resolution of soothing customers with actual product photos. people here on the comment board are getting angry, apparently. since it is also the seller's job to satisfy customers and hence, to soothe and erase people's anger, i think showing us some hard evidences would work great. i might be writing this shitty comment here because i want some real photos of the product. however, i am, at the same time, pretty sure that some others are wanting the same as i want. yeah, that's pretty much what i wanted to comment on y'all's enterprise.
how long before it gets shipped internationally ?
are there even more than 100 made?
hi anze! could you get back to my pm please, its to do with shipping. cheers
hi goat mug team, i've back your project with 2 mugs and i was expecting to receive them before june. but since the shipping is delayed and i'm moving to a new place, i need to change the mailing address for the shipping. do i send you a personal message to change my address or is there a link i can use? thanks.
yay! thank-you!       \o/ i really appreciate what you and your team are doing!  a horde of 10,000+ people can be quite a task to manage!!!
thank you anze for including my name in response to my shipping question.
yeah what julian said, i have backed tons of project, and this lateness is nothing compared to few projects that i have been through,  at least they still responded and thats good! if anyone doing big project like this for first few time, its hard to get anything done in manner of time, what they promised simply what they planned ahead but there are always something come up and  that delay is unavoidable.
people seriously need to calm down. these fine people are doing the best they can, even if it's a little later than expected. the average life span is 968 months, you ingrates can wait a couple more for your product.  welcome to life: doesn't always go according to plan. no matter how much you whine, it won't change that. anze, you guys are doing fine. i hope the vocal minority isn't ruining your wonderfully successful product.
any chance of shipping information any time soon?
are the mugs going to be shipped any time soon?
@danilo sanchez jr. yes, we are coming-up with some form of resolution. @guy and @randi revell we'll let everyone know about when the shipping date is fixed. it can be anytime in the next couple of weeks, but we cannot know for sure since it also depends on the time it will take us to arrange documentation for customs clearance.
i'm just wondering when you all are shipping as you stated awhile ago? will you give a message to email saying my order has shipped and a tracking number?
@anze unless you & your team are coming-up with some form of resolution to the 150 backers that added an extra $300 to your campaign, i'll take your negligence in responding to my last statement as a putrid means of how you handle the people that initially supported your campaign. lepa beseda lepo mesto najde.
so can we update when is the shipping date ? thanks
@inara and @janet thank you so much for your support!! it's such a great feeling to have people believe in our project, especially when we're working so hard on every little detail. t h a n k  y o u!
@anze i know you have a lot of frustrated people and you guys are trying your best, i appreciate that. just want as clear as you can predict, when will you guys anticipate shipping the grande goat mugs?
@anze honestly, that just seems like a poor attempt to make it appear as if you're giving the 150 backers that paid extra some sort of "favor". i know our issue won't hit home with most backers as we will be in the minority since 150 is only a fraction of the 10k+ backers. however, this tactic of yours is dreadfully executed. you're trying to spin it as a "look at the bigger picture as it's for the community." angle; when in reality, you should either stick to giving an incentive for overcharging and/or refund the difference of $2. i highly doubt $300 ($2.00 x 150 backers) of almost half a million usd dollars is the deciding factor in whether backers get real or faux leather components. despite the issue being only a matter of $2 per backer, i'd venture to guess that if you had stated that paying an additional $2 would place them in the same realm of those in the cheaper & unlimited reward, you would have 150 open spots for that particular reward. i understand kickstarter is not a store, but there is no mission behind this campaign other than to promote a novelty item. you already have our money so what you do with it is literally at your own discretion. i had no problem waiting for a quality item. however, i do have a problem with this particular issue.
this is the first time i've ever backed anything, but when i saw this mug, i knew i had to have it. things happen though, and i understand that sometimes if you want a quality product you have to wait a little longer. i for one am okay with waiting because i want the best product i can get and i truly believe they are trying their hardest to make that product. i am still proud to have backed this project, and i'd do it again knowing the wait would be longer. patience isn't easy for us coffee lovers, but once we are the elite few who have this mug, we will all forget about the extra waiting period. thank you guys for working your butts off, and i can't wait to get my mug.
holy pants, guys. reading most of these comments really hurts my heart. this is the first run by a design team, people, could you try being supportive and understanding indeed of mean and hurtful? so what if things are taking a bit longer than anticipated, it's still much faster than usual for this sort of thing. wouldn't you rather have something of quality that's just phenomenal, that you're proud to show off? if they rushed and sent out something that didn't quite pass quality inspections, but hurried to make you happy instead, the product would fail, you'd be even more unhappy, and dreams would be ruined. so appreciate your last days with your regular coffee mug, plan some craft project to do with it once it's obsolete, and practice your kind words and a bit of patience. go on!
hi, what's the status for the grande goat mug+leather strip? i haven't receive mine.
@danilo sanchez jr. dear danilo, we’re treating all our kickstarter backers equaliy because we believe all of you deserve only the best. the real leather option was not offered due to the $2 extra which some people backed for, although we do believe this is a much bigger add on than giving everyone $2 bonus in their package. @sansword huang please get in touch with us on private message regarding your order status. @elizabeth arsenault as aleardy mentioned above, we try to treat all our backers as equally as possible as we’re honestly thankful for each and everyone’s support. thanks for believing in us.
a lot has changed. a small group backed for a limited edition tshirt with a customized mug. while the customized kick starter mug hasn't been offered en mass, the shirts were. so they didn't give the $2 mess ups an exclusive item. nothing has truly stayed exclusive, but that's how they have chosen to do business. not my call, but when people start getting their mugs i'm sure they can concentrate less on "oh my god get these addicts something to drink coffee out of" and more on "okay what have we learned/what other issues have been brought to us"
can i check my order status? i've sent the survey, but i don't know whether you guys received it.
@anze i believe amina is referencing the added bonus/incentive for being charged more. basically, you're telling everyone that paid $2 more that they're not receiving anything, but more-so an option that ended-up becoming available to everyone. so at the expense of 150 backers, everyone was able to choose between faux & real? i think that was just a production/cost(s) move on your part to appease those that wanted and/or did not want real leather more than giving a "bonus" to those that could have easily switched their pledge had they known they were not going to receive anything for paying $2 more.
thanks @anze! much appreciated. keep up the good work, brotha.
@amina kamau dear amina, we did even more than that, we offered everyone a gift of beeing able to choose between faux leather or real leather holders for no extra charge and we believe you guys are going to love it. @allan chia marsala colour is defined by the pantone colors and there is no worries about it being pink. as for the delivery, we are now working logistically to get goat mugs shipped all over the world. there is no new problems, just a process which is taking a bit longer than initially expected. @christopher browne thanks for your support, we really appreciate it and we’re working hard to keep you guys updated with all the latest news. @grzegorz harasimowicz yep, it’s gonna happen in the next couple of weeks @kelvin we’re working hard regardless of that and the mugs are almost on it’s way now. @victor song hi, if you already sent us a private message regarding this matter, we’ll get back to you there. if not, please do get in touch so we can arrange your order privately. @craige howlett sorry to hear that, please do fill in the survey as soon as possible. the next batch of original size goat mugs will be going out in mid july. @denis lim it’s coming, we promise! @sealon oh hi there, if you filled in the survey today your order will be sent with the next batch of goat mugs, which is approximately in mid july.
sorry, i just saw the survey email and did the survey today. was it too late to hand my survey? or did it approved?
another week gone, with no goat. :(
when is the next order for the backers. the emails have been going to spam.
i'm sorry, i want a little change about the order, that is, i ordered 30 cup size should be changed from  original to  "grande", i already i have left a message , but are not sure whether you have to see, so here again a message .
totally appreciate the updates and totally understand the justifications for delays.. having grown to such a large number of backers and orders is phenomenal.. but having to wait for 500 others before starting to ship sounds a fair bit ridiculous. =\
oh, im very happy that everything is going great, really. you just haven’t started shipping yet. again. you gonna ship it this year? hmm? annoying
i'm fine with things being delayed; that's part of the kickstarter story.  (less happy if it is ad-infinitum...) but you owe us some bit of goat story!  :-)
or rather, can u tell us what is the problem now for the delayed in shipping, again?
ur marsala colour is still looking like pink in the updated photos from ur facebook page. so can we know if its shipped or not?
"unfortunately we made a mistake in the $25 early bird package, charging $2 for us shipping as well. since there is no way back and we can´t undo this mistake, we are working on a little present for all who got charged extra $2 for shipping, as a way of saying sorry. because we are genuinely sorry." is this little present still in the works?
@tiffany panel: unfortunately, we don’t have a date yet. we are asking for just a bit of patience and are assuring you that you won’t need to give us your new address. @grzegorz harasimowicz: actually, we’re in slovenia. ;) if you mean production wise – everything is going great, we just haven’t started shipping yet. we really appreciate your patience and hope you will love your goat mug. @ younging shin: we’ve actually been asked that question 4.5b times.  :) as we said already, we don’t have an exact date yet, but we’re working on it. don’t worry; everyone is going to get their mugs. @aakash gupta: we are really working hard on getting the mugs to your front door, but unfortunately, we can’t give you any exact dates. as soon as we find out, we are going to update you. @cerise bennett: all taken care of ;) @river liu: you will get the mug straight from our fulfilment center in asia. @spencer wolf: we are happy to have a supporter like you! :) @marissa guido: hey marissa, here’s the secret: click on your avatar in the top right corner (on www.kickstarter.com), and go to "backed projects", find "goat mug: ... " and click on it. there should be a pop up window opening that consists of 3 tabs, choose the middle one called "survey". you can make changes to your address there. if you encounter any difficulties, let us know. @elizabeth arsenault: dear elizabeth, i don’t think we have said thank you enough. so, thank you! your understanding makes us happy :) @cliffton leverett: hey, we don’t do mixing and matching, but maybe you could buy both and mix them up ;)
"so am i still waiting for this world to stop hating can't find a good reason can't find hope to believe in..." all jokes aside, mars became june ?  can we just have a date ? i'll leave my place during 3 months soon, it's gonna be complicated ...
yep, may is ending and i suppose you are in deep shit, otherwise we will get some update, so where are the mugs?
the world has gotten only one question to ask you anze, and i will ask that on behalf of entire human being that ever lived in this planet over the 4.5b years. when is it going to ship?
may is almost nearing its end, plz update us if you have started shipping already.
is it too late to update to the black/black version instead of brown?
hi just want to know where will you guy ship the mugs out from?? and will we get a tracking number once the shipment begins?? i can't wait to put my hands on this amazing mug!!!
@marissa guido, you can change your address anytime by clicking me in the top right corner, then backed projects, then click the big blue "+" button next to the goat mug project, then in the survey tab you can click edit address.
i am very happy with this team. when i fund projects i only get upset if the delay goes over 6 months because these are being made into the world for the first time. also, we are getting leather holders now (: who can argue with that!
i'm not really sure how to leave a private message on kickstarter, so i guess i'll leave this here and ask for help! i was expecting to get my goat mug in march, and then was hoping to get it in the beginning of may, but now i'm moving, so i need to change my shipping address for my mugs, i tried to email @anze about it but apparently it was a no_reply e-mail, so can someone help me figure out how to change my shipping address?
people need to stop freaking out over goat mugs. it's a start up, they're new. and they're doing an amazing job keeping everyone informed. i'm glad they tried to wait out for everyone, it shows respect for the people who helped all our dreams come true funding this project. you all need to stop being such babies because of minor delays. the photo in the last update was the only thing i can see as being a justified reason to be so wound up, but they fixed that almost immediately. if you guys are so upset, i'm more than happy to take your mugs into my shipment while you go off in search of someone who will put in the same effort for a similar project.
man i wish i could have gotten the black mug with the brown holder or the white mug with the black holder.
@anze thank you so so much for the update photo!! my fears are gone! :) now just waiting for that lovely marsala. thank you again!
yay!!! shipping!!! we can't wait to toast with our goat mugs!
thanks for the new pic.  i think that will go a long way to calming the color fears.  i am really looking forward to hearing about these shipping out.  relax guys, it will happen.
hey guys, there have been some questions regarding colours. yesterday, we uploaded a photo as a header on update #25 and the colours shown do not represent the real ones. the problem was that they were taken with a really bad camera in a factory so the light was bad and we admit we might have overdone it with photoshop to make the light seem nicer. however, that distorted the colours. so, here we bring you undone photos of hemp, marsala, black and brown leather so you see that they are going to look just as they did during the campaign. http://bit.ly/1c4moc5 we really hope this is going to clear out things for you and we apologise for the mistake.
did anyone here notice of the newly released update? the color shown in the photos are just so so different from what we have been told and seen in the project page! pink = marsala and yellow = brown...i am so frightened by this as i have ordered some for my fds and family and i don't expect such a big difference in the final outcome!....
i believe that the commenters saying that it's unfair should read the update again. it clearly says that those who do not respond will be placed in a later batch than those who replied on time. considering that this is a design kickstarter, i'm surprised that they will be coming out so soon after their funding ended. there are many other projects that went for much longer (eg. hot watch) and backers are just receiving their products now. applause to anze and the team!
i cannot understand why eager backers have to wait till all surveys have come in!  those who have not yet replied the survey are probably angry backers who already gave up their wish in getting the mugs, or came across problem with the system.  this is not the problem backers need to face, and we should not be made to live with any further delay!  use your excess profits to solve the problem for late surveys.  besides, grande size mugs are scheduled to deliver two months after the normal size mugs is already another unreasonable plan!
another delay? i thought in business we will serve our customers on fifo basis. why should i wait for another year for my order just because another customers fail to 'complete' theirs. just unbelieveable. keep in mind, unhappy customers can be your nightmares.
i sure hope it's the lighting, pink is a deal breaker for me. i'm not walking around with a pink drink holder.
hi! i'm curious about the colors because the marsala looks like a pale pink in the photo. is this because of the lighting or are they really that pink??
i know i completed my survey but now wonder if it was received!! i have tried exploring every option here and cannot access the survey - i was going to re-submit it to be sure
i just received update #25 (yea!!!!)   at the bottom it said: "p.s. the header photos are from the production and have never been published yet!"...i didn't realize yellow & pink were leather options!   but if the upper left hand corner picture is of the mugs-then the team did a fine job of making plastic look like a molded black goat horn!
i agree with @anthony chi ming chan, time to lock down the survey's and move on, delayed responses should result in going to the back of the queue and possibly reduced options for selection.  they had a chance to respond for what ever reason they didn't do it in time...t.s.
@anze, i think it's about time your backers get another update about how things are going.  for those backers who had received and replied the survey the first days it was sent out, they should not have to wait for others who still have not filled in the survey, for whatever reasons, before the deliveries of the mugs are scheduled.  it's just not fair to those who responded promptly and are very eager to get the mugs.  right?  is there any delay anticipated for the scheduled delivery of the grande size mugs in july?
seriously, it's may 18th - where are the mugs?
@anze, i've sent you 2 messages regarding the shipping payment. i've had no response, please check your messages and advise, as i keep getting an error. thanks
survey? what! why did i not get a survey?
hello, i got your email the other day but it said you can not receive payments to that account. advice?
the choice of hemp for the original did not come up when i completed the survey. are they all gone? i choose, instead, an original marsala; but i am curious why the option for hemp didn't show.
anze, seriously, it's may 15th.  you should have an actual shipping date picked by now for the original sized mug.  stop with the excuses and give us the exact date.
@alvin, sadly we cannot make promises like that, as @julian said – and @adam would like to know too - we are shipping out the original sized mugs late may and all through june and the grande sized mugs in july @ironmonger, noted. @anne, you are not too late. @張雁霖, click on your avatar in the top right corner and and choose »backed projects«, find »goat mug ...« and click on it. a pop up window should show up that consists of 3 tabs, click on »survey« and you can edit your address there.
i understand you are a business and want more orders, but for those who backed you could you gives us an eta and stop trying to sell us more. i just want my mug and not being pestered with the ability to buy more.
i come from taiwan, and i'm so sorry that my address lost the no. &floor how can i fix it?? thank you very much& can't wait to see those lovely goat :))
@ alvin, read the official post literally below yours. they are shipping may-june for the regular mugs, july for the grande size.
i just put in my address! hope i'm not too late since my order is the grande size.
hi, you said on the 25th of april, "@ironmonger: could you please just tell us which colour of the grande you would like to receive?". so in response, i would like to have a brown grande goat mug. thank you!
hi i ordered a normal size mug, i am consumer in taiwan, i am very like to know when will i receive the product. did you send already? the original estimated date is march, and i need the mug to be as my girlfriend's birthday gift. so can you tell me will i receive the order before the end of may?????
@rigel, sadly we cannot give you an exact date yet, but as we told everyone a couple of times – we are planning on sending out the original sized mugs in may and june and the grande sized mugs in july. @james, @rachel, get in touch with us (messages section here on ks or write to anze@goat-story.com) and we will try and grant your wishes. @jessica, thanks for covering vancouver :d keep on baaaa-ing! @marc, the hemp is only offered as an original-sized mug. that will not be changing, sadly (at least not in the near future). @rachael,  sadly we cannot give you a specific date yet, but i would put down the new address (if it is known yet). @shahid, ba-aa-hutiful! :d
@marcwin it was stated from the beginning when the hemp edition and larger size were added that the hemp would not be available in the larger size. yeah, it's a bummer, but you gotta go small if you want that hemp. it costs more for the hemp than the other additions. not sure what production limitations they have in getting the hemp in the larger size. the other editions are the same price for large or small so one would think paying the higher price for the hemp would equate the same way. we don't know about those possible production limitations, though.
i'd like to see a reply to this-----it is disappointing that those who ordered the large size cant get the hemp color. why? and if this has changed i want to change my survey.
@rachel, you need to mention grande size in your survey to change the size.
that sounds baahutiful!
do you know when the original size mug will be sent out (approximate date)? i will be moving right around the time that i saw it was shipping out last may/june.
hi  goat story team, i was wondering how to change my order to the grande size; i initially placed an order of $50 for the two mugs and saw to change it to simply select two of the $25 grande size ones; however i'm unable to switch because the pledge time is now over. is there a way to change my order or should i fill in the grande quantity size on the survey instead of original? i haven't sent the survey in yet and i'd like to know what to do if it's possible to switch the size at all.
it is disappointing that those who ordered the large size cant get the hemp color. why? and if this has changed i want to change my survey.
extra ordering is dangerous! i have vancouver covered! well at least 4 of us will be baaa-ing.
how can i change my order and shipping address?
hello , i'm a hong kong consumer , and i would like to know when can i receive your lovely goat mug ? and please let me know if there's any update . thank you
@j.s., thank you so much, man! @randi,  those are all knockoffs, we are trying hard to have them all removed. they have nothing to do with this original goat story coffee mug. @catty, thank you so much! @elykkra, it is not on the way yet, but hold on tight! @lai, we are shipping out the original sized mugs in may and june and the grande sized mugs in july.
i'm a consumer of hong kong, and i would like to know when i gonna received my order and any update for me?? thanks!!
@elykira: quote from anze's post five down from yours: "in one of the previous updates it was mentioned that 12 oz. original size goat mug will be shipped out at the and of may and during june. 16 oz. grande goat mug will be shipped one month after that."
helo, i'm a french consumer, and i liked to know when i gonna received my order ... i hope it's on the way ... thank you.
ebay mugs are knockoffs using goat story's photos :( not cool. i can't wait to hold my goat story mug in hand, especially with all the tweaks these guys have been able to do to make them an even nicer product. and considering estimated delivery was listed as mid march during the campaign, i am not at all concerned or surprised to have ended up with a couple months worth of delay from production stuff. not at all. so thank you, for working hard to give us a product worth having, and taking the time to get everything right the first time.
i read through many comments and did not see anything addressing the goat mugs for sale on ebay with two week delivery from hong kong and china. using the same pictures as in the kickstarter video. what is up with that? is that you all or the reason there is such a delay?
so i've noticed how some folks have been very worrisome about the process of the goat mugs. i have done kickstarters before and for the majority of them, i've had to wait over a year to receive my items. so honestly if i get my 11oz mugs in may, i'd be happy. @anze miklavec, i have full faith that you will deliver an awesome product, and it doesn't bother me that you have to work longer on it to make the best product. i want to get the best for my money and i am glad you are focusing on this as well! can't wait til i get the mugs!
hi backer! as i already mentioned we are trying our best to make the most amazing product and we're going to deliver nothing else but that. as you know we made a big upgrade to goat mug - we offered you handcrafted leather holder. taking care about all small details, choosing the right material and handcrafting took more time than i estimated from the beginning. i am very sorry for that. you have to believe me that we are working all days and nights to deliver your orders as soon as possible. in one of the previous updates it was mentioned that 12 oz. original size goat mug will be shipped out at the and of may and during june. 16 oz. grande goat mug will be shipped one month after that. one more time i would like to say that i am really grateful for all your support, it means a lot to me. anze
@anze, i'm super excited to receive my goat mug. any updates on when they will ship? i totally understand the massive scale of production and delays being the nature of this business, so i don't want to come across as upset or impatient, just really stoked about the product and would like to know when i will be receiving at least a tracking number :) thanks!
megan- the survey should allow you to edit your shipping information, as well as you can send the creator a message with your needs.
my address has changed since backing this and i'm scared i'm not gonna get my mugs :(
@anze i still have faith in the goat story!! i may not own a business, or work in production, but i feel like things can get crazy. so i understand that. and as far as delaying the shipments, honestly, i am all for it. if it means a better quality mug, hell yeah! i am excited to see how they turn out. i am excited to get my goat mug! @all the neigh sayers. yes, the got more money then they originally asked for. that doesn't mean that all the sudden they can afford  two or three times the staff. they still have to make the additional mugs. most backers probably bought more then one mug. so that means they are having to makes a whole lot of mugs, and find a manufacturer for all those mugs. i can imagine it is really hard to do. at the very least, it is learning experience for the goat team. yes, its with our money, but they'll get things rolling. i've backed another kick starter that only asked for $100,000, but got 2.5 million. i pleaded a little under $700. and they just mentioned that our awards will be delayed. yeah, it kinda sucks. but they are making a better product. in the end, i would rather wait a little bit and get something better. @anze again, updates would be nice. but that goes for every kickstarter. goat on goat team!! i can't wait to see what the business world has in future for you :)
@matthew thank you for ur comment and deep consideration on ks. yep i've not backed mass-production project privately before, since it's not work hours. if your assumption is correct, they didn't have proper development trial with molding-dies on thier original schedule. ordinarily, development schedule for mass-production contain trial and error terms. they needed longer terms, or not contained improvement terms. if so, it's just project management ability (or manufacturing vendor management ability) issue. it's ok. if they are not scam artists, as you mentioned, it's very good. but, frankly, i'm suspicious of them now. they are bragging their 'success' on company website. they are collecting money even now. but they does not post proper photos, as @jerome mentioned. where is goat story? no stories in their updates, there are just adding variations for collecting money. without proper update, they seems to extend their collecting-money-terms with asked&answered or estimated-shipment-delay. yep, they are still collecting money. this suspicion stems from their updates.. since anze blamed delay on customers' wish for 'perfect' production, i'm suspicious. i see, scam artists lay the blame on others for distraction from blaming on themselves. but, yep, @steven, there are no signs of being a scam, and they are on the way to starting up now. i'm waiting for proper update, since i love their goat design. @creator, anze pls kindly do proper update; not only improvement, but also behind the scenes, problems, anything. i need your stories. hope goat team starting up goes well, br
i have every trust in the goat team that they will deliver!! these guys are not running a scam, and it doesn't even show signs of being a scam at all. of course they can provide a bit more updates about the problems and the process they are going through, but it has increased and improved a lot already since some time ago. they have to make sure that the product is up to the quality they promised, which means that production might be delayed. they have supplied more colour options and size options, because we kept asking them for stretch goals, and because we wanted something even more unique than the original prototypes, and they came through. of course these extra options would lead to delays. any logically thinking backer could know this beforehand. more work equals more time. also, this ks blew up to a few scales above what the could have foreseen with their initial planning and management. not to mention that they got ripped off by their original fabricators... not making excuses for the creators, but i do have understanding for the added delays with design, production and shipping, and i am even surprised that it only added a few more months, and that they still plan to ship in the summer. however, as i've stated before, all the current comments arise from insufficient and incoherent customer service and inexperience in project management for this scale of productions. but please keep in mind that these guys are in the process of building a new brand and new company, and that they will run into problems, big or small. no one in the world has built a company without hard work, and making mistakes. of course some mistakes and miscommunications are more difficult to explain to the backers, but at least they are trying to keep up their promises. but us backers also have to understand that some compromises have to be made in order to make sure that don't go bankrupt after fullfillment of this ks. but to keep on bashing the team and is not helping them keeping their spirits up. it only serves to discredit them and blame them for things they most likely could not have foreseen. jerom diaz, i would like to ask you politely to shut the hell up, because people are not waiting to hear your hateful comments. you've made your point, and it is normal to be sceptical, but what you are doing amounts to a type of slander campaign, which i do not tolerate. these type of problems are the deal with almost every ks project, and had you done some researach beforehand, you might have known better that you obviously cannot handle the fact that start-ups run into problems, and that it will take time to get a quality product out on the market. stop venting your frustration about your own ignorance and short sightedness, and start being more constructive and helpful! ks is great for creators to get a head start in funding their products, and great for backers to receive a product before it hits the market. but is also means that backers are subject to experiencing the problems that the creators run into, and be on the receiving end of their mistakes. too much "new to ks backers" treat ks as a pre-order webshop, and expect all to be deliverd exactly on the date it was specified... it really put's a downer on some projects where these people come in and bash on everything without thinking about the processes related to creating new and innovative products! keep going strong goat team, don't let the haters get to you!!
@makii i am going to take a guess that you've not backed anything of this scale before. to be fair, i don't think anze had tried to do anything of this scale either. the upside of kickstarter is you get to help something new and unique come into being, the downside is you get to see "how the sausage is made" including any and every hiccup and bump along the way. the first mugs we probably saw during the original drive were probably prototypes: individually handmade and probably took dozens of hours each so they looked the way they did. to make something that will be mass produced look at least similar to how a prototype looks requires a bit of trial and error as far as molds, materials and castings work. add to the fact that they are sourcing the manufacturing process to a third party (i don't see them making over 20,000 mugs in house) it adds lead time to each revision. i'm not defending them entirely, there could have been more updates. there should be more updates (specifically another faq collecting a large number of the repeat questions). i would also like to see some more "in production" shots, but this isn't a scam. most scams on kickstarter never do updates let alone responding to the tsunami of comments asking questions that have been asked and answered a dozen times already. they have let us know of some delays as they've arisen. they let us know in march that the earliest things will ship is may. they let us know in april that the grande mugs will be later than that. they're trying to make the product better for us without adding extra costs for us while still trying to keep what promises they can. it doesn't sound good to say that this is taking longer because it was so successful but if that’s the reason, then yes we are to blame for making it so successful. this hasn't been the best run kickstarter i've ever backed, but it is far from the worst. they have my support because i think they will provide an excellent product even if it is a couple months later than they anticipated.
additionally, i'd like to ask you, anze. pls kindly stop blaming production/shipment delay on customers. you made decision on making variations. you made decision on production/shipment delay. no other made decision on it. you should not blame delay on customers' wish. making variations is the worst way from inventory control point of view, even if you wished it would fulfill customers' wish. this is simple logic for production. since you decided to make variations though you were blind to terms of improvements, you went into maze of improvements. since you were unsighted on each of improvements, you could not go into survey process. since you could not give inventory control up for saving inventory cost without survey result, you could not go into production. since you could not go into production, you could not do initial shipment. that's all my understanding. correct, or not; that is not the question. i believe initial shipment delay stem not from customers' wish, but from project management ability. however, my understanding does not mean blaming delay on you. if you are not scam artists, delay would be just project management ability issue. on kickstarter, it's ok. again, if you are not scam artists, i will be delighted to stay connected to goat project, since i love your goat mug design. thus i hope you can make proper update. thanks and br
scam, or not; that is the question. now goat team seems to be just collecting money, without initial reward shipment nor proper update on production situation. as for variations in sizes/colors/materials, these can not be the reason for initial shipment delay. i see, these variations they decided to make are messing up on this project and their starting up, from the cs point of view. this is bad situation for both of creators/backers. also production amount can not be the reason for intial shipment delay. i knew this amount is huge for them, but that does not affect initial production and shipment. if they will be setting up a business they would like to continue after the ks rewards, they should do initial shipment for future customer relationship on schedule. anze's comment does not make sense at all. i hope they can make proper update with stories and photos of production process, then i can stay connected to goat project with trust and patient. no need to answer individually, i think. i see, many questions stem from poor update info. proper update, no bashing. pls kindly just do it. thanks and br
to everyone who has been bashing on the team working on these mugs: how much experience do you have with something of this size? instead of constant slander, maybe give them a break and share support. they have a lot of people to answer questions for.
@jeorme diaz: exactly, our initial goal was $25,000, and an average pledge is $50, which makes only 500 backers, or 500-1000 mugs to produce. since there is 10,617 backers, at an average pledge of $50, that means each ordered at least 2 mugs and that means 21,234 mugs, which is exactly 21.234 times more than the initial 1000. which makes the production process a tad more complicated. also, you as backers asked for some improvements (regarding material and so on) and we really did our best in looking for new factories that can produce the mug you asked for (which takes time, effort, energy, lost of calling and e-mailing, as well as traveling). besides, making the real leather covered holders means making each and every one of them by hand. also, the grande mug was completely a backers’ wish and it took a completely separate development to make it happen (which, again, takes time and so on). we could have sent you a mug in february but you probably wouldn’t have liked it. this way, you are going to receive a mug which is – by backers’ standards – perfect! as for the ones on ebay, they are clearly fakes and we are taking them down. @胡皓竣: please inbox us your order number and we will try to cancel it. @kevin ruiz: no, everyone needs to fill it in so it is not over until everyone does it. @aakash gupta: thank you ☺ @ironmonger: could you please just tell us which colour of the grande you would like to receive? @shannon s: hello shannon, the prices are the same. we will make a note of the change. @walter wu: dear walter, you can order it on www.goat-story.com and use the promotional code “iambacker” for free shipping. @stella lau: dear stella, please just write to our inbox which mugs you would like to order. you may order different ones. @mohammed umair hassan: we will make a note of that. @gabriela ibañez: dear gabriela, just fill in the survey with the address you want the mugs to be shipped to. @dominic teo: hello dominic, that was for the logistics reason, but we have managed to change that. because the survey settings can not be changed anymore, please fill it in anyway and let us know what to change. @hanyo chen: dear hanyo, just fill in the survey as it is (because it can not be changed now), but send us your wishes into the inbox and we will make a note for the change of your order. @ciera lim: dear ciera, we hope you understand that we get hundreds of e-mails daily and are working really hard on replying to all of them in time, but there is a couple of thousands less of us than the backers. as for the different colors, we are working on solving that problem. the 5-per-pack was due to logistics reasons, but we are looking for alternative options and it seems it is all going to be sorted out. please, have some patience for another couple of days and we will come back to you with the news. @soogyoung jean ahn: there is no deadline for the survey, don’t worry. @sheree young: dear sheree, yes, you can choose the grande,because the price is the same. we are very sorry for not replying to your e-mail. @jose d. colon: since your pledge is $20, you can only receive the grande without straps. @matthew ho: hello mathew, i see you got everything sorted ☺ @joshua brown: sure, just order it on www.goat-story.com and use the “iambacker” promotional code for free shipping. @eindra nwe: please, just finish the survey regardless and we will make note of the change so everything is going to be ok. @zionji: they look exactly the same, just the real leather is made from cow skin and faux leather is made from a textile material, but it feels and looks like real leather. @mike tan: dear mark, we will make a note of that.  @ivan salazar: dear ivan, we will make a note of that. @andrew noh: dear andrew, we have posted pictures on multiple occasions. since there is no way to change the survey now, we invite you to check this link: http://goat-story.com/goat_mug_survey.pdf. that is exactly how they look. @daniel krull: dear daniel, if you pledged for 2 for $40, you may receive 2 grande mugs without straps, which still makes it the same price as the original sized one.
looking for help with a kick starter idea, any recommendations on who to contact?
let's recap the situation on-hand: 1.  as of now (end of april)... there is still no proof that mugs have gone into production. a simple photo will debunk this. 2. delivery date spans a three month period starting mid-may to july  (projected not confirmed). really? three month span to send out mugs?  they probably want the packaging 'perfect'. why am i doing this? instead of coming clean with actual project hurdles they give out lame excuses. we should  hold the creators culpable of their lack of project management skills and lack of transparency. the crowd needs to look after their interests because no one else will... with that, i still hope the goat people will still come through. i'm skeptical but i can be proven wrong. please do.
it must be terribly frustrating for your creative product idea to get ripped off and sold via the people you trusted to manufacture before you have a chance to deliver to the backers that placed trust and money with you. can you elaborate on how this is being handled to ensure when your backers finally do receive what we ordered, it's the quality you intended and not a knock off from a distributor you fired? perhaps some kind of secondary markers, identification can be added after you receive that you don't share with your suppliers. http://www.aliexpress.com/popular/stainless-steel-drinking-horn.html http://www.ebay.com/sch/i.html… the stainless steel version i see is particularly interesting as it's promising a  6 hour hot time instead of 2. despite this advantage, i typically avoid this style mug since i can't microwave reheat it when it does get cold if i don't finish. however, due to the shape of these i don't know that i could microwave anyway since the leather holder probably wouldn't be a good idea in the microwave. http://www.ebay.com/itm/goat-horn-shape-stainless-steel-coffee-cup-mugs-with-genuine-leather-hand-belt-/331506317105… looking forward to delivery.
my backer number is: #1519 per your email request
i received an email saying i needed to write my order number in the comment box but have no idea where to find it... anyone know?
@caroline i'm not directly blaming them for the knock-offs. i am however, questioning their( lack of) actions overall and their misrepresentation on this campaign. the initial plan for the  campaign stated that they will start shipping mid-february. this plan was made during the campaign which ended december 2015. chinese new year is feb 19th. they know that they cannot plan shipping mid-feb without manufacturing in full scale in january, way before the chinese new year celebrations. this means they already knew they cannot make the mid-feb shipping during their campaign in december. they said they wanted to make the product perfect and the chinese new year being in the way... bullocks...truth is they had no idea how to manufacture their mug. if they said in december it would take them 6months to manufacture mugs, no one would have backed them then. meanwhile, from then until now, i discovered they've been getting more orders from kickstarter backers, and from the public via their website and have been promoting their product on the premise of their 'success' in kickstarter (what success?). they also have been developing new products (outside of kickstarter)... look at their company website and interviews in various publications. what successful kickstarter project do they have ? no one has yet to receive the mugs. i am requesting to see photos of their mugs on stock as proof of their work. not the one or two mugs they've shown over and over.not the 2molds they showed months ago... a photo of mass manufactured mugs as proof. if they were to ship mid-may, common sense should say that by now, end of april, the mugs must have been manufactured... 10k backers means at least 10k mugs. one photo of a box of mugs in their factory ready for assembly and shipping is all i am requesting. however, there was no response other than saying that they're working hard, meanwhile, they're  taking in new orders without updating us on a firm shipping date. may-june-july shipping is still a projected shipping date.
@ jerome and pati, did you follow up on this project between funding and now? if not, you may have missed the fact that chinese manufacturers started selling cheap knock-offs months ago already. they told the goat story team that they would be taking a month off to celebrate chinese new year and in the meantime, they copied the design of the mug and different types of fakes have circulated since then. the goat story people have been trying to battle this,but the knock-offs keep popping up on the internet. it's really not something you can blame them for.
it will take them three months to ship the mugs! may-june-july! wtf! we've been had. so much misrepresentation have come from this group. initial campaign stated delivery to be mid-february 2015. the delay is because they want the mugs perfect... bullocks. and now, it's already available at e-bay--even cheaper. what a scam! any oversight from kickstarter? none. backers beware.  we should look after our own interests. because nobody else will. we've given a leg and they ate up our arms as well...
just found them on ebay...http://www.ebay.com/sch/i.html… and they have newer pictures than we've seen on here!  i agree though, please fulfill the orders you have already promised before offering more options/asking for more money.  it makes those whom have backed you from the beginning skeptical.  to those whom are wondering if they'll ever receive a response, i emailed the support email that was on the survey instructions page and they got back to me within a day.  i pleasantly described my concern, and they were more than respectful about their response.
you all should ship out the mugs for all the people that have sent all info you need for completing their orders. not asking for more orders, pull your heads out and operate like a responsible company!!!!
this project only needed 25000 usd to proceed. they got 400,000 plus usd. after delaying the project for months, up to now, there's no proof that they have manufactured any goat mugs. can it be true that 10,000 plus kickstarter backers are being given a joy ride here? shipping by may 2015 means that the mugs should already be manufactured by now...if not then, it's just an insult to common sense. demand proof that they have manufactured the mugs.  it should be easy to do this... https://twitter.com/clearly_baffled/status/591170639941267456
stop buying mugs!!! they haven't even proven they can manufacture the product! this project is starting to smell very fishy!
i book the other one at " http://www.goat-story.com/ " in 2015/ 1/ 29, but need to pay shipping, how can i get the shipping back?
i've just filled out my survey. is it too late?
if you have made mistakes then you have to send an email to anze with the actual order details and ask for confirmation of the same.
hi, so i just took the survey and forgot that i paid an additional $25 to get a grande mug in addition to the two original sized mugs i wanted. but now it says i can't change the choices on my survey, yet i paid for the grande mug in addition to the two mugs i put down in the survey. can someone help me? thanks.
i also wanted to change my mug to grande. wasn't clear that it didn't cost more.
i really like to order more, but ship together, not sure how that can be done.. sent via messages, but haven't heard a reply for weeks.
please confirm if the revised survey is being prepared for distributor backers to choose 10 different mugs. it is difficult for us to decide on future orders if we do not have a sample of each type. appreciate a reply. thanks.
@sheree young: hi sheree. i also pledged for the x10 mugs.  as for your question "does it cost extra to have all my mugs in grande?" the answer is no, there is no extra charge. however in the survey you are only allowed to order in batches of 5 (which means in your survey you will order 2 sets in total; 5+5)
hi guys i've messaged you on kickstarter and emailed you as well, i was hoping to get the size of my goat mug changed from grande to normal. cheers
hi, i sent an email asking if a change of shipping address to the us was possible, but haven't received a reply yet. i'll wait for your answer before filling out the survey. thanks.
i'm also waiting for them to reply to my special request as i have backed the distributor pack. i still don't understand why the 5 mugs of the same colour.
can i change my order from the grande sized mug into original sized one?
hi, i ordered the distributor package. as i know, we can choose different types for each mugs with this package.  because we don't have 5 mugs with the same color and size in the order form, please help me to fill the survey form which is not in packages of 5x the same color and size.  thanks for your help.
i've not yet received any reply for my second email. hope that you may reply my email asap. thx a lot. hi ana/anze, unfortunately we are deeply disappointed and upset over your decision to customise only in sets of fives. this is unacceptable. 1. we did not pledge for the distributor pack (usd$200 or more) but the personalised 10-pack (usd$250 or more) hence we paid more per mug than the distributor pack. we expect it to follow the description on your kickstarter page to have 10 individually, uniquely personalised. 2. when we pledged for this, we did not see there was any indication that it will be in set of fives. we have went through the comments section and our understanding of having 10 uniquely personalised was shared by many others who pledged for either the distributor 10-pack or the personalised 10-pack. it was never mentioned that it comes in packs of fives of the same mugs. it was added after-the-fact and it really amounts to fraud to us. i believe that many who have pledged for either packs are equally upset for the same reason. we have sat through increasingly restrictive customisation to the point that this is no longer really a "personalised" option. please give us a reasonable and responsible response. ciera lim ------------------------------ hi ciera! i'm going to try and answer your questions one by one: 1. sadly this is the package that was meant for distributors that is why there are no sepparate orders available (and hence the cheaper price per mug) 2. they can be differently sized, but in packages of 5. 3. please do e-mail us the personalization, but we hope that you understand that there will be one logo/text engraved on all ten mugs 4. it would be perfect if you could send us the file in .ai or .svg (adobe illustrator files)  hope i helped, have a nice day! ana ---------------------------------------- hi anze, we have pledged for the personalised 10-pack. from what we understood from the beginning and vaguely what was written in the "how to fill the survey" faq, we have a few questions in our heads that we hope you could kindly help us out with: 1. could we still order 10 completely different mugs instead of in sets of fives? 2. will they all be of grande size? 3. do we email you the 10 personalisation details and not do the survey? 4. if you would like us to email you the details, do you have a particular format that can help you process this quickly and accurately?  thank you for your time. we hope to hear from you soon.  sincerely, ciera lim
i sent a message and waiting for the reply but the survey ends up in few days ahhhhhh
i have a few questions before i fill out my survey. background: i pledged for 10 goat mugs. i emailed my question to anze@goat-story.com yesterday, but haven't got a respond yet. i understand there are only 2 people responding to emails.  i dont mind the wait, but there was no information on when i'll need to fill out the survey by. when is the last date to fill out the survey? i would like to have my questions answered before filling out the survey. also since i pledged to 10 goat mugs.  does it cost extra to have all my mugs in grande? or no? thank you. best regards,
ok, i submitted the survey for 2 black ones instead, i misunderstood the rewards my bad
when i did my survey grande was not an available choice. personally i would like to do the 16oz.
hemp is a $33 mug and others are $25 mugs. thats why you don't get hemp edition mug in survey.
hi, my reward is for two mugs, i wanted one hemp and one full black but the option for hemp is not available in the survey?
can i buy one more mug? i contributed $50 for two mugs, but now i would like one additional mug. thanks, josh
@zionji you mean real leather and fux?
thank you, basilb. i can be seen in the photo the difference of goat mug own leather finish?
@zionji faux leather is made from a fabric base, which is chemically treated with wax, dye, or polyurethane for a color and texture. genuine leathers are made from the skins of animals, such as cattle, goats, sheep, and pigs taken from http://www.ebay.com/gds/how-to-tell-the-difference-between-faux-leather-and-real-leather-/10000000177636273/g.html
i paid $50 for this pledge level. pledge $50 or more fancy a really unique goat story coffee mug?  choose the colour, and we will engrave the kickstarter logo on it.  you will also get a specially designed t-shirt.  this is a really limited option. but i wanted 2 mugs. i do not want a t-shirt. i cannot submit the survey without filling in the t-shirt order. please advise.
i do not understand is the difference between real leather and faux leather. i, i want be seen photos or description it. thanks.
hi there, i just submitted my survey and didn't realize i could upgrade to a grande size with my backing of $25 dollars. would it still be possible to change my order to the grande size? i'd really appreciate it. thanks so much and i'm so excited for this mug!
hi, i have pledged for the hemp edition but i can't see any option for that, so i have choosen grande sized white goat mugs with marsala holder and straps in the survey. can i still go along with hemp edition? how do i go about it? i'm very excited abt it.
can we get an update with pictures for all the options in the survey? would like to see how they actually look like before submitting it.
so, in the announcement that the grande goal had been reached, it says "the new reward is available for the same price as the original goat mug size." but it turns out that actually isn't true for those of us who had backed at the $40 level? that would have been nice to know before this ended...
hi everyone! wow, such feedback from you guys. first of all thanks to everyone of you for being here for us and another thank you for all the kind words. so, here are the answers to the majority your questions: if you accidentaly deleted the e-mail you got about the survey, please log into the kickstarter page, there should be a notification there telling you to fill out the survey. we are planning to start shipping out the mugs in may and june. the grande mug has not been offered on rewards $20 and $40 since the cost of the grande mug is higher than $20. if we made a promise that we did not keep, please contact us. we are doing our best to make additional orders possible for you guys without any extra shipping fee. hold tight, we are making it happen! the bag used is going to be made of jute. hemp is generally not an option on other rewards but on the $33 hemp edition goat mug reward. if we promised you the hemp mug and you overpledged for adequate amount of money, please let us know. yes, the goat mug is dishwasher safe. yes, the shirts are going to be available for order. please contact us for any additional help you might need with the survey or if you made a mistake and wish to change it. but we do ask nicely of you to please read through everything 3 times if necessary to avoid any inconveniences regarding your order.
hey, i pledged for $265 (distributor package $200 + extra 2 goatmug $50 + shipping $15) but in my survey i can't choose how many goatmug i want for each color, every color is already package of 5. how can i change that? i want 5 brown, 4 black and 3 marsala. thank you
hi, what is the different between the real leather and the faux leather?  thanks?
hi, what is the different between the real leather or the faux leather? thanks?
hi, what is your email address to send the personal logo? thanks
also, @anze will the shirts be available for order down the road since they were made open to all backers? i chose a size up from my usual orders, unsure of how the sizing of the shirt, but i would love to order more if it's too big/i lose more weight
until the group finalizes the survey, you will be able to edit it. you can go to "my backed projects" or just go to the rewards part of this campaign and yours will be highlighted. it will say when the survey was sent and a link saying "your response " will be present. you can edit your response there.
for what it is worth, my survey was just like you said it would be! i cannot wait for my goat mug! :d
i made the mistake of answering the survey on a plane and was in the middle of changing my mind about the colors for my order, and i accidentally submitted a bad survey response (and i got five confirmations, apparently from my attempt to go back and fix it...plane wifi is terrible).  i need to either pay you guys more money or get that survey fixed.  what should i do?
i never got the survey!
i too was hoping to purchase additional goat mug, but only pledged for one. i marked only one on the survey in case marking additional quantities would mess things up. please let me know how i can purchase a second one.
is it possible to get a black mug with a marsala leather holder?
waiting on the survey to be updated to show hemp as an option.
@anze, your reply didn't answer my question so i'm asking again,  but more so telling because i already did it--i wanted to make sure that i replied to the survey on time. i pledged for two mugs but want to add two more, so in the survey i added the two. please let me know how to pay for these. thank you.
i filled my survey but didn't see grande option i was hoping to get
@quintessence thank you for the tip. i will email them for the change. i appreciate the help!
i backed at the $40 level for 2 mugs. there wasn't an option, however, to make those the grande size. is there a way for me to ensure that i get the larger mugs?
there was no mention in the distributor reward that it has to be in packages of 5 mugs of the same type. i would like to order a variety. please advise on how to do so. thanks!
i'm going camping in june and was really looking forward to having my grande goat mug. seeing that they won't be here till july is kinda sucks. is it possible to add a regular one to my pledge?
disappointed that there is no hemp option for the grande. i submitted my survey but if you decide to add it - please do - i want to change my selection
hi just wondering if theres a way to add a grande goat mug to my pledge as i only got the $30 reward?
same here, i pledged for $91 - (a select of $50 pledge level + 33 hemp edition + 8 shipping), as instructed by official comments about adding further mugs here. hence, i did not fill in the survey and would like to wait for an official reply on this before moving on without confusion.
hello. same here --- there is no hemp option in the survey. please help. thanks.
hello there, i would like to purchase two tees one man and one woman. but the survey only allows w to add one, is there other way to buy two? cheers
@anthony rosales: i'm sorry, by now you would not be able to edit your survey (you are only allowed 10 minutes to make any changes after submission).  to those who wish to make changes and are still able to, click the top right of your kickstarter page (your profile picture), then click "backed projects" under my stuff, then click on goat mug project, then click "survey". you should be able to see an "edit" option in your survey response. if that button cannot be seen, it means it is too late to make any changes. i suppose for such situations it is better to drop them a private message on kickstarter, or just send them an e-mail (as stated in the survey instructions).
@goatstory #iwanthemp
same here, no hemp option..
no hemp can choose
disregard my query. simple survey. can't wait for our goats!!
so excited for this to arrive! it's a gift for my partner and i know it's going to blow his mind!
hello, i pledge $141 for 4 colors with original size,and one grande size with brown  colors.that is 25+25+25+33+25=133.then plus the ship to taiwan.133+8=141 but i cannot see the option for hemp edition on my survey.how can i do with the problem?please help me about that.thanks a lot,
i ordered the distributor package, could i select colours for each of the mugs? not in packages of 5x the same colors
i ordered the distributor package, could i select colours for each of the mugs? not in packages of 5x the same colors
hi i would like to add 2 grande to my order, how can i do this? thanks
goat!
woot, got my survey and filled it all out :d thanks goat team for all your hard work.
how do i add a mug to my order?
add another query about "i pledged for three, how do i choose different colors for each one?".
i need to make a change to my survey. anyone know how i can make this change?
very exciting! the eatingtools.com logo is going to look awesome on a goat mug!
yikes. i can't remember if i get an original or a grande. it's been so long. lol i checked original on the survey and figure you all will catch it if i'm wrong. so excited!!!
it's possible that this was all ready answered, but i can't find it in the comments. is this dishwasher safe? i'm still psyched to get it, but just checking. obviously not the leather part, but the horn itself. thanks
yes! ^ ^ i'm glad the survey is finally sent out. now i can't wait to receive my mugs. i can feel that it's definately worth the wait!
or can i get partly refund at this point? i'd rather pre-order on your web site for the hemp edition.
@goatstory #iwanthemp
i pledged for 2 mugs with leather straps before you announced the hemp version, when i asked you about having 1 of each if i added the extra money i was told that it would be fine, on my survey it doesn't give me the option of selecting hemp as one the 2 mugs, can this be sorted out please?
after the orders ship and things get settled down, would you consider allowing purchase of additional holders and straps?  i was really looking forward to a white goat mug with black holder/straps.  i can purchase an additional black mug with straps and just switch out the mugs, but more than likely i'll just settle with a white mug with brown holder and buy an aftermarket strap somewhere else.  since that mix/match will really go against how you would like your product to appear when spotted out and about, i just wanted to see if you would consider the option down the road. and to 2nd jess rogers' question, did i miss the message about how to actually incur no shipping for the kickstarter backers for additional orders made on the preorder?
on january 3rd - anze said "hey gergely, i would kindly ask you to pledge on the $33 hemp reward and add another $25 for the additional regular mug you wish to receive. thanks!" - how is this any different than pledging $58 ($33 + $25) for two mugs when we thought we could pick our colors?  :(
i'm a bit confused....i choose 2 sets of mugs and straps which is $50 but paid $33 more, totally $83 for hemp edition and wait....i did wrong for the pledge? should i had to choose hemp edition?
so disappointed.......i pledged $58 thinking i could mix and match and choose hemp.  but now i can't mix and match and hemp was the one color i really wanted. i just don't even care now....   refund for changing what was once promised?
anyone know how to create a decent vector file converter from jpg or png?
i am from china. i wonder what will you do to write my address.( i have put the province into english.)
matteo:  if you look at campaign, the grande mugs were a stretch goal, and while it says black/brown/marsala, it doesn't say hemp as an option. i just filled out the survey, and i did see black as a grande option (and chose it!)
and did we ever decide on what bag to use?
@brianna & @ johannes: as long as you've pledged the correct amount $$$ i believe it's fine to indicate either original or grande in your survey. @jess rogers: i've asked the same question and this was the response:  "yes, we did mention that free shipping on additional mugs will be possible for backers. we will be sending out the survey on monday and that is when you will find out all the details about additional pre-orders. thank you so much for your support, your understanding and have a great day! ana" hmm, but i didn't see any information about it when i completed the survey...
i'm actually pretty pissed about not being able to mix colors, as the question was specifically asked and answered during the campaign. it would have been easy to say "we'll try but no guarantee " rather than yes. i filled out the survey anyway and chose a color because enough already, but it does not leave me with a positive impression of your company. the delays are what you expect of a kickstarter; changing promised rewards months later is not.
question for the goat-story team. i have tried several times to pre-order an extra mug through your website store but it states that it's not accepting transactions. if i were to put down 2 mugs for order (instead of the 1 i pledged) would you send me payment info for it similar to how you're allowing add-ons for the shirt? sorry this is a duplicate question from the most recent update, just curious of an answer. also a general thanks to you and your team. the mug looks great and i look forward to getting it. i don't mind the delay, it's super common with almost every kickstarter i've ever backed. i'd much rather get a perfect item a bit later than an imperfect one now.
@tim & @charlotte law: if i'm not mistaken you can find survey information under "my stuff" (top right corner with your profile picture) and then "backed projects" and then click on "goat mugs" then click on "survey"  otherwise it should be in your e-mail!
and now we wait...
yahooo!! i am very excited! thank you :d
when are you  planning to ship the mugs?  since i am leaving my apartment and the country in 3 months.
yay survey! in the 16th update there was mentioned that backers could get more mugs via the pre-order at no extra shipping.  "since we have started with the additional pre-orders on our website, we are going to have a special offer for all our kickstarter backers. you guys will be able to order more products from the site, without extra shipping costs! how goat is that? you will receive more info on this matter really soon." i didn't see anything mentioned about that after that. now that there isn't an option for mixing colors, i'd like to get a second mug to mix my own colors. did i miss any info?
same like briana except the other way round. i thought i could switch back to the original size, is there any possibility?
i am about to compile the survey but i am puzzled. no hemp option available and no grande black mug (not the leather parts, i am talking about the mug only) ?
thanks for the team effort so far, can't wait to get the goat mug then. i love this monday :)
i was just wondering if you have any idea when they will be shipped out now? sorry if this has been asked before..
i'm an idiot and didn't realize i had to manually switch to the grande size option. is it still possible to request that after the fact or is it too late since the funding ended & the survey was just distributed? (just want to know before i complete the survey.)
can you send the survey to me one more time,please? thank you!!
hi, where can i find the survey? i cannot find it in my inbox. can you resend if ive missed it? and where can i confirm my postal address? thanks
very glad to know the survey is so close. before i make my choice, is it possible for you to show a photo of the actual completed mugs, in all colour options, to make choosing colour easier? it would also be appreciated if you can show a photo of the real leather and faux leather holders side-by-side, as my choice will be based on which one looks nicer. ;)
@kilo, sorry for the confusion, ofcourse the hemp edition has no leather or faux leather included in the design, the material used on the holder and straps is hemp.
@siddhesh, the survey is sent through kickstarter (we are using their survey platform)
@elizabeth, shea, thank you for your understanding! @ahmadsyah, we are using cow leather.  @dominic, it will be all clear in the survey.
@quintessence, thank you for your understanding, you are great! yes, the hemp edition is only available to those who pledged to the $33 reward.
@kirsten, rebecca, ian, andrew, thank you so much, means a lot!
@karen, we will be shipping all the mugs that a backers ordered together. we are working hard to make more orders with free shipping for backers available.
@chan, it means that we will not allow for backers to choose, let’s say, a black holder on a white mug or a brown holder on a black mug.
@matthew, survey coming really soon! ☺
@maor, we are working as hard as we can to start shipping out the mugs in may and june.
@mason, marsala and hemp are not limited editions.
@ray r, cleaning faux leather is really simple, a soap and warm water solution with mild soap is sufficient to get rid of any staining. water doesn’t leave any stains on any of the material we are using.
@kristen, we’re sorry that you don’t love them as much as we do. this is our way of saying subtle, elegant and simple.
a bit confusing with the leather options... i pledged for the hemp edition, so for hemp edition do we have to choose between laux leather and real leather? my thought is that hemp is made of completely hemp and no leathers involved. any more info?
@anze: from which email address will we be receiving the surveys? just so no one misses them... thanks
are we allowed to have various colours as i'd chosen the distributors pack? and if so will there be a selection of different sizes for me to choose from without any additional costs (if there is any)?
@ahmadsyah zhafrie the creator indeed offers a faux leather option so it should not be a problem. backers who are unsure about the real leather's source(s) can simply choose the faux leather option.
dear @creator you really need to answer this question before posting the survey form which animal has the leather come from? because there are multi religious/ activist backer,  most muslim does not want pig skin, while some hinduism does not want cow (i do have friend who is hindu or muslim but did not fully practice their religiion that why i use the word 'some'  and 'most'). even if it using goat leather some animal right activist wont like it as well.  and human right activist want to use real animal leather instead. it will make them easy for them to choose faux leather. instead of guessing where the leather come from.
"what happened to the mixing and matching of different colour options of the goat mugs? . while our kickstarter campaign was live, we promised some of you the option to mix and match different colour combinations of mugs and holders. after carefully considering these options, we came to the conclusion that the goat mug was a very carefully designed product and its appearance is very important. therefore, we decided that the originally planned colour combinations will be the only colour combinations available. also in the stage of our kickstarter campaign we hadn’t realise how complicated mixing and matching would be and even more we hadn’t expect the number of orders to rise to 10,617. after examining all options we had to make this decision of offering 4 different colours of goat mugs in two sizes and with the options of either real or faux leather for the holders and straps." . i knew they were going to do this. things were getting complicated and the response to this was overwhelming. i am rather disappointed they didn't make this announcement before the campaign was over seeing as it was pretty obvious they were biting off a lot more than they could chew by letting people mismatch. i'm okay with the 4 options given, but still... wonder how many people backed wanting to change it up a bit...
gah wrote a heap and lost it. doh. just wantedwanted to say chillax guys this is still looking good. besides if they shipped on time i'd call shenanigans preorder service. delays are example of a real work in progress which is what you backed for folks. start worrying if they go dark or hit 12 months...till then relax. ( mind you its a bunch of prob heavy coffee drinkers no wonder so twitchy)
still bummed that the shirts aren't exclusive to the backers who chose the shirt option, i would've ordered a hemp mug instead to complete my collection. but thank you for charging a reasonable amount for them instead of the free a lot of people seemed to want. very excited that the moment i have my mugs is approaching fast!
btw, glad you've moved back to posting where the campaign was, as i don't do forums. but i also yay'ed
yay so excited :) one of the best kickstarter projects i have backed!  thanks so much!!!
super duper excited for the surveys coming out on monday, 13 april (for those who keep asking "where are our mugs/surveys?!) i completely understand how difficult it would have been to offer fully customisable colour options (i believe quite a number of backers might be upset about this, not me though). perhaps you could rethink this consideration with the 52 backers who have backed you guys on the personalised 10-pack level, since their mugs would already be unique to start with.  additionally, just wanted to make sure that although all 4 colour options are shown on the survey, the mocha/hemp edition is only available to those who backed/topped up the appropriate level, right?
thank you all for your hard work! i am very excited for my goat mug. i look forward to filling out the survey on monday.
@anze and team; this was addressed way earlier but not in the recent email--if we pledged for two mugs but would like to order two more in addition to our pledge, where will be the option be to do this. also, would it be possible to ship the regular mugs first and the grande mugs later, so that we're not waiting all the way until july? or can we receive our first two, decide whether or not we like them, then have the option to order the grande mugs? thank you team goat story.
you can't  have a black goat mug with a brown holder. or a white mug with black holder...sorry for the confusion.
i am so sorry to ask this, but i did not quite understand what they meant by we cannot mismatch colors. like let's say you did the pledge where you get two, does that mean you cannot get one black and one in hemp? or something else. i'm very sorry, i just want to be clear >_<
let's see how many angry backers will respond after downloading the instructions, and finding out they can't mismatch the colors...  smh.  good luck anze...
it says in the email it's coming monday
so... survey.... where art thou?
what is the delivery date again? i see you guys publish some nice pictures but march is long gone whats going on with our mags?
will the marsala and hemp editions always be available or only for a limited time?
would a leather cleaner be needed for  the faux leather option? what if water gets on it?  if water(not coffee) gets spilled on it(perhaps during washing it) would a leather cleaner be needed? is there a difference in houw the faux or real leather would react to water or coffee?(i.e. would the faux leather be more resistant? would one be easier to clean?) thanks!
hmmm... why are the t-shirts so plain?  i mean, i do truly understand the desire not to be a billboard and the desire to go minimalistic... but this looks like a $5 tee i could buy anywhere that just so happens to have a leather tag. a logo on the shoulder or a small logo in the "shirt pocket" region would have been great, either printed or as leather patch.  something subtle but still showing a goat.
@jazz: we will upload an update about the t-shirts alone. the interest is far greater than we expected, so we will make sure to give you more info on this :) @kristen: well, that is a bit mean :) thank you for your support, though, we really appreciate it! @edith chan: you will be able to choose the size in the survey. @poplarbird: we will update you about the shipping methods when the time comes. thank you for your support! @damian, @jim mcelroy, @not at this time: stay tuned for an update about the t-shirts! @briliant adhi prabowo: the survey is just about to be sent, don't worry. @benjamin: the t-shirts we initially made for backers who opted for a higher priced reward and it would be extremely unfair of us to offer them free of charge to all other backers as well. as for the delay, we are very sorry, but we are working really hard on keeping it as short as possible, now that we are facing it. @elizabeth arsenault: this is exactly why we are not offering them free of charge to the rest of the crowd. we still want to keep you reward special :) @jim mcelroy: thank you for your support. you made us laugh, and we really appreciate that :) @tyler welch: we are sorry if we made you feel inconvenienced. we are working hard on delivering your mugs and will do it, no matter what. we just thought adding something extra wouldn't hurt anybody. @ray r: we wanted to keep it low key. making a t-shirt with a huge logo, with no subtle details would have been the easiest. this way, people of different styles can wear it :) @quintessence: the coffee should not spill, since the mug is leak proof :) however, if the holder does get dirty, use a leather cleaner you would use for bags or furniture. @kristen demeter: thank you for explaining that for us. :) but, above all, thank you for understanding! @caroline kerstens: thank you very much for understanding and believing in us :) we really appreciate your comment and support. @pati: the mugs will be delivered, don't worry :) however, there is really a lot of people here with different styles and wishes and we really wanted to do our best in making everyone happy. we hope you appreciate it nevertheless.
i agree 110% with tyler: please stop trying to make "all the things" for everyone, and please concentrate on those whom have already supported you.  it was noticed during your campaign as well: choices kept being changed...reward levels too....there are quite a number of options as of when you kickstarter closed (2 sizes, 3 different mug colors, different strapping materials), then when the bag choice was being debated (fabric vs hemp, color vs natural)....let's start small, then expand options once you're officially established!  i was ecstatic to read that the survey will be coming this week!  my husband has been looking so forward to your goat mug, every week he asks for an update!!!
i second kirsten, you really can't expect the creators to give everyone free t-shirts when those t-shirts were designed for people who pledged extra for them. if the team wants to give other backers a chance to buy them, i think that's a good idea - i for one didn't pledge for a shirt because i don't like being a product billboard, but the shirts have a nice-looking fit and the logo is very subtle, so i'd be interested in one after all. but giving them away for free? you can't do that to the backers who pledged for a shirt, and you can't do that to the creator who, following your suggestion, would have to deliver over ten thousand quality t-shirts for free. the delivery date was estimated before the project even went live, how can you possibly expect a starting company to set the delivery date dead-on that early in the process? of course, it is disappointing if a product is delivered late, but we're only talking about a few months here. i'm currently still waiting for a reward that was supposed to be delivered in sept 2014 but wasn't shipped until march. there's one project i backed where the creator said the product was completely finished and ready for batch production and shipping; delivery was set for july 2014, but production hasn't even started yet because they've been remodeling one part of the product ever since funding ended. in my experience, the goat story team are doing a good job and i'm confident they will deliver a quality product.
to the man that said, "i think us b-b-backers should receive the t-shirt free of charge since you guys have delayed this product for quite some time." um, no.  a. this project really hasn't been delayed past normal expectations.  almost every kickstarter campaign will have some delay. two months?  that's nothing.  b. the t-shirts aren't free for the goat mug team... how can you expect them to afford giving away and shipping free shirts to everyone?  come on man, be realistic.  if you don't have anything constructive to say, don't say it.
@dickson ng  hi dickson, the updates have already stated that there are delays and the first shipments of goat mugs will happen around may. so let's look forward to may (or maybe even june, if you're an international backer)! :)
@jim mcelroy like your statements jim. it's a mug people not the end of world poverty. chill and be chilled people, it's not what the party is about.
hello anze and team, i bought 2 of goat mug before and i got a e-mail about delivery mouth is march.but i didn't get it yet. can you help me to check it then mail to me what going on? thank you for your reading
hello anze and team,  really excited to hear about the surveys being released soon.  i have some questions regarding the real/faux leather holders: are they water resistant? i.e. what happens if i spill water (or coffee) on them? will there be any stains? and is there any difference between real and faux leather in this situation? i'm sorry if similar questions have been asked before. (i'm not going to scroll down the whole comments section...)
i don't facebook so can anyone post a picture of the t-shirt?
the shirts look like regular white shirt? with a little brown thing on the side... how is this a special shirt? it is just a white shirt?
please, stop trying to create all these different options and just ship the mugs. all you're doing is inconveniencing the people who have already given you money for a product you haven't even delivered on. not to mention giving away what was originally a kickstarter exclusive to everyone else for a "minimum additional fee" is just going to elongate the process and cheapen early supporter rewards. please stop trying to "make all the things" and just deliver on what you've already promised your backers.
hi, just wanted to insert a non complaint here. if it upsets the backers who ordered the level with the shirt included, ok send it to just them, that's only fair. i thought it was only a question but given the negative response it seems to have upset some people. soooo..i would be glad to but a different one as a separate item if that makes others happy. in the end folks it is a coffee cup ok? take a breath, life goes on even if you have to wait until may. be well, stay calm and carry on, right?!
as a backer who chose the limited t-shirt reward, i would like to voice an opinion against sending out the t-shirts to anyone. or at least the same shirt. it was a limited option and most of the comments i've read from people wishing to order a t-shirt are impatient backers wishing to be compensated for just a few extra months of waiting. if shirts are to be mass produced, maybe still offer an exclusive one of a kind (or one in a hundred in this case) shirt specifically for those backers.
what a mess !
i think us b-b-backers should receive the t-shirt free of charge since you guys have delayed this product for quite some time. i was really hoping to use this wonderful product on the promised release date which was beginning of march. let me know what you think.
@adhi, the survey stated it will be out next week. you will receive an email and be able to fill it out here.  and edith, if you paid the cost for two you should still be able to order both even with this. such as i chose the shirt option and paid the extra cost for three more mugs.
dear, the goat story team. glad to hear the update. bit, how to get the survey? i have not received any survey yet, i want to choose the real leather strap. thanks
hello, first glad to hear about the surveys, second i would be interested in the shirt as well let us know how to order, be well, thanks again
i hope you guys do the shirt for all backers like at 5-10 bucks for sure i would buy
i got the update which is the great news i've waiting for :d. some backers had explained in details on how it works and how long it normally take, big thanks to the team and those helped to make it clear.  the other comment about shipping tracking is a good suggestion . my first backing(goat mug is technically my first one) was a gift for a friend as christmas gift and it got lost and but it arrived in feb after another attempt. the track number would be of help . once again thanks for the comments from other backers on how it works .
hi, i have initially ordered 2 regular size mugs, and changed my mind when you introduced "grande" size, so i tried to change my choice before the support period ends, which i did, but it only allow me to pick '1 mug', instead of 2. how can i ensure that i am getting 2 grande mugs?
i'm just hoping to get this before i have to go overseas so my friends will envy me! >:d  but even if not that's okay. i really appreciate the emails on the updates you send us. it feels like you're taking us along with the process of making them. i can't wait to see and drink out of one!
i'd love to see the new t-shirt, but i don't do facebook. is there any other place to see them? and yes, depending on how they look, i'd definitely be interested in purchasing one (or more, if reasonably priced).
english language is in serious trouble.
sorry if this has been asked already can we change our order from 1 to 2 (same color & size)?
@paul: i totally agree with your statement. i've seen people ask about the survey being sent, right after anze saying the survey has not been sent.
step 1) click on comments (1,214) to show all comments (might need to scroll down and click show more) step 2) press ctrl+f step 3) type in something related to your query such as 'survey'  step 3b) or search for anze for all the update posts. step 4) click the arrows to scrol through all the comments relating to it maybe it's just me but i have zero patience for people who can't quickly look for the answer rather than asking a  question that's been answered a million times already >.<
when are backer surveys sent out?
hello, i use the website to pre-order, but the cart add the ship-cost to paypal... i want backer's ship cost free discount, how can i do?
while i am slightly disappointed by the delay, my disappointment is far and above outweighed by your dedication to providing a quality mug to us. keep it up guys, i can't wait for may to get here!
@pati we are really doing our best in keeping everyone up to date with the news, so we appreciate  you understand our position.  @andrew godde, we are so happy to read a comment like yours. we are aware that it is sometimes hard to understand the delay, but we do try our best in making it as short as possible, as well as keep everyone informed about the process. thank you for your understanding! @mavis sa: hello, we have not sent the survey out yet. when you receive it, just type in the address you want the mug to be shipped to.
hello....where can i change my shipping address? i can certainly wait this til may, but im moving to new place this april...
lol all these people panicking over a 3 month delay. i've had one project i've backed come on time. some have taken two years. some are still going. they communicate about once a month which is solid and i'm happy. fortnightly would be a good frequency though if people are antsy. if we hitbthe 12 months overdue i'll start being concerned till then chill hunny bunnies. these look like they are coming. i'm feeling good here. i know your all jittery cause you've had too much coffee hence the desire for the spill proof horn but just try and relax.
@williamlam-thank you so very much.  i am not an experienced backer, and it helps to have a perspective on the situation.  myself, i would appreciate more updates-i'd rather be innundated with emails than be left in the dark for months as you have been.  thank you team goat mug!!!
thanks anze, appreciate it...!
@kristen: we will officially pronounce you our biggest fan :d @siddhesh: thank you for sharing your experience. we will do our best do do so.
@creator,  a request on behalf of all backers, please provide shipping that can be tracked so that each backer can know where his/her shipment is at any given moment. it would be so bad if the shipped item were to get lost when on its way (it has happened to me, so i know). thanks
backers: - no, the survey has not gone out yet. - yes, anze and team are aware of the fakes, yes they are doing their best to handle that situation - yes, you will still receive your mugs, eventually - yes, they will be of great quality, look like the pics above, and be leak-proof - yes, if you pledged for more than one mug you will be able to select the size in your final survey, reminder: no it has not gone out yet - yes you can change your shipping address in the survey - both a leather and non-leather option will be available - yes the final version will have a matte finish
hearing from lots of complains on the delaying on the shipment of the goat mugs, but as a n experienced ks backer, to say it fairly, most of the ks projects have the delaying issue and this one is just far far better. most of the projects (mainly boardgames) i pledged for, they delayed for 3-4 months, and some even for a year or 2, as sometimes it's not due to the company, but many production factors involved make the production and shipping estimation uncertain and unpredictable, hence a delay of 2-3 months should be understandable. most importantly, some creators of the projects just let you know there will be a delay and then disappear for months, leaving backers in a mist of lost and endless waiting. yet in this project, i can see that they are very responsive and at least, from the updates and their prompt responses here they keep me updated of the situation and have a sense of what is going on, the reason for delaying, etc. hence, though knowing that there will be a delay, (truly i think 1-2 months is quite reasonable in view of this is a in production product)  but i am still confident in this project and am pleased with backing it. knowing that this may be the first ks experience for some of the backers here, i am writing this not to offend people, just to hope that from my previous ks experiences, i can let those feeling uncertain to have a sense of what is going on - delays are quite normal in ks projects, as what we backed for are namely an idea, and it's only with our investment fund that they could be put into production. so this is not the same case as pre-ordering, as this is still a product in production, hence delays due to various factors are quite usual. let's have some patience on them, and wait to see the great mug that will soon be delivered to our hands!  :)
@marronj yes, you will be able to write down your latest address in the survey. @julian schuetze yes it will be, more about this will be written in this weeks update. @estrella thank you for your message. this topic has been discussed quite some times now and we're working really hard on solving this issue. we have successfully got rid of a hole lot of fakes already but new ones keep poping up, so our legal department is dealing with those on a daily basis.
hi team! i'm a goat mug backer from china. i just want to tell you that on the chinese shopping website www.taobao.com there are already sellers selling the mugs that look exactly like yours and also using your photos to promote! i think you should spare some time to handle this issue and protect your right and benefit, even if it may be difficult due to language problem and the special situation in my country....(fake products almost everywhere) hope i can receive the perfect mugs soon! best wishes!
@anze "which is going to be the alternative to the leather one."  so, leather will no longer be an option?
hi i saw the schedule have been changed. so suddenly i have a little trouble because i will move to other country in may, but what i wrote for shipping address was where i am leaving now because the earlier timetable expected shipment in march. it it possible to change the shipping address on later survey?
@heather callahan, no survey has been sent out yet, so don't worry about missing out on something.  @rob crosby. dear rob, i believe all the answers to your questions are in the comment under the update 18. hopefully, we managed to explain everything.  @kai lu, don't worry, it is going to be exactly like the one from the video. :)  @lunarose, thank you for the support :)  @alie, the material of the cup itself is not going to change, just the outer material of the holder, which is going to be the alternative to the leather one.
what is the cup made of now instead of ppr?
@rob since you're already counting it as a loss, and a regretful project, i'll be more then willing to take your cups if you don't want them. since you're so sure they're never coming. :)
i am so excited to have backed such a great team that puts so much effort and love into their creations! thank you for keeping us up to date as well! it makes waiting a little easier!
thanks for the new update. i hope that the white you choose is the white pictured in the campaign. i only say that because the white shown is what i bought into. i would not like it if the product came as an eggshell white when the campaign was a titanium white. please stick to what was advertised.
this campaign has turned into a farce.  i've written off ever getting a mug or if one ever does come (apparently now many months late) it might or might not be the same size, shape and made from the materials i actually pledged for. but it's ok, as only people on facebook are updated on what's happening, and only they get to vote on things.  we backers are just the poor saps who fronted the cash to realise a vision for others to enjoy. first campaign i regret backing.
@heather: no surveys have been released yet.
curiously, have surveys for colors gone out yet? i know there have been some delays and stuff but i'm just worried that i never received one. my sister is the same way. we both bought one and still have gotten nothing. i was just curious if they are on there way and i just need to be more patient or if i never got one?
@丁奕薰 due to the delay in production, the shipping is postponed until may, so unfortunately we can not provide the shipping status yet.  @hokaki: i believe your answer is in your inbox.
please could let me know the shipment status as soon as possible.  i look forward to having your reply very shortly .thank you!
@hokaki did you read the comments below? no survey was sent and there's a delay in the production.
dear anze miklavec , referring to the transaction  (19ao7jt7z45qzckh139s9rq6m2jfqzpidi3) made on 3 jan 15 for the goat mug ,this is to inform you that i have received the goods yet. it's already 16 mar today. please could let me know the shipment status as soon as possible. i look forward to having your reply very shortly .thank you! regards, ms ho kaki
@scotty mccartney: the survey has not been sent out yet. we will inform you about the exact date in time.
@william eric: you can see the comparison here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/goat-mug/goat-mug-original-goat-story-crafted-into-a-coffee/posts/1093314
everybody's been talking about the survey, so i just assumed.
obviously not if the items aren't even going to ship till june or whenever
has the survey been sent?
is there a picture of the grande compared to the regular? it's easier to see visually.
okay. so: if you ordered one regular mug, in the final you may choose regular or grande. if you ordered one regular mug, in the final you may only choose grande. if you ordered two (+) regular mugs, in the final you may choose: - two regular mugs - one regular mug and one grande mug - two grade mugs if you ordered two (+) grande mugs, in the final you may only choose two grande mugs. is that clear enough to everyone (and accurate?)
are there seriously still no details for logo sizes, colors etc? pretty much mention everything but the one item that actually affects backers in the sense that time is needed to make something that will work with your product... please don't back us into a corner and give us hours to design something to work within a spec you wasted months in not getting to us....
@matt fernando: since you ordered two regular ones, you will be able to choose the size in the survey :)  @mono+mono: not all of them are the same, the ones you can see in the latest update came straight from the factory but they are not final. we may be uploading the factory photos sometime soon :) thank you for your support! we really appreciate it! @poplarbird, well now we can officially say we rocked at complicating that matter :d we are sorry for all the confusion. let us know when the winter comes, so we can send you some sun as well :)
my programmers brain is getting even confused after reading the comments, so i decided to stay with whatever my original pledge was. it would soon get cold downunder, would i get it before winter comes :p
hi. your prototypes looks very much like the production samples, have you made these in soft tools or? would it be possible to get some photos from the factory - pretty standard for ks production updates? quality first, time second:) looking forward to getting maa-a mug..
is it too late to choose "only grande?"
@dono boyer iii thank you for your support and understanding. we asked everyone to change their reward to grande size reward in case you'd wish to get only grande mugs. this is pure logistics, as we wanted to have all grande mug orders in one place. since a lot of people wanted to combine their order of grande with original, we asked those to stay on the original reward, so they won't get mixed with "only grande ones". hope this clears up all the confusion :)
three seems to be a lot of variables when doing a kickstarter project when the are obscured by the addition of stretch goals and additional options and such.  i feel for the goat story team.  i am a stickler for keeping up to date with the comments and updates that i back.  i found it quite easy to understand how to change pledges to the grande for both my mugs.  aside from this, it must be a turbulent experience for the team including being copyright infringed and blatantly ripped off before their product even hit the shipping boxes.  take out easy fellow backers.  i'm sure anze will take care of us all in the survey.  but as i remembered.  i though you wanted a grande mug, you had to switch to a grande mug pledge.  i didn't think it would be an option if you stayed with a regular mug pledge.  i even have up an early bird pledge to get the grandes.  hopefully we aren't forcing the creators to back peddle too much and put all our pledges in jeopardy.
hold up � when is the survey going out?
thanks for the clarification :)
oh! thanks for the clarification goat team!
hi all just a quick thing we want to clear up as we had a small misunderstanding regarding the few recent questions about choosing the size of the mug in the survey. here it goes: if you backed the original size reward, you will get the survey where you'll be able to choose the size of the mug you'd preffer - that means 'original' or 'grande'. (although during campaign we asked everyone if you'd only like to get one grande mug to please change your reward selection to the grande reward.) the thing which cannot be changed now is if you pledged for the grande size and would now like to change to the original size. because all those orders will only receive the survey with the option for grande size. hope this clears up the confusion and we're really sorry for the misunderstanding. it was pure honest mistake made by us today. sorry for that.
this is disappointing. multiple times you stated that size could be chosen in the survey, regardless of which one i had backed. they cost the same, this only makes sense. if you had sent the survey out earlier you could have gotten an accurate number of orders in regular and grande, i assume the issue at this juncture is that you are ready to make the mugs and can only make x number if grande and x number of regular, you want to make the correct number of orders. this is disappointing, and could have been solved easily by sending an earlier survey. i understand your want for updated information and all, but you messed up.
@kirsten demeter: dear kirsten, thank you for that observation. that is correct. it says that, if you ordered more than one mug and your order contains both regular and grande, there is no need to change. however, at this stage we can not change rewards for those who pledged for just one regular mug. i would very much like to please everyone and let you change your minds as much as you want but there is nothing we can do right now :/ @kian way: if you pledged two, one of which is grande, don't worry, you will receive both.
that's copied straight from your update... so if someone pledged for two mugs and wanted one grande and one regular, they were told not to change their pledge.  the update specifically stated you could upgrade to grande in the final survey....
you pledged on a reward with 1 or more goat mugs with straps and wish to upgrade them all to grande. switch to the $25 reward with a grande goat mug with straps and add another $25 for each grande extra you wish to receive. the shipping fee stays the same as before. no, the hemp edition is not available in grande size. you pledged on a reward with 1 or more goat mugs with straps and wish to upgrade some of them to grande. do nothing – keep your pledge as it is and you will explain your wishes in the survey we will be sending out at the end of campaign.
@creator@ how about if i pledged 2 and u wanted 1 regular size and another one in grande size? do i still need to change the pledge? because if i remembered correctly, before the campain end, you guys mentioned that it's doable to do so.pls confirm
@william eric @yves arseneau hey guys, we see there are a couple of misunderstandings regarding the grande mug, so here it is: those who backed for a grande mug will receive a separate survey in which they will be able to chose the colour.  after including grande mug as an option, we informed all the backers who had wanted to change to just cancel their "regular" reward and place a new one - for the grande.  we are very sorry for all the misunderstandings that may have occurred, but we really had the feeling that we made it clear that changes can not be done after the campaign's end. :/
@terrence cadlaon dear terrance, thank you for your support! as for the surface finish, the final version will have a matte finish.
@brannon moore-goldsmith dear brannon, we are sorry for your eyesight, but, hey, at least we didn't disappoint you :) your funny comment really made our morning and your support is really appreciated. thank you!
hello, and thanks for the schedule update. just an additional question : will the grande cups still be shipped a month after the regular ones or will they be shipped at the same time ?
just a question on this comment...  i thought the grande was going to be an option available to all that backed the kickstart available on the survey, did i miss understand this.. as i backed for 3 mugs and would like to get 3 grande's (one in each color combination) creator anze miklavec 6 days ago @ken buslon kinoshita the 16 oz. goat mug will go to the ones that backed for it.
hello, is the grande goat mug an option in the backer survey, or must you purchase it separately completely. i was an early backer before you added that option. :-/
glad to see the increase in communication. also really appreciate the time and effort that you guys are putting into making the mugs as high-quality as possible. looking forward to getting it as soon as you perfect them! quick question, will the mugs have a matte finish, or be semi-glossy like the ones in the most recent update's picture?
i misread the delivery date to begin with, so i honestly thought it was gonna be in may from the start (probably cause it said mar instead of march and i don't have fantastic vision). maybe i'm more laid back than other backers, cause i usually don't worry about getting the product quickly. i'm used to production usually taking longer than expected on almost everything i back. unless explicitly stated that production is already started, assume that it hasn't. rarely do things happen perfectly the first time through. this is far from disappointing. i'm glad to know that you care a lot about your product quality. and if anyone wants to learn about true kickstarter disappointment, look up those video glasses from 2011. it's a good example of the biggest risk with using kickstarter period.
@noppadol mututanon @steven maier thank you so much for your understand, patience and support. these kind of comments keep us going every day :) thank you!
@zan h dear zan, thank you for your concerns, it means a lot to us that people get involved with our story. we have written quite a lot on the matter of communication in the past week as we are trying really hard to work on that, as well as on the final product being created. also the topic of fake mugs being sold has been discussed several times before. and as we wrote in the past, we are fighting towards those scams a lot, but there's only some things which we can do. for the rest, we're hoping that people will be informed enough to realise that those are only fakes. regardless, we thank you for your support!
@ray davis-bennett dear ray, we're sorry to have given you a wrong impression that our product is almost done already in the time of campaign. we assumed that the kickstarter community is the kind that understands that backing a kickstarter project is also helping someone kick start their business, meaning you jump on board of the creation of this new journey we're stepping in. we've said it before and we'll say it again, we are beyond grateful for all the support you guys have given us in the time of the campaign and fell hounred that you guys believed in us and thus helped to start our journey by backing our project. for this support we promised you the first creations of goat mugs and we are going to keep this promise. hopefully the wait will be over soon. thank you for your patience and understanding.
hey anze, please understand the need for communication. we don't expect you be here 24/7 but at least when legitimate concerns are brought to light, please respond (like the fakes issue). i backed another campaign here in ks where the creator was very involved during funding. as soon as it ends he went silent. i've still to receive the product and the campaign looks likely to be a scam. don't take too long to make an update. i've read here that you made some updates on fb when the funding was done here in ks. it's unfair for the the people who actually backed you  and those who don't use fb. that said, it's disappointing to find out that the product will be made in china. i'm concerned not just because of the quality but the ensuing problems that come with it (delays, fakes etc.)
ridiculous project that someone paid but need to wait so fucking long
http://m.beecrazy.hk/en#deals/unique-horn-shape-coffee-mug-with-holder ？？？？？？？
thanks for the update!! to bad about the delay, but if it makes sure the final product is of the highest quality, then all will be worth it! rather spend a little more time on perfecting the product, instead of rushing out an inferior product! keep cracking on and keep your spirits up!
it was a big wrong decision to produce the mugs in china.  you didn't understand the chinese.
i just got update moment ago , i completely understand circumstance about delay, so as long your guy periodically update us about progress i'm fine with a few month delay (give us an weekly update will be good) :d i know that both of backer and creator don't want to get defect or unfinished product so creator work hard to make it perfect as much as possible even it make a bit delay, so bare with it. --> to frustrated backer ,before you comment anything please at least try to scroll down a bit or go to update section to read an update. you question maybe already answer hope to hear from your guy soon. ' v ')b
i regret backing this now. the communication has been non description and as far as i can tell you haven't even got a working prototype.  and yet we were told we would have had them by now.  surely you must have costed and done deals with manufacturer's to know how much you needed to raise on kick starter. it seems you waited for the money to come then started work on the project. when i helped fund this i was under the impression alot more had been done. it seems it was little more than a concept.
@aidil goh thank you sooo much, it means a lot! @steven maier thank you for helping us with the communication :)  @garylo working on getting rid of those. @jeff breazeal, @zed, @jessica yesin, @melani velasquez, @amy peavy thank you for believing in us, update is coming today. @thomas kim thanks!!
i don't care about them fakes. i care about anze and the gang making it to the finishing line.
@zed, please take the time to scroll through the some of the comments before you post something to prevent unnecassary clutter... the creator posted a rather large comment explaining a lot of things only a few days ago...
what the heck happened to this project? update please.
goat mugs are selling online at beecrazy hong kong and yahoo hong kong.  the price is around usd20.36 only.  if they are patented products, it is unfair to the backers.  if they are fake products, take action please. http://www.beecrazy.hk/en/deals/unique-horn-shape-coffee-mug-with-holder https://hk.deals.yahoo.com/hong-kong/offer/233227…
http://www.aliexpress.com/item/2015-original-and-creative-cup-goat-horn-coffee-cup-mug-gift-stainless-steel-heat-preservation-vacuum/32290753544.html china fake... products are selling online...
hear!!! hear!!!! absolutely agree with others who have commented on lack of communications!  i understand ks is an investment in innovation and carries risk, regardless, get off your arse and make official updates as needed and a hell of a lot more often than you have...hiding does not become you or impart respect to those who have invested and believe in you and the team. look forward to see what you come up with for a final deliverable.  i'll decide then if i order more off the website. cheers & good luck!
it's been so long, that i totally forgot i had backed this...!!!  well, everything can't be perfect, but i sure hope this mug is :) hopeful for an update!
i definitely think that the may/june expected date should have been in an official update, that is something that would be important for all backers to know that don't often check back on the website, and also the reason behind the extended date could be further explained, two months longer for what purpose?
this has been the most disappointing campaign i've been involved in so far. i've gotten far more email than other campaigns, and yet i was not clear about the delays. i would have appreciated less communication overall, but more information in it. i do not feel confident that the delays were understandable or warranted. i will be more cautious in the future investing in campaigns because of this experience.
in reading through the comments i've learned a lot.  it would be great to see more updates from you though.  the moving of the delivery date deserves an update just by itself.  :) i love stainless steel, i hope you're able to keep it in the plans, i imagine i will use it even more then :d
'may or june' sounds a bit hard to take in but if that's the best of what you guys can do, i guess i have no other choice but to understand. keep it up with both the production and communication, because backers are eager to know about the current state of production as much as possible. ah, the final product better be awesome ;p cheers!
@anze sorry i meant "it's appreciated" not appropriated.. autocorrect mistake:)
@ab yes it is appropriate, we're doing our best to keep everyone informed. @grzegorz harasimowicz currently the delivery dates are postponed to may and june. @lion huang please order on the webpage and let us know about it in the coments (please provide your kickstarter order number) @amanda allen a new update is coming in a few days. thank you for your suggestion. @eddie lau thanks for letting us know.
@anze miklavec hi anze, found someone selling the goat mug here in hk in group purchase. they copied the exact same design and colour. and their delivery date is early apr. http://m.beecrazy.hk/en#deals/unique-horn-shape-coffee-mug-with-holder
@anze miklavec really appreciate the update - maybe you should copy this comment as an actual update and email so everyone will see it. i had no idea there was a delay until i came here to see if there had been any communication. please, while you're looking at production, take some photos for us! we'd all love some more "hands-on" updates and real talk about the process.
hi, i want to know how to "additional pre-orders without extra shipping costs" , just pre-order on the website right now? thx
so, when we gonna get mugs?
@anze thanks for the update and for responding to backers' questions. i know it takes out of your time but i want you to know it's appropriated!
@paul lonergan thank you. @little kim the survey was not sent out yet. @ken buslon kinoshita the 16 oz. goat mug will go to the ones that backed for it.
will all the backers get 16 oz goat mug?
will there be a survey for choosing the quantity and colour of the mug? or it has been sent out already and i missed it?
the chinese seller on amazon.com have been removed, but looks like they are hitting up other sites. people should flag this to the sites they find them on as well as to the goat mug team.
@caroline we do not have a stainless steel lining in plan for now. but the goat mug is primarily made for hot beverages and will be suitable to carry your drink with you either warm or cold, all food-contact-approved and bpa free. that was the initial condition and first thing that we got under control. no worries over there needed.
@inara your words are really kind, i appreciate it.
thanks for the update! one question: will the goat mug have a stainless steel lining?
aw, man! don't let the fakers get to you. you will have the superior product and i'm more than happy to wait a bit longer to get something amazing! i'd much rather have a product that meets your highest quality standards and took a bit longer to develop than to demand you rush the mugs out and have them leak, break, or just be poor quality over all. in fact, i think i'll go pre-order 3 or 4 more so i can gift more of them to my friends and family. fight the good fight!
@steven i guess i deserved some harsh words :) my initial strategy was to make everything perfect and then let you know about it, but obvioulsy this wasn't the best idea. so from now on, i'll do better with regular updates and comments. thanks for your support!
@ anze, thanks for the long awaited response from the goat team concerning all that has been going on! sorry for my harsh words these past days, but no response from your side was asking for some harsh critisism. hope you take all the comments from your backers to heart from now on, and keep in touch when required. we as backers know that you are all working your butts of in trying to make the goat mug the best it can be. all we ask for is that you share this hard work with us more often, and help to alleviate any stress that we as backers might have. anyway, keep up the hard work and hopefully all will come together in the way you guys need it to be!
@anze again, thank you. you rock and i am very excited for the cups to come.
@ethan hi, thanks for your reply. the whole team is very much alive and kicking and developing and programing and designing and much much more. as promised i'll do my best to give you more updates from now on.
@anze thank you. personally all i wanted was an update to say that you are still alive an working on it. it is a bummer that production is being pushed back a little, but i would like to have a nice quality cup. so i understand. again, thank you for the update :)
hello dear backers, i'm sorry we're getting back to you with such a delay. there are a lot of things we're trying to process at the moment and i'll try to answer all or most of your questions: 1. thank you to everyone for your patience. i wanted to give you my word once again that our team of 15 people is working on this project daily and trying really hard to keep in mind every little detail. we are young, but experienced team and i really hope you guys would continue believing in us and the fact that we're working our ass of for this project to succeed. 2. as for the copies, i don't really have any words. i was completely shocked by the fact of the number of copies that occured on the market. i was also very positively surprised by the fact how many of you steped in and helped us understand this situation and also helped us with giving bad rates and reviews to all fakes out there. we are also fithing the situation on the legal side of all. 3. i saw that one friendly backer (glory goh) tried to explain the situation with chinese copies and also wrote about how they’re getting bad reviews. thank you so much for this glory, i appreciate your encouraging words. as you may see, a project and product like this require a lot of hard work, a lot of testing and a lot of corrections. we had our files finished even before starting the kickstarter campaigin and were sure that the production will be very smooth but it looks that we were wrong. you cannot even imagine how much works and details it requires. everything from the perfect finish of the mugs (backer by the name ray asked about the finish of the mugs - we’re trying to make them more matte not so shiny, cos we prefer that look), to mugs being leak proof (this is our biggest challenge and we won’t stop correcting the molds until the product is perfect) and also making final decisions on the materials (a lot of you are asking for real leather, but there’s also a lot of you who prefer the faux/vegan version so we are trying to find a way to offer something for both of you, becuase we honestly want everyone to be happy). the last thing i want is you guys to get the product soon but then don’t be satisfied with how it looks or functions. you have my word on this. 4. again, we are a team of 15 people and not everyone is standing behind the production line and waiting for the perfect goat mug to pop out. therefore we are also working on other details such as choosing a perfect bag, designing a nice t-shirt, working on a new webpage, thinking of the whole community of coffee lovers that are gathered here on this campaign. this is also the reason why we’re sharing more other things with you on other social media. 5.i am personally going to visit the production site next week to see it by myself how the progress is going, to talk with people there and to discuss everything. also i’m having a bunch of meeting with logistic companies who are providing me with shipping offers and services. we also need to finalise the assembling part - we want each of the 10,617 packages to be done right. beacause, like i said it so many times before, i want you to have the perfect goat story experience. 6. honestly, i cannot give you the exact date of the survey yet. i first want to see the final final version of the holders, so i know what exactly i can offer you in the survey. and i also want to be able to give you more exact shipping date when i send out the survey. at the moment it looks to me like we will be able to ship out the original sized goat mugs in may and the grande sized mugs in june. but please please please leave room for any adjustments of the dates. i was a backer for many kickstarter projects myself and i understand that majority of the projects has delays in delivery days, because we are all doing big things with a number of potential problems that just don’t want to disapear. but i also think that all kickstarter creators want their products to be perfect and that is why it takes so much time. 7. last but not least, i want to thank each and every one of you who is sending me your kind and supporting words. this means a lot to me and to my team. we’re thinking of all of you every day, every minute, on every step. really. i will do my best to answer your questions more frequently from now on. i’m sorry that some of you feel like i don’t communicate enough with you, but i took this seriously now and will really come here daily and answer all your questions. i hope you guys are having a great year so far. for me it has definitely been the busiest and craziest time of my life, but i feel energised and packed with positive thoughts to continue making this the best lifetime experience and to fulfill your expectations. best, anze
on march 2, on their facebook they comment on someone's post that they will release an update this week. i really hope it is a worth while update. they say there will be a surprise in their survey, i'm hoping its free over night shipping. also, as far as a refund goes, you're s.o.l. to put politely. ks is a risk vs. rewards site. your reward is not guaranteed.  anze has logged in on the 2nd, and yesterday, and goat story posted a blog post on facebook half an hour ago. (as of 7:40 mdt) we would really like an update here. please. the knock offs are disheartening, along with the lack of updates.  thank you all for helping give the amazon fake a one star review, and thank you for marking the reviews as helpful.  i would never want to support someone that stole such an awesome idea. but if they ever came out with the 16oz version, i would kinda consider it :/ what is the news?
if you payed by credit card, or paypal, you could request a refund if they have a 'delivery warrenty'. for example, visa offers an insurence that you get your money back when the product is not delivered... don't quite know how that works in the case of a ks, but could be an option for those trying to get a refund. however, to many people on here still see ks as an online shop, and don't understand that they are investing in something that is still under development. you don't go asking for a refund from your stock broker if the shares devaluate, are you? that said, i've backed multiple ks before, but this is by far the worst with regard to proper updates or comments from the creator. they choose to ignore the people who provided the money for their product to be developed. in my eyes this is extremely unprofessional and incompetent. the goat team needs to rethink their marketing strategies and follow some courses with regard to customer service asap!!
there comes a time when we must take our punches, lick our wounds, and move forward. @chris...no refunds if the seller doesn't deliver.
what should i do/who should i contact if i wanted a refund?
update~~update~~update~~update~~
it would be nice to have an update with more definitive dates... it seems the many backers are becoming very discontented with the vague comments and "updates". it's slightly irritating and we all deserve answers since its our money that funded this amazing kickstarter project. thank you for your time, and looking forward to a more detailed update.
please restore faith in your backers. please give updates to let us know.
sorry to hear that the design was stolen, hopefully you can get your product out sooner rather than later and have it be quality. i think i speak for majority of backers when i ask that there be more updates on here, we're all looking forward to the goat mug and we want to stay informed on anything.
regarding the mug itself. i think it's time the creators come on here and give a proper update... not the whole 'exciting things coming soon' / 'hang in there' this project has made 18 times its original target, even with the screw up with that company apparently taking a month off these should be something in the lines to counteract thing. people are obviously getting annoyed when funding a project like this and it seems to be getting pushed back continuously.  everything seems to be getting drawn out longer and longer.. surveys being sent soon.. maybe later... oh no now not anytime soon!! now its all this strap & pouch questions. this is more something i thought would have been done a long time ago. your last login shows march 2nd.. ie today .. you could at least have the company courtesy to give people a proper update on this project seeing as its been 3 weeks since the last! https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/goat-mug/goat-mug-original-goat-story-crafted-into-a-coffee/creator_bio
i reported the chinese seller on the: http://www.amazon.com/topsell-10-ounce-fashion-stainless-black-keep/dp/b00t9lvl3g/ref=sr_1_9… i would encourage everyone to do the same and post one star reviews advising people to not buy this. they have forwarded the complaint on to their seller performance team who will block them from selling on amazon as soon as they see the fakes and the real page which i linked them here.
i just have one pressing question... which parts of the mug will be manufactured where? with all of these fakes popping up everywhere, i'm starting to fear for the quality of the product we'll get. i'd hate to have pledged for mugs made of cheap plastic in a chinese sweatshop with no steel lining to protect the plastic from the hot beverage/vice versa. an update concerning the production process and the issues with plagiarism would be nice... and much more useful than daily coffee memes, t-shirt designs and links to websites advertising your product.
i read through their facebook page they say they expect a shipping date of april. so maybe get the survey in march and shipping throughout april.
@anze looks like it is on amazon now too. http://www.amazon.com/topsell-10-ounce-fashion-stainless-white-keep/dp/b00t9lvjr4/ref=sr_1_13…
@creator    i know you just log in today.please respond to backers what will you do.
this is ridiculous.
anyone receive the survey?
check this out, scroll to  the bottom, there's a comparison of the "real" and fake mugs! creator, please tell us they are both fakes! http://detail.tmall.com/item.htm…
i am a backer who lives in china and have researched the taobao fakes a little.  the thing is, the quality of what is on taobao is inferior. i believe what the creator said about the factories closing for a month. this is normal here. the reason the mugs are available in china is because they were manufactured before closing for the new year. that means the products did not go through stringent quality testing and inferior/alternative materials were used, which ever was easy and quick. they had to rush out the goat mugs because it's the year of the goat! the chinese manufacturer probably thought it was great timing and a great opportunity.  the buyers on taobao are complaining about leakage and inferior quality and finish. i am hoping that our creator will test the product carefully to deliver what they promised. i don't mind waiting for that. as for copyrights and wanting to take the fakes down....look at this: http://dashorn.com/ so our dear goat mug is not the first of its kind anyway. true, the no-leak lid is a huge plus, but design wise, it's not a first. i think most backers are understanding, as long as what we get in the end lives up to the descriptions. but communication is important, so, some updates would be most appreciated!
i have a few questions: the survey was sent ? when it is assumed that the product arrives ? there are different waiting time according countries? i would like to see pictures of product manufactured and more updates for me personally i expect a quality product , i will not enter the war of chinese products . that is quite a greeting from spain
i want to believe wholeheartedly that these projects go towards realizing the dreams of many genuine people with a simple dream.  it's raw deals like whats happening to goat story that makes me somewhat feel suspicion that could some of these really amazing and well put together kickstarts possibly be marketing schemes set up and paid by chinese manufacturers.  hiring young up beat individuals to "create" amazing innovative designs and market them to the more than generous backer communities?  was this goat mug product already created and produced by a chinese manufacturer and then brain stormed on how to push their appeal by using hip foreign kids to sell them?  i am not ever too sure.  one thing i can say is that when creator/backer communication is at an all time peak weeks before project ending and then slumps down to a smidget immediately afterwards.  it certainly scares those backers who were invested in it.  it may or may not be the case that goat story is such a ploy.  these may be actual start ups trying to make a nice product.  however the lack of communication should be addressed by the kickstarter incorporation under their terms of project agreements.  maybe even if it were purposed a simple official kiackstarter monthly update until completion of backer fulfillment.  any who i like the cups and the idea behind it.  hopefully they have become silent (mostly) due to legal issues or what not.   we shall see.
i'm in agreement with other backers that i'd like updates here. mostly i'd like them to confirm here, for the backers, that the mugs are shipping out in april as stated by one post on the facebook page: "hey! we are fighting the knock-offs as hard as we can, we protected our designs in the us, eu as well as china. we are trying to get the fakes removed from all the websites, but you can imagine that's not the easiest thing to do. we expect to send out the mugs in april 2015." this post was made feb 24th. goat team, can you confirm for us? and maybe post more here?
@ab a lot of it is on their facebook. in a comment left by a backer, they replied that they are working on having those fake mugs taken down, and also they are trying to move productions. i can't find where they said the chinese manufacture was taking month off. but this was right before the fakes started coming out.  the lack of communication is frustrating to me. another project i backed is doing the same thing.  i really wish they would do weekly updates, or every other week. even if its "hey, we're still alive."
i'm so glad that this isn't the first kickstarter that i have backed, otherwise it would have left a poor taste in my mouth and, going forward, i may have hesitated to back other projects. i don't use facebook, and i don't have any plans on starting. my interest in the goat mug facebook page was piqued after reading a comment about an update on the goat mug t-shirt design. i do not understand why the creators would be posting updates in several locations but almost no updates here on kickstarter, where they received their funding. it seems like horrible bad judgment, which unfortunately i fear will become the theme for this project. i had high hopes for this, and even backed for the "kickstarter" edition mug. i'm estimating that the poor section making and even poorer communication will result in all of us getting our mugs sometime late june or july, and that most of us will have to deal with errors in our orders.
@ethan peterson that's disheartening indeed . i'd be mad if i were them. but where did learn of this? it wasn't clear to me from the team communications.  i guess the issue to me is more of the lack of updates than of the delay. people want to know why things were delayed in plain language.
will the mugs also be bps free? http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2015/02/150226-bisphenol-s-bpa-plastics-health-science/
@cassie and @alvin the surveys have not been sent out. they will before a little shipping. @vito ng and @ab it is frustrating, and a little disheartening. but the chinese manufacturer really screwed them in the goat. they stole their idea, and then said that they will be taking a month off for chinese new year. yeah, it is a little odd to be taking a month off, but they couldn't really do anything. anzi is trying to move productions to the us and uk where most of the mugs were sold. the knock off on the chinese sites do not belong to goat story or anzi. they were stolen, and even stole the video and pictures. irritating, yes. but the goat team really had no idea it would happen. they learned their lesson and will be working on fixing it if they do other projects. i bet they are as upset by it as we are.
@vitong i hear ya. i pledged based on the team promise that "we will be shipping out products already in second half of february. "  we still have not even done the surveys!
hey, we can find your design from "taobao china" and buy it(us$17), but i still cannot got the mug from you. http://item.taobao.com/item.htm…
anyone get the surveys???
almost two months after the project has successfully funded, still got not survey or anything....
almost two months after the project has successfully founded, still got not survey or anything....
what is the status on this????
i'm not sure what more secret leaks could be available to the chinese after the molds have been stolen. that is really the entire design.
maybe one of the reasons that it has been so quiet on the development front, could be that the goat team doesn't want to leak any info that might be stolen by the chinese copycats... that doesn't absolve the creator from posting a comment here on where they are at, what they are planning and how it is going... but as it seems, all of the advise and critisism here falls on deaf ears... still exicted for this product, but it gives a bad vibe when the creators don't respond to their backers whatsoever...
hi, i want to know how to "additional pre-orders without extra shipping costs" , just pre-order on the website right now? thx
eight out of ten businesses fail . goat team if i were you i would read this article and reevaluate your priorities. www.forbes.com/sites/ericwagner/2013/09/12/five-reasons-8-out-of-10-businesses-fail/ i still am excited at the thought of this project but also i am very worried amd so should you
i would be able to "calm my goats" if the latest update on fb wasn't about the designing of a goat mug tshirt..... and the update before that was about a tv show premiere.... can we get any update on what's going on? i'd like to think that everyone is working hard on finalizing this product, but when all we get are posts about tv shows, t shirts, and coffee memes...it makes me feel like priorities are skewed.
just about any producer that's not an asian sweatshop would be cool.
i have to admit, i am completely beside myself with the lack of communication. you have a major issue with stolen design, cheaper knockoff, immediate availability, and the best you can do is 11 days since the last update? unbelievable! give us a solid ship date or give us our money back.
linen bag and real leather strap for my pledge please! also if i can get mine from a us based producer, that would be better :)
everyone needs to calm their goats.  who cares if some knock-off is being sold?  you all paid for the real thing, chill out and wait for it to come.  you knew when you paid for the kickstarter you weren't getting it overnight.  there are knock-offs of just about everything on the internet... why would this be any different?  goat mug is not even the first cup to be shaped like a horn, it's just the one we all decided to purchase because of the awesome kickstarter page we happened upon and the nice added features.  calm down, your mug will get to you when it gets to you.  if you don't want to wait, buy a knock-off.  you've had that option from day one.
thanks, ethan!
siddhesh, the surveys will be sent out a little before the cups are shipped.
anyone get the surveys???
in the video the coffee barista is pouring milk or cream in a stainless container and pouring it into the goat mug.  hope this project fulfils regardless of any of the current situations!
hi! i already asked this but since it's been a while i would like to know, when will the mug be arriving to chile? my brother's birthday is in march, the 7th to be exact, but i can give it to him later, however, i wish it didn't arrive too late. i know it's a long trip and if there's nothing it can be done i understand.   thanks very much :)
question - will the mug we receive have a stainless steel lining? it might insulate better than plastic only. :) it's unfortunate that copies are already available in china... i hope goat mug's association with china will be minimal, i would hate for this to be made in sweatshops.
hi, i just wondering when can  i receive the mug. it has been 3 weeks after you said the survey will go processing.....
i for one want real leather everything on my mug and for the straps. i backed this project with the intent of having real leather. the add ons are nice and all, but just focus on giving us backers what we want and you can release other options later down the road after we've gotten our mugs.
the chinese knock-off is quite disheartening. cheaper, better design, and available now. sorry, but this project is starting to blow goats.
i had the exact same question ray- hope we get clarification- much prefer matte.
question!! the knockoff look very shiny. from the pictures the mugs have a shiny plastic finish. but from the promo pics and the video the mugs look much more matte look. anze can you clarify what the mugs are really
how does everyone think the marsala will look as it ages? aging was a factor i didn't take into consideration so i would like to know before i make my final decision.
hi again everyone! checking back to explain some of the things that need explaining. as far as the production goes – we are trying to get a part of the production into the us and eu but we also have partners in china that are going to get some part in it. we protected our designs in the us and eu as well as in china and we are doing our best to fight those webpages that are selling knock-offs and i cannot emphasize enough that those are not our mugs, those are fake. you know what they say ... "imitation is the highest form of flattery." and another thing that needs explaining – the faux leather straps are just another option for you to choose from, they are by no means a substitute for the leather straps. hope that clears up a couple of things. wish you all a nice day!
taobao is the domestic retail site in china it was one of the first started. aliexpress is the international site of alibaba. alibaba is the international wholesale site. tao and express sell knockoffs of anything you want. basically, anyone who works with chinese manufacturers will order 10,000 units get charged for 20,000 so the manufacturer can sell fakes. it looks like the mold has been copied or just flat out stolen. it also looks like a nighttime manufacturer like one that is closed during the day and open at night so the works can make fakes. i would think they employed a better manufacturer because that production floor is a sweatshop
there're a few suppliers at the taobao.com site. but generally two type of goat mug were sold there. one with the better quality (pack inside a white box) as compare to the one come with a more flimsy box (no stainless steel inner lining and soft stitched up holder). the so called original version closer to the one we pledge here, except that it has inner 304 grade stainless steel lining which the seller claim it has 6 hours or below temperature insulation.  4. this seller (brand: micro a) has more detailed close up photo and cheaper too, 128 chinese yuan. it comes with 230ml capacity. 33 units sold by this supplier. http://item.taobao.com/item.htm… still hoping to hear from the goat team soon.
and about the prices on the chinese sites, the symbol for the chinese yuan and the japanese yen are pretty much the same, but the value is completely different. chinese value on the mentioned sites is around $25 - $30...
@josh that one seems to be very expensive ($70) and doesn't seem to ship to my country... i sometimes order stuff from aliexpress, and have never seen that they didn't ship items to my country... might be that thing about chinese legislation i was talking about, that when they sell the copy in china, it's within chinese law, but once they start selling outside of china, then it might be outside chinese law and into our legislation...
another china seller http://m.aliexpress.com/item/32280031034.html now would be a great time to hear from the creators...what's going on?!
i hate to be the one to do this to the creators, but.... i told you so!! seems like the mood here has shifted entirely, because of the absence of a small comment here or there from the creators to diffuse the situation... people start rioting when they don't get informed... if the creators only took the time to look at these comments below and provide a reaction, a lot of the frustration could be taken away... it is so simple and effective, and still the creators are totally silent... total and utter misunderstanding of proper ways of handling customers... and don't bring up the 'they are just starting out, everybody has to learn' excuse... responding to your customers in a proper way is just common sense! about the chinese knock-offs... that's very unfortunate for us, because we payed more then 10 times the cost, and we have to wait even longer. people making the comment that goat should protect their copyright don't quite know how it goes with chinese production... it is nowhere near as easy or as clear as we generally think! chinese copyright legislation doesn't fully recognize international copyright legislations, even in this day and age... this means that the manufacturer producing these copies might be acting under a different type of legislation then we are used to, meaning that under chinese legislation, he might not be breaking any laws. but i hope that with this latest revelation, the creators will finally leave a few comments here to let us know what they are planning to do...
while i am not in a rush, i was still displeased to hear that the justification for production being behind schedule is that "your partners in china went on a one month vacation"? that's a bit outlandish a time frame especially when this is a business you are conducting. i don't agree with other commenters who think it's only fair to excuse kickstarter campaigns for being months behind. kickstarter provides an opportunity for entrepreneurs much like private investors or banks. when deadlines are made and people agree to fund your project, it is expected that deadlines are met. to throw the manufacturs under the bus for going on a month long vacation is asking for a little too much naivety from kickstarter considering a clear business plan should have already been constructed. if you could not rely on your manufacturing process to meet your deadline this was a partnershp that should not have been made; an entirely preventable mistake.
this is a gigantic setback, and i understand this (the chinese company stealing your design) will probably set back production by months. this is an understandable, if very frustrating thing to happen. please please keep us fully updated. i would rather hear "contacted the fake company twice, no reply yet" than silence, or even worse a general "we have taken steps to solve this issue" which is generalizing bullshit. http://item.taobao.com/item.htm… this page has many photographs of //boxes and boxes// of goat mugs, goat mugs lined up on a table, goat mugs in the hands of children. please sole this issue. it is frustrating that they get their product before we do. we payed for this. @sherri i personally always thought that that was just a different mug, a general non-goat mug, but i could be wrong.
i'm curious about the stainless steel interior- about 7 seconds in on the ks video for our goat mug there appears to be a stainless lined goat mug- did anyone else notice that??? i wondered about that when i first saw the video but then dismissed it. now i'm wondering if anze had an early prototype with stainless lining.
fake one has stainless steel inner and  genuine leather holder... almost like goat mug 2.0...another ks project stolen by its own chinese manufacturer.
@karen eyt, the currency is chinese yuan. you can say this site is a china version of amazon & ebay, run by alibaba group.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/taobao
@jouwen thank you for posting the different links. i'm a little curious now because the writing is in japanese and ¥268 is basically $2.64, give or take, dollar for dollar. if it's in japan i'm wondering if goat story is selling it there or if the website is selling knockoffs from china. having an official word from the company would be comforting right about now.
it is intensly troubling that your product is already being sold, but not to us. you need to have a frank talk with the company making your product. so the molds are "not ready" but are already being sold. that shit is fucked up, and i am so sorry to you, because your hard work is being raken by cheap thieves. not only are they selling your product, they are using your own promotional images. watch your back.
oh my gosh!!! you guy's idea and goat cup are already stolen in china. you could go to www.taobao.com where are lots of goat cups and really cheap. you have to protect your patent and fight with the fakers.
wow i can't believe the manufacturer is already selling out the mug. what is with the metal lining is that one of the issues they are having to reduce problems with the plastic. looks like the molds are fine maybe the issue is the manufacturer is selling the mug from under them. from the pictures on taobao it looks like they are ready to fulfill all orders. looks good but how can they ensure it is bpa free and not cut with other plastic since it has been shown the manufacturer cannot be trusted.
@ jouwen maybe you're right and it has just been building up. a bit of extra attention from anze for the next two weeks to diffuse the acute frustration may be called for.
@ jean-christophe ghazal, you have your point there, on the frequency of the communication. but we were only told about the latest update after some requesting posts. before that, there's no news about the production update at all, for the past one month. i think they should have their survey out much earlier, in order to know the version of mugs (size, colour etc) they have to produce. i don't know about manufacturing processes, but my guess is that from the survey, only they can know what could be underlying issue with the production (raw materials supply, costs to product certain versions, machine/man power capacity, production timeline etc) and will be able to get it sorted out faster.
@jouwen i understand but i find the expectation of communication from backers to be extremely high and i do not understand the reason. it is inefficient and useless to update more than every two weeks (which anze has delivered). his last update essentially tells us it will be late. why would they send out a survey so early? it won't change anything considering the stage they are at (as per last update). we are pissing in our own playpen for no reason.
@ jean-christophe ghazal, from the posts that i have been reading, backers are frustrated mainly not due to the delay, it's the lacking of communication. we don't even know what's going on after the deadline. no survey, no update on the production.  i do think many backers here can understand to accommodate if the goat team ran into some issue that might cause some delay, so as long we are well informed and there's no cutting corners of the product as shown.
i have struggled before sending this message out as i don't know what will be the following episodes from my message but i decided to do so as i only wish anze and his team will keep their pressure on their china counterpart to fulfill our pledges and deliver our quality products as what we had pledge in no time. another major issue with contract manufacturing in china if one is not careful: patent and copy right infringement. i don't know if this is just a imitation due to the huge success of this project, or is the appointed factory is the culprit behind this counterfeit, either way it's bad news to backers. check this out. 1. tao bao website that shows few supplier is already selling the "goat mug". http://s.taobao.com/search… 2. this supplier has sold 25 mugs with 22 positive feedback since 2nd feb 2015. these were sold at rmb 208 only. it comes with inner stainless steel. actual photos from here and their own is also shown in the page. http://item.taobao.com/item.htm… 3. another "goat mug" with inner 304 grade stainless steel, at a cheaper price of rmb 188. they even showing photo comparison of their so called "genuine" version vs the "imitation". http://item.taobao.com/item.htm… i don't know what's happening now. anze and his goat team is telling us that china factory is sending them the samples to choose from and the mold for the mug is not completed, yet in china you can found similar quality looking goat mug are actually selling, with inner stainless steel at a much cheaper price. again, my message to the goat team is: please keep to your words and deliver as what we have pledged, with no short-charging in terms of quality, asap.
guys, i have been screwed on kickstarter before so i understand when backers get frustrated. however, i think people are swinging toward (read: way past) over-aggression. we are not shareholders. we did not give them a huge sum of money individually. we liked their idea and we decided to pay money now to have their product later. they have the right to make modifications to the original plan within reason. this is the fun part of ks and the intensity of frustration is not really justified imo (unlike matchstick). it's early in february. the product will likely be delayed by at least 3 months. it's part of the process. the mistake is not assuming that every project will be 3-12 months late. let's get over it.
please stick to jute and real leather. it was what we backed for in the first place.
leather and linen - just like the stevie nicks song ;)
i'm sensing some frustration from your backers including myself. you have far surpassed your goal that you intended for and yet your investors are still waiting on any type of return. seems like we will have to continue the waiting game unless there is a way to get your money back. not sure i was aware of the whole 'made in china' approach that you were intending to use. had i known, it would have altered my decision.
i'd much rather have real leather. i noticed someone else say it before. it looks better as it ages. plus, fake leather just doesn't have the same feel. i also like the jute bags. they look better in my opinion.
is there a way to get my money back?  i feel like this project is just gonna drag out for years to come, and will probably never be fulfilled.  you asked for $25,000......funded at $458,000.......you should have enough money to produce the product and use "real" leather as was promised from the start.  and who care about the packaging.....save that for when you sell to the public, the backer just want what they paid for in the time frame indicated.
i feel as though the main idea here is that people want what was originally advertised. i'm thankful that you gave us stretch goals, and plan on getting a marsala colored mug, however many of the other backers want exactly what they paid for. nothing more, nothing less.
don't change your mind... first idea is the best: real leather and jute you said, real leather and jute it would be!...
after scrolling a little i found an update from the creator anze saying we should use facebook and twitter to get updates.  absolute rubbish.  how about you update us, your backers, here.  and its not spam, it's keeping us informed about our investment which is now going to be running well past original planned delivery.  courtesy anze. i could care less who else you update but how about you update us first then copy paste to fb/twitter etc
i'm with you on that mason. not sure what the got theme actually is ray - i always took the campaign as for a coffee mug shaped like a horn and the goat bit was just spin - little bit tacked on at the end. i personally haven't gotten any "goat theme" at all from this project other then the use of the word goat (a lot).  if we are voting, then i vote real leather and linen.  and i also agree ray that updating us is more important than facebook followers who may not yet have backed for a mug.  how about you let us know, let us vote ,then just publish the results on facebook.  good thing this is a fairly low cost backing as the products seem to be flip flopping all over the place and now that we have funded it, we no longer matter - only facebook followers are the important ones now.  really unimpressed at the moment.
will there be an option for real leather or are we voting? i don't mean to be rude, but i paid with the intent of getting real leather straps.
100%jute. it not only looks better, but fits better with the goat theme. and leather all the way. i did not back this project to get fake leather straps. (after the kickstarter, sell whatever, but we have paid with the assumption of leather) update here. do not update on facebook. or! update on both platforms. literally just a copy>paste. unless you have multiple updates  day, you are not spamming. at all. dont hide behind that defense. the people who told you not to spam gave you bad advice or you are being far too cautious
though one thing, about production in china: i dont  think goat story is a us based company, so asking them to manufacture in the us is a bit too too pushy, imo. not that i like the idea of them being made in china--i don't. but i never assumed they would be made in the usa
note to self.  wen dealing with china.   always plan for golden week.  it happens every year, albeit at a different time each year.  an experience international business should never use this as an excuse.   i am sure they don't see it as "sad".... just sayin'.
i probably can understand the lack of updates on the product development. it's not easy to deal with a manufacturer that is located on the other side of the globe where you can't be physically present to follow up on every details. furthermore, it's a china manufacturing plant. not being prejudice here but many not so good experience when making orders from china by my previous companies, suppliers. the product quality, consistency, timeliness are always a challenge. (big surprise, manufacturing in china?!)        nonetheless, i wish to get the updates, good or bad, in a timely manner. in fact, to my surprise the way the survey was conducted on where to post updates, what carrying bag to use, leather or not (i was lead to believe it is genuine leather like other backers) for straps was not properly done, as some backers have pointed out here. communication still lacking, insufficient & rather unorganised despite the effort done. i know you could do it better.  i also can't understand why still have so much last minute changes and the most important the survey still hasn't being sent more than a month since the project was funded, hugely. actually you can ask those options in the survey and get to the final decision.  i don't know how you are going to fulfill your delivery schedule to all backers  when you don't have the quantity of mug in original/grande size, colour, sleeve colour, including the straps they need to produce? didn't aware in another 2 weeks time is the chinese new year celebration with long holiday in china which means no production until march? i really want this project to be successful. please keep to your promise and we want to receive the good quality finished products in a timely manner. thanks.
100%jute. it not only looks better, but fits better with the goat theme. and leather all the way. i did not back this project to get fake leather straps. (after the kickstarter, sell whatever, but we have paid with the assumption of leather) update here. do not update on facebook. or! update on both platforms. literally just a copy>paste. unless you have multiple updates  day, you are not spamming. at all. dont hide behind that defense. the people who told you not to spam gave you bad advice or you are being far too cautious
update 17 made it sound like faux leather strap would be an option however if you are choosing one or the other i would expect leather as originally specified. i also believe the jute bag looks alot better.
from information of video, it is leather for holder and straps. i do back this project based on your design and "materials". you should keep your words to ship out those products you showed on video. after then, you can sell anything you want. in other words, i am also surprised it is made in china. if i realize it, i may need to think twice and more. anyway, honest is the most thing in business. pls don't let us down on you and kickstarter.
i also want the straps in leather and no other material ! if you decide to change the material, i am not any longer interested in this project ! sorry, cheers gerhard
thank you for the email that i received this morning. i'm not into facebook so i was unaware that updates and questions were being posted there. the email didn't mention how to reply so i'm going to leave our thoughts here. we like the jute pouch for packaging because it is very fitting, however, as far as being able to reuse the pouch goes we prefer the linen. our concern with the jute is whether it would scratch the mug, in which case we definitely do not want the jute. the video and the details of the project posted on kickstarter lead us to believe that the strap was genuine leather, not a substitute or synthetic. we have no interest in anything less than real leather. a final thought is that the email mentioned that the products are being manufactured in china, which up until today we were completely unaware of. we do not support products manufactured there, in large part due to severe lack of quality issues, etc. and we usually do not purchase products made in china. we're sure that goat story will not put out anything less than perfect, but the fact that the products are not being manufactured here in the usa lead us to question the integrity of the product itself and opt out of additional purchases in the future. sincerely, two of your kickstarter backers
when i read the first paragraph on update #17, i wasn't sure whether i should get angry or laugh at them. people complained about their lack of communication, and now they make up a poor excuse that they didn't want to spam the backers. haha, be honest and don't ridicule your backers. i couldn't care less about your facebook or whatever pages. i backed you here on this crowdfunding platform and i expect, or rather demand, to be informed here! you can post whatever you want on your social media websites but until you have shipped to all your backers, kickstarter has to be the primary communication platform. you got half a million dollars from us, so show us some respect.
i imagined my goat mug parts to be made out of leather so that they could beautifully wear as i use the mug. especially i was expecting the holder to be definitely made out of leather. however, due to some practical reasons, a 'leather touch' became 'plastic that feels like leather.' it was hard for me to take in, but i understood. but then, now you guys are discussing whether the material of the strap to be leather or, again, 'plastic with leather touch'? really? i really don't want to receive a plastic after this long waiting of, how long is it? almost two months by now? it seems to me that you guys are now just chasing for more profit, not for the sake of 'durability' or 'practicality'. you guys are trying to be animal friendly? really? for god's sake that explanation is outrageous. if you really care about 'animal friendly' product, what about getting a car with fabric seat when you purchase it? if this idea doesn't sound that attractive, then what about replacing your couch with alcantara? please, don't throw us any more bad news. i think the fact that the survey is not sent yet is  an enough bad news for me.
jute all the way...
1000% it should be jute.  linen looks much cheaper and more common on products. from an overall product design perspective, the jute is the way to go.  i can see it in boutique shops really standing out.
this is dragging on alot now. wasn't it supposed to be the case we would have our mugs in february.  as far as i'm concerned, i just want the 2 mugs and dont care about upgrades, surveys or any of that really. if they could get them knocked out and made. that would be great.
@scotty: exactly what sherri said. it was from an update on their facebook page. i wanted to post my choice on the comments so a: they can see that people are active on here, and want updates on here. b: i was hoping some one would ask what i meant by "jute". that way they could see that not everyone uses their facebook page. scotty, thank you for helping haha :) @zed: they can use survey monkey. that might help them out. that is a good idea.
i vote for the linen option... you guys should use a third party website for a poll or make it an option for the survey.
oops i made a typo... corrected statement below... :-p "fine that the creators decided to post updates via fb (even though their own poll on fb proved that more people want to receive updates via ks, but whatever...)"
the requests for more updates was made on this ks comment section, however, the creator decided to post a vote on their fb page about where to post updates. but they didn't put up a link to this fb here, where the initial requests were made... same for the discussion on the jute vs linnen packaging... fine that the creators decided to post updates via fb (even though their own poll on fb proved that more people want to receive updates via fb, but whatever...) at least post a link to your fb posts here in the comment section, so people not into social media at least have a chance to check it out! @ mason: sure we can understand that this might be anze's major business endeavour (even though you cannot know this without certainty...), the goat team should have at least had the insight to respond to comments made here, and not brush over it as if they were not made... that's why backer provide feedback here in the comment section about what is bothering us, so the goat team can learn, adapt and improve. all we are asking for is to show us some of the hard work that the team is doing. whether this is via social media, fine, but provide a link to those small updates here in the comment section as well...
@scotty- check fb postings for the discussion of jute vs. linen bags for the mug. backer feedback requests are something that really should be addressed here and not just on fb- hope that happens in the future.
@ethan what does a jute bag have to do with this project...?
again, jute bag was a lot better looking.
we all have to also remember that this is anze's first major business endeavor, so it will take a little while to get things running smoothly. however i do think more communication would be something for the company to look into.
i have to agree with everyone else, while i'm still very excited for the product i am rather frustrated with the communication. this project isn't over just because it was fully funded(or, well over-funded).
after perusing your fb page for updates, i only see leather strap samples. no information on the mug or it's pseudo-leather sleeve. we need more information. i agree with thomas, communication is paramount.
reading recent comments, i could see the basic problem here is the 'lack of communication.' people want to know more information about the product, while you are not showing much info as the people want.   this shares the point with the comment i previously wrote on this wall. i said i want more details, and other people also do. i want to know how the production is going on, and other people also do. and haven't got any feedback so far.   compared to the developers of pianu, which i also pledged a while ago, it doesn't seem you guys are trying as hard to communicate with buyers as those of pianu. in the comment section of pianu, and also in other 'successfully  completed projects', many of the comments are written by the developer in responses to customers curiosities. to follow the path of success, i think communication is very important.  it is not called a success before you smoothy deliver the product and customers show satisfaction.   i hope this project goes well.
have to be honest, the survey thing keeps getting put off and now your 'reward' for delaying it further is to allow people to spend more money on the products?? i think it's a bit strange that you say giving you more money for items people are still waiting on in the first place in a benefit to us. it's a benefit to you if people spend more money but the survey should be out already. 'logistics' keeps getting mentioned about being a problem. i am not seeing how logistics would effect the survey - should be quite straight forward.. what mug type do you want, color etc again it raised flags with me being offered the option to order more items when the initial order seems to be an issue fulfilling or even getting put together. can you please clarify what the actual issue is here?
dear anze, thanks for the response. i have been following the social media, and the info shared their is limited to some older marketing video's and some nice and funny pictures. not the type of info i was referring to. what most of the interested backers want is some more and detailled info on the actual development progress. what are you guys working on, what is the status of the development, what steps are taken to minimize delays related to the big succes of the campaign, what kind of problems are you running into etc... i was not trying to say that you are deceiving us, or that you are not working hard. but please spend a few minutes once in a while to inform the backers on all the hard work that you are doing, show us the blood sweat and tears so to speak. even in your response here you did not really share any info... i'm not asking for major updates, but small comments here in the comment section regularly could really help for interested backers to gain insight in the things that are going on, and help alleviate any concerns or questions they might have, and provide a measure of understanding when problems arise... i've backed quite a few campaigns here on ks, and while some creators really try to inform the backers of all the stuff that's going on in their process, most creators fail to see the value of keeping people informed. even if it is bad news or problems to be discussed, it will help create a understanding when you share this. no news or updates is always annoying if you invest (because that's basically what we backers are doing) into a startup venture... so please provide regular updates here in the comment section about any developments (for example something like "look at these awesome prototypes of the straps", or "found out about problem with the prototype straps, working on a solution", or "today we figured out how to solve the issue, all is going well") for commited and interested backers. you can always summarise all those little comments into a full fledged update for all backers (the ones that don't check the comments section) after a certain timeframe to minimize the email output for not so interested backers. all i'm saying is that it is not to much time spent on these little comments, but they can make a big difference in the way the backers feel about the project, now, and at later dates. it's just commen business and marketing sense in my opinion...
i'm looking forward to seeing how this project progresses through the development process #1000th comment
hey steven! we are so honoured that you would like to hear more from us, please follow us on social media (facebook, twitter, tumblr), we tend to post more information there since we do not wish to "spam" our backers too much, we've had some complaints on sending too many e-mails out to all the backers. logistics are still a problem but we're working hard on it, trust us, we are not trying to deceive anyone with anything, quite the contrary, all we talk about here is how to make it all happen for all of you. and yes, the campaign was a bigger success than we anticipated, we're all learning here. :)
@steven:  thank you for what you have. it may not be a step in the direction that i want to hear, but it is a step. i am excited nonetheless.
what the sad news. "bpa free" has no more commercial value: http://gizmodo.com/study-shows-bpa-free-chemical-could-be-just-as-bad-for-1679220401
about the color switching... i asked the creators in a personal message how this would work, because i had some questions about whether the closing lid would also be color swapped. they responded by saying that most likely, color switching will no longer be possible, due to the logistical problems this would create during production and shipping... i told them to be quick with updating people about this, because lots of us backed or upped our pledges because of this possible color swap... people needed to know that the color swap option might be going out the window! but they choose not to inform the other backers about this in their latest update, for whatever reasons. that's why i decided to share this piece of intel with you. please creators, more updates on the progress, more honesty and clarity about the phase the development is in and what the backers can expect! i know the campaign was most likely a bigger succes than you anticipated, and that timely fullfillment might pose a growing problem due to the amount of backers. but this is all the more reason for more updates and more sharing of information! it doesn't take that much time to post regular and informative updates...
@jeremy yeah that's what i imagined it to be. i never wanted it to be completely made out of leather. that would be too flabby to be a holder.
the holder could be plastic with a leather "emboss" on it, this giving it a leather look.
@caroline you're right. they never mentioned that the holder is made out of genuine leather. however, 33 sheets of greenish paper are definitely not small amount of money that could be paid for a mug. even starbucks stainless steel tumblers don't cost that much. sure, with higher quality material, the production cost will rise. and i understand that. but i still wonder if plastic holder was the best they could do.
@ thomas/benjamin/bee: i have to say i assumed that because the straps are real leather (says so in the reward descriptions) and the holder looks the same, i assumed the holder would be leather as well. now that you mention it, the holder is never described as more than "with a leather touch". it doesn't really matter to me which material is used as long as it's high quality - my guess is that they're using another material for practical reasons. you'd need a thick, tough leather if you want it to be able to stand up, act as a holder and keep its exact same shape after a longer period of use instead of setting as leather tends to do. but if a backer really expected a real leather holder, i can imagine it's disappointing to learn about this now.
@eris check the most recent update!
hi, i saw the pre-order link from the email. but when can we expect to receive the survey for our pledged goat mug~~
instead of doing black/black, can i do black/tan? i like the black cup, but i want the tan sleeve of the white/tan.
comment below is for benjamin piper. i'm not fully awake. sorry ;(
to remind you once more, when this project started, there was no official website. all of the clues given to me was 'leather touch' and that made me think that the holder will be some kind of leather (except for the hemp edition).
thomas kim, this is a quote from their website:- 'material used for on the inside of the holder is also polypropylene and the outer part is a thermoplastic elastomer which has a unique leather feel.' seems pretty clear, upfront and honest if you ask me.
i was wondering if there would be a way to mix the black mug and marsala accessories? or would that require the purchase of two so i can manually mix and match? it isnt that crucial if that would be the case.
bee; don't really want to argue with their wordings but i think 'leather touch' is pretty much enough to confuse people. i'm not blaming them, but they should've been more careful with it. they ought have mentioned the material with 'leather feeling' or 'leather like' if leather feeling plastic was what they were trying to say. sure, producers would like to say 'leather touch' to make their product look fancier but the bond and honesty built between consumers and producers are the most important thing. at least i believe in that maxim.
agh. stupid auto correct: should be "no where" not "no wear" sorry...
thomas, no wear does it say the holder is leather. in fact it repeatedly states "with leather touch" i expect this has something to do with its ability to reliably hug the goat mug while being carried and also keep its form after repeated use as a stand. i'm sure it will also make it easier to clean, which is also important. the straps however are leather. no changes there.
oops, there's a typo. 'and i, as well, am one of them.'
hi. hope all is well. i guess all of us here are desperately waiting with throbbing hearts to see the product in our hands. and i, as well, is one of them. however, some things are shaking up my mind, saying 'bruh, you sure you made a right decision?' there are just a few, but they all seem pretty important to me and at least, some of us pledgers. when i pledged, i did so in the wish of getting a brown-white one with the 'leather touch' holder as it said in the description on kickstarter. made me think '25 bucks for a distinctive looking mug and a leather holder? sounds pretty good!'    but, when i saw a different description of the mug on the official webpage, my thought just became a worry. the description said the material of the holder will be some kind of plastic with the feeling of leather.    really? is our holder going to be a plasticky fake leather material? or is it just for late pledgers? want the clear answer here. my second concern is that we are not able to get the heck of how the products will be when they come to our hands in reality. in short and obvious way to say it, we need more detailed shots. all of the pictures available are models holding the mug in a swagger way. they are not we need. we need detailed pictures of how the lid looks like, how the bottom of the bottle looks like, how the holder looks like and things like that.   seriously, no more swagger model shots please. i didn't buy the models, what i bought is a horn-looking mug. also, when you guys take pictures for size comparisons, please place some usual measures we can see in our lives beside the product. personally, i don't really get the feeling of how big it will be when you guys say "the grande mug is -somewhat- inches long and ..." put some things like a credit card, or a coke can, you know what i mean? we wouldn't know how big the mug is when you guys just take a picture of a man holding two sizes of mug .to be honest, i don't know how big the model's belly is, neither do i know how big the hands in the pictures are. let's be a little more realistic, shall we? i didn't mean this comment to be this long but oh well, these things were all i wanted to say. i hope you guys don't find my comment offensive, i wrote this for the goat sake (if you notice the joke) of this community. cheers for you developers and thanks if you all read this needlessly long comment throughly. bye! p. s. writing the progress of the project here seems kind of useless for me since not all of the people regularly check the comments. what about sending us some emails of how the project is going on?
just wait for the survey to come out. only then you can choose the size or colour or both. what you will fill in the survey will be final.
when we can choose the mug's colour? and how to choose colour?
@latrell in the survey that will be sent out you can pick the size! it has not been sent yet, so don't worry! this question has been answered multiple times :)
hi creater, i pledged for 2 mugs with 11.2 oz, now i want to change to 2 of 16 oz. what should i do?
@ chris: if you're already a backer, you've already "pre-ordered" the mugs you've pledged for. the e-mail that was sent out was a notification that pre-ordering is now open for non-backers as well... so if you click the pre-order button on the website, you're ordering extra mugs on top of the ones you've pledged for. that's why it redirects you to paypal. if you don't want extra mugs, you can ignore the pre-order e-mail. @ huang mu-ti: i hadn't even noticed that! oh well, i pledged here to help get this project going, all that matters to me is that they spend the donations on producing the best quality product they can. i won't miss those five extra dollars, anze can treat himself to a coffee with them for the effort he's been putting into this campaign. :)
hi everyone! first of, no one received the survey yet. if someone tells you otherwise, it is not true.  we will be sending out the survey as late as possible because we would like to acquire your latest addresses.
how can i select colour now?
there are no too much difference between backer and pre-order price, even some pledge level are more expansive than pre-order price.
there are people have received mail.  i did not yet received your mail.  when is mail can get me?
i see that you are accepting pre-orders now. i was curious if you had a delivery time for the pre-orders and if april was still the expected delivery time for the grands mugs for those of us who backed the kick starter? thank you for your time.
i got an email about pre-ordering. i put in all my details but then it tried to redirect me to paypal but then it said "account anze@goat-story.com is restricted". what does that mean? is this the survey? if it is, why is it asking me to pay again when i already pledged $28 while the campaign was still going on? i'm so confusedddddd.
still haven't gotten any survey...super excited for my goat mug!!
hey zan! we can't promise anything regarding the video, but you can take a look here: http://on.fb.me/1emlrw3 ... this should give you a better feeling of size.
hi anze, would it be too much to ask if you could make a short video of the grande mug (if you already have a prototype) in someone's hand, maybe even next to the current mug? just need to get a feel of the size. the current size looks alright but i'd like to see how much bigger the grande is. can't picture much with numbers and the one photo that you have (without hands). it doesn't have to be professional like the presentation video. would be great if this could be done before the survey is released. thanks.
thanks for the update, i have been sitting here foaming at the mouth like a rabid goat, trying to patiently wait for the survey to come out. i also can't wait to get my hands on my mugs :)
thanks for the details!
thank you, allan, for the information shared as below! :)
debby, the survey will only come in a few weeks. anze just replied me below your comment on this. and don't worry, the survey will appear in your email and kickstarter acct page, so u won't miss them. anze, thanks for clarifying. super excited to get my goat mugs too. hope u guys can keep us updated regularly.
hi anze, how are you? hope you and your team are working great as always! would like to have a quick check about the status of the survey since i still have not yet received any survey for my order (two mugs) so am not able to choose the color and size yet. thanks &  regards, debby
hey ray, the grande's dimensions are:  width: 8,5cm / 3.34"  height: 23,5cm / 9,25" allan, the survey is coming within the next couple of weeks. status of manufacturing: we are waiting for our first test prototypes, we are super excited to get our hands on them!
hi creator, when is the survey coming and what is the status of the manufacturing?
how big is the grande in inches/cm? i really like the bigger size(more coffee, duh) but i have small hands and am worried that it would be too cumbersome for me. maybe a comparison of the width of the holder part would help my decision? or a from-the-top photo side by side.
@kittie: from update #12: "you pledged on a reward with 1 or more goat mugs with straps and wish to upgrade some of them to grande. do nothing – keep your pledge as it is and you will explain your wishes in the survey we will be sending out at the end of campaign." we will be able to specify in the survey which size we want.
sure was hoping to change my size from the small to the grande, but the option to do so is gone :c i hope the survey will allow for this, considering the cost is the same!
karl, you will be getting all the instructions on that matter in the survey we will be sending out in the next weeks. mason, yes, the straps are going to be marsala coloured. ryan, please send an e-mail to distributor@goat-story.com so we can talk after we finish with the production of the goat mug.
hi sir i wan to agency your cup?this is ok? then i will order 1000pcs or more ,if can be got your agency? waiting for your news
hey anze, will the leather straps that come with the marsala goat mugs be the same color or will they be the original brown?
any word on what size and colors for the custom logos/messages on the 10 packs?
alright :)
hey guys! we will be taking some time to do the survey properly so you might have to wait a few more weeks to be getting it. make sure it doesn't pass by you once you get it, so you can tell us your exact wishes and where to send your goat mugs.  johannes, as much as we like what you designed, we have to sadly tell you that we are already swamped with the production of all the possibilities we put out there for now. :) you will be able to make orders later online and we will be collecting preorders shortly, so please subscribe to our newsletter so you will be the first to find out when and where to preorder one. here is the link to subscribe: http://eepurl.com/-evt9 have a great day everyone!
hello!  saw the grande! love it.  you say we change to it. how?? thanks;)
still wondering if you awesome people could make a matte red leather...thingy a reality :) https://www.dropbox.com/s/3jhhlb0aqud7rcd/9537f4f0fa53d6ff26b65225bded77f2_large.jpg… https://www.dropbox.com/s/h5pg8ntq2s50q8m/0ef0c03225661ffe45d8b76b19604cfa_large.jpg… certainly more matte-looking than in these pictures - i would llove it!  what do my fellow backers say?
hi! i backed the grande goat mug but seeing the comparison pics that you posted on facebook is now giving me second thoughts, so hopefully that you give us second chance to choose again for the sizes. thank you!
i'm pretty stoked to get this! glad i went for the grande.
i would like to know when will we received the survey.
when are the survey's prospected to go out?
richard: i'm sure there will be a way to order them in the future but there isn't anyway to order more than you ordered before the campaign ended
are we going to have option to add more mugs later on? just typical mate just noticed and threatened going to take mine �
just can't wait to have the survey.....!!!!!
sabrina,    if you go into your settings and update your email for kickstarter it'll probably be easier. i don't think they have the ability to send it to anything other than that address.
hi goat mug group, since the gmail is currently closed in china. could you send me the survey by my another emailbox: fyuan13@163.com. thanks for the help. bravo!!!
bougault benoit: there will be a survey in which you can indicate what you want, but the creators haven't sent it out just yet.
we don(t have a pledge manager too choose extra stuff ?
james o' brian: there is no "green manage" option anymore because the campaign has ended. any changes that you wanted to make had to be made before hand. whatever option you selected is the only one you will be able get, per kickstart rules.
if i want two packs of mug it's possible ? because i've already pledge for two ^^ ?
i tried to find the green "manage" button on the page as the latest email suggested. but there is no "manage button!
wendy wu the survey will be emailed when they have it sorted.
@justin, amazon payment always charges a bit extra due to currency conversion. like for me, 1usd = 63 inr but for amazon payments, 1 usd = 66 inr. maybe thats why you think you were charged more otherwise shoot email to amazon for clarification.
i bought the hemp edition and authorized for the $36 payment (33+3 shipping) yet i was charged more than that.. $42.43 even though i am constantly being guaranteed that i will not be billed for more than i am authorizing for!! what is this?!
congratulation goat mug!!i'm so excited for you all,but i'm oversea now so how can i receive the survey to choose the color of the mug and all that?i will only back to the shipping address i had wrote on the information in end of march. thanks for your time goatmugger ;-)
we should be getting survey within this week. so sit tight. backers will get an update when survey will out to all of us. also they will give us couple of days to fill up.
has anyone received the survey?
so bad .. i forget add on the shipping fee... who can help me ? i wan repaid it
it was greatful project! i'll hope that many people use this mug  shally i got one already  :-)
amazon declined my visa card, i just went into the payment place and "changed it", aka i just re-input the card's info. it worked totally fine after that!
so my payment went through but i have yet to get any survey.... were can i expect to find it?
congratulation to goat mug! i wish you luck in your company's endeavors, and i can't wait to get my hands on one!
i had tried two different int credit card (mastercard)...
the credit/debit card should be us or international one, only then amazon will process your payment.
transaction refused too...
my payment went through without a problem. those who are having trouble with it: i think the best option to solve this is to contact amazon payments directly and ask them why you're getting errors. after all it's amazon payments that handles the billing, not goat mug...
for those that are having billing issues: anze/goat mug wouldn't have anything to do with why amazon bill pay isn't working. if your payment won't go through you should check with whatever institution you are trying to use to pay.
matt, sylvia and belinda: you choose the size/color of your mug/mugs once you receive a survey. grande/regular mugs cost the same so there isn't any issue as long as you have the quantity you want. from a comment i made below: if i understand correctly: the brown and black color holder/straps can be mixed between the white and black horns. the marsala color can go with either the regular size or grande size white horn. and the hemp version can only be ordered for the regular sized white horn, and costs 33.00 instead of 25.00 because it needs to be made by hand. the 1 for 20.00 option and the 2 for 40.00 option come with the holder but not straps.
upon approval of the cancel. roger to paying back the wrong thing. but it came to be not paying again. i want to pay for that again. how do i do?
i had just received an error from amazon/kickstarter which said my payment is refused.  anyone had the same error ? how fix it？ very nervous now～
i have forgotten to add the shipping, what should i do?
my amazon payments account is "temporarily disabled" . how come!? and the payment is failed. what can i do?
looking forward to post it on social media to make my friends envy me!! congrat!
yeah baby! so frakkin excited!
congrats guys! i have to say you guys have been wonderful to the community of backers with the grande, extra early birds, etc. thanks (:
like to congratulate your team on a successful goal and exciting for my � horns
i would also like to switch over to a grande, but forgot to do so. will that be an option in the survey?
congratulations on a phenomenal campaign!  who would have thought this idea would have gone so big so fast?  i am looking forward to those grande horns, as i am almost positive none of my friends got in on this action.  there can be only one, hahahahaha!
so if we were unable to switch our pledge over to grande, are we no longer able to have that as an option?  i am hoping that the survey will still give that option as they were listed for the same price.  -pledge lvl 50.00 for two mugs. hoping i can still get the grande sized mugs.
yes. now i can drink coffee with style and be the envy of all my friends. heart eyes everywhere. can't wait to receive me goat mugs!
hi, congratulations. i noticed the amazon payment this morning. what i want to know is how i can order the "black" one please. so far i have not noticed how i can order black. please advise. a return email would be good to please. belinda@circleceremonies.net
hey everyone! wow, thank you all, we share your excitement!! a little note: you will be choosing your colours in the end when we send out the survey, and what is done with the pledges is done, sadly we cannot do anything about it, we do not have permission to change your pledges. we are going to do our best to please you with your wishes.  please wait patiently for the survey, we will be taking some time to do it properly.
hello..i had added 25$ to my hemp edition to get another goat mug and the total became 66$ with the shipping fee..did i do it in the right way?..because the email that was sent to me after the project was fund didn't say any thing about my 25$ that i added before..and thank you
impossible for me to "pay by amazon". i had just received an error from amazon/kickstarter which said my paiement is refused. try 2 credit card, and other backing works... anyone had the same error ?
looking forward to april! i've been looking for a decent travel mug that's just a little bit different for a long time now. glad i found you, goat story!
@aakash thank you
congratulations team. now have wait few more months to get them in my hands
it is not microwave safe. you have to pour in or take coffee out as per need
i don't think anyone has asked but is the mug microwave safe?
i would really like to upgrade my 2 mugs to grande. i am still waiting for the survey. otherwise i am so glad you made it! ~katrina
congratulations on a very successful campaign! now all we need are viking helmets ;) the inclusion of the holder is genius. not only does it serve to protect the hands from heat but it also allows you to place the mug on a flat surface. without it i can't imagine having to hold the mug at all times especially if you need both hands while using a laptop or tablet.
it is amazing to make this cool design comes true! i am very happy to be in part of this project in the last minute! congrats for the great success!
@daniel krull, sean li, summer hathaway because the grande size costs the same as the regular size, all anyone needs to do is indicate which size/color they need when anze puts out the survey. also if i understand correctly: the brown and black color holder/straps can be mixed between the white and black horns. the marsala color can go with either the regular size or grande size white horn. and the hemp version can only be ordered for the regular sized white horn, and costs 33.00 instead of 25.00 because it needs to be made by hand. the 1 for 20.00 option and the 2 for 40.00 option come with the holder but not straps.
awesome, can't wait!!  congrats from canada!
yay!!!!
congratulations from taiwan. i cant wait to receive!!!
nice... just a question could u post pictures of the color versions such as black with brown and white with black and so on? maybe on instagram or facebook?
祝贺你们~congratulations from china!
congratulations fellow goats!!  i'm so happy for the team and very excited to try out the product.  way to go guys!!
has kept checking the result, congratulations!!!! so happy for your team!!!!!
congratulations from taiwan.
fantastic!  now is countdown 4 months fr now to my goat mugs.
i pledged $50 for two mugs, is there a way to add money now that it's funded to upgrade one mug to hemp? i know i may be a little late on this, i totally forgot about it for a while.
i've been dealing with a family crisis, so i haven't been able to pay attention to the recent updates. i'm one of the 150 people who got to back this project at the $40/2 mugs reward level. i couldn't find a corresponding level to switch to for the larger mugs, but i definitely want the bigger ones. please advise. :)
i am so excited for everyone who was a part of this project!! congrats!
congratulations!!!
축하해요!! congratulation!!
congratulations from the neighborhood, hungary!
congratulations anze, im looking forward (very excited and happy)  to recieving the mug here in colombia :d thank you!
:p
i pledged 2 mugs in original size($40 totally). how can i change all to 16oz? sorry for my belated question.  thanks, sean
oh no...i think i made a mistake. i wanted to grande goat mugs with straps and changed my pledge to one grande goat mug for $25 and then pledged another $25. this is my first time on kickstarter and i didn't even think about shipping to the us.
threw in my last minute $50 pledge this morning for the 2 mug combo. congratulations anze, i'm looking forward to it.
it's remarkable what a group of people can achieve. congrats!
congratulations!!! i'm so very looking forward to:))
cheers! congratulations!
can't wait to lay my hands on goat mug!!! :)
ohh, i hope we get some pictures up of the marsala straps color to aid in choosing colors. i still can't decide which combo to go for!
congratulations!!! can't wait to get mine~~~~~~
congrats! cannot wait to get my goat mug
oooohrah
喜歡這個設計
so excited! i work at renaissance faires and this will keep me stylishly warm on cold days! thank you!
i'm unnaturally excited about this. then again, i have a real ram's horn i drink mead out of as well.
well, it doesn't come as a surprise, but congratulations. the idea is precious anyway, i can't wait to put my hands on it!
hello,i love this project very much,and i've pledged with $50 for two but plus extra $91(total=141).it's because i'd like to have 3 mug for 3 color (withe ,black,marsala edition) with straps ($50+25) + 1 hemp edition with straps ($33) +1 grande with straps($25) + ship to taiwan ($8)=$141 , is it right?
can wait to have mine! bravo
congratulation! thanks to you, now my worst addiction is free to definitively kill me via portable mug. so happy :d please keep on design fancy thingies!
thank you so much! we couldn't have made it without you!! the goat mug is reality because of you!
awesome!
cool~wait for choosing color~
congratulations ,please keep up to date activity at least bi weekly progress.
bravo!
@jake ~ haha, i had that problem(and solution), too!
congrats, everyone! :d woohoo~!
cant wait for the goat mug!!!!!!!!!
Čestitke!!!
yay! nice to see this kickstarter start off today! congratulations to everyone. ^^
congratulations anze ... good luck ;)
congratulations!
hi anze, yes.. we made it!! congratulation!! :)
congrats guys! couldn't decide on the normal or grande so got both!
hi anze, yes.. we made it!! congratulation!! :)
yeah~!! congratulations!!
congratulations!
congratulations! :d
yeeah! �
no artur, i live in italy...!  btw thank you for the answer anze, i understood! :-)
liching, congrats!! you made it!
oh my... it's 3mins to go. and it's my first time in here and i pledged this!! excited!!!
hey jake, yes you can! david, everything looks great! 4 minutes to goooo!
if i pledge the 2 cup level, can i have one grande and one normal?
i don't want to mess this up somehow so just checking, i've selected the grande with strap option but i've paid 59, that should cover two grande cups with straps and uk postage right?
12 minutes to go!! :d
hey debby, the size for the original is 19.5 cm / 7.7” and 7.5 cm / 3”
hi anze, thanks for your prompt explanation! may i check two more things, what is the original size? what is the size for "2 mugs set"? cheers,  debby
@johannes i’d love it!
heheh johannes, nice skills :d looks very christmassy!
someone in for a late christmas edition? ;) https://www.dropbox.com/s/h5pg8ntq2s50q8m/0ef0c03225661ffe45d8b76b19604cfa_large.jpg… https://www.dropbox.com/s/3jhhlb0aqud7rcd/9537f4f0fa53d6ff26b65225bded77f2_large.jpg…
thanks ranee, means a lot! and a thank you to you too, gergely!
thy anze ^^ , good luck with the production and congratulations! ;)
hi! i have pledged grande mug and added addition $25 for another grande mug :)) is this the right place to drop the team a note for this? thanks! - and i really like the idea of goat mug :-d
i meant the one you wish to receive besides the hemp edition, which you pledged on. everything seems in order, thank you for your cooperation. :) you will be stating that in the survey we will be sending out. and yes, that is enough for the shipping.
done! :) but: "another $25 for the additional regular mug you wish to receive" i'm not sure what you mean: this only changed the main pledge, and resulted the same price 25$ + 33$ + 4$ for shipping to hungary = 62$ 1, for the additional regular mug, when can i state that i would like to have the grande in addition? 2, is 4$ will be enough for both mug's shipping? :)
hey gergely, i would kindly ask you to pledge on the $33 hemp reward and add another $25 for the additional regular mug you wish to receive. thanks!
grande in hemp would be neat thou :) , worst case i'll craft one myself :p question: i still pledged for the grande, but i gave 62$ for the project, since i would like to receive 1 grande and 1 normal size mug in hemp! ( 25$ + 33$ + 4$ for shipping to hungary ) pls let me know if this method is not right, and let me know the right one to have this kind of construct if possible! hope it's not too late, and sorry for the last min complication!!
yup, exactly the same. except we don't offer the grande in hemp.
thanks, and everything else on the grande is exactly the same?
hey jake, the dimensions are :: width: 8,5cm/ 3.34"; height: 23,5cm/ 9,25"  i know, it's a tough decision, but i don't think the grande is too much in any way.
hello, congrats on a great product and how successful the kickstarter has been! could you tell me the dimensions of the grande? i pledged for the normal one, and i'm debating whether to go for the grande instead, especially at the same price. my worry is the smaller one might not hold enough drink, and the big one might be a bit unwieldy. thanks!
hey debby! yes, you will be able to combine the basic two colours according to your wishes. there is still no accurate delivery date since we have to produce the mug first, but it is scheduled to be shipped in march 2015. you will be notified about the specifics later on. thank you for your support! you join our campaign just in time!
hi sir, such a good day to explore your designed mug. amazing idea for an environmental-friendly and coffee lover. keep going on and would love to know more about your future project! i bought two mugs @ $50 with straps. may i ask for color combination of these two mugs?  since i am located in hong kong, i would like to double check the delivery date and how can i check the time frame with any specific courier? love this idea and support your team! debby
agnes, your math is excellent. :) you will be choosing the colours in the survey we will be sending out.
hello there, i'd like 3 "grande goat mug with leather straps", so i pledged $83. ($75+$5 shipping) i think i did the math right, yes? p.s. about when can i choose the colour of the mugs?
thanks :)) i'm so excited !! love the mugs ^^
hey ponyo! your pledge looks in order! you will be choosing the colours in the survey we will be sending out before we ship the mugs. thank you!
hi, i just pledged $105. i pledged for the 2 mugs + straps (ie $50) then added an extra $50 dollars because i would also like to get 2 grande version of the mug. + it said to add 5$ dollar shipping for my country. so that is a total of $105. i hope i did that correct.  or do i need to add extra $ for the shipping (total 4 mugs)? also, can i choose the colours for the mugs? thanks �
Žani, težav s carino ne bo! :) lunarrose, thank you for the kinds words!
oj :) a se da da bi bil poslan iz slo da nebi imel težav s carino plis srečno 2015
i am beyond excited for these~ honestly the perfect gift for capricorn coffee lovers like my fiancé and i! so happy to be supporting such a wonderful and creative product!!
thanks caroline!
bee, yes, it comes with straps. and thank you for the kind words, but without you guys we wouldn't be here, so, thank you!
romeo, that is correct, yes. first swap the reward to grande and add another $25.
brian, that is correct!
zi ye, in the “manage” section (you get there by clicking that big green button next to the video) choose the $50 reward with two goat mugs with straps. that way you can get a small and a grande mug.
yu qing, yes, it is going to be possible. the colour of the lid is going to match the colour of the holder. except for marsala and hemp, they are only offered as they are presented.
@ zi: under the amount of backers on the front page of the project, there's a  "you pledged $[amount]" block. click the blue "manage" button to get a popup window in which you can add the required amount for a second mug to your pledge and save at the bottom. that will take you to the payment platform so you can confirm the altered pledge there, and you'll get a new e-mail as well. @ brian: that's what i did too, you'll be able to specify which sizes and colours you want in the survey.
anze: you are so patient! thank you for taking so much time to personally answer questions. just to be certain does the engraved kickstarter option come with straps? if not i'll have to switch. thank you!!
hi my current pledge is the early bird $25. i would like to upgrade it to a grande and add one more grande mug. would i have to switch my pledge to the grande mugs ? and update my pledge amount by adding an extra $25 for two?
sorry sure you've had this asked a million times, hope i got this right just want to make sure. pledge 50.00 on grande that gets me two?
i have already pledged for a $25 goat mug. how can i add a $25 pledge for the grande goat mug?
hi is it possible to mix the colours of the mugs? like have the lid for the black mug, but a white base and have black straps and holder?
arthur, thank you for helping others, means a lot!
vitor, that is correct!
elizabeth, no, the $20 reward comes without straps.
hermelinda, you will be telling us your shipping address in the survey we will be sending out some time after the end of the campaign and before we ship out the mugs.
spencer, yes, you will be able to choose 2 different colours. you will be doing so in the survey.
vitor: my understanding is that to get 4 mugs, you choose the $50 pledge for two mugs, then add another $50 on the next screen for a total pledge of $108* (that's $25 for each mug, plus your s/h). *i don't know if you have to add more shipping for add-ons, or if it's just a one-time charge. that's probably been answered somewhere below already, but i'm too lazy to look.
spencer: as i understand it, to get (2) 16 oz. grande mugs, choose the "grande goat mug" option for $25, and add an additional $25 to the pledge (plus additional s/h as/if necessary.)
is this the correct option if i want 4(2+2)goat mugs? new pledge: $58.00 usd	pledge: $108.00 usd reward: $50.00 usd	reward: $50.00 usd shipping: $8.00 usd	shipping: $8.00 usd
just to be certain: the 20.00 early bird still includes straps, correct?
how about a $450,000 mark veinte stretch goal?
i see a lot of people going the $50 tier route... i feel weird now for just adding $25 to the $25 tier... e~o' can't believe it's almost over now! @__@ now i just need to decide what colours i want for the 12oz and what colours for the 16oz.
@hermelinda they ask you that in the survey
how do i edit my shipping address?
nevermind that question, just found it in the update, but just to check, in the survey we can choose two different colors if we are adding $25 to the grande pledge, to get two, right?
how do i get two grande mugs?? right now i have a dual set a mugs ordered
barry that's great. you'll be able to choose your preferred colour combination in the survey which we'll be sending you after the campaign is over.
hi, i just pledged $50 for the 2 mugs + 2 straps and added $5 shipping to the netherlands. may i have them in a combination of both colours? many thanks.
@arthur sounds great!
@nieke your pledge looks great! and thank you so much for your support! :)
anze: sweet. i'll just swap the hemp to 12 oz. and white to 16 oz. when the survey comes out. :)
hi, i just pledged 80$. i pledged for the 2 mugs + straps (ie 50$) then added an extra 25 $ dollars because i would also like to get the grande version of the mug. + it said to add 5$ dollar shipping for my country. so that is a total of 80$. i hope i did that correct. i am really pleased you guys got so much support. i saw your product advertised on a friends tumblr and thought it was a neat idea. then i promptly forgot about it, because of all the winter holiday chaos! i only just remembered about it today, but i'm so glad that i was just in time to get some mugs. good luck and a happy new year
arthur your pledge looks great!  (p.s.: hemp edition is only available in 12oz., sorry)
robert tell us about it! :)  **thanks for all the support to everyone**
anze: this is what i plan for my order. is this both possible, and correct?  > hemp mug (16 oz.) = $33  > black mug (16 oz.) = $25  > white mug (12 oz) = $25  > ..total pledge = $83* > my pledge is currently the $33 hemp pledge.  *i live in the us, so no s/h to add, correct?
10k backers.... what a huge milestone! this shows exactly how we love horn mugs! =d what a way to start 2015 :) it for sure will be year of goat.
:d hi mark, you're on the right track. increase your pledge to $75 and then specify your choice of goat mugs in the survey which we'll be sending out after campaign ends. cheers!
rose? should have said order! according to auto correct i'm more romantic than i realised.
i must be dumb, so be patient!  i have pledged for two originals with straps and would like to add a grande as well.  if i just change the pledge to 75 how will the rose show my request?
hi bee, thanks for your support! the engraving will be done with our eye for detail and aesthetic, so no worries of it being enormous or not looking its best. the original size is scheduled to ship out in march, so if all goes as planned, you'll be getting your goat mug very soon.
i have a pledge for the kickstarter one because i thought it would be fun. i just wanted to ask how big the engraving will be and where it will be located. i'm worried about it bring enormous. also, as long as i get the original size, will it ship right away?
cool, thanks anze! :) can't wait until april! :d
jessica, it is possible to mix and match brown and black mugs, but not marsala. marsala and hemp both come in that one version only.
will it be an option to get the black goat mug with the marsala "sleeve"? or is it only black mug with black sleeve and white mug with brown or marsala sleeve? thanks in advance! :)
@ anze: i do love the look of the mug and it would look lovely on the outside of my bag, but i don't want it to get damaged in any way... now that you mention it, i hadn't thought of putting the short strap around my shoulder bag strap yet. that may be a better option, thanks. :) @ ehmikayewhy: that's a nice-looking horn as well - now i want that one for cold drinks :d
ehmikayewhy bee we liked that campaign too, it's really fun!
http://dashorn.com/ ?
caroline, we were designing it in a way that would make it leak proof, but don’t you just love how the mug hangs on the handle of your purse and show itself proudly to the world? we sure do. :)
hey mark, sorry, it is not an option for the kickstarter engraving.
dario, this is our first kickstarter project so we made a few mistakes, this was one of them. sad to say you need to pay for the shipping fee.
amanda, you are correct!
arthur, we knooooow, waaaaah!!!
herry, yes, you just add $25 to your pledge.
anthony, you should just change your pledge amount to $58 ($25 + $8 + $25), that way you are pledging for two mugs and in fact getting two of them.
kim, just add $25 to your pledge so that way you will receive 3 mugs. you will be choosing the colours and sizes in the survey we will be sending out.
hey gaimee, if your order is mixed in sizes you will be receiving it later on, yes.
mengrong, that is correct.
hey vitor, just add $25 to your pledge.
hi there, glad i'm still on time to be part of this. :) question: is the goat mug really 100% leak-proof? the reason i ask is because i usually put my drink container inside my shoulder bag, together with stuff that's not supposed to get wet. the previous coffee mug that claimed to be leak-proof had a lid similar to the goat mug's, and it did leak, which resulted in a wet wallet/phone/bag. :/
is hemp an option for the kickstarter engraving?
is it possible to post pictures with the different color combinations? congrats on the success of your campaign!
amanda: that is my understanding. dario: do you live in the us? only a few places get free shipping.
last few hours to the final goal!  first of all congrats for this project.. i have a question: why it add 4$ shipping default? isn't the shipping free?
i also pledged $50 and would like one regular and one grande. so, if i'm reading the instructions right, we just leave the reward at "a set of two goat mugs" and specify sizes in the survey, right? i think we only have to change the reward to grande if we want both mugs that size.
10,000 backers!
nigel allen: so i just switch my pledge to grande(25$) and adjust my pledge amount to 58$ (50$+ 8$ ), then i can receive 2 grande. is that correct?  thx a lot !
same question with mengrong chen. it will be a lot of thanks if anyone can help me to solve this.
add $25 to your pledge.
now i have just resumed my pledge to original (set of 2 mugs with straps @$50), but how to switch to 2 grandes without quantity button. a backer barry mangione said he found a way... how?  pls advise.  thanks!
i pledged $50 for 2 goat mugs and just tried to upgrade them to grande. per instructions, i switched my pledge to 1st grande, but not able to "add" my 2nd grande.  now my pledge had changed to $33 for 1 grande plus $8 shipping!  how to add back my 2nd mug to a grande?
i choose $50 pledge to 2 mugs with straps. and i want to receive 16oz(grande) black mug and  11.2oz(tall) marsala mug. are you available?
@gaimee. exactly grande cups won't come until april. i am doing the same thing as you are haha. i told my buddy what i'm getting him and offered a grande mug if he would accept it being a little late.
so there wont be any double wall version for this kickstarter ? maybe for a future version of the goat mug ^^ felicitations for this good and original idea, anyway ! also, i wanted to ask : the little goat mug will be delivered in march, or later because of the grand goat mug ? i wanted to make a gift for a birthday in late march, but if i pledge for one more grand goat mug, it won't arrive in time, if i understand right ?
i wanna receive two grande gaot mug. so i change my pledge to grande gaot mug and add 25 dollars into pledge amount. final， the amount of pledge is 58 dollars including shipping fee same as before. which means i can receive two grande gaot mug？
i already pledged 2 goat mug, how can i add/pledge extra one?
robert, yes, it will be possible.
hey soogyoung, please pledge on the $50 reward and add $33 for the hemp edition.
will it be possible to get a black mug with brown leather?
i have the same question as sooyoung, hopefully anze can clarify that.
@johnnugent thanks! i haven't really pledged this way before so i was not sure. thank youuuu
can't wait to get my two grande mugs! such a cool idea, thanks for creating this!
@soogyoung, you should pledge to the hemp edition and add the appropriate amount for each additional mug, +$25 each. not sure how much your shipping would be. you only add it once to your pledge, though, and i'm not sure at how many mugs per person before it goes up.
please disregard my previous comment. i just read your latest update & got the info. i increased my grande goat mug pledge to $50 for two grande goat mugs. can't wait to get them!!!!!!
i already pledged for one grande goat mug. i'd like to get another, but there's no reward level with a set of two, and no "quantity" button on kickstarter. could you possibly add a two-grande set as a reward, and i'll upgrade my pledge? thanks
quick question. i choose $50 pledge to 2 mugs with straps, black and white each but i'd like to have hemp edition instead of white, also wonder what should i do for another mug which is grande size in color marsala. total three mugs, black / hemp edition / marsala , two 12oz and one 16oz...should i pledge 50+33 and choose $33 + or more of hemp edition?
i would like to thank the backers that help with answering questions, it really means a lot!!
david, yes.
hey blaž, pledge on the $33 hemp edition and add another $25 for the extra mug you wish to receive.
gal, the reward you pledged on will not be offering a grande mug. a biiig hello back to you :)
aakash, the lids are very durable.
ali, the kickstarter edition is the smaller version of the goat mug.
john, bee, we will be selling them online, yes. we are still not sure about the prices.
hi, if i chose the $30 options wouldn't it be the same as the new grande $25 version? what's the difference with the five dollars premium?
remus if you read anze comments from yesterday it will answer your question on multiple pledges of the grande size. he starts by saying 'for the ones that keep asking the same questions over and over again:' and yes it's available in white and black it is only hemp that you can not get in grande size.
is white color available for grande mug?
hi anze, this is my third comment regarding the quality of the lid and it has not been answered. how long will the lid last after a long use? is the lid strong and robust enough that it can withhold 1000 or 5000 open close regularly?
how can i  upgrade all to grande.?
@nicolas lol too cheeky.....:)
you should add another strech goal if we reach 400k. !!!
a)	you pledged on a reward with 1 or more goat mugs with straps and wish to upgrade them all to grande: switch to the $25 reward with a grande mug with straps and add another $25 for each grande extra you wish to receive. the shipping fee stays the same as before.  --> i have pledged $50 for 2 mugs with leather straps. i switched to $25 reward and where and how can i add another mug?
@david cabuay -- yep! but only add the shipping once, i believe. @blaž Šubic -- what john said, switch to the hemp tier, add the shipping and the $25. when they send out the survey after the kickstarter you can specify what the extra money is for. @gal jakič -- read the recent updates, :0c i'm sure i saw somewhere that if you wanted grande you would have to leave the $20 tier because the grande mugs only come *with* straps..?
just to clarify, if i wanted to switch my 2 goat mugs with straps into grande size, i would switch to the $25 grande reward and pledge an additional $25(with no rewards) plus the shipping. did i understand this right?
@blaz, they'll probably want you to choose the hemp edition pledge level and add to your pledge the extra $25 for a second mug.
hello, if i want one regular mug with straps and one hemp edition should i pledge $25 + $33 + $5(for slovenia) and choose the $50 reward or something else? blaž
"i'm so excited for my mug to arrive!" me to :)
hey guys, will early bird backers have access to the grande as well? congrats on a great ks campaign. best regards from slovenia! ;)
hi, i was wondering: what is the predicted retail cost of the two sizes of goat mugs? i tried reading through the swamp of other comments to see if this has already been answered but saw nothing. thanks!
i'm so excited for my mug to arrive!
how long will the lid last after a long use? is the lid strong and robust enough that it can withhold 1000 or 5000 open close regularly?
@donghee- i think i suffered a stroke trying to figure out what you are trying to ask...maybe find a friend who can translate it for you??
anze i commented earlier about missing out on the fancy goat mug (engraved kickstarter logo) but i noticed a spot and i jumped on it. . i need two mugs one fancy and the other regular i pledged 80$ but could my fancy mug become grande as well?  sorry if you addressed this i didn't see an answer anywhere about the fancy mug switching to grande
i do have a question about the goat mug after the backer rewards are sent out. can't remember seeing anything about future plans, but will we see goat mugs being sold in retail stores at some point or from your own web store? do you expect the prices to be the same or fairly similar?
thanks john, means a lot :d
for the ones that keep asking the same questions over and over again: a)	you pledged on a reward with 1 or more goat mugs with straps and wish to upgrade them all to grande: switch to the $25 reward with a grande mug with straps and add another $25 for each grande extra you wish to receive. the shipping fee stays the same as before. you will get to pick out the colours in the survey that we will be sending out after the campaign is over. no, the hemp edition is not available in grande size.  b)	you pledged on a reward with 1 or more goat mugs with straps and wish to upgrade some of them to grande: do nothing – keep your pledge as it is and you will explain your wishes in the survey we will be sending out.  c)	switching rewards: on the page of the campaign there is a big green button where it says “manage”, there you can manage your rewards. you can simply choose the one you need and where you modify your pledge amount.  d)	we will be shipping out the orders that contain a grande goat mug one month after we ship out orders that only consist of the normal-sized mug.  e)	the price for a grande mug is $25, it only comes with straps (that means that you cannot get it without straps). if you are currently one of the $20 rewards backers you need to swap your reward to grande goat mug with straps.  f)	you will be choosing the colours of the mugs at the end of the campaign, that is when we will be sending out a survey where you will be able to make your choices.  g)	the lids of the grande and the original goat mug are not interchangeable.
facepalm.jpg i feel so sorry for the goat mug team. you all are doing great, though.
hello i am supporting $50 for two goat mugs and two leather straps  i want to upgrade all to grande. if not, i hope to recoup my backer money i live in canada. $51 of u.s. is $71 of canada. $71 is very expesive for me. now i check my account and very surprised. sorry
anze; per the faq, "can i pledge to a single project more than once? on kickstarter, it is only possible to pledge to each project once from a single account. accordingly, backers can only choose one reward tier per pledge. however, you can change your pledge amount and reward selection for as long as a project is live."  so how could we go about receiving two grande mugs?
will there be an option to order a black mug with brown straps and holder or visa versa? thanks, jeff
hi, i pledged for the $50 for two goat mugs with straps and followed the instructions from your most recent email wanting to switch them to grande but cannot. can i just let you know in the survey at the end instead? thanks! sindy
hi anze i pledge $50 for two goat mugs and two leather straps  i want to upgrade all to grande. but if i don't change to "grande mug with straps" right now. is it possible i choose all upgrade to grande in the survey at the end of the campaign? sorry poor english thx! paul
how long will the lid last after a long use? is the lid strong and robust enough that it can withhold 1000 or 5000 open close regularly?
thank you, anze, for your quick response! have a great day!! i can't wait to get our mugs.
hi~ i've bought personalised 10-pack how to change to grande size?
hi, it's really amazing idea. i prefer to design a car holder for the mug. waiting for it :) thanks,
i don't really drink much coffee but loved the idea and i do drink a lot of hot chocolate and it looks like a really cool mug also  do you think it will be fine to handle alcohol in it?
hanyo, yes, you will be able to receive grande mugs. you will be choosing so in the survey.
just to make sure - does the backing option "$200 for 10 mugs" fit your claim (b), which means i don't have to do anything but just wait you to ask me about the sizes and colors of these 10 mugs without paying extra bucks for the grande mugs ?
hey kristina, i just measured it, but the measurements are not 100% precise, they can deviate for 1mm or 2mm. so the height of the mug is 23,5cm or 9.25 inches; the width is 8,5cm or 3.34 inches.
hey, i am not asking about how to get the grande mug! also, i checked a lot of the recent comments (which just made me feel guilty for commenting), and didn't see the answer. i was curious about the size difference between the regular and grande size. any projections, yet? thanks!
for the ones that keep asking the same questions over and over again: a)	you pledged on a reward with 1 or more goat mugs with straps and wish to upgrade them all to grande: switch to the $25 reward with a grande mug with straps and add another $25 for each grande extra you wish to receive. the shipping fee stays the same as before. you will get to pick out the colours in the survey that we will be sending out after the campaign is over. no, the hemp edition is not available in grande size.  b)	you pledged on a reward with 1 or more goat mugs with straps and wish to upgrade some of them to grande: do nothing – keep your pledge as it is and you will explain your wishes in the survey we will be sending out.  c)	switching rewards: on the page of the campaign there is a big green button where it says “manage”, there you can manage your rewards. you can simply choose the one you need and where you modify your pledge amount.  d)	we will be shipping out the orders that contain a grande goat mug one month after we ship out orders that only consist of the normal-sized mug.  e)	the price for a grande mug is $25, it only comes with straps (that means that you cannot get it without straps). if you are currently one of the $20 rewards backers you need to swap your reward to grande goat mug with straps.  f)	you will be choosing the colours of the mugs at the end of the campaign, that is when we will be sending out a survey where you will be able to make your choices.  g)	the lids of the grande and the original goat mug are not interchangeable.
will you offer the grande mug in a 2-mug set like the smaller one? my spouse and i both want one!
hello, i just want to ask how can i choose the colour and size since i only want brown and grande?
i just want to be sure- the hemp option does not come in grande size, correct?
i echo john's comments and thank anze for his long explanation in this comment section on how to insure you get two grande mugs. i admit that i had thought that would be the case, but you never want to assume something on here without confirmation. love that we have a 16 oz option now and congrats to everyone helping to make this project a reality.
guys, if you don't know how to change to grande, just go to "manage pledge" and click to the "$25 grande edition" it's very straightforward.
deez, the reason why it can't be specified in the survey instead, is because grande would be shipping out a month later. in april. it's different altogether.
i am without words on what a clusterf#*$ this project's comments section has become. almost to the point that i think there's some kind of a trolling campaign being waged against the creator. the steps to change your pledge and/or add more mugs has been stated numerous times by both the creator and other backers. everyday there are multiple posts asking the exact same thing that was asked several times the day before and answered several times therein. please research previous comments before wasting more of the creator's time. suggestion to the creator: please update the top of the project page with the lengthy explanation you just recently posted here so it is immediately available to all. maybe we can reduce these redundant comments so people can better use this section.
i agree with the others, rather than changing the pledge, it would be great to add the size option in the survey.
i think the easiest solution would be to add more pledge choices so we can change what our initial pledge was from regular sized to the same pledge amount for grande sized.
i suppose i have the same question as many of the others.  i pledged $50 for two mugs with straps.  i would rather have two 16 ounce mugs with straps, but there is no way to do that.  what do we need to do to make sure we get two of the larger 16 oz mugs with straps?
trying to upgrade to the 16 oz mug, but i can't figure out how to do it.
anze, i am really confused, i would like to order 2 grande mug and 1 normal mug, what reward should i choose?  and one question, will this mug keep warm the coffee?
is there any grande hemp edition?
any plans to include white as an option for the grande size?
i originally pledged $50 for two mugs. i wanted to upgrade to the grande for both but there's no option for that. instead i picked the one $25 grande mug but changed the pledge to $50 - hopefully that will translate that i want two? if not how do we order two?
hi, what do you mean by "the price for a grande mug is $25, it only comes with straps. " ? i don't know if i had a proper understanding. you mean that the grande mug only has one strap or something else? i didn't get the meaning of "it only comes with straps"
i pledge one grande with strap. i want to have an extra hemp edition with strap, how can i do?
hi anze, i had one problem i want 4 mugs, 2 regular and 2 grande all with the straps... so it should be something around 100 but there's no 100 pledge, trick thing i cannot select 2 times the same.... i can have it on another account ( since it's for me and my girlfriend)  in fact i could not find a way to select 2 pledges... and 10 mugs for 200 is way to much for us...
hi, i just pledged $50 for the grande mug with straps. the extra $25 is for a second grande mug with straps. just a quick question though, is there any chance i could buy an additional holder and straps too?
i pledged $54 with the reward of a grande mug with straps, so the extra $25 is to get a second grande mug with straps
ok, i pledged $50 for 2 goat mugs both with leather straps...i see the option for $25 for the grande goat mug but no option for $50 for 2 grande goat mugs with leather straps...how do i select the 2 in grande size?  thanks
another question: does free shipping available worldwide? i don't need to add an extra $8 for shipping?
hi! a quick question, if i may :) you are currently on about 12.000 pieces of mug orders, and they keep on coming. can your production line keep up on schedule for march shipping?
i pledged at $40 for 2 and would like to get the grande - how do i do this?
hi everyone! okay, so, here are a few things haven’t been explained all at once, let me offer an explanation: a)	you pledged on a reward with 1 or more goat mugs with straps and wish to upgrade them all to grande: switch to the $25 reward with a grande mug with straps and add another $25 for each grande extra you wish to receive. the shipping fee stays the same as before. you will get to pick out the colours in the survey that we will be sending out after the campaign is over. no, the hemp edition is not available in grande size. b)	you pledged on a reward with 1 or more goat mugs with straps and wish to upgrade some of them to grande: do nothing – keep your pledge as it is and you will explain your wishes in the survey we will be sending out.  c)	switching rewards: on the page of the campaign there is a big green button where it says “manage”, there you can manage your rewards. you can simply choose the one you need and where you modify your pledge amount. d)	we will be shipping out the orders that contain a grande goat mug one month after we ship out orders that only consist of the normal-sized mug.  e)	the price for a grande mug is $25, it only comes with straps. if you are currently one of the $20 rewards backers you need to swap your reward to grande goat mug with straps. f)	you will be choosing the colours of the mugs at the end of the campaign, that is when we will be sending out a survey where you will be able to make your choices. g)	the lids of the grande and the original goat mug are not interchangeable.
@creators since you will ask via survey about the colors we want anyway, i think it will be a better idea for all who pledged for more than 1 goat mug, to state the size of mug.  because it's just confusing...
i have one pledge that include 2 mugs, and now i want to include another 2 (grande), but i could not find a option to check the same reward twice...
i pledged $50 for two mugs under the $25 grande goat mug with straps option. i hope this is the right option
is there a way to upgrade the two goat mugs to the two grande goat mugs? unless i can get two grandes through pledging $50 at the $25 grande tier??
i have added an aditional $25 for an extra mug.  is this the right place to tell you that?
will there be a way to update the $50 pledge to grande?
hi, is there a way to upgrade the $50 pledge to grande mugs?
is there a way to upgrade the $50 donation to grande mugs?
are the lids from the regular and grande mugs interchangeable?   in other words, are the lids the same size, regardless of how much the mug holds?
the $25 grande option is titled "grande goat mug with leather straps".  i pledged $75 for 3 of them.
hi i backed $215 for 10mugs. i want to have 6 grande and 4 normal size. how should i change my selection?
i originally backed for $30 and then switched to the $25 for the grande option. i'm happy to switch back if the grande option becomes available for $30, as well. i guess i'm just experiencing similar confusion that many of the other commenters are. i'm very excited for your product and want to give as much as i am able.
added 25 to my 33 pledge for the grande mug. this is geniuse!
i am so excited for my grande goat mug! when do i get to pick the color?  thanks for this awesome invention!
added $25 to my $50 pledge level to add a grande mug to my two regular-sized mugs. is that the way i'm supposed to "leave a note?" confusion!
i am so excited you've reached the goal to allow for the grande size! as many have commented below, i am wanting to change my pledge to the grande size. i do not see the corresponding pledge available when i go to switch. do you have any more information on how we are to switch? i currently have selected the $50 for two goat mugs with leather straps and would like both to be grande sized. thanks :)
hello guys :) can i also please 'upgrade' to the grande mugs? i have 'backed' 3 mugs with leather straps. many thanks, melanie
just like katherine solan, i'd also like to make sure that if i upgrade to the bigger size of mug, i'll get the leather straps. thanks!
does the new grande mug option also come with the leather straps?  i want to be sure to get those as well - very useful. :)  thank you!
hi there i like a million other commenters made a pledge for two mugs and would also like to upgrade to the bigger size.
i have pledged for two mugs and would like to upgrade to grande but see no option at the reward page as well ><
i as well have pledged for two mugs, would like to upgrade one to grande, but have no option. :(
i of course am complicated as well and have pledged $50 to receive two mugs, but would like one regular and one grande! i have seen other replies on here about switching both to the grande size, but would like to know how to only switch one to grande and keep the other regular. thanks! very excited for my mugs :d
hi, i pledged $75 for the $50 for two mugsand an extra one, but i don't see a grande option for the same reward, should i pledge for something else in order to get them all in grande size?
hello! i just have a quick question about the rewards in regards to the new grande release.  i had previously pledged the $50 for two mugs with leather straps. while the new grande mug is the same price, there has not been a matching reward option giving me the reward i have previously pledged for but with the new larger sized mugs. so i was just wondering if that would be an option given in the email survey once the kickstarter has ended to indicate that i would like the new grande size? or should i change my pledge to something else? thanks so much!
how can i choose the grande one? (currently i pledge $30+$4 shipping for one mug and one strap)
i would love to see a black marsala version!
hi anze, its so amazing to reached final stretch goal!! nothing special and only would like to say congratulation!!
how do i switch to grande?
i just pledged for the $40 two mug set. will i be able to choose one grande and one normal, or should i up my pledge by $5 or something?
so i switched my $50 pledge to the $25 pledge for the grande and added $25 for a second one. do i need to do anything else to endure i receive 2 mugs? also, when/where do i pick my color?
so, please correct me if i'm wrong, i guess there're two ways for people who have chosen the $50 pledge for two mugs to have two grande mugs: (1) leave their pledge at the $50 level for two mugs, then wait for the backer survey and choose the grande size (2) change their choice to the single grande mug, and add an additional one both of them would ensure you to have two grande mugs and two straps coming with all the color you can choose. also, the price will remain at $58 including shipping. am i right? thanks for your reply !!
hello, i've pledged for a "goat story coffee mug" can this be also updated to the larger size? thanks a lot!
okay so in this case, if i pledge for 1 regular goat mug + 1 grande size mug, will the regular one arrive first in march? or would they be sent together during the later month in april, if not would it be possible to ship the two separately? thank you!
good morning, as many of the others below i pledged for the $50 two goat mugs and two straps but want to upgrade to them both to grande size. if you could please step by step what i need to do to make this change happen i would appreciate it. thanks and looking forward to arrival day :)
so. ive changed my pledge amount to 25 + 25 + 4 so making that 54. for 2 grande mugs, with straps with postage to uk. that correct?
good morning anze, i did the $50 for two mugs and straps, then added another $33 for the hemp one too. it said leave a note of what i wanted but i didn't find where i can do that. so doing it here. or do i inform you when you send the email on choosing our colors before shipment?
people have to pay $8 for upto 4 mugs then another $8 for another 4 mugs.
as one of the early birds, i pay $25 + $8 for one goat mug.  if you need one more, should i add to pay $25 + $25 + $8 or $25 + $25 + $8 + $8?
hi anze, to be clear... i have pledged $50 for two mugs. should i change something in my pledge to get grande version? or just wait to final survey and then choose the sizes?
hey sammy, that is correct! :)
what if i want an extra one to the same address?  should i just add $25 or $(25 + 8)?
hi yves, please peldge $75 on the grande reward, that way you will get three ($25 each). the shipping fee is the same no matter how many mugs you order.
hey noella, that is correct. please pledge to the grande reward and add $25 for the second grande you wish to receive. geoffrey, it's approximately 23cm tall.
hello, (sorry about this, this is the first kickstarter project i have supported and i am confused by all the comments). i currently have pledged the $50 (2 mugs with straps) and would like to add an additional mug, so my questions are: #1:  would i go into my pledge and increase the amount by $25 (which would be the cost of the 3rd mug) or do i need to select a second pledge of $25? #2:  if i want them all in grande size i wait until the survey and select them there, correct?  #3:  how much would my shipping be for the 3 mugs (currently paying $3 for shipping to canada). thanks yves
hello congrats on reaching the final stretch goal! my current pledge is $40 for 2 mugs (+$8 shipping), i was wondering if i would like to have both of them in grande, do i need change my pledge to the $25 one? thanks in advance.
hi, can you tell how high is the grande? please. in centimeter or inch. i don't know what is "oz". thanks you
hey yu! sadly yes, we are planning on sending them out one month after the normal ones.
hey sammy, this is our first kickstarter campaign and we made a few mistakes, that is one of them. sadly you need to add $8 to your pledge for the shipping fee. if that is the only reward you wish please change it to a grande, so there will be no confusion when shipping it out.
hello! really excited that the team has reached yet another stretch goal. yay congrats!!!! however though, is april the earliest timing for the grande mugs to be shipped out? i kinda was hoping to bring my mug along with me for my trip in early april 2015 :(
i have chosen the 150 limited quota 1 x $25 goat mug with free shipping but was charged with $8 for shipping to hong kong.  is there anything wrong?  can i change it to grande size in the later survey?
ryanne, correct again :)
okay thank you! but if i want one grande and one normal size, i should just leave the option i selected for two mugs as it is, and choose my sizes in the survey at the end?
hey eddie, what you're thinking is correct. sorry, the hemp isn't going to be offered in grande.
i just want to make sure what i'm thinking is correct.  i pledged the hemp mug for 33 and added 25 for the regular goat mug.  for the regular i will be able to select the grande if i want in the survey after the campaign?   also will the hemp be available in grande?
hey sam, you are correct! thanks for summing it up :)
a clarifying update on frequently asked questions might not be so bad an idea as we're gearing towards the end of the campaign especially since people who are buying more than one -- like myself -- might get confused about all the changes and other necessary steps to get what we all want. so, for example, i backed the $50 two goat mugs + leather straps option. i don't have to alter anything because my options of changing the size and colors will come in the survey, right? but, say, if someone wants 2 original size and 1 grande, they opt for either of the $50 pledges plus the $25 grande size option, right? i think based off of what i've been reading in the comments and your answers, that's what's happening. but please, correct me if i'm wrong. i wouldn't want to mess anyone up!
hey ryanne, $4 is okay for the shipping.
hello! originally i pledged 25+25+5 for 2 mugs, now that i've selected grande mugs, i should pledge 25+4+25? because when i select 1 grande mug the shipping cost goes down to $4. or should i use the original shipping cost of $5? thanks very much, and congrats btw! :)
james, that is correct!
rachel, sorry, the marsala is only offered as it is presented.
so am i correct in that if i want qty 3 grande goat mug with leather straps... i select 1 $25.00 but put in $83.00 (3x $25.00 + 8 shipping) i'm pretty sure that is what i got from the comments, but wanted to be sure. best, j
that should be black, not beach.
hey liz, please do not change your selection if you wish to have your order mixed in sizes, you will be able to choose your sizes at the end.
i don't suppose there's a way to get some in beach with the marsala, is there? :)
congrats on the grande. question what if i want a grande and a smaller mug? how would i go about changing my pledge? i currently have a $50 set of two selected.
scotty, tell me about it. :d
haha there should be another update to the ones with the same question.
abner, you are correct!!
hi anze, i'd like to receive three mugs (but i've not decide the size yet). what i should do is increase my pledge to $75 + $8(shipping fee) and the reward i selected still remains the same($50: a perfect set of two goat mugs and two leather straps.). according to previous comments, the reward i select does not matter as long as my pledge amount is correct ($25*n + shipping fee) and i can define the size and color i want in the survey. am i right? thanks!!!
hey anze, i have manually input $83 for 2 grande + 1 hemp. could you advise if i'm doing it right? i'm shipping to singapore  , btw. thanks again!
katherine, everything will be clear from the survey.
yungi, pledge on the $50 reward that gets you 2 mugs and another $25 for the third mug. since you wish to have different sizes mugs you will be determining everything in the survey we will be sending out at the end.
sofia, yes, they come with the leather strap.
nicolas, that is okay, yes.
daniel, no problem, as long as we sorted everything out. :)
hey ven, yes, add $25 for the second grande.
hi anze - i feel like i'm in the same boat as a lot of people - i was originally getting two mugs ($50), and i have changed my pledge to the $25 grande mug and added an extra $25 for the second mug. i hope i can make this clear in the survey!
hi anze, i would like to have 2 original and 1 grande, how can i do this
reading the thread below just answered my question.. so i just have to manually add it in the pledge box. 25+25 ($50) for two grande plus $8 for shipping...
hi- i'm also a little confused! i changed my regular $50 pledge to two $25 grande mugs ($50) but i'm unsure if that's right or went through correctly. also, do they still come with the leather strap?
hi, ive chosen the grande mug reward at 25$ + 3 dollars for shipping to canada but i want a second mug. so ive pledged 53$. is it ok ?
hi anze. thanks for your answer. i suddenly understand what you meant!  in fact. i wanna receive "2 grade mugs".  so there are 2 steps i should do：  step 1 - i have to manage my pledge and switch to "grande goat mug with leather straps"  step 2 - add more $25 to the pledge amount and make it to $33 + $25 = $58  then i will receive 2 grande mugs at the end,right?
hi anze. thanks for your answer. i suddenly understand what you meant!  in fact. i wanna receive "2 grade mugs".  so there are 2 steps i should do： step 1 - i have to manage my pledge to "grande goat mug with leather straps" step 2 - add more $25 to the pledge amount and make it to $33 + $25 = $58 then i will receive 2 grande mugs at the end,right?
i have the same question. if i wanted another grande what should i do? would i just change my pledge to $50?
hey daniel, it says in the backer report that you pledged $33 ($25 + $8 for the shipping). if you wish to receive another grande mug just add another $25 for every additional grande. what would you in fact like to receive?
hi anze. let me try to make it crystal clear... i pledged $58 ($50 for 2 normal size mugs + $8 for shipping fee) for 2 mugs before. now! if i wanna receive 2 grande mugs,  i have to mange my pledge and select the new $25 grade mugs.  btw, it shows $33 ($25 + $8 shipping fee). then i will receive 2 grande mugs at the end. not 2 normal size mugs + 1 grade mug = 3 mugs and can you tell what exact amount of money have i pledged? is it $58 ($50+$8) + $33 ($25+$8) = $91? or just $58 ($50+$8)? how can i know for sure how much i have pledge? thanks for your answer.
hey clayton, sorry but the limited kickstarter exclusive only comes in the original smaller size.
hey! just for your information, i switched my package to grande pack and added 25+8 for another set of mug and shipping. so, i'll be getting 2 grande mugs! thanks :d
hey guys! i just pledged $50 for the kickstarter exclusive (engraved) and the tshirt.  so excited about the whole thing... just quick question. is it possible to get the limited engraved mug as the grande or is it just the regular size?  do i need to pay more for the grande size if i want to switch as i only need the one mug?
hi anze, when will you post the size specs of the grande goat mug? hopefully soon, as this project is about to finish. thank you!
mandy, that is correct! vivian, you need to add $8 for shipping costs.
i got the same question as kit but got it sorted out from your reply, then i found the total i pledge now is less then what i pledged before (guess it's about the shipping cost) should i add that in or it's just fine?
just to clarify... i switched my pledge to two for $50. i can then choose 1 grande and 1 original when the survey comes out, even though the grande doesn't appear in this pledge amount? thanks!
no problem, kit. that's what we're here for. :)
wow. i had totally missed the manual input box at the top... sorry about that. thanks for the reply, though!
kit, swap your reward to the grande mug reward and add $25 to your pledge to receive the additional grande mug.
sorry to ask, i can't find the answer in the comments. i've pledged the $50, but there's no option for two grandes. if i select the $25 for the grande, it knocks my pledge down to just that, but i'd like two. i'm not sure how it works. could you clarify how i could keep the $50 pledge but still receive two grande mugs? thanks!
kelvin, that would be the way to do it. thank you for your support!
great news on the grand unlock! congrats for reaching another milestone anze! a quick question, i have switched to the grand reward, added $25 for one more grande. now i'm thinking of getting the hemp edition just for the kick of it. do i just add another $33? that means $50 + $33 + $8 (shipping) brings a total of $91
david, just swap rewards to the grande edition, the price is the same.
how do early birds get the grande mug?
to everyone asking the same question: if you wish to receive 2 grande mugs just add $25 for the additional mug.
i chose the 50 for 2 mugs but instead i want 2 of the grande mugs, but it only lets me select one. please help i dont want to miss out.
yes you can, francisco. you will be making your choices at the end when we send out a survey.
so i switched my pledge from $33 to $58 so i can have 2 grande coat mugs, can i choose 2 different colors?
shanna, that is correct!
if my reading of the comments is correct, in order to receive two grande goat mugs, all i have to do is switch to the $25 grande pledge and make a note in the survey at the end of the kickstarter that i'm pledging for two, correct?
kurtis, if you wish to receive normal-sized mugs besides the grande mugs, that is correct.
so if i add the cost for 2 grande mugs and shipping with the grande selection, is it during the survey that i would say the pledge us for 2 grande mugs?
hey del, what you are doing is perfect! thank you!
hi there, i am so happy to hear that there is the grande size now.  so i have changed my pledge order to: $25 grande with additional of $50 (for 2 more grande) with $8 shipping to my country, singapore. which add up to the total of $83. i hope that what i am doing is correct. do advise me on it if it is wrongly done. thanks ..
cho, yes, that is the way it works. the shipping fee depends on where you are from, it will tell you everything while you pledge.
hey filippo, you pledged on the one without straps.
congratulations! i have a similar question. i'd like to get 3 grande goat mugs. then, do i need to select the grande level and add $50? how about shipping fee?
guys i pledged for a set of two goat mugs. does it include leather straps? rhanks
dear anze, thank you for the answer, i'm so sorry but i can only choose to pledge for 1 grande for 25$ or two original for 50$ (plus shipping).  or did you mean that i should calculate my pledge as 25$ x (n of mugs) and then write a comment in the survey? :)
this is so cool. only sad part is that i won't be getting both mugs together. none the less i am very happy.
hello, can i ask for the dimensions of the grande? thank you.
hey aakash. yes, that is correct, so if you wish to have a mixed order in sized just keep your pledge and you will define everything in the survey. thanks!
congratulations team. kindly create a faq for this grande option. i have pledged $40 for 2 mugs. as you have said earlier that we will be able to select size and colour after the end of campaign. does it mean i can mix and match size and colours? for example, 1 grande in brown and 1 original in marsala?
thanks stine, you're awesome! :)
i am really looking forward to these; they are absolutely beautiful. i've just changed my pledge into the grande goat mug, but i have pledged 75$ plus shipping, since i have a mighty need to own three of these (who doesn't need all the colour options?) and your facts said that this was possible, and that i just had to send you a message to let you know; thus this comment. :) once again, thank you for being awesome people with amazing ideas! ♡
brilliant, thank you! and congrats again on this mental success!!!
ken, add $25 to your pledge for every additional grande you wish to receive
alexandre, perfect! :)
katerina, if you swap rewards and choose a grande edition, just add another $25 for the extra grande you wish to receive and $ for the shipping costs, in no way should you pay twice for the shipping fee.
gregory, if you already pledged you do not need to change your order since it is mixed, if you wish to receive only the grande mugs then swap rewards.
tyler, excellent! :)
dhuha, hey. pledging to a grande mug and add $25 and $33, like you said. thanks for your support!
congratulations team. kindly create a faq for this grande option. i have pledged $40 for 2 mugs. as you have said earlier that we will be able to select size and colour after the end of campaign. does it mean i can mix and match size and colours? for example, 1 grande in brown and 1 original in marsala?
hey! i have the same question here. as i have pledged $50 for two mugs and i only find that the grande size is only available for one mug in pledge option, thus i can't manage or change the size in grande for two mugs now. would it be possible add the option (grande size for 2) in pledge? thanks!
hey man ! i selected "$25+ grande goat mug with leather straps" and add an other 25$ for a total of 55 bucks, ok for 2 grande + two leather straps + reusable and stylish packaging ? thanks a lot for the time ;)
hey team! could you help me please: i pledged 50$ for two mugs+straps and now i want to change for 2 big mugs+straps. but if i make 2 pledges for 25$ then i'll have 2 shipping charges instead of one, which is kinda not cool. how can i combine my orders to have just one shipping charge?
hello anze and amazing project by the way. :d i have the same question as dhuha. i want 1 hemp edition and 1 grande edition. which reward level should i choose? i pledged 61, which is 25+33+3 and shipping to canada. hopefully this will clear some confusion for other people as well. cheerz
hey, i just changed my reward to the $25 grande level, and pledged an additional $25 to get an additional grande mig. did i go about this the right way?
hey guys, congrats on hitting the stretch goal!! really pumped about the upgraded size. i just have one pledge question: i plan on getting two grande mugs and one regular mug in hemp. how should i pledge to cause the least confusion (do i pledge for one grande mug, then add $25 for another grande as well as $33 for hemp?)? thanks in advance :)))
winner! i'll do that right now. cheers!
hey zac, apologies, read your question too fast. you can add another $25 to your pledge on the grande mug to receive two.
hey zac! if you wish to receive only the grande mugs please switch your reward selection to the reward that offers them. the price is the same.
hey team, i have pledged $58 for two of these awesome mugs. i was hoping to get both in the grande now that it's been reached, but the reward available is only for one grande mug. is my current pledge of $58 enough for two mugs or do i need to do something special to get two grande's?
hey jackals, i checked your pledge and everything seems to be in order! thank you so much for your support!
am i eligible for the 10 items itneunge march? and i would like to receive a 10-fold white. please answer !?
hey wei, thank you for your support! add $25 for each additional mug you wish to receive.
brenson, haha, the grande is awesome!
hey megan, you already get the straps with the $25 pledge. :)
alysse, thank you! you wil be choosing the colour and size after the campaign is over when we will be sending out a survey where you will be making your choices.
randall, emma, kit, marc, thank you all! we are so happy about it!! :)
charlotte, it is not that we don’t want to make one. we are going to do our best but cannot promise anything.
hey dawn, sadly that is not going to be possible, you are going to be receiving them at the same address.
hi jen, charlotte, mariia, you wil be choosing the colour and size after the campaign is over when we will be sending out a survey where you will be making your choices.
hey ben! we plan on shipping out the grande mugs out one month after we ship out the normal-sized mugs.
hi! i love goat mug so much. what a gread idea! i pledged $430 for 20 mugs, if i need extra 4 more, should i add $20 or $25 for each mug? thank you.
meta realizada 16oz
wow, that was impressive! congratulations! so, how can we switch to the grand size? i pledged 58$ and not really sure how to go about it now.
i know a few reenactors and some heathens that would love if you eventually made one large enough to hold a full bottle of mead, wine, etc. :)
yay big mugs!!! now my mug will look even more like an old gunpowder horn.
@sabrina how can i choose the colour of the goat mug? when the campaign is over we will be sending everyone a survey where you will be able to choose your favorite colour.
@glory goh thank you so much for the help. i have already changed my pledge to 133. do you know whether we can choose the size, color of the mugs?
@megan you can update it now just click manage below the status section
we did it! so happy to get the 16oz stretch! woohoo!!!
really excited for the 16 oz mug and looking forward to details of another stretch goal! 5 days to go! congrats, anze and the goat mug team!
so will i be able to upgrade it at the end? i already did 25 but want to upgrade to 33 for the strap... i don't have much idea of how this works, i'm sorry! thank you for helping me!
congratulations on reaching the next stretch goal! when will i be able to customize my 10 mug order and can i upgrade to 16 oz now? cheers!
yay! 350 000 we did it :)
looks like you better come up with a new stretch goal, because this one looks like it's a wrap. :)
will you consider grande size for hemp edition,please?:(:(:(
hi, i wanna pledge 2 white mugs, one for canada, one for hong kong. so, i need to pledge $50 for two mugs and two leather straps, right? but the shipping cost is different ah! thank you for your help!
great design! i have chose the fifth selection (pledge 25 or more) but cannot choose the colour. where can i take the selection?( i would to have a white one! )
if i choose the bigger size mug will this result in a delayed delivery? i assume it will take you longer to prototype and design the bigger size?
eddie, that would be correct, yes!
gabriel, thank you!
hey megan, we would ask you to switch rewards to avoid confusion when we send out the mugs.
hey sabrina! you will be getting 5 mugs if you pledge $125 (just add $25 for every mug you wish to receive extra). you only pay for one shipping fee.
jani, thank you!
hey joshua, you will be finding it out at the end of the campaign.
hey hope, jie, yes, it will be possible. you will make your choices in the survey we will be sending out after the campaign is over.
hey robin, yes, that is our plan. once we go wholesale we will be accessorizing it.
hey yara, just add another $25 to your pledge.
hey josh, depends on a type of car holder you have, we tried in a couple holders and it fit, but we cannot guarantee that it will fit into every one.
hey zoe, we will be supplying the measurements with the photos. if it makes it any better – i am a girl with small-ish hands and it fits okay, poses no problem carrying it around and handling it.
robert, a beeeerry christmas to you too, even though we’re a bit late. and a happy new year.
hi hadinata, thank you for your interest!
hey yuyuhero52, you will be able to choose them when the campaign is over. we will be sending out a survey.
@glory goh i read in the faq that the shipping remains the same but only up to 4 pieces. "if you’d like to get more than one hemp edition goat mugs, please pledge extra $33 for each mug. shipping cost remains the same for up to 4 pieces."
i pledged the $33 hemp edition level but pledged $58  amount as i want a second mug in black with straps.  would that be the correct way to do this?
@sabrina i'm getting them sent to china too. it doesn't matter which reward you choose, they all come with straps. if you want 5, you can select the 25usd reward, and just change the amount to 125, shipment of 8usd will be added to that automatically, making a total of 133. hope this helps.
hi fellas! congrats and good lucky from brazil! ;)
i've already had $50 pledge, how can i do if i want 5 mugs all with strap?
hi! i bought this for my boyfriend, but forgot to do the one with the strap! is it possible for me to just upgrade my donation?
hello there~ thanks for the amazing design of such coffee mug! bravo.  i'm from china, and here is my question. if i buy 2 pledge $50, and 1 pledge $25, i will altogether get 5 mugs right? how can i choose the size and color before the delivery? can these mugs share the same delivery freight? appreciate to have the reply :)
this is a great idea and i really love it. may i know when is the date of "choose the black/tan/marsala colour in the survey at the end of the campaign"? is it 6 days after?
hello anže. just giving a shout out at what a great idea this is. i backed for two horns so i can give one to my sister for her birthday, as she is also a coffee junkie ;)
@jie li the shipping information fill-out or survey is usually sent out after the project ends.
originally you said that you were going to do something special for the backers that got caught in the beginning with paying $2 for shipping. have you decided what is going to be done yet?
hi, first of all, this is definitely an awesome idea for coffee lover. thanks for trying to make this happen. i pledged $50 for two mugs and two leather straps.  i wonder whether i can get a black one and a white one, and both of them with brown leather straps.  also, when will you guys send out shipping information fill-out?
i absolutely love the look of brown leather, but i'm a painter and i don't think white is the safest color for me. would it be possible to get a black mug with brown leather and straps?
will there be a point in time where we can buy various colours for the leather holders?
@yara just change the reward level or increase your pledge by the value of 1 goat mug ($25 i guess).  so for example: if you want 1 aditional mug - add 25 if you want 2 aditional mugs - add 50 if you want 3 aditional mugs - add 75 and so on :)
i did back the project and i want to order another goat mug with out paying the shipping fee again..how can i do that??
one of my followers asked "how will i use this in my car cup-holder", i thought it was a good question ...
i'm very excited to back this product, and hope that the 16oz stretch goal will be reached. i can see on the main page there are measurements (height, lid diameter) for the smaller size - is it possible to know these measurements for the grande size as well, for a proper comparison? much as a larger capacity would be nice, it may not fit in my tiny hands! i am also wondering if the mugs (including holders) are microwave safe. apologies if this has already been addressed.
beeeeee'ry x-mas every goat mug lover! ;) remember : santa goat is watchin' you ^^
i really want those mug  hope it will be a great success for you anze,  i'm from indonesia, hope you can distribute the mug in indonesia and if you do, i really want to work along with you merry x'mas everyone
hi，just a quick question: how can i choose color for my two mugs(i prefer one black and one white) ? thx, happy holidays!
have a great holiday season, all 8000+ of you!
victor, add $400 to your pledge and you will receive 30 mugs.
thank you, remus!
kowalsky, haha, better safe than sorry :d
allan, no, the hemp edition is only offered as a smaller version.
carlos, i know, just wait, you’ll soon need the 6th one as well :)
chih, thank you for your support!
chia-ling, we will be sending out a survey after the campaign is over where you will be able to make your choices.
natascha, if you pick the marsala version, you get marsala coloured straps as well.
constantino, thank you for your support!
hey yinan, that is correct!
happy christmas everyone! and  anze i  have change my  pledged from 58 to 215 for ten mugs with leather strap wich u know
thanks randall! i hope they do offer a bigger version for hemp version cos its a pretty nice colour.
hello, i want to buy  30 , but i can only choose $ 215 option, how can i do?
happy christmas everyone.
no grande for hemp edition. the creator has stated this earlier. i am disappointed about this as well...stoner's need large coffees too. :)
merry christmas:)
merry christmas!  have a nice day!!
well, somehow someone somewhere convinced me to get 4 mugs (one of each) just for myself... weird :o
hi anze, may i just enquire if the grande version will be available for the hemp edition of goat mug? seems like u guys are hitting the stretch goal soon.
somehow, i managed to need five of these. i'm not sure how that happened.
anze, i've changed my pledge to $158 for 6 mugs and shipping fee, if i miss anything pls let me know, thank u , have a nice day.
hi anze, i pledged $58 and i can have 2 mugs and 2 leather straps including the shipping charges right? so i'll get one white and one black mug? or the color is random? thx!
hi anze. :) if i order the goat mug and a leather strap will there be leather straps with the marsala colour too or just black and tan? :)
problem solved ;-)
been trying to add another mug (the hemp edition) but nothing happens when i click on it. help! ;-)
hi anze~ i  pledged 80 which means i will get 3 mugs with 3 straps right?  thank you!
hey inae! yes, that is correct! thank you for your support!
hi. i have a question. i am a backer at the $ 108 level. and live in south korea.    i pledged $ 108 in total, and i can have 4 mugs including the shipping charges. is that correct?
cynthia, that is correct! :) thank you!
hey ananda, we are gonna try our best to deliver all the mugs with minimum complications.
hey chih! just add $50 to your pledge ($25 for each additional mug you wish to receive). you will be able to choose the marsala version, once the campaign is over we will be sending out a survey where you will be making your choices.
thank you bernarda!
jewelie, hi! you can just add the $8 to your current pledge and at the end of the campaign you will be getting a survey where you will be able to choose every mug.
hi hasnah, thank you for your great support! it is still a bit early to talk about distributorships since we are in the middle of the campaign, but we kindly invite you to drop and e-mail to distributor@goat-story.com so we can talk after the campaign is over.
hey ethan. yes, we do allow mixing and matching between the original goat mugs (white/tan and black/black).
so i pledged $108 in total, and i can have 4 mugs including the shipping charges. is that correct? thanks :)
hi! i was wondering, which shipping company are you planning to use?  i have a bad experience with international shipping to indonesia (my country) and it was stuck in customs until now. it wasn't anything important so i don't mind that package being stuck. however, i'm super excited with the goat mugs i've backed so hopefully this wont happen :) thanks!
hi, anze, i've pledged $58 for two mugs with strap, but now i want to add 2 more mugs, how do i pledge(ship to taiwan) and how do i select the reward in reward list(because there is no iterm for 4 mugs)? the another question is that can i choose marsala version?
bravo, great idea and incredible product. good luck and best wishes!
anze, great project. my boyfriend and i are both very excited about receiving our mugs. he wants the hemp version. as of right now i've pledged $50 and selected the -two mug with straps- option, so to receive the hemp version as well, i should add an additional $8.00, is that correct? should i select the hemp version kickstarter and just include the extra $25, or can i leave my current selection as is? i just want to make things easier for you to plan orders. thanks!
hi..i want to be your distributor and do business with you so i pledge for $215 for 10 goat mug plus shipping but i want extra 2 mug so i add $50 to my $215 so i pledge for $265. is this right? do i need to add more shipping for the 2 mug? sorry for my english hope you understand. thank you
not sure if this was asked or not, but can we change the color of the base/handle? i think the look of the black horn cup with the tan base/handle would be really good.
hey remus! just add additional funds to your pledge ($25 for each additional mug you wish to receive or $33 for each additional hemp mug you wish to receive). hope i helped and thank you so much for putting a good word in for us! lin, yes, you did it correctly! thank you!
i have add pledge to $108 = four goat mugs with leather straps. is that right??
hey  anze miklavec  forgive my poor english here is the thing: i pledge $50  because i really like this mug and i am a barista. after i share with my friends what i got,they ask me to buy more  so i want know   1. how can i get four mugs with  leather  if  the choice of  $50 is all gone.  2.  if i want get two more ,shall i pledged twice $33? this is my first time to use this web. thank u
hey cynthia, lin just add $25 to your pledge for any additional mug you wish to receive.
hey malori, we have no concerns about the time life of the attachment points. the holder is not made of leather, it is a similar material to the one used in the making of the mug, except it has a much softer touch to it.
ethan, boudewijn, sean, david, thank you!
malori crisp: here's what i was told about the holder when i inquired: "the holder is made of polypropylene with a leather-like touch so it is not real leather."
i have pledged a package of $50 which contains two goat mugs with two leather straps. but i want two more goat mugs with leather straps. how could i do?? i found the related statement about this question. do i only need to add $25 for each goat mug with leather straps?? that means i need to add $50 to my payment.
change the pledge to 108 already. looking forward to the mug! lol
change the pledge to 108 already. looking forward to the mug! lol
change the pledge to 108 already. looking forward to the mug! lol
hi ! i had backed for 2 mugs, how can i back 2 more (total 4)? thanks :)
also someone pointed out the wording of "leather touch" for the holder. does this mean it is faux leather on the cuff/holder? just want to verify. i imagine there's a reasoning for it to make it function right with rigidity and grip as well as aesthetics. thank you!
how do you feel about the longevity of the metal and plastic attachment point for the straps? do you think this will fail over time? do you have any suggestions on how to efficiently utilize that attachment point to stretch its life?
i am so excite that i found this again.  i can't wait for my new mug.
nice story; love the white one with the first brown leather! :)
thank you very much! i can't wait for the mugs!!
thanks chin! :d
16oz rock!!
hey barbara, you will be selecting the colour at the end of the campaign as we will be sending out a survey where you will make your choices.
hey david, add $25 to your pledge for each additional mug you wish to receive. the shipping remains the same.
hey ronja! yes, all the mugs come with two straps. we’re counting on you guys to spread the word and help gather more backers to unlock the grande edition. :) thanks for your support!
hehe cerise, we’re glad you love it! thank you for your support!
hey ali, sorry but that reward is already gone … we will look into it and if it will be possible we will let you know.
orson, it’s awesome isn’t it? :)
hello! i am a proud backer at the $50 level, and i can't wait for the two goat mugs and straps (with my shirt as well)! i had the impression that i could select the colors for my mugs. i would like one of them to be the hemp edition, and the other one the lighter standard color. please let me know!
hi i am already a backer. and i would like to get 4 mugs. is the shipping fee remain the same? and how can i pledge more? i see no option. thx!
hi! i'm loving the goat mug, i know they will love it in the netherlands! i orderd the distributor pack. but i wanted to know if all the mugs come with 2 straps (a long and short one)? i'm hoping you'll reach your goal to get the grande mugs, that would be perfect!
yay! i'm so happy this project took off... it's such a beautiful design and it appeals to my inner viking (because drinking coffee from the skulls of my vanquished enemies is so 2013, plus i don't have any enemies so there's that technicality to contend with, and i am only capable of vanquishing mosquitoes and very small non-scary spiders).     best wishes to the goat team, and thank-you; i'm proud to be a backer and i'm looking forward to having the coolest mug in school.
hey anze! i seen your project when it was 80% founded looks like you  guys destoryed that goal ... well done unfortunately i missed out on the limited edition kickstarter logo mug :/ is there anyway possible i could add another 60 $ in hope to get a limited model? if so how can i .. so in total i'd need 3 mugs i already funded 53$ for the two mugs i wanna get third but special kickstarter edition (engraved kick starter logo) thanks for you great product and your quick replys!
man, this project really took off! :d this is awesome~
hey kowalsky, you can pledge as much as you want, some caught the early bird and got it cheaper, some wanted to pledge a bit more so  they chose the $30, we decided to offer a lot more early birds to try and get it to as many backers as possible. everybody who pledged for the reward that includes the strap will indeed get the strap, so no worries there.
ab, thanks. :d but it’s no trouble, really :)
kelvin, pledge on the hemp edition and add $25 for the additional mug. the hemp edition is not going to be made in grande size.
if shen, shipping to taiwan costs $15.
remus, the shipping is not free, you need to add for the shipping costs to your pledge.
hey stewart, chris, ethan! after the campaign is over we will be sending out a survey where you will be able to choose your favorite size (if we hit 350k) and colour. thank you so much for your support!
hey joy! we can’t wait to start sending them out!
some questions: you have a 25$ early bird tier still open, with over 3400 pledgers, offering mug and strap, but you say in the description of that tier "we offer 150 extra early bird packs". how are you going to handle the other 3250 pledgers? should we bid at least 30$ to get a guaranteed strap? what about the people who pledged 25$ in the "non-early bird" tier, will they still get the strap? and the people who pledged the 30$ for the strap?
people read the comments by the project team before posting. they said over and over.. no extra cost for grande vs regular size. choosing your color and size preference is after the campaign is over through a survey.
how do i proceed if i want a hemp edition plus one normal? if the next sg is reached, would i get both in grande?
hi,if i order 20 mugs,how much ship cost i need to pay? ship to taiwan.
1.do i choose the color of the mugs when it is funded? 2.how will i be informed when the project is funded? is it by e-mail or other ways? 3.i pledge $50 but it shows $58 in total when i sign in amazon, is it free of shipping?
hello, just backed with the two for $50. questions, 1) do i choose the color when it's funded? 2) if we reach the grande stretch goal, how do we upgrade?
hi, i have pledged $200,may i choose 5 black  and 5 tan color? and i hope to have chance to be your distributor longterm.thanks~
greetings everyone. anyone interested in the art of belly dance? there's a kickstarter that needs help. please share and support. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/366479167/revamp-illumination-dance-studio
hi! i pledged $331, so i can get 11x goat mug with leather straps + reusable and stylish packaging、 two goat mug hemp editions  and a specially designed t-shirt,right? p.s: 11x goat mug with leather straps can choose  size and color? (for example: 3*16oz black、2*11.2oz black、4*16oz white and  2*11.2oz white) my english is poor thanks for your reading
i can't wait for the campaign to be over, so i can put in my request for colors! i can't wait to have this already!!
shahram, after the campaign is over we will be sending out a survey where you will be able to choose your favourite size, colour and tell us where to send it.
hi. will the $50 pledge include one back and one tan color? can we pick the colors?
hey chaz! no, for now there is not one available. sorry.
there will be a grande hemp edition right?
hey katelyn, mixing and matching will be possible between the two original colours, but unfortunately we only offer the marsala and hemp edition as they are presented.
hey tang, thank you for your support. after the campaign is over we will be sending out a survey where you will be able to choose your favourite size, colour and tell us where to send it.
tjarko, you are correct! :)
hello anze,i love your design and concept. however, if we can choose holder color for cup, that would be perfect. to me, black cup+brown or marsala holder are much better than black. in the other hand, colorful holder might be a great idea to bring personal style.
hi there, i select $200 + distributor pack: 10x goat mug with leather straps + reusable and stylish packaging. interested in working with us longterm? support our campaign by choosing the distributor pack and get in touch with us. estimated delivery: mar 2015 ships anywhere in the world can we select colors or styles (black and. white)? can be a 5 black goat mug+ 5 white goat mug or 3 black goat mug  + 7 white goat mug? sorry my english is not good. thank google translation and thank your design.
hello anze,i think your idea is very great.i've backed the $50 for 2 mugs with 2 straps. can i get two white one with brown leather holder? thank you~
i think the 11.2 instead of 12 oz are from the european standard 330 ml
guys, i cannot thank you enough for your interest and support. you are all the g.o.a.t. (greatest of all time)!!
hey del! yes, that is correct, just add sufficient amount of $ to cover the extra cost and at the end of the campaign we will be sending out a survey where you will be able to choose your favourite colour (and size, if we unlock the new stretch goal).
charlotte, you are very welcome :)
jim, you will have to cancel your current pledge and pick out a different reward.
anne, walter, i will have to get back to you with the details.
derek, ricardo, we did a grande edition (16 oz) into which a starbucks beverage fits perfectly :)
scotty, if you are going for one mug that the right selection would be the hemp edition reward.
alan, if you wish one of them is the hemp edition just add $8 more.
hey courtney, you get both straps. thank you for your support!
can i know how can i pledge for the hemp version while still keeping my previous request? do i change my rewards amount then send an email to you on my request for hemp version? thank you.
hello anze, can you provide the size info for 16oz mug? want to know if it's too long
the difference in standard size probably has to do with their manufacturing set up maybe the mold was a little cheaper or they had other problems with 12oz molds
thank you for having the 16oz sg:) keep it up guys!
hi, i'm afraid i had selected the wrong pledge, may i switch my pledge from the one with 1 goat mug with kickstarter logo ($50)  to the one that comes with 2 mugs(also $50)? thank you.
hi, i have the same question than darek, why is not a standar size 12oz 16oz and 20oz, u should reconsidered change the minimun size from 11.2 to 12oz is really mandatory. thank
hi, can i ask for the size specs of the grande? thank you
11.2 oz is 0.8 oz short of 12 oz, a standard size of starbux tall drink. why would you do that? has this been considered in product design?
is the hemp an option for early birds?
hi, if i've backed at $55 for the 2 mug set how much extra do i need to add for one of the mugs to be the hemp version?  thanks
i've backed the $50 for 2 mugs with 2 straps. do you get both the short and long strap with each mug?  thanks
chaz, you are correct, +$80 :)
hey calavarajoe! the price will remain the same for the 16 oz.
how much more is the distribution pledge for hemp version? +$80?
if the stretch goal makes it for the grande, will that be a different pledge level / price? just add $xx per cup to existing pledges? same price? any idea how that's going to work out?
hey laurie, sorry, you cannot pledge for two rewards, so you will have to add to the first pledge.
hey michael! we will only be sending out the marsala  and the hemp version as they are presented. the 16 oz will be available to you, yes. and you are welcome, it was our pleasure! :d
hey shahid, you will have to pledge a bit more if you would like to have the hemp version since you need to pledge $33 for it. thanks for your support!
tony, no, there will be no increase in the price.
katie, all mugs come with two straps :)
thanks julie, michael
hey jouven! it is going to be offered in marsala too if we reach our next sg. thank you for your kind words!
chaz, our next sg is a bit higher, let’s hope not too high. :)
nicholas, there is no difference really, when the early birds ran out we decided to add more to the package.
cynthia, bec refer to this email: distributor@goat-story.com and we can talk after the campaign is over. thank you for your interest and support!
tabbicatt, i think that our last update answered your question. :)
i'd like to add a third mug. is there a way to add or back the single mug, without changing my other pledge?
i paid $50 for the two horns with straps. can we select colors or styles (black vs. white vs. hemp)? will the 16oz be one we can choose with that backer bracket? thanks for coming up with this exceedingly cool mug!
i've pledged at the $50 for 2, will i still have the option for the hemp version as part of my 2?
will there be an increase in price for the 16 oz. version?
hi. the design is wonderful for sure! just wonder would there be a short strap for the hemp edition too ? or only have long strap? it is just perfect if it has both.
dang 350k :( talk about stretch goals.    i mean these are all some long stretches.  450k would be another color right?
great, would love to have the larger one - hope you make it! very exciting!
wow, 16oz. perfect size! only come with original 2 colour versions if new pledge goal is reached? would love to see this bigger "horn" in production. all the best!
anze - sorry. just sent you a direct question instead of commenting here. (my fault) 1-are they thermal horns? 2-i pledged for a perfect set. will each horn come with both straps? they will be for two people & i'd hate to see them fight over straps.
please set the next sg at 300k : )
pledge $25 or more 3134 backers goat mug with leather straps extra - early bird  due to great success of the first 150 early birds, we decided to offer you extra 150 pieces at the same price! + reusable and stylish packaging  + free us shipping estimated delivery: mar 2015 ships anywhere in the world select this reward you selected pledge $30 or more 599 backers goat mug with leather straps  for true coffee lovers  a perfect set: goat mug + leather strap. + reusable and stylish packaging  + free shipping estimated delivery: mar 2015 ships anywhere in the world hey, whats the difference between these two, apart from the price? thanks! nick
loving your product. how can we contact you about distributorship?
what are the chances of also offering a 16 oz version too. i'd love to use this as an all purpose canteen.
hi there, i am working at a coffee house in hk now and i am wonder that is there any chance that we can cooperate? may be the distributor? by the way, i had already backed for 2 mugs. :)
hi zheng, thank you for your support! it is allowed, yes, pledge an extra $25 for each additional mug with straps you wish to receive.
hey jared! thank you so much for your support!
hey chaz, we are preparing something special for the next one, i think that a lot of you will be pleased to see this one. :)
hey saivite, looks really nice! you should get some goat mugs for your coffee house. :)
hey spencer. no, the hemp edition is only offered as it is presented. hey poprock,  you can get the marsala colour for the same pledge.
hi, i have back for two cup. i am interested in buying three or even four. can you allow it?
this project got me to give amazon my two-month old "new" credit card number, so gratz! :-p  thanks!
we need another sg asap
:0) and one more potential vendor comes to mind, also in atlanta, ga, us: http://www.phoenixanddragon.com/ this is what some would call a 'new age' store, however, i can tell you, if coffee cups with leather straps that look like drinking horns were available here? they would sell like c r a z y!!  - plus any renaissance festivals, since i am getting a bit 'geek' here... :0) - lol -
hi guys - we have a coffee house in atlanta called dancing goats coffee house, they are batdorf and bronson coffee. they are also in washington state. they would be the p e r f e c t vendor for the goat mug. here's link for you: http://www.batdorfcoffee.com/   - check them out :0)
i'm confused! when picking color, will the 25$ backers be able to pick from black and white only? or will we be able to pick from all colors available?
by that i mean if i added $8 to my pledge
if i were to pay $58 could i select a hemp with a red?
hey randal, actually we are going to allow swapping colours, but only between the two original versions. marsala and hemp on the other side are offered only as presented.
hi russ, at this point we cannot share a combination of those two colours. sorry for any inconvenience. as kilo already mentioned the mugs were not meant to be mixed by colour, we only decided to do it, because so many were asking about it.
hey cassie! thank you so much for your support!
although the creator has already said no to the idea of a swapped color (too difficult to figure out how many to order was the reasoning...) may i suggest you buy 2 different ones and then swap them yourself?
hi anze, regarding color: black horn with brown leather? can you post a picture if this is a possible selection? thanks! (if it looks as good as i imagine, i'll probably be compelled to up my pledge and get two)
i've pledged $60 for a perfect set of two goat mugs and two leather straps. love your design!
hey jillian! the distributor pack that you can pledge to offers to engrave the same logo on all the mugs within that package. thank you for your interest!
hi anze, please could you let me know for personalised 10-pack, we can get 10 goat mugs with 10 different logos/quotes, or the 10 mugs have to be with the same logo? thanks!
alvin, i am so sorry for the confusion. you already explained the $33 pledge and yes, you will be choosing your favorite colour after the campaign is over.
hey kyle! it is true, we did not expect this to be such a success, but regardless of so many orders we still expect to be on time. the production of the mug will be going on through january and halfway throught february and we plan to start shipping them out before march 2015.
hey su jung kim, yes, you need to pledge $58 to get two mugs with leather straps and to cover for the shipment.
hey liz! the pledge is in us dollars.
hey alvin! after the campaign is over we will be sending out a survey where you will be able to choose your favorite colour.  hm, we see a $33 pledge next to your username, not $50. we love the hemp edition also :)
hey anze, it is always satisfying to see a great design being acknowledged and met with success. however, with this many pledges, do you expect any delays in the production or delivery? if i am not asking too much, is it possible to provide more clarity to your plan to deliver the reward? thanks!
i'm sorry . i want to change the pledge  $50 or more a perfect set of two goat mugs and two leather straps. only for trough coffee lovers! + reusable and stylish packaging  + free shipping x２ and $8 shipped to south korea is this properly done? ;-; and i want to have all the colors of the  perfect set ♥
@liz,     kickstarter usually converts money automatically for you when it charges you and gives you an estimate.
i just pledged $58 and i was wondering what currency the pledge will be in? (our australian dollar is quite weak and if it's us it'll actually be $70 for myself if converted) just curious.
i've pledged $50 + $8 shipping, just wondering if i'll get leather straps or not? if not may i change to the $50 one that comes with leather straps?
i've pledged $50 + $8 shipping, just wondering if i'll get leather straps or not? if not may i change to the $50 one that comes with leather straps?
hi, i've pledged $25 + $8 shipping of new early bird mug with leather straps, just wondering what color will i receive ? can i get the white one?
hi laura, the marsala edition will only be sent out as we presented it, with a white mug and marsala-coloured leather straps.
question: if i want the marsala leather color and you reach the $250,000 stretch goal, can i get the coffee colored mug?
hey jim! yes, you will be getting 1 goat mug with straps along with a specially designed t-shirt and a kickstarter logo engraved on the mug.
hey christina, thank you for your support! we agree, a larger size would be a logical step to take, but we wouldn’t want to be too hasty and make a design that wouldn’t be just as good as is it now. we are trying to make a larger version which would be just as stable and easy to hold in hand. if we manage to design it in a way that it would still be perfect, we will surely let you know!
jazz, you are actually right, the mug itself is of the same colour, it is the holder and the straps that adopted a new colour – marsala. we feel that it fits great to the white mug, wouldn’t you agree?
hey boardseat llc, thank you so much for the compliments. you should come visit! :)
hi, i've pledged $50 + $8 shipping, just wondering if i'll get leather straps or not? if not may i change to the $50 one that comes with leather straps?
i love the goat mug which is why i ordered two. however a more important question i have is when will you be making the mugs in larger sizes? working four tens or two weeks worth of twelve hour days make for a lot of coffee. will you be making a mountain goat addition for those men and women that need more than a mere 12 oz to get through the day? a 20 oz version will better keep us going on those long days with fewer interruptions. from fans up in alaska.
i have a question about the new color marsala.  even though you say that this is a new mug color, it looks like it's only the holder that is marsala colored.  the mug itself looks off-white with only a small piece on top that is marsala.  have i described this accurately, or am i missing something?
i don't drink coffee, but this is a cool idea and i love ljubljana.  greg
hi su jung kim, your current pledge will get you 2 limited edition goat mugs with leather straps and the kickstarter engraving, the reusable and stylish packaging and a specially designed t-shirt. hope you gonna love it all :)
hi~ : ) i've pledged $108 $50- two goat mugs and two leather straps  x 2 and $8 shipped to south korea done properly? >◇<
binglei, after the campaign is over you will be getting a survey where you will be able to choose your favorite colour. shawn, we will be selling the goat mugs online after the campaign is over.
hey nicholas, yes, if you double it, you get double the reward. but there is also a reward for $50 that gets you two mugs.
hey barinthus, there is no difference – let us explain: the original price was set to $30. we had a reward for our first 150 backers – the early bird reward, which was $25 for a mug with straps, but then we decided to give that same reward to more backers like you. cause you all are awesome. :)
hi nicolas. yes, the mug was designed so that it is stable when it is full or empty mounted on the holder. hey kyle, we feel that the goat mug is perfect the way it is designed, we are thinking about it but for now it is going to stay as big as it is.
hey ling, claudia! the rewards have changed a bit in our campaign, as it turns out we were unknowingly breaking a kickstarter rule which does not let us have a reward that consists of more than 10 items, so we put out new rewards. we kindly invite you to revisit our kickstarter campaign and pick out a reward that suits you best. we are sorry for the confusion.
i noticed the 50x distributor packs are gone. i'd been thinking about upgrading my pledge to this or the 30x one. will they be coming back or are they gone for good?
will you guys be offering add on ordering after the close of the ks for those who want to order more mugs?
any more thought around making a larger sized mug?  11 oz of coffee is good... but 20+ oz is better!
hi i am wondering how could i choose the color of my mug? is it just random or we got to choose it?
great idea! if i double my pledge is it possible to get two early bird mugs? thanks!
hi! what is the difference, if any, between the $25 and $30 pledges? they seem to both include 1 mug and both straps, am i missing something? thanks!
congrats on the project, just wondering, when full will it hold easily on a desk with the leather holder?? and i must be blind but i dont see how much the mug can contain?? thanks again for your good feedback!!
it's really a cool design!! i just love your idea. i would like to pledge 50 mug with 2 different logos.can i just plus the amount to 1530 ( 765x2 ) ?
hey nobuyasu! it was designed in a way that occurances like this don't happen. thanks for your interest!
looking forward to see your resaults. one thing i wonder that would the leather stand not fall off if you hold the strap?
hey malcolm! thanks for the compliments. it's the story and the thought-through design that make it so special. we are super glad you like it!
wow, i'm excited for this product! there's something about drinking coffee out of a goat's horn that just seems so tantalising! cheers, looking forward to the survey. :)
anne, the mug was designed in a way that it fits the standard cup holder in cars, but we cannot guarantee that it will fit into every cup holder. hi ben, thanks for your support and your kind words.
hey maevyn, you did it perfectly! jasmine, there are plans, hold on tight :)
lj, you get both straps. isn’t that neat? :) hey william. yes, you can choose the colour of the early bird also. after the campaign is over we will be sending out a survey where you will be able to choose your favorite colour combination.
hey walt, arthur! we are setting up a new sg but sadly it is not going to be a larger size for now.
thought i would pledge and join the ride. looks fantastic and i look forward to see this project progresses
love this idea, it looks really great! you guys have 8x of the original goal! is there really no other plans for other stretch goals?
@zenghzengh after the campaign is over the creators will send out a survey asking which color you'd prefer.
i pledged the extra early bird option 25$ can i choose the color of the mug? and also do i get the short leather strap or long? thanks.
i too would love a 20-24 oz. version as well for longer trips, or sharing. :-) will these only be available through this ks, or will they be made available for purchase later in 2015 as well?
on the extra early bird option 25$ do you get to choose the color of the mug?
hi, does it fit the cup holders in cars?
**rather a pledge of $53. total for two mugs with leather straps, shipped to canada.
hi, so i've pledged $53, to purchase 2: goat mug with leather straps extra - early bird due to great success of the first 150 early birds, we decided to offer you extra 150 pieces at the same price! + reusable and stylish packaging + free us shipping estimated delivery: mar 2015 ships anywhere in the world ...and i added $3, for shipping to canada.  is this properly done? thanks.
hey  i did the$50 and i was wondering which straps do we get? it didn't specify if we get the short one or the long one
i love the mug, my only hope for a sg would be a bigger size. i know it's an american thing.
gaimee the double wall version was not among the sg ideas yet. but we will be announcing a new sg in next couple days.
anna you can only select one reward, so as dario already mentioned, you should keep your $50 reward and just pledge $25 more for every extra mug.
shannon, lisa was right, the hot liquids will stay warm for up to 2 hours.
tjarko there is absolutely no worries you'll loose the holder. as you guessed it is a rubeer like material and it will stay on the mug.
do_dirty and kilo at this point we cannot share a combination of those two colours. sorry for any inconvenience. as kilo already mentioned the mugs were not meant to be mixed by colour, we only decided to do it, because so many were asking about it.
adamm, the mug is designed to be leak proof also when turned upside down. with the right handling the mug will stay like this (we'll include tips for mug maintenance).
@anna if you already pledged for 2, then just keep that pledge and add $25 (for a mug with straps). so keep that pledge but make your pledge amount $75.
hi ! hurray for your success ^^ i wanted to ask if you consider to make the goat mug holding the coffee hot longer than 2 hours as a sg ?
i love this. it is such an awesome design! i decided two just wasn't enough, so i added $30 to my $50 pledge. but it wouldn't let me also select the $30 reward. is there anything else i need to do?
@shannon, it should stay hot for 2 hours according to the replies from anze that i saw. however please correct me if i'm wrong :-)
this might already be on the comment thread, but i did not see it. how insulated is the horn? i live in an area where it's cold a good part of the year and i walk most everywhere. just trying to figure out how long liquid will stay hot. thanks!
hey first i'm really impressed by this mug... it's the first time im supporting a kickstarter-project and i really thought this is a thing worth trying. but i have a question that hopefully isn't asked yet becouse i didn't found it... how easily is the holder to remove becouse i dont want to lose it on the way... or is it a rubberlike material that holdes very good on the mug? thanks for now and sorry for my bad english (im not a nativespeeker)
@do_dirty +1 for mix & match consideration, but i guess anze will have headache estimating the order quantity to place as the project was not intended to allow that at the beginning =)
hey can you post a pic of a black mug with a brown sleeve/holder and guard?
apologies if this has already been asked, ive scanned through the last few comments (50 or so) and couldnt see anything... 100% leak proof -- to clarify, full of liquid, and tipped upside down will their be no leak as long as the cap is screwed on and the mouth cover firm? or is it just on the move, splashes wont come spill out, with the mouth cover on.. (not that i plan to drink coffee upside down, just occasionally accidents do happen)
hey kalla! we know exactly what you are talking about! as for your question - no, you don't have to add anything for shipping as you did so with the first mug. :) we can't wait for all of you to receive it!
after pledging the first early bird $25 ($27 including shipping) i have come to the realization that one goat mug is just not enough! so i added $50 to my pledge for 2 more, did i need to add extra for shipping?
zenki, no, sending to hong kong is sadly not free. hey tim, heheh, nice idea, we will keep it in mind ;)
hey kyle … we cannot say for sure at this stage, so we will have to get back to you with this one. hey g.f pipitone, we checked and you picked the right one – with straps. thank you for your support and compliments. :)
hi aisha! yes, you will be able to choose your favorite colour after the campaign is over – we will be sending out a survey where you will be able to mark down your wishes. :) carmen, after the campaign is over we will be sending out a survey where you will be able to select your favorite colour.
hi, i got the $25 second early bird special mug with strap, and was just wondering if i get to the choose the colour of the mug since it doesn't say? thank you :)
question + comment i backed you guys and choose the "goat mug with leather straps  extra - early bird" for $25 but i saw a lot of other rewards for the same price, is there any difference? i saw that some mentioned with leather straps but some didn't, hopefully i picked the right one (with them)! oh and you guys rock, this is such a cool thing to support, i'm glad i found it :')
hey anze! looking good even in the inside! thanks for the speedy response! i have another concern. for shipping, which company do you intend to use, say for canada? can i choose to have signed delivery?
you need to make a viking helmet to plug two of these mugs into!
send to hong kong is not free shipping??
is it possible to mix and match the color of the holders?
hey steven, allan! hold on tight for this one.:)
+1 to steven maier. i think we busted like 3-4 stretch goals too. haha. goat team, i hope u can keep giving us more surprises, all 4096 of us and counting :)
if the stretch goals were outlined from the start, we would probably have busted a ton of them already... you came up with a new colourway (which doesn't require a whole lot of additional funding in my experience) at almost 3x the initial goal. now we are at almost 7x the initial goal without any new stretch goals... you've guys got a big team, think faster! (or add stretch goals we retroactively already achieved... :p)
kyle, we would like to inform you that the picture of the inside is in the campaign itself, since we can't post photos in the comment section. hope you like it!
hey dj watkins, we suggest picking out a reward that consists of two mugs (and straps if you would like to have them) and just adding the $20 (or $25 if you want the straps included) to the pledge. hope that helps!
hi kyle, we will try out best to supply the photos of the inside.
beau, thanks for the idea, we will keep it in mind! hey colton, chaz, siddhesh … we’re thinking hard about it … ☺
walt, tell us about it, we’re totally excited! doltakorn, i knooow, we can’t wait to start sending them out!
can't wait to see it perfect!
cheers to all backers and all creators...! goat mug is the most popular product design project on earth
@chaz right you are...! @anze new stretch goals would be really nice. they would keep us backers waiting for more.
we should have achieved another sg by now
i adore the unique and clever design so much that it got me to join ks to pledge. but i am very curious about how it works. could you please show us the interior of the mug, or a cross section or it?
need new stretch goals.
i agree with lisa in that it would be nice to have a more natural colour option for the mug, if you were to ever think about doing another stretch goal it would certainly be a nice touch.
if i change my contribution total to cover two reward levels, can i get both? i want to get a mug for myself and two of my friends as well.
holy schnikes! well that escalated quickly.
ivan, you are right, in the future we will be a lot more careful. thank you for pointing it out and a big thank you for your support!
hey emma, thank you so much for the assistance :)
hey tse and liverping, after the campaign is over we will send out a survey where you will be able to choose the colour you love the most. thank you for your support!
yes, everyone has a choice. on all kickstarters, a survey goes out after the fundraising period has ended, and on this survey will be the colour option!
awesome! backed the project, can't wait to get my reward sometime in march or feb. good luck to you! i hope you guys really do decide to come out with a real goat-looking type of mug, a brownish one, maybe. rad.
@anze miklavec i understand that you didn't intend to offend anyone, and i wasn't saying you had malicious intent with your statement. the gender of the person making the statement does not change anything, as the statement is still busted regardless. i'm not trying to say you (collectively to all posting under the project creator's account) are bad people, simply that the statement you made wasn't a great choice of words and i wanted to bring it to your attention how it reinforces bad gender stereotypes.
hi, i have pledged for a mug with a strap. how can i choose the color? can i have a white one. thank u.
just bought one! love the story! may i ask when can i choose the color of the mug? =)  can't wait for it!
hey ivan, first of all thank you for your support. and i have to add that i didn't want to offend anyone, would it make any better if i told you that it was a girl posting that comment?
love the project and i've jumped on as a backer. i do feel compelled to point out that your comment:  https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/goat-mug/goat-mug-original-goat-story-crafted-into-a-coffee/comments… is pretty busted and a shitty gender stereotype... maybe think about this type of gendered statement before making it next time.
hey vicki! thank you for your support! when the campaign is done we will send out a survey where you will be able to choose your favorite colour.
i pledged for two goat mugs+straps! may i know whether i can choose to have one white and one marsala (if available) or two white goat mugs? i prefer whites! ;)
hey abmann, thank you for the kind words. yes, it is dishwasher safe, we wouldn't want our girl-backers ruining their nails while cleaning the goat mug. :)
i love the different color options as stretch goals. will this be dishwasher safe or hand wash only?
haha no problem anze i understand
luis, i am terribly sorry, i guess i started reading too fast with all the madness around here. please accept my apology!
i hope i'm not lisa
hey lisa, we are thinking hard about it, thanks for the support!
how about a bigger horn like 660ml or something 330ml is not enough holding capacity for me. i'll be using this for tea as i'm not a big coffee drinker.
hey mrdrinks, thank you for your support! and for the new stretch goal - we're still thinking about it, thank you for bringing it up :)
it's such a pleasure to be part of this ! what about a new stretch goal ? :d
hi li, thank you for support! we will try our best to make it work for you and we would like to ask you one thing: when the campaign is over we will send out a survey - if you would be so kind to make a note about this in the survey, so we don't forget it. thank you again!
hey anze, backed the distributor package, can i request you to declare the value as below usd 250 when shipping to my country? tax really hurts if it's above 250. thanks alot!
hey gunnar, tell us about it ... we feel just as frustrated as you, but you'll see, march will be here in no time :)
waiting until march is the hardest part.. i am looking forward to the mug, and may grab another one later..
hey lara, thanks a lot! we love the support you guys are showing us. enjoy the goat mug :)
cool! pledged for two goat mugs+straps. i've been looking for something like this. i love drinking horns, but they aren't really useful to keep your drink in or stay warm, so this will be really useful for me. best of luck with the rest of your campaign!
trilbech, you can put any logo on it, or words for that matter, welcome to join our distributor pack :)
hi sufflope, thanks for noticing, we really try to be upfront and honest with our backers since we don’t want to mislead anyone, we really believe in our product so we take as much time as needed to help all you kickstarters out there with your questions :)
hey john, first of – thank you for the pledge! we had no problems with drinking out of the cup when the holder was used as a stand, so we don’t think it will pose a problem for you neither. jeremy, well, it worked really well on a bicycle, the strap is firmly attached to the mug so we don’t really know how it could pose a problem :)
georgina, thanks for your thoughts, good idea, we’ll keep it in mind. nicholas, we’re very proud of you too :) and yeah, we’re keeping it in our minds with further development of the product.
hi romelia, yup, that’s correct, just add 25$ and let us know in the inbox that you did so, so we can put it on our special list where we keep the extra-pledgers :) cho, for $20 you get the mug with the holder, if you add $5 to that $20 you get the strap as well. hope that clears it up for you. oh, and shipping the product is scheduled for march 2015.
hey andrea, thanks for pointing it out – actually there is no difference, just that the early bird was meant to be limited but then we decided to make it unlimited so more of you could enjoy it. hope that clears it up :)
hey joshua, thanks for your thoughts, we’ll take them into consideration. thank you for pledging and showing it around, keep it up :) heheh laurasaurrus, we can baaa-rely hold it in also :)
can you hold the cup without the leather pouch/holder? i was wondering if it is in the holder on the desk can you pick it up and take a dip without burning you hand. love the mug by the way and i have pledged!
50 pieces of goat mug with logo personalization -- can i put any logo or words for this? i have joined distributors pack yet.
any chance that you will be doing a light brown cup? i like the lighter colours but i have my coffee black and it will inevitably stain it in the end (plus unsightly spillages down the sides)
$40 = two goat + tow leather strap ? and how long is this going to take shipping to korea? good design mug :)
thanks again anze for your answers and being so much active here, and open about your plans, or when you have none decided yet, which is better to know as backers than being told you perfectly control everything when you actually don't (and nobody can!). one more thing though: as someone tired to hear about coffee lovers because i don't drink much coffee, but plan to display my goat mug to my jealous colleagues everytime i'll drink tea, i must demand you consider tea lovers too! goat horn drinkers of the world, unite! (just joking about being offended, of course ;-))
i'm so glad that this exists, and i'm proud to say i've made my pledge. i know it's been brought up a couple of times now, but i just wanted to say that i think a larger size version would be a great stretch goal. i personally drink a lot of energy drinks which tend to come in 16 oz cans, so a larger volume would be amazing. thanks again for the amazing project!
how well would the strap work with a motorcycle as far as the coffee spilling? i have a co-worker that loves coffee but can't ride with coffee cups/mugs cause the spill.
just want to confirm, i pledged a two mug with straps option but want to pledge for one more, do i just add 25 dollar or i also need to add extra for shipping? thx
just to clarify (probably it is somewhere in the thread already but couldn't find it) what is the difference between the $25 early bird mug and strap and the $30 mug and strap (if any)?
i can baa-rly contain my excitement for this!
with seeing that we will be able to choose our own personal color combination, i feel as though the movable cap seal should be the same color as the sleeve for appearances sake. on another note, i really can not wait to get this item. i have been showing everyone this product and they all want one too. keep up the good work guys, i hope your business succeeds with future products.
hi alanson, you'll be able to choose colour combination at the end of campaign when we'll be sending everyone a survey about it.
sorry if it's already been asked, but will i be able to choose the black mug with a brown sleeve/holder and straps? thanks!
mariana, thank you so much! we love it just as much as you do! baaa! :)
oh. my. gosh. my level of excitement is through the roof for this mug. i don't even drink that much coffee, but i think imma start drinking more with this!!!! well done on this guys, all your hard work has paid off. design, and usability wise, this is one of the best projects i've seen. looking forward to more stretch goals!!! baa!
steven, thanks for the suggestion!
alex, thank you for your compliments on our goat mug. another user already pointed us in the direction of das horn - looks nice, right? :)
or maybe even a red copper style colorway? you know like those 'moscow mule' style copper mugs? my girlfriend told me to ask you guys, because then she would immediatly back it! :d have you guys also thought about the mixing of different colours? for example, the black horn with beige or marsala sleeve / lid etc?
really well executed. it is  original, and different, but there is another plastic horn that was on kickstarter two years ago. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1475586649/das-horn-the-definitive-drinking-horn have you guys seen it?
thanks for your suggestion koraykal!
really cool and handy, but i think that it would look even cooler if the mug itself was in a antique-looking colour, like a horn or something like that. do you consider offering more colour options, maybe as stretch goals, for the mug? (not the holder)
dear jean-christophe, we blushed a bit :) this community is something we could only dream of even a week ago. it is incredible. we feel like every new thing we do needs to be really awesome and we want to make the next strech goal done to perfection before we announce it. thanks for your patience and support!
thank you jenn :)
i can't stop checking in on this project. very well done! i can't believe how quickly you are approaching 100k! for the record, if the 20 oz stretch goal is a possibility then it would be the ultimate package. it would be great if you could put up your stretch goals now, too. it's always good fun and keeps all of us engaged (although you don't really need it - i checked your page 8 times yesterday).
cool!  :) best of luck with the rest of your campaign!
jenn thank you for your feedback. we'll see what we can do about the extra size of the mug, we're looking into that. we can't wait for you to try the goat mug yourself :)
i also think that a larger size would be a fantastic stretch goal if it's feasible.  i tend to drink a lot of coffee, and a 20 oz size would be more useful to me.  awesome idea regardless, and i look forward to bringing mine along to renaissance faires and sca events!
hi bonnie, mug + leather straps package means you get both straps (the short and the long) with each mug. so you're ok ;)
i chose the reward for 2 mugs with leather straps - it says 2 mugs with 2 straps - is that straps each, or 2 straps total? (like both parts, each) - is there a way (if it's total) to get additional straps? <3
the logo is going to be engraved on the mug, not in the mug, sorry for the mistake.
thanks for the support sufflope! yes, the logo will be engraved in the mug, and no, you won't be losing the goat logo on the holder. we love it as well :)
nice to read that, i'll choose this reward then… oh wait i already chose it! :-) one last question though: will the kickstarter logo be engraved in the mug (that's what i understand) or on the holder? i actually like the goat logo on the holder and would be sad to lose it!
hey sufflope, thank you for your interest. the $50 reward does include a strap, yes, in fact it includes both parts of the strap :)
hi, does the 50$ reward with the kickstarter logo and t-shirt also include a strap?
steven, we are totally thrown and excited about it! thank you all for your support, you have all been the g.o.a.t. (greatest of all time)
woowwww almost $30000 overnight!!! this thing is taking off!! can't wait to see the next stretch goals!
allan, aileen, zach - thank you all for your support and kind words. we are just as in love in the marsala goat mug as you are and now you can buy as many earlybirds as you like :)
melanie, you did the correct thing, thank you for re-reading the page and a great thanks for your support. baaaa to all of you! :)
hey romelia, kwun, domi, jessie! when we are finished with the campaign we are going to send out a survey where you will be able to choose the colour you love so much, so no worries, you'll be hearing from us before we go into production. thank you so much for you support!
black everything for me please!
yes i'm so excited you guys readded early birds! yayyyyy!!!!
i pledged for 2 mugs and now that i see that they added the marsala color i'm so oh no! seriously though i couldn't choose and now i'm having to say no to the original white so i can have marsala and my fave black one.  i'm hoping the survey they send out lets us choose colors and strap lengths. truly ingenious. i'm so excited for these mugs and will be checking back for stretch goals in case they do more super awesome things i need to update my backing amount!
the new marsala colour is nice. u guys nailed it, had to pledge for 1 more mug. thanks, and probably u guys need to come up with couple more stretch goals! since u guys are nailing it pretty fast and there's 24 more days to go :o
hello, i just backed this. how do we choose the colour of our mug? i didn't see that as an option.
hi again! i actually went and read your page properly and saw that you advised to purchase the 2 mug set then add on an additional amount of money for additional mugs. :) i have done this, please advise if i need to do anything else, many thanks. i've opted for the 2 mugs for 50$ and added an additional 25$ plus 4$ shipping to this for an additional mug (making 3 mugs plus straps), in total.
hi guys, just backed your pledge, i was wondering though - i ideally wanted to 'back' 3 mugs with leather straps but the page doesn't allow me to do this. is there anything i can do as the system doesn't allow me to 'back' it twice? please advise, this is the first time i have 'backed' anything on this website so i'm afraid to say that i am horrendously confused. many thanks. kind regards, melanie
by the way, i want the black one.
hey, when can i choose the colour of the mug? seems that at the time i backed the project through amazon.com, it didn't ask me to pick a colour.
love the new red, and how to get an extra mug with strap? just add an extra 25 per mug on top?
alexandria, nelli, chaz thank you guys for your support! we'll be surprising you with a new strech goal very soon ;)
hey ben, we promise we'll do our best to make the goat mug fit into your adrenalin filled lifestyle. na zdravje! (that's how we say it in slovene) ;)
we need another sg!
love this! just wish the marsala stretch goal (which you will obviously make!) were marsala on black instead of on white. for further stretch goals, more customizable color would be really cool!
oooh yes, i like the idea of a 20oz. horn as a stretch goal. especially since you guys are so far already! congrats btw! i'm so glad i saw this campaign on tumblr!
my only concern is that it could open in action when im jumping climbing running or that the leatherband couldnt resist the stress while wearing it around my chest.. it would be awesome if its something to rely on in dramatic fast pacing actionful moments.. prost! skal! saude! cheers! serefe! kampai! salute! nazdarovje! jámas! sante! kippis! ...
thank you luka & all the best to your project as well!
great product&team!
hey kelley! wow, thank you so much!! we couldn't imagine all the love and support we are receiving :)
you guys! i love everything about this project. everything. i am so glad i happened upon it! i love what you are doing!
hi liliana! thank you for your pledge. and don't worry about not getting the right colour, after we finish the campaign we will send out a survey where you will be able to choose the desired colour combination.
i just pledged! there was no place to chose your color option. i'd like mine in black please �
Žani, najlepša hvala za podporo! goat mug pride prav v vsaki situaciji, prepričani smo, da bosta oba s hčerko postala zadovoljna uporabnika. hvala še enkrat pa da bodo ribe dobro prijemale :)
super :) za moj ribolov in hčerin fax :)))
jonathan, that sounds excellent!! wish you plenty of caffeinated kilometres with your goat mug. thank you for your support!
donghee and boštjan, we're just as excited as you are! thank you for your support.
hi fei! thank you for your comment. the mug is made of bpa free polypropylene and it will keep your hot beverage warm for as long as two hours.
awesome!!! can't wait to get it :)
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaawesome
this mug is going to come in handy for my late night bycicle rides. can't wait
hi i love the design! can you please comment more on the mug material itself? for ex, is it heat resistance? thanks!
...and no problem about shouting, we love enthusiastic people!!! ;)
jazz we'll try to take care of that too ;)
oh, great!  with the addition of that gorgeous new color, now i need to buy three (3).  but there's no pledge level to accommodate a goat mug fanatic like me - we need a new pledge level to buy more!!!  ;-)   thank you (i'll stop shouting now...).
hi chihang, after we finish with campaign we'll be sending a survey to everyone and you will be able to choose your favourite colour then ;)
i have chosen the pledge $30 but i find that the description haven't mention the color. can i select the black one?
thank you emma and tamara!! we will be able to do it, if we reach $60,000. so you can help us achieve that with sharing our project and idea with your friends. let's do it together!
dear chuu mong, the holder will have a leather-like texture but it is not made of leather. the straps on the other hand will be made of leather.
yay!  you did it! just saw the stretched project and i love it! i would totally want that color instead of the other two.  will that be possible if you guys get to the stretched goal?
loving the stretch goal idea!
sorry if this was asked before, but is the horn sleeve/holder made of leather like the strap?  i love this design but i don't use leather
hi steven, thank you for your comments. we're working our best to organise this campaign so that everyone would be satisfied. we are trying to inform all our backers about what's going on with the project through our updates and it worked very well so far. we've set our goals modestly and we were cought by surprise to raise the money so quickly, and we figured you guys deserve much better options. we're working on it hard and you guys will hear from us shortly. best, goat team
also, with regard to the pledge levels, it doesn't really make sense anymore... reward no. 5 with 11 backers, the 25 usd for the goat mug without straps, is now redundant, as for the same amount those 11 backers could get the goat mug with straps... the same holds true for reward no. 6 with 48 backers, the 30 usd for a goat mug with straps, as those 48 backers could get it for 5 usd less. those two rewards levels should be cancelled in my opinion... i know it is backers own responsibility to check the updates and amend their pledges accordingly, but perhaps it would be wise to inform those backers individually to prevent any resentment later on... anyway, as said in my previous comment, can't wait to see what you come up with as stretch goals!!
awesome mugs guys!! really fun concept! with regard to the stretch goals, shouldn't you already have those lined up prior to start of the campaign? because at the moment you are at 35000, and if the stretch goal fund levels were up from the start, we might have already achieved one... now you will just add it as we go along, leaving backers a little bit in the dark... other than that i can't wait to see what more fun stuff you have in store for us!
hi xiaotian dong, thanks a lot for your support! we will do our best to offer goat mugs all over the world :) we will adapt the final price for the stores later on in the campaign. but definitely the kickstarter price is the best, cos we really appreciate our early supporters!
hi anze, i just orderd 30 peices mugs. i want to know if we can buy your project after the campaign and when we can see it in stores. will the price higher than now?
thanks for all your comments and suggestions for our stretch goals. we are working on it and will be informing you about it tomorrow, hope you guys will love our idea :) have a great rest of the weekend!
any chance of a larger mug.? say 20 oz..can hardly wait for my 2 horns..great idea
congrats on meeting the $25k mark. any stretch goals that u guys have in mind?
gorgeous mugs!!! more color options for the shaped holder would be an awesome stretch goal!
su jung kim, you can check your package at any time by clicking the "manage your order" button next to the video. if you're having any troubles please let us know.
greg, eric and villagiraffe thanks for your suggestions! we'll think about it :)
i ordered the $ 50. $ 25 re- ordered . i am an idiot . ;ㅅ; i'm worried that receive a $ 25 product .
i agree the 20oz idea, too. congrats to reach the goal :d
agreed, i l'd like a 20oz horn.
stretch goal idea - 20oz horn!
hi daniel, the lid is made of high quality material so it should serve you well for a really long time.
how durable is the hook spot on the lid?
thanks for your idea jeremy, we'll give it a tought :) as for the car situation, the goat mug works well with most cup holders but since all car brands have so many different shapes and sizes of cup holders it's hard to promise it will fit in 100% all of them, but we can say most of them will do ok.
any chance for a 24oz limited edition kickstarter green? once you reach the funding goal would be fine as well. how well does the goat mug work in an auto? i'm thinking about the cup holder.
thank you, anze :)
hi emma, today we announced that the $25 extra early bird package is now available in unlimited quantity, and that one includes the goat mug + holder + straps. so we would suggest choosing that one :)
hi thibault, we'll wait until the end of campaign to start the production becuase we need the funds to make the production start. we'll inform our backers about every stage through our updates. thank you for your support!
i just want to be certain, does the normal (not early bird) $25 pledge include the straps? the level itself says it does, but the table further down the page says only $30 and above includes them.
will production start early when you reach the $25,000 or will you wait until the kickstarter campaign ends?
hey josh, let us know what kind of combination you'd prefer. and yes, all mugs come with the sleeve. thanks for asking that and making it more clear.
hi moonok, you can add $20 to your pledge for every extra goat mug (or $25 for goat mug with straps) and let us know how many goat mugs you'd like so we can mark it down. hope i made it cleare enough, otherwise please get in touch again.
hi chris, originally we're not offering the combination of different colours, but we might make an exception if you write to us. please let us know what kind of preferences you have and we'll try our best.
what a fantastic mug! so pumped! getting one for me and one as a gift! i agree, is it possible to get a black mug with a tan leather sleeve? also, just clarifying, all mugs come with a leather sleeve right? the straps are extra? mahalo from hawaii!
i want to buy four tumblers and straps . how do i buy?
love this fellas! question is can we get a black goat mug with a tan leather sleeve ??
hi soojin yun, you will be able to choose colours of your goat mug as soon as the campaign is over and we'll send you a survey with that question :) thank you for supporting us! and you should also be thanking these guys for design http://www.desnahemisfera.si/ thanks again!
hi, i have a question. if i make a pledge for two goat mugs, do they come in one white and one black, or can i choose to have two white or two blacks also? by the way, these are so awesome. thanks for designing these beautiful mugs!
thanks anze!
hi dominic teo, the goat mug holds 330ml or 11.2 oz of coffee.
hi! just wondering how much coffee can it hold?
thank you monika for your support :)
go, team, go! :) mugs are looking amazing. impatiently waiting for mine to come! :)
siddhesh, we received your message in our inbox and replied there. hope you find our answer ok.
thibault, we're so ecited for you guys to try the goat mug by yourself and fall in love with it :)
hello! just wanted to know why are the shipping charges for the early birds ($8) different from those for all other backers ($4)...?  thanks
looks so cool! can't wait for mine to arrive :d
ricque we love both colours too! after the campaign is over we'll be sending you a form where you'll be able to choose which colour of goat mug you'd wish to receive. hope you can decide which one you like better by then ;)
tamara, that's a great suggestion! we're already thinking of trying out this option.
just wondering if there's a way to know what color mug we'll get after choosing the $25 early bird option! i honestly love the black mug more although i do like the white one as well.
love the idea! :d a version if the "color of the year" would be also great (this year it is hot chocolate with red undertones).
hi heather, thank you so much! if you love dogs, you should see the cute image of our friend's poodle cuddling with her stuffed goat this morning :) https://www.facebook.com/903445306347408/photos/a.906222919402980.1073741831.903445306347408/909789165713022/…
matt and elizabeth, please see the message bellow that i sent to chaz. i'm asking again for your kind understanding. we are really working hard on making this the best possible offer for our backers cos we know you guys deserve it!
daniel houghtaling, due to its shape double wall is not possible to make, but we crafted the mug in such a way it can keep hot liquids warm for as long as two hours. the mug will be 100% leak proof. thank you for your support!
hi chaz, we are sorry for this misunderstanding. it was actually our typo in the rewards section. we are working hard on creating extra present for everyone - to justify extra costs and say sorry. hope you guys can understand that.
i love this idea! looking forward to using this on dog walks.
hey why does it state free shipping when  its not? i got charged for shipping.
hi, i just backed the $25 pledge with free shipping and i still got charged $8 extra for shipping costs.
any chance of a double wall, vacuum insulated goat?  love the design, in for one!
in the faq, it stated free shipping inside the u.s but i was charged $2 for shipping
thank you ziva for supporting us! we can't wait to start producing them and sending them out to our backers.
can't wait to receive the mugs! thanks for making them.
thank you marko for your support!
amazing product! keep them comin'
