anxiously awaiting the arrival of my lilytrotters!!!
boooo.....i had hoped to have gotten the 2 pair of socks i ordered...had tried them out and chosen to order gifts for my runner friends for christmas ....ugh this isn't going to happen....any news.
erin - we just sent out an update on 11/6.  if you need further clarification or have any other questions, please do not hesitate to email info@lilytrotters.com.  thanks for your support of lily trotters!
it's been almost a month since our last update. any news?
not happy about the 3+ month wait. wish i hadn't done this. lots of $$$, lots of time and nothing! sox box here i come.
sarah- we suggest you choose a s/m as your shoe size and your height fit within those specifications. the socks will stretch. when selecting size, we suggest you go with the size with which you have the most in common.
i'm 5'5", size 8/8.5 shoe, and a calf measurement of 16.5" at the widest point.  i picked l/xl- does that sound right? if we get them and the size is wrong, are we able to send them in for an exchange?
holly- we cannot share anyone's contact information. let's hope ellen sees your comment here and responds. our best guess for you is the s/m given your height and calf size. hope that helps. thanks for supporting lily trotters!
hi - can someone get me in touch with ellen? i am also size 9.5 shoe, 5'4", and 15" calf. i'd love to hear how the pair she won fits! i'm worried that the s/m would be too tight to get on comfortably and the l/xl would be too long. i currently wear cep size iv and they're difficult to get on.
william-  wow. we love this!  (pssssst. we currently have five men as part of 'the secret society of men who wear lily trotters'... you can be the sixth!). and, we do plan to launch a men's line next. so- welcome to the flock!
okay, went ahead and pledged and will assume/hope/wish/pray that there'll be a size that fits men! if not then they'll be a great christmas gift for somebody...
karon- the size chart is guidelines provided by our manufacturer. it's hard to answer your question definitively- but take into account your shoe size, height and calf size and make the best selection. it's a lot like choosing hosiery, where will you fit best. if you are not super tall, the sock is stretchy and should give more on the width. hope that helps.
ellen- you will be able to upgrade your pledge level when campaign ends. we will be making some clear updates as campaign closes with more information, thanks!
will the l/xl support an 19 inch calf?
these look awesome...i can't wait to try them and show all my friends.
ellen- we will get back to you about upgrading your pledge level after kickstarter ends- we honestly don't know and will find out. : ) regarding the size- if you get the pair you won (congratulations!) before our campaign ends, you will know what to order. the samples we had were all s/m. if you like the way the sample fits (worked great for over 95% of our prototype testers), then order the s/m. we will be back in touch about t the other. thanks so much for supporting lily trotters!
just found out i won a pair of lily trotters!  if i love them as much as i hope i will, is there a chance to upgrade my pledge level after the kickstarter ends?  i know other projects for products have allowed that, not sure how this one is set up. i'm borderline on the size chart so i hesitate to order too many without trying a pair first.  i've got a 9.5 shoe size, 15 in calf, and am 5'4" so i worry about the smaller size mashing my toes (sensitive toes and prone to ingrown nails) vs the larger size being too long.
hi joanna, medical grade compression socks generally have at least 20 mmhg of compressoin but our socks deliver only 15-20 mmhg so are not considered medical grade. i'd ask your doctor what is the best level of compression for you. i hope this helps and regardless, we appreciate your support!
i actually use compression stockings for edema of the legs, ankles and feet due to a medical condition.  usually, i get a prescription and my insurance pays.  i don't mind paying out of pocket, and i've donated to your campaign to get 3 pairs.  my question is this…. are these medical grade?  are they the same as what i get at my medical pharmacy?  i don't see anything mentioned about medical reasons for using the socks, and most photos are of healthy youngish athletes.
elizabeth- we had a tester who is 5'3", size 8 shoe and a 17" calf. she tried both sizes and while both actually worked for her, she decided that the l/xl worked best for her. given that she is 2 inches taller than you- and with a wider calf- you may be better with the s/m. tough call. you just don't want compression socks coming up over the knees if too long. if you order the l/xl, be sure to place the top of the sock just under your knee and smooth any wrinkles down towards the ankle to evenly distribute the compression. hope that helps!
i do have a question about the sizing -- i wear size 8 shoe and am 5'1" ... but have freakishly ginormous calves that measure 16 1/2" (according to my desk ruler). if i order the l/xl, will the heel corner be totally off for me? or do i order the s/m and go for the extra-compression in the calf-area?
julie- thank you so much for pledging. rest assured- you haven't missed anything. we will be sending you a kickstarter survey when the campaign ends. at that point you can tell us which styles and colors you want, etc. thanks again for supporting lily trotters!
i'm new to this kickstarter thing. i made a pledge, am i supposed to be able to order the socks that i want now? or will we be notified when we can place an order? my facebook feed is filled with posts to order now but i have not seen where to order. i just want to make sure i am not missing something. thanks!
thank you! these are so cute. looking forward to experiencing the magic of compression in something actually *made* to look good :)
i've been working on my feet a whole lot lately, and compression socks really seem to help but they're so thick and ugly! i can't wait to get these, they're so cute and will fit in my dressier work shoes too!
these are absolutely amazing! as a runner and frequent traveler i have been waiting for something cute to wear with all my outfits.  thank you!!!!
@susan - thanks! i'm 5'5", so i will go with the s/m. i hate having socks that are too big in the foot with the heel bunching; i just want to be sure to accommodate my wide calves. i'm looking forward to the socks - they're adorable!
@nicole, you should fit the s/m with that size foot -- most women do -- unless you are also tall (say, 5'6" and above). in that instance, the l/xl would work well. there is a sizing chart on our kickstarter description, as well, if you'd like more information or just a general reference guide. thanks for reaching out!
so excited that these are finally available to all! my friends better get on the ball or they're going to miss out!
i'm worried about sizes; i have a smallish foot (size 7) and a very muscular calf (17+ inches).  can these socks work for me?
thanks for your support, sheryl!  : )
super excited for you!!!! congrats!!! this is fantastic!! oxs
thanks, betsy- our goal has always been to make a great product: in both design and performance, that will help women live better and look good while doing so. : )
this is the most exciting launch ever!  your product is going to change the lives of so many women.
thanks, kim!
i cannot wait, pledge placed and believing you will reach 100% funding needed! love the design and story!
thanks, ladies. we are so psyched!
wow.....you are on fire!!!!! i am so happy for you and super excited to get my lily trotters!!!!
i can't wait to get mine!
i was lucky enough to get to trial a pair of lily trotters on an 8-hour flight from the u.s. to scandinavia. lifesaver!!! my pledge is placed -- can't wait to own more!
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
