had all the "grownups" in the family  try these and they were a hit! congrats and good luck!
thank you for my veggie-go's!  they were great.
just got mine today :) waiting for them to cool down a bit in the fridge before i try one. looking forward to it
got my order yesterday and had the spinach berries apples sweet potatoes this morning...soooo good! will be buying more of these for sure. thanks so much!
got my order today. so excited to try them.
you two are so refreshing in your commercial video.  i loved the "storm ending"......what a hoot!!! what's on the horizon for new flavors.  i love your flavors but i  think it's time to add some new choices to keep your customers interested and excited.  how about a refreshing cucumber mint?  or a tomato lemon, or soy ginger, avocado guacamole, .......  keep up the great work........linda zlotoff
hi guys!! congratulations on you veggie-go's !!! what a great idea! do you think you might get them out for retail in the miami fl area... ??? i know it's a long shot.. but i thought i would ask =d.
congrats!! so happy for you guys! stay positive and believe in your product!
we can't wait for you to try them either julie!  there is no better lunchbox snack out there!
i'm looking forward to trying these with my kids.  we're always looking for interesting things to pack in lunchboxes.
it's one strip, typically about 3in by 10 in folded over.
how many veggie-go's are in a pack?
thanks ben!  hope you are doing well!
so cool, john. best of luck in the future. very exciting to see someone doing something a bit different and adventurous.
how exciting is this!  sooooo close.....you two rock! caryl
these look really good, i can't wait to try them so i'm in for $25.  best of luck to you both.
i see that... i trust that you guys clean stuff down... and now i vote for: lemon  poppyseed  daikon radish  sweet potato! :-)
hi julia, we do not use peanuts for anything but we do put pecans on the sweet potato pie flavor and the equipment is shared.
i'm a little bit scared about having nuts in the kitchen at all and hope you will never have peanuts there. hoping to up my pledge... have to check the budget! :-)
thanks so much for your support melissa!  hope you are enjoying your new job!
woo! way to go you two!!! i'm so happy for you and can't wait to try the new stuff!!
best of luck to you guys. i can't wait to try your snacks, something i am sure the kids would love as well :-)
we can't wait for you to try them either!
i just pledged the $25 after watching the video.  what a great idea!  i look forward to trying out veggie-go's.  great job!
