metal box news?
any metal box news?
@nic,  i sent you a message, with tracking. thanks
i never received anything for backing this early on.. i have all my emails and receipts.  where are my decks?
hi jeff, any info about my limited edition signed and numbered forever stainless steel deck of playing cards ? because i´m still missing it . i have written you several times, but there is no proper answer until now. could you please send me any information ?  thx tobias
any news on the metal boxes, still haven't received mine yet, love my deck though.
metal boxes have been reproduced and are on their way to our warehouse now. i'll be sending the new ones out as soon as i have them . thanks!
when we receive the metal box ?
any update on the metal boxes?
hi jeff,  i haven´t received my deck until now, could you please check if it was sended because i didnt recived any tracking number as well, please could you give me some info.  thanks best regards me
angel, see your personal message thanks
i have not received any tracking number for my decks, please could you give me some info. thanks
eric and chris, i sent you both tracking numbers on your messages. thanks
hi there, i'm from canada and haven't received my order yet.  any idea when these might ship? let me know, thanks!!
hey jeff,   i still have yet to receive my order and wondering if there could have been a problem with my order.  please contact me for my order details.  thanks - eric
michael, i sent you a personal message on how to proceed. we take care of all of our backers but we need your help as well. thank you
hi jeff i haven't heard from you and it's been about a week now.  what is taking so long?  why don't you just send me the products i ordered... the original package was definitely not taped and i took photos of it as soon as it arrived and it was empty (because it was light in weight i suspected something was not right).  to me this is urgent and i hope you will understand why (especially since i had to wait so long from the original order).  please get back to me urgently.  thanks - michael
jeff, thank you so much for sorting this out! #bestcustomerservice headed over to your active project to support!
la reno, sent you a message
hi jeff, sent you a message directly on here as well but haven't heard back, i didn't receive my rewards and was wondering if some were still in transit?
hi @jeff - thanks. i was going to see the quality and probably order extra from your spares.  so the sooner i get them the better.  once i do will probably also order from your next project as well.  thanks - michael.
europe here, received mine today. amazing quality, stainless steel really feels massive
@michael kipnis: we are working with the post office to get it squared away. we'll get you your cards. i'll send. personal messeag
@andrew golubiewski: we should have the new metal boxes december 3rd, we ship them as soon as we get them.
can we get a more specific update on the metal boxes. i know you said they never arrived and you're having them remade. is there an estimated time frame on that? i see the metal boxes are being offered again in your next campaign. is our order already in? will we be getting ours first? i'd much appreciate a higher level of detail concerning these.
jeff after waiting for so long to get the shipment i received an empty box from you with no cards... sent you an email two days ago and have not heard back yet.  i need your urgent help here. thanks
thanks les!
haven't seen anything in the comments about the new campaign, so in case anyone missed the update.. https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/2117858045/metal-playing-cards-titanium-brassand-copper has almost reached its funding goal in the first couple days!
all set and delivered. thank you.
i'm also lacking tracking info, thanks in advance as well
@ adrian, check your messages thanks
hi jeff, i didn't receive any tracking info either. thanks in advance.
all arrived here, and they are truly amazing. actually the colour of the copper on the pictures on here do not do these metal cards justice.
...and thank you very much for giving it to me.
wow! that was the fastest answer ever!!
maxime, in another campaign.
@jeff will you release the carbon fiber deck (in another campain, as a stretch goal...)?
tom, i sent you tracking
tom, let me look into it. thanks
sorry to leave comments on top of personal messages, but i'm feeling left in the dark here. i got a partial delivery, but a deck of metal cards, and 4 loose metal aces have still not arrived. is there a tracking number or anything for what's yet to come: the most expensive part of my pledge?
@ christopher please see your message box
did not receive a tracking number either.
@alex t check you personal message
@v.g.  let me look into it.
tracking nr please
hai jeff, i did receive a tracking number from homerun games if that the one you sent.. but its going to a whole different country now.. !! (where i was previously)
thanks jeff
@tormentermanazombie1979: i sent you tracking on your personal messages
mine arrived in the uk today. very pleased with them. thanks!
hi jeff, i never got a tracking number, can you resend please.
guys, sorry for some reason my email wasn't updating me on these comments.:( i just got all of them in a clump. all orders have been shipped. i sent individual tracking to you. thanks again!!!
hey jeff......               can u plz update us with what is going on...??? its been 15 days since the last update...haven't received any confirmation email yet either
i wish there were.... or some word from jeff.
no cards yet in germany
hey jeff, i sent you a pm but hadn't heard back. please check and let me know. thanks!
no cards yet in canada :(
cards arrived today, all in all they are pretty cool but i'm still a bit dissapointed. all the cards have scratches on them, i don't know if that's a result of working with steel or not but many of them also have dints and they are easily bendable. i expected them to be in better condition and more sturdy. also the individual wrapping was a major pain in the ass
just received my steel deck and this is an awesome piece of work! wow!
wow...just got back from my mailbox. the metal deck is, to use a cliche, is beautiful! it would be great to use for curls. watch for the sticker in the box, almost threw mine away. i have a rather high number for my metal deck, trying to decide on opening or not. i did get two "magic finish" copper and stainless decks, i have eithe one or both of these.
i got my decks today.  they look great!  thanks.
any metal poker chips left?
hey jeff, looking forward to receiving the cards! do you have any info on shipping confirmation numbers/is that something we should be receiving?
paul, it is a lot of work to put all the rewards together, sort add ons, and package each one so that nothing gets damaged. we are working as fast as we can.
jeff you are shipping for 4 weeks now, saying you have 4 people to do it. what is the problem here? and why can't you give an estimate when its done?
@jim i'm in british columbia canada still haven't received an email or confirmation from jeff as per a few posts below.
same here like jonas...haven't received yet and was curious about timeframe for shipping since i'm just "up the road" from you all in id. :)
are we gonna get a confirmation of the shipment, or will it just be a surprise? to the people who recieved their decks, where are you from in the world?
got mine today. they are excellent. i love these cards and will probably blindly buy whatever you offer next.
just getting the package and feeling the heft, i knew this was going to be a great unboxing. they are sooo shiney... looking forward to the next project! thank you!~
i haven't recieved any shippment confirmation email yet
hi jeff..can you plz get me some information if my stuff has been shipped yet or not...would be really appreciated
i received mine today, i am very happy with the cards
thank you very much :)
i'm also wondering. seems people have been actually receiving decks since at least the thirteenth, so i'm curious about the situation and when i might should expect mine.
how far through shipments are you percentage wise?
cody, yes, sorry i'll look at the shipping matrix and message you.
received my deck in the mail yesterday, it looks fantastic. a bit nervous to take them out of the plastic.
jeff can i at least get some kind of acknowledgement that my order has been sent or what's going on? you've been skipping over my comments and answering others.
jeff i havnt received mine.. can you please double check if you sent mine..
a post like that is always good when it is doubled up :)
damn phone, sorry for the double post lol.
got my decks in the mail yesterday, absolutely stunning! extra singles in protective sleeves was a nice touch, thank you. quality packaging is very appreciated! to all those still waiting, it is worth the patience...these decks will blow your mind! can't wait for the next project to launch, i'm definitely in! well done jeff.
got my decks in the mail yesterday, absolutely stunning! extra singles in protective sleeves was a nice touch, thank you. quality packaging is very appreciated! to all those still waiting, it is worth the patience...these decks will blow your mind! can't wait for the next project to launch, i'm definitely in! well done jeff.
all these packaged being recieved and i'm sitting here wondering if i'm the only one left to receive mine? still no email.
how many packages are gone out yet?
received my deck today. i can't begin to tell you how beautiful they are. i didn't want to open it because the box is gorgeous! the coins, chips everything is perfect. whatever else you have planned, i'm in for sure. if only all the other projects i backed for kickstarter came out like this, i would be one very satisfied backer!!!!
no emails yet, no cards :(
i received a shipped email with a tracking link when my cards were mailed out.
so, i'm glad you guys are working hard packing the decks. however, i was wondering if us backers that haven't got the cards yet will ever get a tracking code?
got my cards. they are brilliant.
got mine today as well. they look absolutely fantastic. kind of want to take them out of the covers, but not sure how easily they'll scratch.
mine arrived today as well.  they actually came packaged with my pledge from the triplicate campaign!  the etching on the 4 copper cards i got is lighter than i expected but, they still look pretty cool.  thanks!
got my cards today really happy and really wasn't expecting them today. but while i did get all the stretch goals, may i ask if the metal tin is coming separately or is it just gone?
jon & cody, i'll post some pics tomorrow. thanks
same here, i was hoping for at least an update or two of how the shipments were coming along. some pictures would be nice.
no emails to me, no confirmation of shipment yet.
so close, can't wait! is anyone getting tracking email? i keep checking my junk folder lol. glad you're using usps, i've had negative experiences with ups...
@jeff  when should we receive the decks (speaking as an international backer)?
k thanks
michael,  they will be usps
can i ask how will they be shipping cause i got a missed delivery notice by usps for a delivery from schneider electric and this is the only package that me and my family is expecting.
rad,  yes, we are working through them
so rewards have been shipped?
they are here..... these things have some heft to them.  the box was nice and heavy.  each deck feels like a true brick.  shiny, beautiful and perfect.  the coins, boxes, and cards came out great.
have they been shipped out yet? super excited to find out
today is tuesday next week, so how are you shipping? and how long should it take?
cleared!! should be on truck tomorrow latest wednesday. i'll update when i know it's on the truck for sure.
have they cleared customs yet?
i have to unexpectedly move. i already have a change of address set to take effect next wednesday, but i would like to make sure everything is sent to the new address...how do i go about giving you the new address?  (it won't be the end of the world if they're sent to the old address as they'll be forwarded)  thanks!
still pretty excited to get these in my hands! (and on my bike) glad to hear they're shipping soon, i may be moving in a couple months.
a question: what value are you putting on the customs form for europe?
@andrew golubiewski: the date to be released from customs in california is tuesday the 19th. we would then have them to start shipping friday
release date? are we still in customs? or are they being released from the shipping company? i thought they were already headed to you via shipping as of last update.
@jonas and stefan, i'm going to do another update today. i received confirmation that the release date for us to get the cards is the 19th, we're almost there. believe me i can't wait to get them shipped out.
i hope you are not screwing over all these excited backers for their decks. i hope you can update us soon because it has been a while...
any further updates? been 2 weeks since the last one :)
hey jeff....just to confirm that i have sent you couple of messages to confirm the new delivery address....also an update would be really appreciated
decks in hand? how are you shipping?
any chance there is an update on when the cards are shipping out? it has been a month since your last update stating that the cards should arrive at your facility during the week of july 6th.
any news?
soo? :-)
another 2 weeks gone by. any news? still waiting on getting the decks? decks in your hands? decks in the mail to us? last we heard "items should be in our facility by next week sometime."
jeff, when will we able to get decks?
so what's the word? been a while since we hear about the metal decks. still in that hurry up and wait phase?
please check update today. thanks
they said it will be shipped until the end of may, but no updates at all.
any recent news?
@andrew, thanks so much. the next project will be titanium. we are working on other metals and i will let all of you know first before anyone what is coming next.
bryan, your ears are burning. i am putting an update together.
it's past the 26th so has shipping started? a update would be nice.
that said; if you ever decide you can/will do silver/gold plated, sterling silver, solid silver/gold please, please, please, give ample enough notice that i might put away enough to add those to my metal card collection.
i'm gonna come clean here... i check this kickstarter page every day... not much happens, but i check every day. i check or new comments, new comments on the updates, new updates... anything new. i'm into a few kickstarters right now. forget those; i'm really ecstatic to get these. just going off the original backer video alone i'll probably back the next one. are they in the mail yet? yes? no? soon? i wanna show these off already! :) opening line: "this will probably be the most expensive deck of cards you will ever handle." good lord i want these yesterday!!!
whats the status? :) has the delivery started?
what delivery service are you going to be using? usps, ups, or fedex? i only ask because i am moving here in two weeks, and if it is usps then it will just get forwarded, otherwise i need to figure out a new address to get these sent to.
can we buy any additional of the limited edition decks now?
update coming in a few minutes :)
how's it coming? is the delivery date still looking do-able?  haven't seen an update in a bit.
hi jeff. how are things? are you still in time for may delivery? and are still bear packs left? all the best.
while my own rule of thumb is always to expect some kickstarter fulfillment delay, this is the one project i truely hope has none. can't wait to get these!
dan, we are finishing packaging for the metal decks and well into printing on the bicycle decks. i'll send an update with pictures next time i have something exciting to show you. thanks
any updates?
nice to see it's all coming together. 3 months seems so far away, can't wait to hold them!
@anthony meter: going well, i'll put out an update tomorrow
just checking in on the progress...... ;)
is it may yet?
@les kiesman: right now i haven't figured out how to make the titanium because the same machinery can't be used.
i was only guess-timating by comparison of a sheet of stainless @ $100 vs. same dimension grade 2 ti (99%) @$350, and considered a possible longer tooling process. honestly i have no idea what costs are involved, only speculation on my behalf.
whos gonna pay 400...for ti ti isnt that much more expensive then steel i buy titanium parts for motorcycle which compare to alloy 7075 cnc and price is x2-x3 at most with brand name...
@les kiesman: i'm working on some cool stuff i'll be releasing some images as it progresses
yeah that would be pretty awesome. i'm envisioning a similar combo project, maybe titanium and brass? jeff?? hehe a deck in c260 brass would probably be around the $100-150 mark, but a grade 2 titanium i'm guessing more like $350-400... the metal density could make for a longer tooling process. i'll start saving now, let me know when the project launches! =p
heard around that there were titanium ..... now that sound cool!!!!!
did i hear titanium?  now that sounds like fun!
les, thanks for your help. still have about 50 outstanding surveys hopefully we get them done this weekend:)
if you haven't got your survey be sure to check your junk/spam folder. reply asap so we can maintain the shipping date!
dang, i need to start saving up some for those. that's going to be a pretty penny but also a breathtaking deck.
yep, dying to see the titanium that's some high dollar steel tho
@minh cao: yes, we are working on it :)
congrats jeff... have you consider titanium playing cards? the carbon fibre cards are a hit on another creator... you can be the 1st with titanium deck...
les, your bike is going to look wicked awesome with those on your bike.
done. i hope i filled it out correctly. now the waiting game, c'mon springtime!
just got home from work, thank you everyone who helped make this project a success! guess i have a form to go fill out now, ~100 days till i can shuffle me some steel! xd oh and the poker hands i'm going to make into side covers for my bike =)
@dustyn crawford: yes, all metal decks will have the 2 piece boxes
so do we get the 2 piece box also?
@daniel dorn: yes, no need to add freebies to survey. thanks!
i forgot to add my "freebies" to the kickstarter survey.  will they still be included? fyi, sticker and double-backed single copper card.
congrats everyone!  glad we reached the $50k stretch goal!  cant wait to get my hands on these!
woohoo! made it! stretched it!
congrats on getting funded jeff, what a great campaign, and you were amazing with all he addons and extras you put together to get us over the 50k, very well deserved.
that's all she wrote. thank you all so much!!! 50k we made it!
@steven sullivan: i have a message into support. if they don't fix it i will figure out a paypal option after
i'm having the same problem. can't up my pledge.
@jared kolbly: i don't know try logging out then back in and try it again. thanks
why can't i up my pledge? i do everything, but then clicking the confirm button does nothing. i've never had that happen before.
woo! congratulations!
upped as well. btw, shouldn't the bear and eagle switch places in the quartered crest? since the eagle is a copper deck and the bear a steel deck and all, not the other way around.
congrats on 50k!
50k to the dollar!
thanks tormentedlexellzombie1979!!
need to keep going just incase people fall out... keep going, keep pushing, i ended up upgrading from the $65 dollar pledge to the $265 pledge.. can't wait for the mixed select of metal decks.
made it! wow!
$50k! congratulations!
we made the $50k!
jeff, if you want help pushing us over $50k, how about adding all of the #2 decks for $600 and the #3 decks for $400 and so on. might get a few people to up their pledge.
$ 885 to go for the next goal.. all hands on the decks to push it there..
bam! gone! that was quick lol xd
went for the triple metal pack and added some singles. just over 2k and 12 hrs to go! opened up a $65 =)
i added 3 metal boxes and some dealer markers to mine. figured any amount would bring us closer to the 50k.
heh ninja'd by the boss =p
@seamus- i asked jeff a couple days ago about post-project purchases. he said he would offer a paypal option, but my request was  regarding left over metal decks.
seamus, i don't know what method i will use to do that, but i will figure out something. i am going to do the old traditional kickstarter survey. i will figure out something for extra add ons.
will there be an opportunity to add the metal cases after the campaign?
and added two metal holders for my cards. now to wait until may (or longer) to be able to actually hold them.
@john catron: you are correct
@ jeff -- i added $118 to my pledge amount to get 50 of the metal poker chips and 2 deck boxes. is this the correct way to do that? or is there some way to change my 'pledge' to include those poker chips and deck boxes.
kevin the 50k stretch boxes are cardboard, with foil inside. the metal box that is an add on will hold the deck and the box
what is the $50k stretch goal box made of?  i see it's foul lined.  i like the metal a lot but i hope reach $50k and that box looks awesome.
bumped my order up to $80 for a box, looking forward to these!
nice, stretch goal 2 achieved! free double back copper card!
it's looking good, those people who just "starred" it and were debating and riding the fence over buying are going to start coming in.
my wife actually approved of me getting a couple of these decks. i look forward to the day i get to hold these in my hands.  i hope the last 38 hours are fruitful, an get us to 50k.
congrats to whoever scooped up the #1's!! good score!
aaron, please check the $265 pledge. thanks
ohhh... #1 is gone! someone is lucky!
is there a way to lower the $260 pledge because we are getting all three? can there be some sort of discount or benefit. i feel it would help reach the stretch goal and i would personally have more incentive to buy. otherwise i could just get each one separately.
i'm with you there les.
2 days and 8k to go for the 2 piece box stretch goal. tell your friends, let's make this happen! 48 hr reminder will go out soon, hopefully that brings an influx of backers who may have been sitting on the fence =) nice #1 package, i'll be surprised if that doesn't get scooped up.
zachary, most likely hold onto them. although i think i am combining them for one pledge soon
hey jeff, if no one goes for the reward with the #1 decks will you send them out randomly with the rest of the decks, keep them yourself, or send them to the backers with the largest contributions?
arron, i may change it to one pledge.
@aaron- the #1 decks have been offered as the top 3 tiers, pretty good value for the extras that are included. i wish i could afford them!
is there a way to get number one of everything? bear, forever, brilliant..
@dustyn crawford: the decks will all ship together
about the shipping of these, will they all be shipped at the same time or will you ship each order individually after each is printed, signed etc?
@kyle your question looks like the same one i had about the bicycle decks. those decks are, without question, paper decks. i would imagine they are colored similar to real stainless steel or copper depending on the deck. they are not the metal cards, though they come with a certificate to show them as part of jeff's campaign if you will, and if i'm not mistaken as for the finish, linen vs. magic, i had a bit of trouble with that research. taken from http://aethercards.com/discourse/playing-card-plethora/the-best-finish-and-stock-876/ this is what helped me understand better: "uspc's magic finish...called "performance coating" because they feel it sounds classier, and the forthcoming white arrco decks from blue crown will be called "premium finish" even though this is also the same stuff - again, they thought it was classier." and as you can see in the later subjective ranking of finishes, linen is second to the magic, so their both high quality.
been away a couple days, i see there's new top tiers. man i wish i had 1500, i'd take all 3! just can't swing that right now =( looking for ideas on singles/hands. what is everyone going for? i saw a few comments, the iconic ace of spades/jokers/king or queen of hearts/poker hands like aces&8's(dead man's hand?) i'm thinking of getting a jack and four 5's to make an awesome 29 crib board =d maybe a couple cards for side engine covers on my bike (ace of spades? joker?)
these look amazing. it would be nice to see a pic of a full deck of the metal cards.
to those on the fence, the bicycle (paper) decks will be using metallic inks (you can google examples of what a uspcc metallic ink looks like on a printed card).  jeff confirmed the metallic inks when i asked him via pm.
@kyle morgan: the bicycle decks are paper not metal. the forever stainless deck is real stainless steel, the completely copper deck is real copper. hope that answers your question.
the "forever stainless" deck is a deck of solid stainless steel playing cards. they have a brushed finish and are treated afterwards. so, no; they aren't paper cards they are solid metal.
so, i am a bit confused on the stainless steel bicycle deck. is it just a printed card where the "magic finish" makes it look metallic, is it a printed card that is coated in metal, or is it something else?
@les kiesman: yep
@les kiesman: yep
omg it just hit me... i always wondered about your hand drawn avatar... is that actually your likeness etched on stainless??
@dustyn crawford: let's hit it and not look back. we'll cross that bridge later :)
it's looking promising though!
(future concern) if funding doesn't reach stretch goal 50k will there be any way to get the 2 piece box for an add-on price?
@les kiesman: that is correct just for the metal decks. thanks les
@michael- update 12 says the 2 piece box was added for the metal decks, so i think it only applies to the 300/300/300
when it says: $50,000: custom 2 piece box for the limited decks. does that mean just the decks that are limited to 300, or also the decks that are limited to 2500? because, if it is for all the decks, perhaps we could have a stretch goal sooner for just the 900 metal decks.
@les kiesman: there are 5 different jokers. sorry it is too difficult to print them with different backs. so they are available for add on deck specific.
how many different jokers are there, 5? 6? could we order single jokers with the back of our choice? i'd like them all for the deck i plan to play with. if this is hard/confusing and the answer is no, so be it. i may just go with the triple pack and add an extra bear deck to 'abuse', plus some singles lol. can't wait till you create a titanium deck, man that should have quite a price tag on it... i'll need a second job!
i think splitting the top tiers into #1/#2 may have been a mistake, the true collector with that kind of scratch would have to buy them both... i think it would have been better to have one tier "be #1" or w/e, and have all #1 decks/sheets solely for that pledge of x,xxx amount. #1 holds a status, #2 may as well be #17 or #287 who cares lol... but the #1 is, the first and awesome-est =p
@seth-well since you can only claim one reward tier per account, it's assumed that when ordering the add on hand you've already invested into the project and get a 'discount' for the singles =)
one thing that seemed strange to me while placing my order was that getting the reward tier for a hand of 5 metal cards costs more than simply getting them as add ons.  like getting a stainless card add on is $2.50 per, making a hand $12.50, but the reward tier to get the same is $16. anyways, still great deals regardless for these awesome looking decks!
les, you are correct.
so the bear deck has the balancing bear and the joker with the flute from the home page?
dustyn, new limited stainless steel deck. 300 printed.
is the bear a completely different deck or is it just the joker that is different?
that's awesome david, i wish i was that good at poker lol. the cards just don't turn how i want them to.
i mentioned these cards to a pro-poker player.  it will be interesting to see if these join his collection.
woot!
woot!
stretch goal 1: accomplished!
i got the stainless also, i thought the copper were really nice but i'm just a steel type of person. growing up i've been around machinery and not much copper is ever used around here and i just like steel. it has so many possibilities, i've always wanted a steel card set and now i can finally get this deck that was before only in my thoughts.
@brett & dustyn: i chose the stainless steel over the copper, not for price, but the finish just "felt" better. looking at the video, which was after i pledged, i was further impressed by the way the cards sounded as they fell to the table. the copper most likely will be worth more, at least for my grandchildren, but i don't regret the stainless steel.
those new pledges are beautiful but gosh the money, if i had it. it'd be money well spent.
@aaron froug: they are 100% copper and steel
@les i agree with you on that! the 2 piece is really nice!
thanks jeff! can't wait to get these:)! one more question: does completely copper (also stainless steal) mean the card is 100% copper or are there other materials? as in 14k gold vs 24k. i don't know much about copper or stainless streak. thank you!
metal box looks so sweet!!
i really like the 2 piece box, nice work! onward to 50k! gogogo!
aaron, i'll definitely give all my backers an incentive on future products. my goal is too sell all metal decks to kickstarter. the stainless decks will be sold out for sure. we'll see what happens with the copper. thanks so much for your pledge!
hey jeff, i just backed both the copper and silver for $190. if i wanted to get my best friend the cards too but don't have the money right now, what would you say the retail value of these cards will be once this is off of kickstarter, and do kickstarter backers get any discount for your future products? thank you!
come on everyone! help get the stretch goals. see if we can make it to the $50,000!
lol i need to be finding more money if you're making more decks
@alexander shvarts: both symbols are derived from bohemia, the czech crest. i plant to do more decks with other symbols from around europe.
just a bit of curiosity: what is the origin of the eagle on the back of the copper deck? it looks most similar to a polish eagle but the tail is off.
@jeremiah lorrig: 12, 6 of each of the bicycle decks. they all come with a metal certificate of authenticity
how many decks are in a brick?
@deon collins: it cost more because of shipping. when it gets to 100 the weight is what makes it more. thanks
why does it cost more to buy 100 chips ($205), then 2x50 chips (2x$100)? (no int shipping)
congrats everyone......
@brett i agree with you there, i thought the copper would actually get more than the stainless.
congratulations on funding. i was curious and went through the pledge levels. a bit surprised at how much more popular the ss metal deck is over the copper metal: for ss - 220 decks pledged for and 45 allocated to pledge levels; for copper - 80 decks pledged and 95 allocated to pledge levels when i looked. i know there is a price difference for the single deck pledges, but are the copper metal cards really that unattractive! :)
congrats on funding! can't wait to get my deck!
woohoo! 14 days to go, lets hit some stretch goals!! =)
funded! congratulations!
@les each deck will include 2 jokers and 2 gaf cards
@alan and justin, the slide hand method will work the best as they will not give when there is a stack.
@justin-i plan on using the "slide hand shuffle" methods, i'm afraid bridging them might bend them. i'm sure they'll hold up.
i was wondering...update 2 refers to '56 card deck' for add ons, so does each deck already have all 4 jokers pictured in update 3? happy new year!
@les kiesman: love it!
i got the combo pack and fully intend to play the hell outta the stainless deck =p
that's quite a question, but i would highly recommend to shuffle these in another manner other than bridging them. since these are playing cards of limited edition i wouldn't expect to get much play out of them, seems more of a display item. but i am not going to try to direct you of how to do things. i really don't expect him to post an update about the durability of these cards.
how much force would it take to break one of the stainless steel cards by bridging it? i could see in the video that they don't bend a lot, which is to be expected.  but could i expect a man of average strength to be able to snap these in half easily?
thanks!
@tormentedlexellzombie1979: thank you for the help:)
@dustyn you add the amount onto the pledge you want to give, you just adjust the value of the pledge not the pledge itself, so click "manage pledge" and then update the value of what you. then at the end of the ks campaign a survey will be set around asking you want addons you want, that is when you get to say what addons you have paid for.
you just updated about the metal chip, how do we get this?
kevin, yes they are bicycle cards with uspcc magic finish.
so they are just normal bicycle cards with you designs on them?
@kevin eide: kevin, magic finish is bicycle's linen finish
sorry if this a repeat question, but what exactly is a linen finish versus a magic finish?  tx!  great project, i got the stainless cards but thinking of other finishes as add ons but what is the difference?  thanks
@rajat, for extra stainless cards it is $2.50 each. just add the dollar amount of the extras you would like to your pledge. there will be a place on the survey to tell me which extra metal cards you ordered.  thank you!
thanks for the reply jeff....how can i order extra jokers for stainless steel deck...can't see any option..
@rajat gulati: the metal cards weigh twice as much
hi jeff...just wanted to know why the international delivery charge for 1 deck of stainless steel cards is $15 whereas for $27 pledge(where backer gets 2 decks of cards) you are only charging $8 for delivery...your answer would me much appreciated..thanks
not only the ink but also the metal finish. does the rubbing will create scratches on the metal? if this is the case, the cards will become marked quickly. really, i don't think it will be a problem, but just want to be sure. so the idea of a scratch test. also, a video of how we can effectively mix the cards would be appreciated. thanks. once again, wondeful project.
kickstart, they are etched so it is imbedded into the metal. i'll see what i can come up with and let you know.
absolutely wonderful video, thanks. really can't wait. looks amazing. still have little worries about the durability of the ink and the metal finish, with the constant rubbing metal on metal while playing. can you tell us a bit more about that, like a scratch test or someting else? but cards look really amazing. beautiful and unique. i even think of adding another set!
prank call... yes the only difference is that it is signed and numbered.
looks like the finish is different. $27 is 2 decks in 'linen' and $35 is 1 deck in 'magic'. i'm guessing linen is a matte, and magic will be more like a glossy?
is there any difference between the stainless steel cards in the $27 and the $35 pledge? is the only difference is that one is signed?
cards look amazing...can't wait...best of luck jeff
pretty good vid, glad you showed the flexibility of the cards... can't wait to get mine!!
thanks for the video jeff, the cards look amazing!
@jeff thanks. the video will be very appreciated. wonderfull project.
kickstart, the metal cards can definitely be used to play with. i just commented to alan, "i don't know if they would be my first choice of cards to let a granddaughter play with." however, if they were playing with you that should be fine.  the cards are etched and inked, so the ink will be very durable. i am posting a picture of the samples in the update today. i will be doing a video with the cards next week. please send me a personal message of everything you want and i can help you figure shipping.
great idea. just want to understand well. the metal cards (forever stainless and completely copper) are usable to play or only collectors item? they are too rigid to shuffle, but are they completly rigid or they have enough flexibility to play with them? also, can you tell us a bit more on the process used for the ink on metal, to be sure that the ink will be resistant? finally, if i want all four desks, shipping to canada: pledge $190 + shipping $15 for the 2 metal, + $27 for the 2 paper. do i need to add another $8 for shipping?
that's too bad. if i had more money, i'd buy a second metal deck to play with, shuffling with the "hand slide" method. i have taken your suggestion and got the linen deck. too good looking to pass up! hope you make your stretch goal as well!
les,  the cards are etched out with a machine, then treated, and polished. i'll be posting the final samples in the next few days.
alan,  i would suggest you get a extra bicycle deck for your granddaughters to play with, as the forever stainless is a rare deck and a collectors item.
i'm in for a deck of the forever stainless steel. on the odd chance that one of the cards gets damaged (i have young granddaughters...) will there be a way to purchase replacements? or do think they'll actually hold up "forever"?
great party cards. spilled drink? no problem! are the cards stamped or laser cut from the sheet? can you give us some insight into the process you plan to use?
i'll put some jokers out in the next update :)
@ jeff so no pictures of the jokers in update 2, when will we be able to see them? deon
getting real close to 50% awesome!
almost 50% of the way too target.. amazing..
love the project, thank you. i ordered copper/ss combo, i'd like extra jokers for them. didn't see them in update 2, can you please post a rendition of the joker art you plan to use?
deon, i am releasing the clubs in the next update. with one of the jokers. i am thinking about offering an add on for single cards. i will post the info later.
@ jeff i would have thought a random card would have been pretty fun.  i was just wondering if you have a design for the joker?  do you have a picture (digitally rendered onto a card or otherwise). thanks,  deon
disoriented...., i am going to make an option to add a single card. i am going to ask the backers collectively which one they would like to see. thank you.
i'm going to voice my support in for both unsigned decks as well as separate loose cards. the authenticity card isn't bad, but i'd much rather have an actual card. good luck on the rest of your campaign!
andrew, thanks for your question. i will post something on the main page as well. a typical playing card is 0.25mm - 0.27mm thick. the limited boxes will be a little thicker than bicycle decks.
i ask because i don't know where the .03mm thickness stands in relation to a typical deck.
are the solid metal cards thicker than traditional cards? i see you've commented on their rigidity effecting traditional shuffling, but the limited edition box looks to be the same size as the bicycle box.
@jeff thanks for the help.
tlz1979, yes it is. thank you
@jeff thanks so i have backed at $109 1 x forever stainless + 1 x brilliant copper deck + 1 x premium bicycle stainless deck; + delivery to the uk. hope that is correct
tormentedlexellzombie1979, the shipping included in you pledge works for those decks. thanks
how much delivery do i need to add for 1 x forever stainless + 1 x brilliant copper deck + 1 x premium bicycle stainless deck; is it $15 or more? thanks in advance
yes, the card back will be on it.
jeff, thanks -- i missed that the certificate of authenticity is actually metal! does it happen to come with the card back design also printed on it? if so that'll be perfect.
nancie k, i will look into it. it does come with the copper certification card. but i will look into doing another loose card option. thanks
john, no there is not another option for the metal cards. thanks
any chance of adding a tier for each metal for a limited, signed paper deck with one random metal card? i'd love to get just one copper card, but i can't justify pledging for an entire copper deck.
is there a non-limited metal deck? personally, i'm not especially interested in signed, numbered sealed, hologram-ed, re-sealed, etc. i just want a deck of indestructible metal cards for playing with :).
makes sense, thanks jeff.  good luck with the campaign!
james, you are correct, it is because they are actual metal cards and not printed by uspcc.
finally, someone is making stainless steel playing cards!  i've been waiting for this one :-) quick question - so the actual stainless steel cards come with the "limited edition box" as opposed to the "bicycle" box, correct?  any reason why we cant get a bicycle branded box?  is it because they aren't true playing cards since they are metal rather than paper?
