our response time on this comments page can be a bit slow (we don't seem to always get the proper alerts when someone posts). feel free to send us a... direct message via kickstarter (we seem to get all of those alerts) or... email us directly at ken@magickacardgame.com. if you have e-mailed and not received a response within 1 or 2 days please send it again - our website was hacked several weeks back and emails sent during the time the site was down never got to us. :( i blame the arcane imps! ;-) ken
hey, @scar3crow! looks like you also fell victim to the fulfillment demons (and not the fun card game type!). sent you a direct message about this. will take care of right away!!! ken
hey, @john pm chappell! you're in a special category as one of our original playtesters! we are putting together our thank you gifts now and will send one off to you shortly! thanks for your patience and your playtesting!!! ;-) ken
i still haven't received a summoner spree add-on pack...
what happened to the physical boxes?  i did finally receive my cards, but there was supposed to be a nice box to put them and the rules in.
hey, @robbert moore! sure! go right ahead and stream. thanks so much for asking! ken
hey, @scar3crow! we planned on sending it last week, but got distracted with preparations for orccon and some other - potentially - cool stuff. we will try to send all the goofed up orders out today. if not, tuesday next week. sorry for the delay. ken
i still have not received a summoner spree add-on pack; has it been sent?
@ethan (10y old) & ken (old) erickson  would it be alright if me and some friends streamed the tabletopia version of magicka
hey, @mary post! i'm not sure i understand your question. :( i will message you to see if we can answer it. ken
hey, @captaindju! we have had some similar feedback from others - mostly in sweden, uk and germany. i'll add belgium to the list. :( we wanted to be way above board by clearly indicating that it's 'merchandise' according to kickstarter's rules. however, we have more recently learned that backing a kickstarter campaign can also be considered a 'donation' of sorts for shipping purposes only. it's appears to be a gray area - lots of disagreement, but it seems very silly to me to pay more for customs than the actual cost of the game! the uk issue was related to a royal post fee. is that the case with belgium? that fee seems way too high for just customs. thanks! we will be in paris in march and plan to visit belgium. perhaps i can gift you an add-on or two in exchange for your recommendation for a great restaurant! ;-) ken
hi team erickson! i've got good news and bad news and thought i'd share with you :-) the good news is that my package arrived in belgium, so i'm happy about that, however the problem i had is that it's over 25$ and the package was not flagged as a gift, so i had to pay import taxes on it. belgium being a bit greedy on the import taxes i had to pay an extra 25,61€ (~27$), so with the international shipping it brings me to a total of 55$ for just the base game :-( for future reference when sending to belgium (and i assume to most european countries) please indicate that it is a gift to avoid such an issue :) looking forward to playing your game!
ah okay i read back over that update and it is clearer now.  given that we didn't raise enough to make the coop mode then i will assume the dragon (if included) will be in the general card deck.  thanks so much for all the work you guys are doing to make this game great and thanks for the clarification!
hey, @mary post! sadly, the 'unleash the dragon' stretch goal was not reached. :( the stretch goal was actually a complete physical raid add-on deck. we still plan to make it, but we need to sell a few units before we can can fund the artwork for it. we will  be giving this to all backers in digital form when it is released. there is a card in your deck that says "free bonus". if you register your email at the address you will be emailed the raid when it is done. we will also offer at a crazy deal for the physical version to backers only. we actually created the boss monster - a troll mage in 4 different forms (for the 4 phases of the raid). arcane armor, lightning sword, fire fist and life amulet. if you would like i can send you (or anyone that requests via message) the images. they look amazing. also, feel free to share any suggestions on how you would like the raid to play. we would be happy to incorporate any of your ideas! the instructions are included on cards within the game. however, the cards are small. if you would like an easier to read version, you can download the pdf here: http://www.magickacardgame.com/howtoplay you can also watch tutorial videos on our website at: http://www.magickacardgame.com (look for video tutorials menu at the top) we will be adding more videos in the future. we have had requests for gameplay videos. i hope that answers your questions. ken
also, do we print out the rules online?
hey guys, i was just wondering where we can get our kickstarter exclusive dragon card that you guys unlocked for us (and maybe there was also a spider?)  or was that not a physical card?
ha! i spelled 'no' as 'know'. ken
hey, @tiff! you should start worrying now! ;-) no worries. we'll "worry" with you and make it all good! under know circumstances do i want to become enemies with anyone that is a fan of mayhem! i'll message you the tracking info. that's a good place to start. we had three shipments arrive in the last two days (1 uk and 2 germany). so stuff is still just now making it to their destinations. ken
when should i worry that i haven't received it yet?
that is so great, your lordship (@lordketos)!!! ;-) the steam keys are locked away in a vault in sweden (which is currently covered in a thick layer snow and ice causing the keepers of the keys to move a little slower than usual). ;-) we should be releasing them relatively soon. not sure whether you will get an email directly from paradox or if you will receive an email from backerkit. ooooh! i just had an idea! how about a magicka backer-only tournament with prizes (add-ons, box sets, etc.)?!? that would be fun! watch out, though. ethan and i might win all the prizes! ha! ken
no way, @thorlight! that's really cool! i smell upgrade for the next version! ;-) ken
hey, @scot! we have not yet done a full gameplay video. however, we will be releasing our next surprise very soon that will make the creation of gameplay videos much easier. we wanted to drop the surprise a couple weeks ago, but these silly fulfillment house errors and a couple lost shipments ended up distracting us. very soon, now! ken
hey, @marknordlund! i just messaged you. there was an issue with your address (perhaps it got mayhem-ified?!?). ;-) i'll send it out right away once you respond to my message. thanks so much for your support! ken
picked up som really nice and cheap glass beeds as tokens for this game for like 10 bucks a couple of days ago. a clear white one for health tracker, a light yellow for shield. a light blue for indicating wet targets and a dark blue for frozen targets. works great ;-)
i have not received the order yet.  have they been shipped yet?
i watched all the tutorials but i can't find any videos of anyone playing the game (either spellmagedon or spell vs spell).  is there a gameplay video?
had the chance to play italien a coupe of times already.... and...... it's mayhemilicious!!!! nice work... just another question while i try to not get bitten by this fuzzy bunny thing in front of me: are the keys for the pc version already out and i was to stupid to see it ?
as for the rules carification, @thorlight: that's a great question! we have been playing with the area of effect affecting all opponents - wizards and summoned creatures. technically, the card states "wizard(s)" and, therefore, should only affect wizards. we just happen to agree before play that we will defer to the most liberal mayhem-inducing effects. if you like more mayhem them have it affect everyone (you could even have it affect the casting wizard if you're really cruel!). if you want a more strategic game, go with the exact wording on the card. does that help? ken
thanks, @thorlight, for that insight. and, from all us project creators, thanks for supporting so many projects! we currently have 2 backers that had orders leave frankfurt on december 26th, but no further info. that was more than 2 weeks ago! do you think it will still get to their destinations? or did the presence of two magicka mayhem games on the same plane cause a tear between dimensions?!? ;-) ken
hey, @daniel scot! glad you got it! ken
hey, @scar3crow! you already have! ;-) sorry about that! you are now about #15 on the list of 'messed up orders caused by our fulfillment house'! honestly, the error rate is still hovering around 1%, so i guess i can't get too bent out of shape. will send early next week (trying to clump shipments so i'm not going to the post office every day). also, if there is any additional import duties just email me at ken@magickacardgame.com with a pic of the duties and we'll refund those to you. thanks for your support! ken
also: ethan and ken: i have a rule clarification i need help with. alot of cards have aoe effects area of effect that can if u whanto hit all wizards when playing with 3+ players. however on the cards it states wizard/wizards. so does this include there summoned manifistations also or do u in fact hafto target them specifiktly?
hmm maybe i can sheed some light on some of the shipping issues. since i have backed alot of games :p and bought alot of games on the side of kickstarer (i know its like cheating on youre wife) but what the hey not everything is kickstarter founded now is it. sometimes u just se when a game leaves its origin country and there is no information at all past the point of shipping from that country. exampel: bought potion explotion a long while back from the us. shipping said shipped on the 26:th or whatever. looked at tracking after a week and same deal, no change at all. still just said 26:th and shipped from us. game arrived the day after boom! no additional information what so ever. this has happened to be as recent as today when 2 games just arrived out of the blue, so there u go.
received mine this morning after paying the £12.36 uk customs and handling fees, many thanks!
my package arrived yesterday in northern australia, but i'm missing the summoner spree add-on pack. who should i contact?
hey, @jared! great news (or, at least, really good!). hope you enjoy! thanks for doing some gumshoe work for us! ;-) ken
oh, no, @pietro greppi! your wizards were last seen eating pizza and drinking wine in milan, italy on december 26th, but there is no further info from the shipping company. :( why does italian food and culture have to be so tempting!!! ;-) all kidding aside (which is rare for us!), it look like your shipment might be "lost in the mail". however, one order to austria just arrived today. therefore, let's wait until next week. if it's still missing by then, we'll expedite a new order out to you. fortunately, we have had very few reports of missing shipments (about a dozen wrong shipments, but very few missing). i'll message you the tracking number. contact me next week if it doesn't arrive. hopefully, your wizards will just arrive a little late - just with full bellies and massive headaches! ;-) ken
ha! @lordketos!!! i just looked up your tracking info and it looks like it was delivered today!!! wow, that took a long time! i'll message you the tracking number. cheers! ken
thanks for looking this up for me, everyone! yes, that's what i also found in my research. there is an 8 pound 'handling charge' in addition to the customs fees in the uk. however, the uk is not the only one. we have been receiving reports (about 6 so far) of 50% or more customs fees for orders going to sweden. included in the fees is import duties (because it is coming from outside the eu), vat (value added tax) and 'other' taxes (which doesn't seem to be defined or specified in the total fee. sweden: http://www.tullverket.se/en/business/importinggoodstoswedenfromcountriesoutsidetheeu.4.230c8d84122d2a4008e80006078.html uk: https://personal.help.royalmail.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/143/~/when-you-have-a-fee-to-pay-grey-card. i have discussed this with a few other project creators. the only option that i have seen that is even reasonably feasible would be to send all products destined for eu countries to a single clearing house (with a lesser customs duty and vat because you can exclude the shipping amount that was collected on kickstarter) and then have a fulfillment house mail out from within the eu to the other eu countries. this has the added benefit of possibly costing less with shipping of individual shipments. we will very much consider doing this next time. however, we had such a horrible time with the fulfillment house right here in our own backyard! i can only imagine how scary it would be to trust a fulfillment house on the other side of the world!!! i hope that helps. what's that saying about "death and taxes"? ;-) ken
hey, @ungwe_lianti, i think we're all good! thanks for letting me know. if it isn't 100% by the end of this week, let me know! ken
sorry for the delay in responding (looks like it's been about 4 days). responding now!
got it today and i'm unboxing while writing.... sadly i had to pay ~31€ in taxes.... ��
i got the wrong delivery with import charges, you sent another one which also came with import charges. sent a private message, please read.
hey, i live in italy and i'm a bit worried because the game hasn't arrived yet... can you give me the tracking information or say something? thanks, i can't wait to play the game!
hey... since some of you already got your games i was wondering how the delivery toll austria looks like? i know it's holidays and so on but maybe i can get my tracking information too? looking forward to unleash the mayhem next weekend when some friends visit....
jared beat me to it. was just about to reply again. spoke to a friend who works for royal mail and he told me that there is an £8 handling fee. so the figure unfortunately seems right :(
royal mail charge £8 handling fee...its £4.36 for the vat.
just to add to my previous comment, i had a look on the uk customs website and it says you pay vat on anything valued over £15 (the game alone isn't) but it also says it includes postage costs. so therefore it should be subject to tax. but £12.36 can't be right as there is no way that is 20% of $27??
i picked mine up today, unfortunately it was being held by customs, so i had to pay an extra £12.36 to get it. thought that was quite steep! but i noticed the value of goods was set to $27 which was wrong as that includes international postage of $12. i didn't realise properly until afterwards. maybe worth noting that for any future endeavours. i've backed a few us card games and this is the first time i had to pay a charge for customs.
got mine today in the uk, looks great! (i'll email you the customs picture though) :(
indeed i can, @lee chalmers! i'll message you the tracking number. ken
hi. have been on holiday other side of world for three weeks and not back in ireland till sunday. are you able to tell me where it is at moment.?
nice! we're getting close to finding homes for all the wizards (not just the ones with charming personalities and wealthy parents!). ;-) ken
got mine today thx
woohoo, @frederik fregginia! that is halfway around the globe from here! why haven't you opened it?!? are you scared?!? ;-) ken
oh, man, @jack thomas. add it to the list of snafus caused by our fulfillment knuckleheads (though we are partly to blame for not catching that). please email me a picture of the vat / customs fee at ken@magickacardgame.com. i will send all the mistakes into the fulfillment house and see if we can get you refunded back to the proper amount (this also applies to anyone that was overcharged customs or vat). thanks so much for your support! we will make it right somehow! we will always have our backers 'back' (heck, i'm a chiropractor, after all!). ;-) ken
got mine in singapore..... have not got the time to open
hey, justin! the tracking number shows that delivery was attempted and that the item is being held. do you live near the incorrect address? i'm guessing you can pick it up from post office if you can show proof of you living at the old address and / or provide identification. i will message your tracking numbers and my phone number so the post office can contact me directly if they have any questions. worst case: they return it back to us and we send you out another. no worries. we'll make sure you get your shipment!!! ken
omg... i just realized my address is incorrect on my shipping form, will i still get it?
urgh, bitten by the customs fairy. delivery charge included in the total price on the customs declaration, effectively adding 50% on. i am disappoint.
hey, @eirini g.! so awesome to hear! good to know the irish delivery sprites are on the job! they haven't always been the biggest fans of wizards. ;-) ken
got mine in ireland yesterday! we tried it and it is very fun to play!
ha! funny auto-correct, "mallorca". just messaged you. it's close (the uk)! ken
i'm on it, @matthew mallorca!!! will message you. ken
hi, i haven't received mine in scotland yet, can you send me tracking details please?
you are much too observant for your own good, @robert moore (if that is your real name)! ;-) we are working on a special gift as we approach the new year. it will be only for backers and, yes, it involves that super-secret ui of which you speak (you, spoiler monster, you!). one of your fellow backers named greg krywusha put an insane amount of work into creating the extra special thank you gift. ethan and i have been super geeking out on it and i'm pretty sure you will, too. look out for an update in the next couple days (hopefully on or around new years' day). fyi: the audio on the tutorial videos is not good. we will re-record once we clean up the few (but still frustrating) messes created by our idiotic fulfillment house.
i was kinda curious though because i did notice @ethan (10y old) & ken (old) erickson that your tutorial videos kinda looked like the ui for tabletopia......
woohoo, @robert moore!!! beware the mayhem! it's contagious! ken
just got mine now
hey, @sebastian wittig! it is en route to you now! departed frankfurt 2 days ago. i will message you the tracking number. cheers! ken
hey, @jean-françois therrien! i just messaged you the tracking info! it's on it's way to toronto. should be very soon! thanks for your support and patience! ;-) ken
i forgot to add: thanks @stu for the feedback. we strive to do our absolute best. while i am very proud of much of what we accomplished, we know we can always do better. your feedback very much be taken to heart. thanks! ken
hey, @stu. i actually contacted ungwe and he did get the wrong thing. just sent out the right one yesterday. :) so sorry you are not happy (we were actually shooting for 'thrilled'). we modeled our pledge offering on other successful games that we liked. the one that comes to mind is exploding kittens (big surprise, right?). their game retails for $20 plus shipping and their most recent add-on retails for $13 plus shipping. for a comparable 'box set' it would be be $79 plus shipping for a game with only 176 cards and no box to hold the entire game. our box set was $95, but this included shipping (full for u.s. and about half shipping cost for international) and a box that is big enough to hold 2 entire core games and 4 expansions and includes 276 cards in total. the entire purpose of this project was to put smiles on our backer's faces. i am truly sorry if we failed in doing so. :( ken
hi ! i do not recieve mine in canada quebec.  do you have any idea when approx ? thx jf
tbh it sounds like ungwe actually received what he pledged for - i pledged at that level and whilst underwhelmed at what you get for the $107 i know it's correct..  one bigger box with 2 magicka core boxes inside and 3 little ones... i did think the core magicka boxes would be the size of the complete box set tbh but hey ho.. and i also had to pay a further £25 - $40 to receive the pledge = as i had to pay vat on the pledge amount $107 which was marked on the box - and then on the shipping cost too.. which was included in the pledge i paid - so i got double stung..
i live in finland and i got a letter from the customs today. i need to fill out forms and wait for processing. i probably don't have to pay vat because the value of the product is under 22 euros, but going through this process is really ridiculous for a 15 dollar game (early bird).
okay... we have sent out all shipments to fix missed or mixed-up orders that have been reported to us up to this point (12/27/2016) - whether comment below, kickstarter message (our preference) or via email at ken@magickacardgame.com. thank you for your understanding. so far the error rate at the fulfillment house has been less than 1% (and will likely grow as more backers receive their shipments). yes, that's still a lot of mistakes, but a pretty decent error percentage overall. good enough for government work, my dad always said... ;-) ken
thanks, so much, @ungwe_lianti! that means a lot to us! we may not always get it right (at least with our first kickstarter), but we will always make it right! :) ken
hey, @mike rider! thanks so much for the vote of confidence! it means a lot to us!!! you can purchase additional core games on our website at: http://www.magickacardgame.com we do not currently have add-ons available for sale on the website, but we do have a few sets leftover from the kickstarter. if you are interested in any of those (more massive-er mayhem, summoner spree or wizard wearables) then feel free to message us on kickstarter or email at ken@magickacardgame.com. the only form of payment we would currently be able to accept for those would be paypal. we intend to add the add-ons to the website store slowly over the course of 2017. ken
oh, well that explains things. not the first time i've backed something that have had the bad luck of using a bad fulfilment center so i totally understand. ps. i'm happy it's being solved this way, thumbs up for service. thank you for quick reply and wish you a happy new year!
hey, @sebastian witteg! we have not received the tracking numbers from our (apparently worthless!) fulfillment house. i sent a 2nd request for the numbers. i will message you with your specific tracking number (and anyone else that request one via kickstarter message) as soon (or if!) we receive them. ken
oh, no, @ungwe_lianti! i was just responding to your prior comment when your new one popped up. you received the wrong shipment! we have received some isolated reports of improper shipments. it looks like you received the core game tuck box version of the game, but you should have received the box set - it contains 2 core games (each with 108 cards), 3 add-ons each in their own separate tuck box (for an additional 60 or so cards). the entire 5 sets are held in a pee-a-boo box that is designed to hold both complete game sets and 4 add-ons (although we only have 3 add-ons available). it looks like this: https://twitter.com/magickacardgame/status/785526195299442688 i am so, so, so sorry for the mix up. the worst decision of this entire kickstarter was our choice of fulfillment house which ended up being really expensive, really late and somewhat error-filled (which has been really inconvenient for a few of our backers like yourself). i will send out the correct order today (you can keep the mistaken set and use it for target practice if you like). i will send it out using the fastest shipping method available to me. if you are charged any additional import fees, we will reimburse those fees 100%. again, so sorry for the mix-up. i know an apology won't stop this from ruining your day, but please know that we are mortified that we would ever make anyone upset - the whole purpose of making this game was to put smiles on people's faces... not frowns. :( your in massive (more than we ever intended) mayhem, ken
oh and i forgot to mention my pledge was $95 one, it says this receive two (2) magicka mayhem: the card game sets, i only received 1 set/box so i got properly ripped off here, even if you sending the other one, i'll have to pay another $25-40 import fee's once again, this is really really bad :(
i got my pack today, must say first impression isn't what i would've hoped (before opening it) the price... omg the price, i really thought it would be a little bit more then this. $107 for a tiny little box which included 3 expansions. and then the full price was marked on the parcel including the already paid shipping which adds on top with the actual shipping for when paying import fee's. which in the end got to a total of $147 for this tiny little box :( i don't care if it's the best game in the world for that price. i don't even want it anymore because of this. it's the smallest tiniest game i've backed on kickstarter but also the most expensive, that doesn't feel right at all. this is something that would cost like $30 in game shops maximum. i feel ripped off and sad about this. but at least i got it /j
hey guys. can you tell me when the international shipping will arrive? especially for germany. thanks i wish you a happy new year.
is there a way to get more cards? i got the base, but i can only imagine more cards would be amazing
hey no problems will do. merry christmas anyways!
along the same lines as some comments below, please reach out to us if you have any issues with you shipment. to date we have received about 5 reports of missing product in the shipments. all u.s. backers should be in possession of their shipments and a fair number of international shipments also should have arrived by now. look them over carefully and let us know of any issues. we will make it right as soon as possible and cover any additional costs incurred (vat, customs, etc.). you can email me directly at ken@magickacardgame.com or message us here on kickstarter. ken
@tom, i emailed you back. we'll make every effort to send that out today (tomorrow at the latest). so sorry. ken
hey, @scott middleton! so sorry to hear that. :( that is a complete error on the part of the fulfillment house (yet another reason for me to curse them under my breath!). we will send out the proper shipment asap. if you are asked to pay anything additional simply message us and we'll reimburse you the cost. ugh. super sorry about that. :( ken
hello, i recieved my game along with only 1 add on, when i ordered 2 addons. just wondering if the wizard wearables are still in development or something? :-) ive also sent an email asking.
not exactly sure whats going on... i just received a package from you guys... it has the summoner spree expansion in it...nothing else... just a tiny box of additional cards. however the big issue is that the customs label you listed $54 for the summmoner spree, which meant i had to pay 16 gbp to get the item release by the postal service to find out what it was.. to find out it was part of the pledge...for me to then realise.. if you send my pledge out bits at a time does that mean i am gonna get hit for 16gbp for every part item you guys deliver?? or is this package missing the actual full pledge... or have you sent out in multiple package listing each one as $54... because this is gonna get expensive fast.
nope, that answered it. thank you very much.
hey, @joscel! i'm not sure i understand your question. :( summoned creatures have their own attack that are completely separate from spells. also, weapons have their own attack (and, sometimes, additional special effects) that are also completely separate from spells. you can view them as completely standalone spells that just happen to live on for more than one usage. i hope that helps. if not, fire back with another question. thanks! ken
thanks, @padraic! i'm sure that will help out others, too! the tuck boxes are totally custom. we could have made the boxes slightly bigger to accommodate such a thing. however, we did not for 2 reasons: 1) we didn't think of it! ;-) 2) any excess space inside the box makes them prone to being smashed during shipping. thanks! ken
oh, no, @emma hall! i totally missed your email. it was a 'tack on' to your prior email thread (via backerkit). looking into it now... ken
so, for those of us who are "ahem" retentive about keeping cards nice, (like me!) i found that the ultra-pro 2 5/8"x 3 5/8" sleeves do fit the cards. that being said, the tuck boxes that mine came in would almost fit the cards with the sleeves, if they were just 1/8" wider... oh well... i have a plan! yes, i have a plan! i found that there are these crayon storage boxes, called super stackers, that you can find at that blue big box store that tries to sell everything (i'm not naming them because they get more than enough advertising!). they're about $1.25 per box, found in office supplies, and fit cards perfectly! i use them for my d&d spell cards, so totally worth it! anyway, the sad part is, can't show off the tuck boxes, good part is that my cards are protected! wooot! thank you, again, and again, and again ken and ethan! this is one awesome and beautiful game!
do you still check your emails? my shipment was missing a set and sent you an email, thanks
thank you for answering fast
question. do weapons and summons inflict damage in addition to spell damage, or are they separate attack options from casting spells?
@jean-francois therrien, last i heard all international shipments were going out today (monday, december 19th)!!!
wow, @padraic! it's official: you are the new curator for the magicka museum!!! ;-) ken
great news, @j.r. riedel, @grant morgan and @gamingdad!!!
do you know when in canada its suppose to be ship ? thx
and just like that! it arrived today! i just got around to checking my mailbox! hurray! thank you ken and ethan! these look better than the pictures! now i just have to buy 270 sleeves! i got the early wyrm, an extra set and the 3 addons! you guys are awesome!
whoah, opened the mailbox and *poof* there it was...now that's magical!
received mine today in utah. the cards look great, can't wait to play! thanks!
poof! game appears in mailbox!
if anyone in the u.s. does not receive their package soon feel free to message us and we can get you your tracking number. next project, we'll make sure that the tracking number is sent out automatically with the shipment. live and learn! (i've been saying that a lot, huh?). ;-) ken
thanks, @dr.benn! great news! ken
awesome, @josh!!! we're so happy to hear it! ken
hey, @gamingdad! it's out for delivery!!! you're about as far from us as you can be and still be in the continental u.s. that means most everyone should have it by the weekend. ken
ha! @gamingdad! hilarious!!! we are shipping out of the los angeles area. i will message you your tracking number. sadly, we couldn't have it sent automatically from the fulfillment house (yet another reason they are... poop!). ;-) ken
got my shipment in pittsburgh pa today. thanks guys!
received in la today
where's mah copeh!!! my 10yr old has been waiting to pound me into faerie dust! there's constant trash talking in my house now as the day approaches...we need to get into mayhem asap! lol...really happy everything is moving for you guys and we're looking forward to this. where in the u.s. is the fulfillment coming from? calculating if mine did ship friday if it could make it by xmas eve.
woooooooohoooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!! @quail! i cannot tell you how happy that makes me! i'll let ethan know as soon as he gets out of school today! one down (with no issues). approximately 999 more to go! ;-) ken
i got my copy today! i pledged the bigger, better, boxier tier. love the fact the box is so solid, was afraid of damage during shipment, but everything seems perfect, thank you so much!
i wish i could say 'yeah.' :( our fulfillment house has been a disaster. their latest estimate is that both the u.s. and international shipments will go out on friday. however, they also promised it would go out weeks ago. apparently, they needed to order a specific type of padded envelope in order to get the best shipping cost. with the holiday season those are in short supply. at least that's the crap ... err, excuse... they've been giving us. ;-) ken
have games started shipping now yeah?
i read the rules and the game seems really fun and chaotic. my only issue so far is that the gigantified cards are larger than ultra pro's or fantasy flight's tarot sleeves. the sleeves are 70mm x 120mm and the cards are 90mm x 140mm. does anyone know where i can find sleeves in this size? otherwise, i could spend a day laminating them, or just live dangerously.
thanks, @padraic and @robbert moore! it has been great fun doing this and a huge part of that has been all your wonderful support! ken
@ robbert moore +infinity! yeah they do a great job here with this project! this is the only kickstarter i've been a part of where everyone is so excited for the end project that they've become so extremely patient with anything happening! i love the humor, the updates, and the game itself! i really can't wait to get these in my hands! my only problem is i couldn't get a box set! i settled on getting the early wyrm, just cause i was really excited about this project, since i've been a fan of the game! anyway, fantastic stuff here! can't wait! i do hope this comes in time for yule! but if not, i'll take a new years gift anyday!
and your guys responces already prove why i backed this project, you love this project and every single backer, as well as the fact you want us to enjoy this the best we can, im so glad this has started so well and hope this goes worldwide one day
we have also pushed the instructions out via backerkit. everyone should have an email in their inbox about now. sorry for any inconvenience! ken
done! here's the update that i just sent out: how to play magicka mayhem (link to gameplay instructions) what?!? you can't read our minds?!? it has been brought to our attention that some knuckleheads at the digital media division (formerly the department of all things 1's and 0's) at magicka mayhem world headquarters forgot to include gameplay instructions along with the print-n-play (heads are gonna roll!). ;-) geesh... the bureaucracy in some of these huge institutions is frightening! ;-) anyhow... here's the link: http://magickacardgame.com/howtoplay
eek! i screwed up! i'm on it! thanks for bringing it to our attention. i thought the instruction cards were in the print-n-play the way we have it in the game. i should be able to send another update in about 5 minutes. ken p.s. you asked for mayhem! ;-)
so it seems....even though we have the print and play....there is no instructions include, got it all printed out and cut...to realize i had no clue how to actually play, and the manual book isn't included, smart on your guys part but makes it a pain to try out
awesome job! now i just need to find the manual!
that sounds great - thank you for the update and thank the backer that gave us an extra.
excellent question, @daniel deolden! we have not sent them out yet. we are shooting to make the launch kinda special with the release of something fun each week over a few weeks. we will likely start with the print-n-play, but we have a special surprise that no one knows about yet! and you actually have one of your fellow backers to thank for it! we plan to release the print-n-play the very moment that we have tracking info for our games shipment. we are also planning on finishing some tutorial videos before releasing the print-n-play which we hope makes the game super easy to learn and play.
has the print and play been emailed out yet?
awesome! thank you so very much guys! you are awesome! have fun on the midway!
ha, @padraic! you're hilarious! here's the update... (we'll also send out a blast - probably next week since we have halloween and the family will be staying on the uss midway - an aircraft carrier in san diego - tomorrow night!) all the cards are printed. the 2-part boxes are printed. the only thing left (as of an update we received earlier this week) is to print the tuck boxes and then pack them together. the manufacturer said they would send some pictures of the cards on the assembly line. we were waiting to get those to send out an update, but if we don't have them by tuesday next week then we'll go with an update without the pictures. according to the last update they expect everything to be done by november 10th. this is the first time we have had any kind of actual date. all of our other estimates have been based on estimates like "3 weeks to do this" or "5 day turnaround for that" or "14 days after receipt of x." that would leave a "few days" :) to air ship it to us and a "couple days" for us to get the inventory to our fulfillment house for mailing. fingers crossed! ken
(okay, breathe padraic, breathe!) it's october 27th... according to a past update (september 8th), you mentioned that you were hoping to start shipping around this time. i know i'm jumping the gun again, and i'm sorry, but i was wondering if you had another update? i'm only asking because i have otherprojectsthatarestartingtoshipandi'mgettingexcitedbecauseihavenewgamestoplayovervacationsandit'sreallyexcitingtohavealltheseboxescominginbecauseitfeelslikeearlyyuleandican'tbreathecausei'msoexcitedandijustwetmypants!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
thanks, rachel! much appreciated! ken
backed nathan's kickstarter... thanks for the heads-up
wowzers! if that was a heads up, i can't wait for the full update! this sounds awesome! lots more work for you guys, but i'm really looking forward to the end product! thank you for your updates, your hard work and your great communication! it sounds like any delays you will probably have are going to be justified for a better finished product! if you guys come up with another great idea for a game in the future, i, for one will back you guys, happily!
hey, @eirini g.! yes! we have settled on a printer! we will be sending out a more formal update via email very soon, but here's the quick version: we have been invited to participate in a brand new program by amazon.com called launchpad. it's been in a closed beta for 1 year and has just recently launched in earnest. in a nutshell amazon commits to helping selected crowdfunded start-ups (like us!) launch their products to a global marketplace. it's a truly amazing program! having said that, the invitation forced us to make some hard decisions about placing our first-ever order with the printer. we eventually came down on the side of placing a larger order than necessary so that we can fulfill our promise to our backers and have inventory for launchpad up to and through the holiday selling season. the bad news is that we were delayed on two fronts: 1) going back to the drawing board and re-researching printers (which we initially nailed down months ago, and 2) a longer production time due to placing a larger order. the good news is that the larger order has significantly lowered the cost per game. we are now able to use this savings to make the game even better! for instance: magicka mayhem will now have 108!!! total cards in the core game! we were initially planning on 72 cards and possibly pushing it to 90 cards, but the price jump from 90 to 108 made it impossible for us to consider 108 before now. the box set will actually have around 260 cards!!! yikes! what were we thinking?!? ;-) the core game will now come in side-by-side tuck boxes that look way better than the standard tuck box. the box set will actually have two of these side-by-side tuck boxes. each individual component of the game will now be shrink-wrapped: the cards, the tuck box they're contained in, the add-on cards, the tuck box the add-ons are contained in, the entire box set (with a few exceptions). we now have room in the deck (with the increase to 108 cards) to add four damage counter cards to each core game (a card with health points, shield points and summoned creature health points - simply use a coin or small token to cover the number that represents your wizard's health or shield strength or summoned creature health). the add-ons will now come in their own individual tuck boxes! prior to choosing our current 'long-run' printer, the best we could do was shrink-wrap the add-ons and it was looking like we actually were going to go with poly bags (yuck!). i'm really excited about this one! i actually like it better than paper or foil wrapping (both of which are way too expensive for our purposes). the box set boxes are also going to be way better using this long-run printer. going with the print on demand option, the box set boxes would have been made of a similar material to the tuck boxes (rather thin cardboard). the new boxes will be a 1.5mm kappa board which is a very stiff and substantial card stock. the box will also be of two-piece construction instead of a thin cardboard box with a flap. you don't usually see this kind of box with a game unless it sells huge like exploding kittens or cards against humanity or a game from a big publisher. onto the second part of your question: if everything goes according to plan (ha! that's a good one!!!) then we will send all digital files to printer next week (we need to make some small modifications to each and every file to accommodate this new printer - the actual templates were created using the layout from the other printer we planned on using this whole time). it takes about 1-2 weeks to get a physical sample into our hands. if there are no errors or issues with the sample (fingers crossed!) then it will take approximately 15-20 working days to produce the games and then 1-2 weeks to ship the game (we are paying a considerable premium to ship via air - sea is 1/10 the cost, but takes about 4-5 weeks!). at the earliest we are looking at october 11th to have the inventory in our possession. we will then need to ship everything out. that part should go fairly fast. u.s. backers may very well see there within a handful of days after that. international backers would like be 1-2 later than that (with some countries being well later than that... you know who you are!!!). ;-) also, all backers will likely receive their rewards around the same time. originally, we had the core game backers receiving their rewards a couple months earlier than the box set backers. all deadlines seem to be shifting to fairly close to our original box set deadline. i guess this update ended up being longer than i thought! :) i'll add a bit more stuff and send this out as an actual 'update' next week. thank you so much for your patience. we are quite confident that you will be very pleased with the wait! ken
hi! did you decide on a printer yet? has printing started? any news on shipping estimates?
ha, @padraic! if i remember correctly things didn't turn out all that great in that instance! ;-) we have all our print quotes in. unfortunately, no single quote has everything we want: inexpensive, fast turnaround, uv coating, better box style, integrated fulfillment, etc. therefore, we will review all the quotes (we'll literally have to lay them out in a spreadsheet and review the pros and cons) on tuesday and decide. after that, we should be good to go to print (depending on what format the art is needed in). we'll keep you posted! ken
"i can feel it. we're very, very close" peter venkman just so excited! anything we need to know????
thanks, @jrriedel! we are now about 99% done on the card designs and about 90% done with the rules that will be printed with the game (just some editing). we will also have a more robust set of rules in downloadable pdf format (these might not be ready until after shipping the basic set, though). that just leaves some tweaking of the box art (about 80% done) and then committing to an actual printer (the options are varied and confusing). we're getting close!!! ken
thanks for the estimated shipping info. take your time and do it right!
hey, @eskovahatalo! our current estimated shipping date is the end of august for the basic set only. end of september for the box set and add-ons. however, things have been going a little slower than expected with the card editing. we may have to delay beyond that. silver lining: we are a bit ahead of schedule with the box set and add-ons. it's possible that we would ship out basic set and box set around the same time (somewhat late for the basic set, but early for the box set). thanks for your patience! hope that answers your question. ken
what is the current estimate of delivery?
thank you @ken!
thanks, @lukewillcock! at least i fake it well! ;-) ken
all fixed, @ericchilders! you were trying to add a 2nd deck to the early wizard ($15 + $25 = $40). i changed your pledge to the backstabbing is better with friends (2 decks for $45). with your $10 early wizard credit that brings it to $35 which is exactly what you pledged and exactly what you planned. boom! done! :) ken
@ken i still can't choose the second deck because it says i'm $5 short.
@ken you're a gentleman and a scholar! thank you very much
hey, @ericchilders! apparently your math is better than i first thought! :) glad you figured it out and didn't make us work too hard for it, either! ;-) let us know if you need anything else. thanks again! ken
hey, @marypost! i added the $10 credit to your pledge. you can use that to complete your survey. sorry about the robe. if it's any consolation the wizard robe smells vaguely if troll... in a bad way. ;-) ken
@ken, i figured it out. it was for another deck. i found the date i upped my pledge, april 14th, then i looked and remembered a comment you left on april 14th. "the nicest route is the box set ($95). the least expensive is the backstabbing reward ($45 - $10 since you were an early wizard) plus $51 for all three add-ons (total of $86 for early wizards and $96 for 'didn't get the wyrm' wizards)." so that's what i went off of. the back stabbing reward -$10 because i was an early backer.
@ethan, hey i have the same problem that luke had, i would like to upgrade to the box set... i pledged more than that thinking that i might want the gigantified box set but i'm not sure right now... i actually kind of wanted one of the wizard robes but it seems they aren't going to be an add on so i'm a sad panda about that.
hey, @erickchilders! it looks like your math is as bad as mine! ;-) you either overpledged for an add-on ($20 vs. $17) or you underpledged for a 2nd deck ($25 vs. $20). if you go the add-on route, you won't need to pay any more, but you will lose the $3 overage (there is no refund system for kickstarter pledges). if you go the 2nd deck route you will need to cough up another $5... ouch!). ;-) thanks for your support! ken
so i pledged $35 and got the early bird special. i completely forgot what the extra $20 was for but i am almost positive it was for an extra copy of the game since i usually play with a group of 6 people. i see what looks like an extra copy on the pledge manager for $25. did i mess up somewhere?
hey, @lukewillcock! unfortunately, you can't. luckily, we can!!! ;-) i already added a $10 credit to your account so you can upgrade to the box set at the early wizard discounted rate. thanks for your trust! ken
how do i select the box set with the -$10 early bird bonus on the survey?
thanks, @lukewillcock! our goal is very much in line with yours. we want this game to be the best that we can possibly make. we have received a ton of feedback. we will be sure to incorporate as much as possible into the final product before sending out. thanks for the feedback! ken
@ken cheers for the response, looking forward to seeing the rules, and if after going over all the feedback you need to spend more time then originally thought you would need, please spend the time and push back the delivery date. i rank quality of the product over how quickly it takes to get to me
great question, @lukewillcock! we have been receiving tons of feedback from our playtesters! we sent out about 25 playtest decks and have been getting steady feedback for the last 10 or so days. we are also hosting a live playtesting session tonight with some local gaming savvy friends. we will likely have a 2nd local playtesting day with backers that live near us. we have only reviewed a tiny fraction of the feedback, but all of it seems to be very helpful and positive. overall, the feedback on the art has been amazing. overall, the feedback on the gameplay has been good to very good. however, it appears that we will be making a lot of small tweaks both to the art and to the gameplay. the most critical feedback has been about the rules (still in draft form) and the playing of the summoned creatures (the most recent addition to the game and, therefore, the least tested!). when we have the rules closer to final we may send them out to all backers to get feedback. there is nothing more frustrating than trying to play a new game and not understanding exactly how to play. we will also post a more detailed kickstarter update regarding the playtesting feedback and changes that we may or may not make. however, it will likely be after we have most of the surveys back from backers. wish us luck! ken
any update about feedback from the play testing? anything been changed, any suggestions taken on board? any complications that need ironing out?
hey, @marcusthomas! surveys have not been sent out yet. we've been slammed with playtest feedback and final play and art tweaks. we are making every effort to get them out this week. looks like we will be slightly delayed from our initial end of july deadline, but we should be early for our end of september deadline. thanks for your patience! we have received such great feedback that we want to incorporate as much as possible in the final game without pushing the deadline too far. it's a fine line... :) -- ken
not been around here for a while. have the surveys been sent out yet?
very sweet of you, @marypost! i'll pass along the message. hopefully it won't make his head too much bigger than it already is! ;-) ken
hey, @morganlartigue! no surveys have been sent out yet. although it is very likely that we will be using backerkit, we are still following kickstarter's 'best practices' which state that we shouldn't send out a survey until we are fairly close to shipping out (and we are still more than a month away from that). their thinking is that if we send out surveys too early then a great many people will need to change their addresses which can add a layer of complexity and increases the chances of error (and, thus, unhappy backers!). in other words, you're all good! we are shooting for sending out the surveys in about 2 weeks (ethan's last week of school is this week then the family heads out for a vacation - we will put together upon our return). ken
stanislav is talking about changing his address, but i haven't even gotten the survey to begin with. what's up with that?
ethan is the coolest!!!!111!!1! that is all >.>
no problem @stanislav! you will be receiving a 'survey' from us fairly soon. in that survey we will collect your shipping address and confirm exactly how you would like to structure your reward. you will also be able to upgrade your reward to another level if you so choose.
i moved. is it possible to change shipping address?
hey, @padraic! you're not jumping the gun at all! we just sent the core set cards out to the printer for art and gameplay test copies. the number will likely change based on feedback, but we are at around 70 cards for the core set and around 120 for the box set. the core set could grow by a bit depending on how we implement the co-op portion. the dimensions are standard poker card size: 2.5" x 3.5". we don't foresee that changing at all. ken
i like putting my card games into individual sleeves, like baseball or magic cards. what are the dimensions and approx how many of the cards so that way i can buy the correct size and amount? or am i jumping the gun? i'm just getting excited!
thanks, @nickadegite! we're getting there! ken
the cards look amazing
thanks ken! that was very helpful! i appreciate your help!
hey, @padraic! you are more than welcome to review the past updates that were sent out by clicking the 'updates' tab above. however, i will also answer your questions here! we will be sending out a survey in the near future. on the survey you will be asked exactly what reward you were expecting. therefore, you would just let us know that you want 2x core games + one of each of the add-ons (it would be kinda silly to get 3x of the wizard wearables add-on unless you are really into wizard fashion!). ;-) we were originally thinking that the surveys would be sent out in july (since you only get one with kickstarter), but we are now working with backerkit so we can send it out much earlier and you can edit it all the way up until shipping time (in case you move residences between now and then, etc.). hope that helps! ken
ok, i'm out of the loop with this project.  i've missed updates and such, due to life getting in the way, so i have a really dumb question to ask. i got the "early wizard gets the 'wrym'" package, and paid for the second deck and all 3 expansions, just to make it clear what i pledged. i've also noticed that there have been a few stretch goals reached. so my question is, when this project is delivered, what should i be expecting? i'm trying not to sound greedy or impatient, just lost and out of the loop! i'm sure you guys are going to have a wonderful product to show for all of this hard work, and i'm excited to see it! thanks guys!
not sure who is more excited about that... you or us! ;-) ken
woot payment has been charged for me :3
ha! @danielhuffman - it won't be arduous waiting for us... it will be arduous working! ;-) you all did such an amazing job that you made us promise the moon. now we have to deliver! okay, that part will likely be tons of fun - so no need to feel too sorry for us! ;-)
ha! @lokipiece !!! we are excited to get it into your hot little (soon to be magic infused) hands! may the mayhem ever be in your favor! good one!
and we are happy to have you @williamfisher and the whole wizardly lot of you!!!
congratulations now it's time for the arduous wait.
congrats on finishing out a successful campaign. i'm excited for the game to come out and can't wait to get my soon to be magic infused hands on it. may the mayhem ever be in your favor.
so happy to be a part of this project :d
oh, and @marypost, you will already receive every card that we make in pdf form. as ethan likes to say (a lot!): "you're welcome!"
it's the other way 'round @cvp!!! i (ken) am the lowly 'unpaid intern', remember?!? ;-) the big boss is currently in a cub scout meeting about making movies. however, the diva... err, i mean... 'our fearlesss leader' really, really, really wants to unleash the dragon. i explained the economics of the situation, discussed the cost-benefit ratio and drew a chart of diminishing returns in the air with my finger (while driving to cub scouts). his response: "the game will be way more fun-er with the dragon" (actually, he likes the spider boss monster better!). i cannot argue with that logic! we will review he nit-picky details regarding production cost and shipping and such. however, long story, short: i believe that we can unleash the dragon! in some way!!! super fantastic, amazing job everyone!!! however, your work is not done!!! in order to make this game fantastimazing, we will need every ounce (milligram for our foreign backers!) of your creativity, game acumen and super-geeky coolness to make that happen! rest up, recharge those wizardly batteries 'cause it... is... on!!! you are now part of something seriously awesome! we know you are up for the challenge. and if you are not up for the challenge then - at the very least - the rest of us will pass the time pointing and laughing at you! consider it a wizardly win-win. ;-) your life - as you once knew it - is officially in the hands of a megalomaniac 10 year-old! welcome to my world...
@marypost you are a most amazing angel! your efforts are most apprecitated!
$582 short -(
yea great job everyone!
congrats all!!! so close!!! maybe if we give ethan the big puppy-dog eyes he'll talk the old man into unleashing the dragon! xd
aww $582 off
i'll just sort myself out after lol
could i add $1 for the pdf?
i'd add more if i could get more copies of magicka but i can't make accounts fast enough now so i'll have to just watch
done, though we will need angels on chariots to bring us backers to reach the dragon :( hope they come soon
@marypost, first off: you are awesome for jumping in early to support our silly project! second, you are more than welcome to contribute more, but we insist that you keep your early wizard discount. in short: yes, our early wizard friends can receive the gigantified set for $10 less ($135). woohoo!
can i go to the gigantified box by changing my pledge to $135 if i'm in the early wizard tier?
you're awesome, @scar3crow!!! every bit helps! we have the best backers in the whole wide world!!! thanks a gagillion!
shared in my gaming group; hopefully more will jump on this!
forget 'nail biter' @troynewhoff! this is a inducing the ultimate ulcer! good news: that could end up leading to a fun mayhem card! ;-)
less than 1k to go in just over an hour.  this is gonna be a nail biter!!
hip, hip huzzah!!! @laurencehartje your incredibly great taste in games will be amply rewarded!!! ;-)
hurray, @mrgibberling!!! that is seriously amazing, sir! crazy generous!!!
done! moved from early wizard to the box set. here come the dragons! (hopefully!)
so, increased my pledge up to 110$. hope it will help.
woohoo, @troynewhoff!!! it's wizards like you that give wizards a slightly-better-than-really-super-bad name!!! ha! thanks bunches!
upped my pledge to add the add-on decks.  $1500 in 3 hours to get the dragon!
great point, @cvp!!! we are so close!
hey @troynewhoff! we are not 100% confirmed that we will be doing anything 'fancy' with the pledge manager. it's possible that we will offer it, but the safe bet is to get it now.
@troy: you should add them to your pledge now to help us reach those final stretch goals. we want the dragon!
i have the early wyrm but can i add add-on decks with pledge manager or do i have to add them now??
thanks for your awesome early support @laurencehartje!!! the box set has two decks (identical to the basic deck and the early wizard deck). it just includes the add-ons and the box. the nicest route is the box set ($95). the least expensive is the backstabbing reward ($45 - $10 since you were an early wizard) plus $51 for all three add-ons (total of $86 for early wizards and $96 for 'didn't get the wyrm' wizards). ;-) if we hit the unleash the dragon stretch goal then the box set will have tarot-sized epic boss cards, but the basic set will have poker-sized epic boss cards.
i was able to jump in on day one (early wizard) but totally want the add-ons (and a second deck for up to 7 players). should i just jump to the "box set" reward or should i change my pledge amount (and leave the reward at the same level)? the add-ons are $17 each correct? so once you factor in the cost of the second deck (at $25), the cost for the original deck is pretty close to the early bird price. are the boxes the same (early bird) and (box set). thanks!
@declancairns pretty cool, right?!? paradox is so awesome to offer that up as an incentive!
@lukewillcock hey, luke! the entire co-op raid deck with the boss monsters will also be available in the pdf (both poker-sized and gigantified-sized) if we hit the stretch goal. we have 11 hours left to make it happen!
if i could the back the amount that gives the robe i would, so when i bring this game to my friends. i could be the master wizard who tells everyone the rules while looking awesome at the same time. sadly i can't :(
will the epic boss card be available on the pdf? i really like the idea of the co-op/boss battles (more then another copy of magicka on steam lol).
hey, @adrian! @cvp is totally spot on! we believe (though we may be a bit biased!) that the $1 backing level is the deal of the century! that is with good reason. ethan's goal was to share his game with as many people as possible. giving all the good stuff (that doesn't cost us in terms of physical production) is only fair for anyone that took the time to create an account and enter a gigantic string of credit card numbers! the $1 backing level will get all the cards in the game! if we hit the co-op stretch goal level then they will also get that. the pdf of the basic set will likely be a few weeks earlier than the basic set physical cards (late july). the pdf for all the add-ons and the gigantified cards will likely be a few weeks before the physical release of those cards (estimated for september). final stretch!!!
that makes 837 of us!!! ;-)
i'm really hoping to see the co-op gameplay mode unlocked!
i seriously doubt it will be that big that you would need to worry baout it taking up too much space ;p maybe the ericksons can pop on in the morning and give us an estimate on it's size ;p and perhaps i should be clearer as well. using the pdf you will be able to play the game with all it's expansions it's just that you will have to print and cut and store all the cards yourself rather than just getting the game from them in the first place. they basically let backers play the game a few months or so before it actually arrives by letting them make their own sets. sorry if that wasn't clear.
@cvp, thanks! your nick reminds me of coding html back in the days. i wish i can get the bigger box, just that i'm running out of space in my apartment. sadly, i was actually aiming for the pdf (i'm currently at the early bird pledge).  but thanks for the head's up on the pdf.
@adrian: it does not. the only pledge level that includes them automatically are the boxed ones (starting at $95). that doesn't mean you can't add-on for them so if you just want the base and the three expansions, back at the $25 level (or the $45 if you want two sets of the base) and add on an additional $17 for each add on that you want. this means a total pledge of $76 if you want all three expansions and a single copy of the base set or $96 if you want two base sets (although at that point you might as well do the $95 level and get a box to put them all in hehe). regarding the pdf, according to the current stretch goals, the pnp will include all three expansions as well as come in both the poker & tarot sizes. from what i understand, all backers will be getting these files (of course ethan can verify this once he gets up from sleeping, it is a school night after all ;p hehe but according to the stretch goal graphic, its for all backers). hope this helps! personally i recommend going for the boxed set! nothing like a spiffy box to keep all your magic at bay until it's ready to be unleashed upon your unwitting opponents! xd not to mention they have already upgraded the card stock so while pnp's are nice, the finished product will be nicer hehehe additionally, you wont be able to play using the pdf you will just be able to print out the cards yourself meaning they will still be taking up shelf space once printed.
@erickson, does the $25 set cover the three add-ons? if not which does? i'm assuming the pdf will only be for the basic card set, will there be a change for a pdf on the add ons as well? where i am currently, digital space is cheaper than actual physical space. thanks!
deal...;)
keep those great ideas flowin' @danielhuffman and we'll keep making this game more funner and more funny-er! ;-)
love to have a copy of the final product.... the cards mentioned below.. ;)
no problem..want to make this game even cooler and more laughs! lol
hey, @danielhuffman! ooooooooh! that's a really great idea! i think we're gonna steal.. err, borrow... that wonderful idea! actually, now that you planted the seed in our brains... we can also have the ability to change an element from one type to another using a card or a wizard wearable (robe, staff, etc.). we could even incorporate this 'wild effect' as part of a mayhem effect. great idea! thanks!
more monsters more fun...are there colorless elements that are sorta wild card elements. they can be whatever u need them to be?
hecka yeah @danielhuffman! we would love to see either a tile or dice add-on to replace (or supplement) the spell cards. we also have several ideas for card add-ons. ethan ones lots of creatures and minions and imps and equipment. i would love to see more mayhem cards - many that fit into the magicka universe, but some that are out there like 80's pop culture references or ancient history, etc. we'll have to duel it out to see where this takes us next. no matter what: all of you will be a big part of the journey. your feedback has been invaluable and will continue to shape this game for years to come!
perfect! was wondering if there will be "new" expansion in the future? this game has taken off !! can't wait to play it...:) thanks again!
ha! @danielhuffman! 'foiled' again! ;-) we never considered location cards, but we have already mapped out some equipment and minions (that we are calling arcane imps) that can help or hinder the casting of certain spells. ethan also had the idea of elemental traps that 'capture' elements in a spell that can cause a spell to unravel plus the capturing wizard gets to keep the element. equipment - like wizard staffs - can add a certain element (say fire) to each and every spell. kinda cool since it's like always having an ace up your sleeve. however, adding fire to a water- or frost-containing spell might spell disaster. therefore, it makes some spells easier to cast and, possibly, more powerful, but makes some spells totally uncastable. i think this is similar to the 'location' spells you are talking about. nice one!
and again, i almost fell of my chair...lol not really! this just keeps getting better and better!! foils would be very cool....love to see  location cards to inhance a spell or make it harder to cast a spell or cancel it... :)
hey, @nicholas! great idea on the image change. we will do it to match kickstarter's website update on april 6th (they are changing to wide-format images for the project pics).
hey, @luke! unfortunately, you will not be able to adjust your pledge after the campaign ends. however, it is very likely that we will offer the ability to pre-order products once the campaign is over. that would include add-one and other sets, but those would be entirely different transactions and likely have a later delivery date (since we want to expedite out to our beautiful backers). ;-)
will we be able to increase our pledge in the pledge manager after the campaign?
thanks so much @emma!!! we've have taken your feedback to heart (along with a great many others) and have significantly tweaked the stretch goals. the unleash the dragon is now a physical addition and a kickstarter exclusive!
@chris check out the new stretch goals on the main page. i think you'll like them!
done @nicholas! check out the new - less stretchy - stretch goals! we will now unleash the dragon with actual physical cards (not the pdf ones like before) and the epic boss card will be kickstarter exclusive along with the epic boss spell cards and treasure cards! sadly, @cvp we will hold off on foil cards for a bit. the logistics and additional cost are "not quite in the cards" at the moment. ;-) that could change if we get to the higher stretch levels. a lot depends on how those stretch goals are achieved. if we get lots of $25 backers then the 'profit' will be zilch with the the card quality, box size and art upgrades. however, if a fair number of box sets come in (higher margin) then there will be more cash to devote to 'flashier' upgrades like foil cards! does that make sense?
i think lowering the stretch goal for the co-op rules could be a good idea. maybe it will attract co-op only gamers. could change your ks image and add : funded ! now with co-op and competitive modes!
i'd be up for some limited foils. no need to do it all in foil but maybe some of the more powerful spells xd or possibly in the wardrobe add-on ;p
hey, @chris! we wanted to be conservative with the stretch goals - we have heard way  too many horror stories about projects over-promising and not delivering. we don't want that to happen. however, we may have been too conservative. i'll run it by the crew and see if we can make some serious adjustments. great feedback. as to a discount for the 3 add-ons - we really hadn't thought about it. i think we can add a reward tier for that. let me run some numbers! thanks!!!
that's great feedback @emma!!! unfortunately, foil printing can get problematic. the printers we have looked into that offer foil printing are more expensive all around. and the less-expensive printers do not offer foil printing at all. if we split the job between two printers then we end up nearly doubling the shipping costs (which we included for free in the u.s.). we'll look back into it and see if the increased funds from the stretch goals covers the increased production cost of moving to a different printer that offers foil cards. would a good stretch goal be some foil cards (kickstarter exclusive) or would it need to be all foil cards (super expensive!)? thanks!
any chance at getting better stretch goals? it's all pdf print files, there is nothing exciting in them till later and then that's only for certain tiers. i fear this is turning people away. any chance of there being a deal if you buy all three expansions?
wow thanks for the personal response :) i like the spell icons and it's link to the game. and magicka is all about the funnies so maybe for once flavour text should be more important! i hope you get to hire your graphic artist. re extra production costs for foils or extra kickstarter only cards, they should be funded by the extra money of the stretch goals. it's something i have seen on many kickstarter card campaigns. extra heavy cardstock is lovely, but doesn't fire imaginations the same way. personally (and maybe it's only me) i am not that bothered by printing out stuff in a larger format either (perhaps as i only have a b&w printer). i'll spread the word because i see the love in this campaign that you both have for your concept. but selling it to people...they love to get their kickstarter exclusives or something that says back it now...so when the product is in the stores they can say i got this cool stuff..... (seen it happen! honest!). just something to think on and maybe add if you think it's viable....
@jejundon we totally see what you're talking about! thanks for the links. helps a lot! we are in 100% agreement. we'll see if we can get right on that for at least a couple of the more visible cards. thanks!!!
hey ethan and ken, no problem on the advice. i agree with keeping the symbols if there are cards that have more than one symbol per card. in fact, you should try to include those cards in your graphics on the page. for the flavor text, i totally, completely agree that if there is a game that needs funny flavor text, it's a magicka game. that said, if you look at how other games have implemented the feature, it's been done in a way that seems more subtle and doesn't distract as much as your design does. here's some examples of mtg cards: https://goo.gl/lrx6yi (google image search) and here's another game, mage wars: https://goo.gl/rhcjfu while both games also have game text in the boxes, notice that the flavor text is smaller font. basically when playing the game, you know it's there and read it once for a laugh, but then it's out of the way when evaluating the move you're going to make. i definitely recommend re-doing the most prominent images at a minimum or putting an update out about "prototype graphic design tweaks" just in case you're losing backer opportunities. good luck again!
ha! i just received an email from kickstarter that they will be changing the picture ratio for the main image on april 6th. therefore, we will need to change that image anyway. perhaps we can institute some of these graphic changes at the same time! thanks again!!!
@lucas we will not be making any changes to the 'cat's'! ;-) however, if we were to change the cards - all the suggestions are great and probably not too difficult - would you and @jedundon suggest replacing all  the images on the kickstarter page? we could do it, but it would be time-consuming. :( also, sorry @jedundon for spelling your name wrong in the last comment.
fantastic feedback @jedeundon!!! we are in total agreement with almost everything you say! see, we do have the best backers! great feedback to help us make this game the best that we can. one point about the graphic design. we could make some small changes now, but we are really hoping that we can have enough kickstarter success to hire a great graphic designer. even if we don't hit the stretch goals for graphic help, we may still be able to make it happen. therefore, we don't have any plans to make a mid-campaign graphic update. couple points were we differ: -- the element icons on the element cards are very important. when you are holding several cards in your hand, the icon peeks out on the left for easy reference especially for 'special' element cards (like a single element card that is worth two of the same element or has some flavor that alters its use). in that case you can quickly glance at your hand to see exactly what you have without flipping through the the cards. ethan's favorite special element card is toilet water - worth 2 water. ;-) -- while we can certainly make the flavor text less bold visually, our favorite and the favorite of many that have played with us is the the funny that the flavor text adds to the game. from the beginning ethan wanted a card game that was 1 part magicka, 1 part strategy (not just randomness) and 1 part fun and crazy and silly (very much like munchkins). in other words, a munchkins-like game that actually has strategy, but takes place in the magicka world (and around magicka gameplay). i feel that his design absolutely nails that vision. seriously great recommendations - especially on the gameplay videos. we will totally reach out to them. however, they would be playing with our - not so pretty - prototype gameplay cards. would that turn people off?
@lucas: i get that sometimes when i'm swiping instead of tapping, irreproducible autocorrect mangling.
cat's=cards. weirdly i couldn't replicate the auto correct for cat's. .i don't even use the word cats that often, weird
@jedundon well said. good suggestions. i too was hoping the cat's would be tweaked, which we were told these weren't final, but i agree more tweaks to the art, icons, font will go along with attracting more backers.
i am a first day backer, which was easy since i'm a fellow gamer dad and love playing magicka with my son and wife. i'd like to offer some suggestions for the card graphic design, which i hope don't come off too negative. here's my (unordered) list of recommendations: - don't underline the title of the cards. it's superfluous. also... - try to make the card titles the same font size as much as possible. you show quite a bit of variation and it can come off as sloppy - the pictures are fantastic but the flavor text seems overpowering. there's so much text taking up 40% of the card which has no apparent gameplay involvement. try to edit the text down or reduce the font size to give greater focus on the actual gameplay elements. - speaking of flavor text, can you get rid of the summoning stone? grey text over the gray icon is going to make reading the cards more difficult and i don't think the stone really adds anything that isn't covered by the artwork. - i'd remove the symbols from the element cards. this is optional, but it feels redundant since the orbs are represented in the picture plus the colors are vibrant enough you can tell what you have easily. i may have missed element cards with multiple values however. - lastly, consider altering the color of the card type text. optional again but it might make it easier to distinguish the card types. i think making some of these changes would help win backers and add more to your success. good luck with the campaign! p.s. i +1 on getting a full gameplay video up. have you tried hitting up someone like tom vassal, rahdo, rodney at watch it played or any of the other podcasts to see if they'll do a gameplay video?
the twitter profile is up and running: http://twitter.com/magickacardgame check it out... tweet it out!!!
hey @daniel huffman! the add-ons are $17 each. sorry if that wasn't clear. therefore, just add $17 x whatever number of add-ons you like to your $15 pledge. easy peasy! you can also bump up to the box set for $85 ($95 - the $10 early wizard discount = $85).
how do i add the three add-on decks to my pledge. i'm the 15$ pledge early bird.. also, are all three 17$ total.  or each add-on decks is 17$ a piece?? thanks
ha! @daniel huffman! please do not hurt yourself... we need you to help spread the word so we can achieve these goals!!! (oh, and we care about your physical well-being, too... kinda) ;-)
wow! i just fell off my chair.....stretch goals are awsome! thank you........
yes, @chris, the $15 and $25 levels are identical - except, of course, for the price! ;-)
that's a great idea @robbert moore. we'll see if we can make that happen. we are also working on a youtube channel to make it easier to watch the other gameplay videos.
does the $15 pledge(guessing early bird) include everything the $25 pledge does?  just grabbed a spare one.
for a public video if you play a full match, may give new potential backers a better idea what the game is about
that really helps @robert n dorris! we are about 95% done and will likely launch the stretch goals today! even better news: you beautiful backers have already unlocked 3 or 4 of the stretch levels!!! can't wait to share!
perhaps it's just luck, but i haven't encountered a kickstarter campaign yet that hasn't been able to fulfill its stretch goals although i have encountered one campaign that severely underfunded its original minimum funding for the game they wanted to make.  thankfully though, you two seem very self aware of your campaign and its limits, and that certainly is what matters most when conceiving stretch goals.  :)
@daniel huffman we're so excited that you are excited! we have been slammed with responses from media for interviews and such. we plan to have some ideas for stretch goals for our amazing backers to offer feedback on very soon. we don't want to screw this up. sadly, that has happened with projects and stretch goals in the past.
great question @joscel! to include an add-on (or two or three!) to your pledge simply add $17 for each add-on you would like. no additional shipping for either u.s. or international backers! please keep in mind that any orders with add-ons will likely be shipped out closer to the box set ship date (november) rather than the sooner basic set ship date (july).
is there a way to attach the add-on packs to a basic game pledge here on kickstarter? i've seen a lot of developers have that kind of option in the post-campaign backer survey, but i was curious if it could be done earlier.
sweet...i'm getting even more than excited..lol are you refraining from stretch goals?? or are you gonna surprise us at the end...lol.. thanks again. u and your son make a great team!
thanks so much @daniel huffman! the wizard wearables add-on has robes and magic staffs and hats. all add some additional benefit. one of the of the coolest is adding an element to every spell no matter what you have in your hand!
cool vid..are there combo attacks or def... wonder if there are magic items that will be added to the game, eq books or wands, hats..etc that will be printed on the cards. booster pack..lol thanks for the vids they helped..the game is gonna be a blast to play..can't wait!
we... have... gameplay videos!!! thank you everyone for your patience. one note: these were filmed with the gameplay prototype cards. in other words, the gameplay in the video is spot-on (though we are constantly making tweaks based on feedback), but the actual cards are way prettier like in the kickstarter video and on the page. https://www.dropbox.com/sh/nvwej22wcazmka7/aabvizawgu59rktkuqe3faxna… enjoy! also, any and all feedback is much appreciated. we want everyone to love this game and we will take that feedback seriously. also, if you would like a sneak peak at how the game rules are shaping up feel free to message us and we'll send you a link. we would prefer to not post them publicly for the time-being, but we have no problem sharing them with our 'partners in crime'! ;-)
you really need to get a demonstration video up i'm starting to wonder if this game is for me or not a video will help me decide that
that is a great point @nicholas! consider the idea nixed! :)
please don't do a stretch goals for a demonstration video. imagine : yeah we reached 30k in funding! now here's a video that shows how the game plays out. a demonstration video is a marketing tool. just my 2 cents.
@padraic o'leary wow! i'll need to get ethan to verify that math equation! way over my head. ;-) seriously, yes, that looks correct thank you for your support!
@padraic: you look spot-on there xd going by the prices listed on the campaign page and the creators comments that a second deck would be $25 that's exactly right.
so, how much would the booster packs and the second deck be if we backed early wizard? about $91? [$15+$25+(3*$17)=$91) hopefully my math is correct based on previous comments.
hey @chris! we are currently getting a lot of requests for interviews on podcasts, youtube preview shows and traditional press. i would imagine that one of those would work well for game play videos and reviews. if not, we were thinking of doing some demonstration videos as a stretch goal or some-such. thanks!
@creator are there going to be any videos of this game showing us how to play,reviews and such?
@mark laird great question: if anyone would like to add a second deck to their early wizard pledge you can simply change your pledge to $40 ($15 + $25). that is $5 less that backstabbing is better with friends (essentially 2 decks for a slight discount). thanks!!!
@ron peters thank you so much, ron! we are complete noobs to this. i think we are on track now! if anyone doesn't get a response to one of their comments (and you want one!) feel free to direct message us. we've been pretty good about responding to those.
@lord blinkerton another vote for higher-quality cards! good to know. that is not one that we thought of! thanks!
@lucas love it! we definitely do not want our campaign to be a campain! we will do what we can to keep it simple!
@lucas great idea. increased card quality could be nice. we will need to look into that to see how much more cost that will add.
@anthony j. fennell love the idea of a skillet playing an active role in the game! i think we can make that happen!
@daniel cassidy happy st. patrick's day (3 days late). :(
@emma hall we love all your stretch goal ideas. however, they all involve higher production costs which could get us into a sticky situation. we will have to gnaw on that a bit!
@ken boucher i agree that stretch goals can really muck-up a project. however, we are trying really hard to add some cool stuff that does not make the campaign more complex, more expensive for us to produce or delay our shipping. wish us luck!!!!
@markus freivald i think we will just throw in the printable mini-mayhem cards for anyone that asks. just indicate it on the survey you receive from kickstarter (so we don't forget!). no need to change your pledge! thanks!
@joscel i will post some basics on gameplay below. however, if you (or anyone) would like more detailed instructions, feel free to direct message us and we will send you a pdf. however, please do not share publicly. step 1: draw cards at the beginning of his / her turn: a wizard draws two (2) element cards and one (1) spell card. step 2: discard (optional) at the beginning of his / her turn: a wizard may choose to discard cards. there is no limit to the number of cards that can be discarded each turn. however, cards can only be discarded once during a turn and only at the beginning of the turn (that way ethan can’t cheat anymore!). ;-) step 3: cast away! the wizard can now take the following actions if he / she possesses the proper cards to do so: cast one of the following magicka missile spells using two (2) identical elements to inflict two (2x) damage on a chosen opponent. baby boulder: 	requires 2x earth static stunner:	requires 2x lightning arcane arc:		requires 2x arcane cold cube:		requires 2x cold flickering flame:	requires 2x fire wet willy:		requires 2x water cast a shoddy shield to protect himself / herself (or an ally) from two (2x) damage using two (2) shield elements. heal himself / herself (or an ally) from two (2x) damage using two (2) life elements. cast a spell card ‘recipe’ by using the proper element ‘ingredients’. step 4: mayhem! the active wizard reads the mayhem card to the assembled wizards. the spell proceeds (or not!) according to the whim of the gods (i.e., mayhem card). step 5: turn ends the turn for the active wizard ends and proceeds to the wizard’s left (i.e., clockwise). step 5: winning / losing a wizard’s game is over when his or her health reaches zero. a wizard with zero health cannot be healed or revived or resurrected. dead… is… dead! a summoned elemental remains summoned even after its summoner has perished. therefore, an elemental can live on after a wizard’s death as part of that wizard’s team. note: this is an especially fun way to win! gameplay proceeds from wizard to wizard until only one wizard (or wizard team) remains standing (health greater than zero) while all other wizards (or wizard teams) have been vanquished (health of zero).
@nicholas wemyss we are looking at around 70 or so cards in the main deck and about 18 -24 cards in each of the add-ons. i hope that helps.
if i want to add on a second deck to the early wizard pledge, what is my total pledge amount: $35 or $40?  thanks.
@michael kuchta thank you so much! we really appreciate it!
@jon powell ethan can be pretty funny... at times! ;-)
@daniel huffman we are working on stretch goals now, but we will gladly take suggestions (as long as they don't significantly increase our production cost or delay shipping). thanks!
@chris eves thanks! we will do everything we can to do you proud!!!
@rui jiang gosh, we hope we aren't over-promising on the delivery date. we have all the production work lined up and ready to go. we also have designs completed for about 1/4 of the cards for the main deck. the actual printing turnaround is fairly quick. however, if we end up reaching a stretch goal of using more professional artwork then we will definitely need to push back our estimate. the box set is later (september) to allow time for the design of the add-on cards.
@matthew great question. yes, the gigantified box set is identical to the box set in every way except the cards are tarot-sized. unfortunately, we cannot change the text on the reward tiers, but hopefully this comment will help people. thanks!
@george thanks for backing! you don't need to have played magicka to enjoy magicka mayhem. however, we feel that it is a very good homage to that wonderful game.
@williamnorcutt great question about spells. many spells cause damage (yes, the number is the amount of damage the spell causes). however, they can also protect you from harm (shields), summons creatures to fight at your side, disrupt other spells, etc. we don't have a set number for the add-on packs yet, but 24 cards is a number that has been sticking in our heads!
@emmahall we have been getting a lot of questions and comments about stretch goals, but we are a little stumped. we would love to do some, but we want to be very careful about increasing our production costs. we have heard horror stories of problems with this in the past. any suggestions are greatly appreciated!
@troynewoff thanks for backing! yes, if you backed at the early wizard level you can simply change your pledge to the $15 level plus the difference. example: changing your pledge to $85 would get you the box set ($15 + $70).
@robertdorris thanks for the kind words! we really appreciate it!
thank you so much to everyone for all the excitement and support and love and suggestions! so sorry for the delay in responding to comments. as many of you know, we were in san francisco for the gdc where ethan launched the game on-stage. very fun time, but it ate up a lot of our time. well, we are back home and ready to engage. keep you questions and comments coming and we will do everything we can to respond and answer.
i have backed a lot of kickstarters and i am backing this one, i will probably back at one of the higher tiers, but to the creator ...communicate! i see questions 5 days old with no answers , keep it simple ,but keep it public... good job on the game !
i agree with my fellow pledgelings ... higher quality card stock/materials/boxes and kickstarter exclusive items
congratz! to me, stretch goals can can be dangerous. add new ones and if you cannot do it, problems will come! so k.i.s.s! some arts?  a better printed manual (or digital maybe)? new cards can be a problem to balance the game, so why not give more of the same deck? many of us don't care much about new goals on the campaign, so...no stress. keep a campaign, not a campain ;)
one of my favorite stretch goals is to upgrade the card quality.  love higher quality cards
stretch goal: a card with something to do with a skillet; weapon, magic item, random effect, etc.
happy st paddys day everyone
you asked about stretch goal ideas.... extra cards/classes of card, limited edition foil cards, a fancy box to put them in.... and for my humble opinion, stretch goals are a great incentive for people to buy in, as they see them as extra value etc, and it's also nice to have something kickstarter exclusive as a reward for backing.
just my opinion, but the kickstarters without stretch goals go so much smoother. i'll gladly go without stretch goals.
hey! really dumb question, but can i get the 1$ tier reward aswell if i back the next one and add a dollar on top of my pledge? i'd love to have the game printable in mini form, especially if shipping the real deal takes some time.
is there more detailed information about how the game plays, or a demo video of some sort? just trying to get a better idea of how exactly the game works.
just wondering, any chance of a general count of cards per main set and per add-on pack?
instant backing! awesome job, ericksons! ;-)
you guys had me at "get to the chopper!!!"
stretch goals?? would be nice..have a heart.lol...this will exceed 15k... :)
thanks guys, cannot wait, do us all proud.
can you give some information about the (seem-too-soon) shipping date?
is the $145 tier the same as the $95 level, but with tarot sized cards? it's not clear, but that's what i assume. can you clarify please? feel free to add some details on the campaign page about the add-on packs. thanks.
never played magicka, but i'm going to back this to support the fact that at 10-years-old, you've managed to start a kickstarter project with your dad. congratulations and keep that imagination going!
clever! i'll bite. (backed) i do have a couple questions: 1.) other than flavor text, what do the spells do? i see a number on the spell cards below the resource cost... is that damage dealt? 2.) how many cards are in the add-on packs?
fabulous idea! would love to see some stretch goals?
so what if i pledged at the early wizard level but really want the big box?  can i add to get to big box but still save an amount equal to the early savings?
does the early wizard get the same wyrm as the magicka mayhem: the card game?
at first i though paradox had come up with their own card game, but then i saw it was started by you, and while i was a bit puzzled, after reading through your story, i couldn't help but back immediately!  funding looks like it won't take long, and i wish you two the best of luck in your spellblasting hijinks!
