i never received my cord cruncher     pcourtleigh@ hotmail.com
i have not received a response to my message to support: i purchased 3 sets of headphones (2 blue, one red) as a kickstarter and was generally very happy with the product.  however, i did notice that the sound quality of the earbuds in the blue ones were much better than the red ones (severely lacking in bass). unfortunately, i lost one set and then one of the earbuds split in half in one of the blue and one of the red sets. i tried gluing them back together, but the tiny wires must have been damaged and they do not work.  i am quite disappointed at the quality of the product as i am always careful in crunching the headphones.  please can you send 2 replacement set (preferably blue, unless you have improved the quality of the other earbuds).
i just got a message stating that a replacement is on the way. thank you.
i too have a defective earbud. i sent 2 mails to support, several mails to jay johnson. jay johnson replied once, telling me to contact support. no reply from support. nothing in junk, whitelisted the whole domain. i will try contacting the support again. i am dissapointed :-(
i too have had a defective earbud.  i sent a note to your support staff, they asked a question about where the defect was, i told them and recieved no further information.  it was clearly a defect.  jay, i'd like to get a response and how you plan to clear up hte quality issues with your product.  thank you in advance.
hey berry,  did you send emails to support@cordcruncher.com or through ks messaging?    we rarely check this site anymore.
i have sent two emails concerning a defective earbud piece on my cordcruncher.  so far i have not received any response.  can you please help. thanks
hi sue, just got your post.  thanks for the info and the shout out!!
cord crunchers were a featured gadget on the giz wiz show on twit.tv. also shown on gizwiz.biz. loving mine.
hi pam, we never received a survey response from you! please contact support@cordcruncher.com and they will take care of you.
have they all been shipped? haven't received mine as yet.     thanks,           pam
@elton nice tip! not quite what i was thinking of, but the results would be pretty similar.
received mines some weeks ago here in brazil. orderes two black and one red. earpieces of the red cordcruncher are totally different from the black. they seem to be a little better also. one of the earpieces of one of the black ones just split in half after some uses... had to "glue" it together... regarding the second black cordcruncher, its left earpiece is a little bit louder than the right one. the red one is working just fine. sound of the black ones is more bass like than the red's sound. cordcrunching was amazing great with all of them, so the project/product was successful after all. we (my friends and i) are really enjoying the earbuds. hope your product gets even better with time so i may purchase some more of them. thanks!
edwin, this is for you... http://www.quirky.com/products/254-props-earbud-croakies "edwin on may 18 hi jay,  reading elton question i was wondering... wouldn't it be nice if the earbuds end of the sleeve had some type of (maybe optional/additional) clip to hold it in place and avoid weight and wires managing problems?  maybe a clip which could be attached to shirt's pockets and/or jacket inner pockets (use them a lot when managing earbuds long wires). clipping to bacpack's strap would be nice also.  other option would be a small magnet clip which i don't know if would be a good/bad idea considering that when the wires are crunched the earbuds would get too near of the magnet. something like this (unsuccessful) one: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/joestauffer/bud-buttons-magnetic-clip-cord-management"
will do.
hi marcus, approximately 1 percent (8 international orders have disappeared).  please forward this comment and your question below to support, and they will reship your order. sorry about the wait buddy.  also provide your mailing address again so we can be doubly sure we get it to you.
ok - i was told the phones were send 09th of june (?) but never have arrived in austria. contact support and after some delay got a "trackingnumber" which gives you nothing back but the date something was send from us. and when asking what the solution for this can be - no comment anymore. sorry guys - but this sucks ...
hi bruno, our customer support guys are pretty prompt with their replies. if it has been more than a couple days, go ahead and send them another message.
hi valerie, thank you for the great feedback! a quick note: you can pull the headphone cords apart from one another to increase the "split" length. it should in no way effect the quality of the product in any way, just be sure not to separate more than you need!
hi joshua, i'm not sure what you mean by "all different." we are currently in the process of developing a number of different cordcruncher variants. thank you for the feedback!
hi, i sent you guys an e-mail asking about my tracking number. it would be cool to track it, if i could. thanks, bruno.
hey, i received my black cordcrucher a week ago, thought i would give my opinion about it (: my first impression was that the cordcruncher sleeve seemed like a balloon tube, which was pretty quirky. but over time i have grown to like it and the texture is rather nice and smooth. the all black is pretty cool too and the fact that the earphones can become a bracelet/necklace is nifty. cord crunching is good, it's easy to pull the cord out of the sleeve and stretch the sleeve to put the cord back in. it's fun to do so as well! however, stretching the sleeve so as to put the cord back in can only be done after i have taken the earphone jack out from my phone/tablet. it would be good if i could adjust the cord length to make it shorter while keeping the earphones plugged into my device, but given the design of the cordcrunchers i understand it probably will be hard to do so. nevertheless, i really like the fact that i can adjust the cord length and quickly "crunch" the earphone cable to make it short and hence easy to keep. these are great and i think they are the main selling points of these earphones. as for the sound quality, i feel that it is pretty decent. it isn't better than my $100 klipsch earphones, but then again considering the price the sound quality really isn't that bad, above average actually. music is clear (albeit lacking a little in sound stage) and has a warm tone to it. the earbuds fit well in my ear and even help to block out some sound. notwithstanding its cordcrunching abilities, the cordcrunchers actually are rather good quality earphones. the only qualm i have is that my cordcruncher cords have a very short split length(?) between the left and right wires. the two wires join up together slightly below my chin, which can be a bit constraining for my neck at times. from the videos i have seen the two wires only join together at the upper chest region though, so this may be an exception on my part only. it only affects me slightly so it's not a big issue, would like to check with jay whether this is an exception? overall, the cordcrunchers are great earphones that are worth their money and i like them a lot. (: thanks for making an awesome product guys!! best regards ((:
received mine in germany.. didn't expect the black plastic looks so cheesy.. sound is muffled, i'm missing heights. crunching works great. hope it will last longer than i expect :-( good luck for your business
i got one of each color. why are they all different? the design is nice but i find that i'm sticking a free tangled pair i got because they just sound better than the headphones in the cordcruncher. do you have any plans to release a pro-version or something with higher quality?
thank you all for your continued feedback! if there are any issues with your cordcruncher order, please contact support@cordcruncher.com
i received mine.  does it's job. the whites right side didn't work until i twisted the plug a bit. i just wished the rubber didn't smell like condom. the earpieces also doesn't look the same. but other then that i couldn't find fault with it. really happy with the crunching!
i'm a $500-level-cordcruncher backer and i just received them. but, there are just 29 of them in the package, which are short of 3 of white and 1 of black ones. it means 4 of my friends won't get their cordcruncher on time. :(  besides, you mark 40 pcs of headphones on the invoice. it makes me be charges more tax than i thought. could you help me to check this out? thank you very much.
got the blue pair and they work great!!!!
hi ulrik, manos- we're very sorry to hear about the issues with your cordcrunchers! if you go ahead and contact support@cordcruncher.com, they will be able to assist you further.
hi jay i just received my cordcruncher -what a great idea! the crunching is fantastic for storing them! unfortunately the right earbud plays only about half as loud as the left one. is it possible to mail it in for a replacement?
received mine today. white - looks and sounds very crappy and cheap red - 1 speaker head broken apart - needed to glue it myself but no sound out of it black - ok and sounds the best out of the 3 no r and l embossed on them by the way
hi patrick, that's great to hear! we're glad you are enjoying your new tangle-free lifestyle, and promise that we are continuing to develop the next step of cordcruncher evolution.
hi freedoms_stain, wow! thank you very much for the detailed feedback! that is some very useful information to process.we're looking to begin our second production run here in the next few weeks, and we will definitely do our darndest to make sure that future cordcruncher units meet our expected standard of quality! thanks again!
finally, the age of untangled chords has begun!! i got my cord cruncher today and it's brilliant. and the sound is great, too. please come up next with headphone/microphone system for mobile phones. i'll buy one at once.
i received my cordcruncher order today, one each of red, blue and white. i found that from raw signal the blue units produced the most pleasing sound, the red was little high on the treble and the white was so muddy they were pretty much unusable. with a little eq tinkering on the red and a lot on the white i managed to make them acceptable. i'd take another look at the components you're using for the white units if i were you, even just aesthetically the ear pieces look and feel inferior to the red and blue units i received. even if you just used the same ear pieces as the red units, most devices will at least have a bass booster if not a full eq, and really without eq i would not use the white units and customers who buy these units and can't find a way to make them sound good will not be happy. if it's a case of me getting a one off duff pair then you need to be looking at your manufacturing and qa. also, despite sounding the best, the blue unit lacked any form l/r indication.
bruce (continued), no problem! i read these comments in the order they were received, so i apologize for not getting to your latest one first. my colleague uses a speck pixelskin (i think?), and has no problems with his connection. sorry about that! it's something we'll keep in mind for the future.
hi bruce, your previous comments were in a private message buddy! check your inbox!
hi kai, that's great to hear! we appreciate the comparison!
hi brad, thanks for the feedback! we're glad to hear the cordcruncher is working for you! let us know if the connection problem persists.
sorry, my bad.  i realize now that the "messages" are on a separate page.  however, still waiting to learn whether any of your colleagues has a speck candyshell case and is having difficulty plugging in the headphones like i am. thanks again.
hi jay - did you get my response about the speck case?  our family certainly likes the cordcrunchers that we received, but i am a bit perplexed that my previous comments have disappeared from the web page?  what gives? thanks, bruce
i got mine today and i really like them! the soundquality is - at least for me - on paar with other more expensive headphones that i own (ie sennheiser cx 300-ii).  crunshing them is a blast - especially when you know that there won't be tangled cords the next time you use them! but i had to watch the video, as i was to carefull at the beginning... thanks for this great product and all the best for the cordcrunsher future! p.s.: blue ones and no r/l as well - but i dont mind :-)
i got mine yesterday and love them so far.  my sound quality is great.  i'm glad you posted a video on how to crunch, i was really careful at first but now it seems so easy!  it makes working out so easy without that tangled mess in my pocket.   on mine the connector has to be turned a certain way otherwise one ear is out, is anyone else having that problem? i wish it had l/r but an easy fix is to plug em into your computer and do the l/r sound test and put a black dot with a sharpie on the left or right ear (whichever helps you remember).
hi irene, we're very glad to hear you're enjoying your cordcrunchers. thank you for the feedback! are your blue earbuds labeled as well?
hi susan, yours is one of nicest, most heartwarming comments we've ever received! thank you for making us feel special!!! tell them to head on over to www.cordcruncher.com/store to see about picking up a few more, but they might want to do it soon! we haven't received our second manufacturing run of cordcrunchers, and we're running low on a few colors!
i ordered 2 black, 1 blue and was pleasantly surprised to have already received them several days ago. i've only tried the black ones that i'm keeping; the other 2 go to son & daughter. i think they work well, both as headphones and the crunch function!  (just as a note, my pair has the r & l marked on the buds.) good job!
well, i gave my daughter the red pair. while she didn't try them for sound, she did think the "crunching" was cool! she said she can definitely use them for running, work outs, at work, etc. she had some friends over and the cord crunchers were passed around. they all liked them; thought they were a great idea and asked where they could buy a set. thank you, jay, for making me feel special! :-)
hi tony! while we experimented with a variety of colors for some of our early prototypes, we settled on black cords for all our production run units. in the future, we plan on introducing a high degree of customization, including different earbud types, sleeve, and cord colors.
hi erik, that's no good! please contact support@cordcruncher.com to see about getting a replacement unit.
hi kevin, that's great to hear! we are definitely looking into adding logos and insignias to the cordcruncher sleeve! thank you for your feedback!
hi michael, we're really sorry about that, and will make sure that all future cordcruncher units have the l-r differentiation!
i received my menage a crunch on saturday. i really like it. i can crunch like a real pro. the sound is good and the latex rubber seems to be strong enough. how is it possible that out of all the tens of thousand engineers who work for companies like apple, sony, samsung...and many others not one came up with this idea!!! my only less favorable comment is that the  video showed the orange cruncher with reddish orange colored wires but black wires were delivered with the orange cruncher. not a big deal.
so everybody else is noticing the reds are a little smaller? i gave my red pair to a female friend whose wrists are much smaller. future idea. i can see these selling with nfl logos and team colors.
allright easy to carry or fit into my bag and no tangled cords to unwind.
just got my black pair in and while i like the function i'm not crazy about the esthetic design it feels a little on the cheap side. i'd like to see a future version that offers some threaded wrapping around the latex sleeve giving a higher quality feel.
got my cord crunchers yesterday. these are cool! i played with one white pair which sound awesome! hubby likes them too but he's got to buy his own. lol  no l/r indicators but i can work around that. i have another white pair which i will check out today and a red pair that i plan on giving to my daughter. i will let you know what she thinks.
mine just arrived but only only one bud works, not happy! no l/r label eithr
my brand new white cord crunchers just arrived and they are wicked! great sound quality for a $20 set of headphones and more importantly, no tangles!!! these are going straight into the gym bag.
just got my cord crunchers. sitting here listening to my ipod. excellent sound quality and easy to crunch. just follow the instructions.
well i've had my cruchers and headphones for less than a week and both the earbud assemblies broke off and a hole got worn into the cruncher sleeve... delicate >o<
just got mine this morning. i haven't done audio tests on all three, but i'm finding my white pair is the easiest to fit around my wrist. the others are a little tight. the crunching is pretty simple, really. one for the gym bag, one for my laptop bag and one for the ipad bag, i'm thinking.
also i have had the same kind of sound as jason previously mentioned when inserting the buds.
loving my new blue phones guys, but as others have said mine seem to be lacking l/r differentiation.
hi jason, that's pretty strange. could you let us know if the noise persists? thank you for your feedback!
hi gabriel, unfortunately, one of our manufacturers used a softer cord material for our igizmo whites, and we must caution users who received those units to be more gentle. thank you for the feedback. we apologize for the inconvenience, and will make sure this is not an issue going forward!
it only happens when i put it in my ear. i believe it might be air trapped.
received my white ones today. they sound more bass-heavy than apple's earbuds but sound quality in general (mid and treble in particular) is quite "muddled" in comparison... one of the selling points for me was to be able to wrap them around my wrist during runs when they are not in use. seems that inserting the plug into the opposite side of the elastic band would end up scraping the earbud cords after a while. is there a better way to insert the plug...? thanks, gabriel
hi amanda, we're so sorry to hear about the absence of a left-right label, we will make sure this is addressed in the future! we're glad to hear that you are otherwise enjoying your cordcruncher!
hi jason, that is... bizarre. does the problem occur when you are listening to music, or only upon insertion?
hi dor, we're very sorry to hear that you're unhappy with the sound quality. are you comparing them to similarly priced headphones?
i just tried my blue ones today. they sound fine, but mine don't have the l-r label either. the bright blue color is very pretty. i am pretty pleased overall. plus crunching them and uncrunching them is fun!
i got my blue cordcrunchers today :d the sound quality's ok and they feel comfortable to wear but the headphone parts make a sound that i can only describe as a someone crunching a crisp packet in my ear when i put the piece in. i tried different ear puds even one from my old headphones but they still make the sound.
got my white ones today,the build quality looks great,but the sound quality is terriable,i feel like i listen to my music inside an aqueriem,pretty much dissapointing
hey eric, dave, joar, that is great to hear! it seems that some of our units have the left/right label, while others don't (???). we'll make sure that all units from future production runs are properly identified. thank you for your feedback!
thanks azamat! we'll be sure and check it out.
got my red ones, and the sound great! but there is no left/right label, so i always have to start with some song i know well.
i got my white ones saturday (6/9/2012) but didn't use them until today. sound quality appears fine thus far but i haven't done a side-by-side comparison yet. (the white ones do have a r and l embossed on them if you look carefully)
got the blue ones, surprised at how great they sound. very pleased !
i have blue ones with bad sound.
check your inbox, email sent with pictures!
hi azamat, daniel, we're growing quite concerned that there may be a sound quality problem with some of our white units. could you send an e-mail to support@cordcruncher.com describing the problem in detail? we'll make sure you guys get a working pair of headphones.
hi rob, hi brendon, we're really glad to hear that you are pleased with the quality of your units! could you let us know what color they are?
oops, double post, sorry about that...
greetings, my white earbuds, well, they sound muddled, and my right earbud (my earbuds are labeled left and right) is much louder than my left earbud. i switched them in my ears to confirm i wasn't just hearing things. any ideas on what's up with that?
just received my cordcruncher and am pleasantly surprised at the quality of the audio and performance of the product, highly recommended!
expectations :)
just received my cordcruncher.  extremely pleased with the performance.  exceeded all expetations!  thanks.
excited to receive my pair of whites. however, they sound muddled, and my right earbud (my earbuds are labeled left and right) is much louder than my left earbud. i switched them in my ears to confirm i wasn't just hearing things. any ideas on what's up with that?
ok now that i've used them i agree with keith. the sound seems off, i would say it sounds faded or muddled like he mentioned.
just got my white ones in the mail, thanks!
why didn't you label the left and right ear pieces? how are we supposed to tell for stereo music? i matters for classical music.
ignore previous question....selective reading at work...
did the black orders ship?
hey onniel, yooooou're welcoooooome!!!!
hi lawrence! as long as you follow the instructions on the card insert, your cordcruncher should last a long, long time. we've been using some of our early prototypes for years (yes, years!) and they are still crunching strong!
hi saul, i'm not sure what is going on there. the earpieces are broken and they aren't wired? please send an e-mail including a detailed description of the problem to support@cordcruncher.com. a picture of the product you received would be very helpful.
hi keith (nealy), that is very troubling to hear. do you mean the 99 cent base apple earbuds? i can assure you, ours are far superior to the industry standard for their price point, to say nothing of the default accessory shipped with your ipod. can you send an e-mail, along with the picture, to support@cordcruncher.com ?
hi keith (powers)! thanks for the feedback! we're so glad you're enjoying them! azamat, i'm sure yours are in the mail and will be arriving soon.
i got my cordcrucher in today and i love them = )) thankkkk yoouuuuuu!!!!
i just got my crunchers today and the sound is very crisp and clear. very cool cord management!  i hope it stays durable!
i received mine today - very disappointed in the fact that both headset earpieces were broken in transit - and there's literally no trace of them ever having been wired - as it stands totally useless
received my blue cordcruncher this afternoon. glad to get it, but the sound is terrible. it's muddled. the apple earbuds are significantly better. the package was run over by some vehicle. i have a picture of it with black tread marks. the cordcruncher didn't appear to be damaged, but perhaps it was. btw, there is no indication of right or left for the earbuds.
dang, got me excited for a little bit there!
sorry, blue.
@azamat, white.
your*
keith, what was you color?
just received mine today.  they look great and this is definitely an innovative product.
hi steven, azamat is correct, for the most part. truth is, we've been shipping them out for the last few days! we're coming up on the home stretch! a full update will be posted this weekend.
steven, they should be shipping them out today.
any update?
i cannot wait to get my crunchers.  then i can go to the driving range, hit balls while listening to my ipod nano!!
jc just posted the update chris!
thanks for the update. good to know. i can't wait to get my ccer
sorry for the delays folks. we were clearing our heads of jet lag this weekend after returning from china. expect a full update tomorrow!
any news on this? i've been eagerly waiting and got over exited when the ups truck came by, but it was just my new gpu. how is the production going? is the delivery still set for may?
i agree with other comments that are interested in seeing a generic use for a sleeve with existing buds. as an example i much prefer the over-the-ear design of my koss ksc-75, it's only the cord that annoys me! congratulations on everything you've achieved to date, and keep up the good work.
every time i have to untangle my ear buds, i just keeping thinking: soon, soon. can't wait!
hi cc backers.  sorry about the delay in updates. we have been in china the last two weeks and the prc is not too big on free-flowing internet communication.  we are currently in s. korea on a layover on our way to vegas.   we will have a detailed update on your crunchers posted by late  friday.  quick note...the units look and sound awesome!!  cannot wait to get them in you hands to show the world what an awesome product this is!  thanks for patience!!
adding my voice to the update request! much appreciated thanks
+1 for progress update.  thanks
progress report update? please & thank you.
hi j, any date for international shipments ? uk ? thx
hi edwin, thank you for the input! a clip is something we considered in the past, and may revisit in the future, but the current design of the cordcruncher emphasizes sleekness and simplicity above all else. it is a good idea, and we will definitely keep in mind. thanks!
hi jay, reading elton question i was wondering... wouldn't it be nice if the earbuds end of the sleeve had some type of (maybe optional/additional) clip to hold it in place and avoid weight and wires managing problems? maybe a clip which could be attached to shirt's pockets and/or jacket inner pockets (use them a lot when managing earbuds long wires). clipping to bacpack's strap would be nice also. other option would be a small magnet clip which i don't know if would be a good/bad idea considering that when the wires are crunched the earbuds would get too near of the magnet. something like this (unsuccessful) one: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/joestauffer/bud-buttons-magnetic-clip-cord-management
hi elton, we have found that the additional weight of the sleeve is not as problematic as the hanging weight of excess cord length. while the absolute weight is greater, the manner in which the weight distributes itself makes the cordcruncher's earbuds refrain from popping out as easily.
hi steven, we will be posting a progress report update tomorrow. sorry for the delay! it has been a very busy week.
how heavy is the sleeve? will the buds pop out my ears due to the sleeve's additional weight?
any word on when kickstarter backers will get their shipments?
hi valerie! unfortunately we are using two different procedures for our pre-orders and our kickstarter sales. additionally, the pre-orders will be processed after the kickstarter orders have been shipped, so there is no way to double up and save on shipping. sorry about that--hope this info helps!
hey, just wondering, if i were to pre-order on the website for a cordcruncher, how much will the shipping fee be (if it were shipped to singapore)? and do i still need to pay the shipping fee considering that i have already ordered one from this kickstarter page and paid the $5 international shipping fee? thanks! (:
thanks for the reply. i can see me using aftermarket sleeves it on thin usb cables and the like.
hey elton, for the foreseeable future, the cordcruncher headphone will remain a separate purchase and not an aftermarket solution. we are definitely exploring a variety of potential development paths though. thank you for the interest!
hi amanda, when retracted into the sleeve, the headphone cord and wiring is protected from external effects. we have not had any problems with the exposed cord portion of our cordcruncher headphone units, and some of us are still using early models many years old. hope this helps!
you did mention in the faq that i cannot use the cordcruncher with me own headphones. any future plans for a cordcruncher sleeve only? like amanda plaugher, i also have the same problem and with all the "wear and tear" all earphones will suffer the same fate, hence me asking about the sleeve.
today my headphones went out because of bad wiring. i can twist and twirl the cord until i can once again hear my music, tape the cord in place so i can go about my business, but no matter what i do i know that these headphones have to go. how likely are the cordcrunchers to have the same problem? does the sleeve help prevent this problem as well as it does the tangle problem?
hey greg, check your private messages. thanks for the support!
many congrats jay...i live in london england - is there any other way of getting the extra postage to your other than via paypal...i had a dispute with that company many yrs ago and felt badly let down by them so have vowed never to use them again!  best of luck with your venture...keep the innovations coming,
hi kenny... the msrp for retailers will be $24.99.  we will offer the units for $20 a piece on our website, but $4.99 shipping/handling will have to be added.  thanks for you and your wife's interest!
jay - i'm wondering how much these will be retail, and if you will be offering additional ones to your original backers for the $20 price.  my wife wants a pair now too!
hi manfred...we are setting up a method to facilitate this through paypal. we will notify you via an update soon.
hey alex... sorry to hear about your current headphones crashing. we are working hard to have a cruncher in your mailbox by the end of next month!
dear john, concerning the transaction id: 16r7ti8pevcu6zicahkisg8qgzz6l2nesi1 recipient: moxytronix amount: $50.00 for: pledging $50.00 to cordcruncher headphones on kickstarter. payment method: visa xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-3027 i learned that for the shipment of the cordcruncher headphones to europe an additional u$ 10 to the pledged u$ 50 will be needed. please advise how i can add the u$ 10 to my original pledge? thanks a lot in beforehand, manfred
just busted the last set of headphone i have.... my cordcrunchers can't come soon enough
oops! the two prior comments are from me...i forgot i was on my buddy steve mooney's login.  ...i'm sure he shares my sentiments though!
hi anders and kevin..those are some seriously nice words, and we are very appreciative of the feedback.  there are a number of moving variables with this manufacturing endeavor.  many of which, we do not have absolute control.  the one variable we can control, is an open and frank dialog with our first customers.  we love the feedback, not only because it is fun, but essential for our success. the cruncher is not a very intuitive product.  there is a learning curve, albeit short, for the product.  it is our hope that we can develop a very unique relationship with our ks backers to help promote our line of products, and keep us real.  ...we can get pretty myopic here in the cruncherverse!
hi valerie...thanks for bring up the "accurate color" question.  the photos presented in the project home look exactly like the samples i have on my desk right now. what is confusing is the construction-zone orange color labeled "rocket red" by the latex factory is actually...construction-zone orange.
looking at the projects anders has backed, that's high praise.  @anders, surprised that i don't see the phx pen on the list. you're already helping two other projects of theirs.
congratulations with a great result! i just wanted to tell you - and all others - that among the 19 (?) projects i've backed so far, this is by far the most pleasurable experience i've had on kickstarter. i back ks not primarily to get gadgets cheap, but because being part of and following the process adds enormously to the joy of owning and using. and with your level of communicating and sharing: you are simply the best!
hey, congratulations for getting funded! i'm glad to be a backer and look forward to receiving updates from you (:  i'm kind of undecided about which colour to pick though, could you post pictures that show an accurate representation of how the cord crunchers look in real life? in particular the red one as i'm wondering whether the red seen in one of the pictures is the real colour. i personally would prefer a darker shade of red so i would like to check before deciding. thanks a lot! (:
thanks holli!!
congrats guys!
howdy mikkel...thanks so much for noting the need to increase your payment.  we are trying to draw up a streamlined way to pay for the postage...we will notify all international orders once solidified.
hi ruth...as i mentioned to rick below, we can't change color choice now, but will try to work on a way to accomidate these last minute changes before we deliver next month. stay tuned to our updates and website's ks page when we launch it.
hi peter... unfortunately we cannot accomidate the mixing and matching of bud and sleeves.  we are looking into this customization in the future!
hi rick.. no prob on the typo. i've butchered too many names in my ks responses. ...and i'm sitting at my comfy keyboard. with regard to the color choice change. this is becoming kind of a monster now. we can't change the color choice now, but we are looking into a way to post the final tally and let folks make last minute changes before delivery.
i pledge $20 but need to add another $5 for international shipping, but i can't see the manage pledge button on your project main page?
i can't wait to show the guys at work this product.  changed my mind on the colour a few times as well.
love this product!! i can finally always have headphones on me at all times! just curious if we are able to mix and match headphone and sleeve colors when requesting? for example could i get one of my pair of headphones red with black sleeve?
not kay! but jay. typing on ipad ! aahhh!
kay, this is rick mercaldi. i submitted my address and changed my mind on colors a couple times. i want the blue as my final color. sorry for the confusion! can't wait to use it!
hi azamat. we art putting together a color flow chart that will give you visual snapshot of the project, and give you a pretty good approximation of the delivery date.
this might be too much to ask due to the number of pairs you have to send out. but will we get a tracking number or something of that sort to know when our corcrunchers will arrive?
michal ... very happy to have you on board buddy. it's been great communicating with you through the campaign!
anna, thanks for your support...and we are in the process of building a form to send out to each of you to confirm color choice.   i'm personally bursting at the seems to see how the color choice percentages develop.  because we are hq'ed in vegas, the cc crew is naturally taking bets on how those numbers will come down.  my entry...black 31%, blue 25%, white 25% and red 9%.
hi mike!  you the man!  thanks for the backing!
hi jay, how do we let you know which color we want? thanks! anna
well, i have just became a baker :-) the ménage à-crunch!
michael!!!  man...i was hoping you'd would pop up!  like a homeric mystic, you played a profound roll in this e-odyssey.  please drop me a line at jay@cordcruncher.com.  gotta connect with you buddy post ks!
hi lisa...that is funny on a number of different levels!! thanks for the well wishes!
jay - it's the microsoft guy you met at ces that pointed you at kickstarter (thanks for the mention!).  so glad to see your product here, catching it before the funding deadline, getting in on the backing, and finally seeing you exceed your goal.  the comments look great so i hope everyone enjoys headphones when they receive them! congrats!
jay,  computer..sorry. loooong tax season.  all the best to you
hey kevin! thanks for the assist and the backup!  yes, we are working on a color chart to show everyone the progress from tube procurement through manufacturing/assembly, to arrival in our warehouse to shipment to the ks backers. this chart will be up by tomorrow evening pst.  quick production notes for right now. we are knee deep in processing the white and blue elastic tubes for shipment to china. we ordered 10k black tubes earlier in the week for delivery within the next two weeks.  thanks again for all of the backers patience!
can we as a group promise that, once the funding cycle is compete, that we let jay go to work without needing to give us a blow-by-blow? if we won't get them in may for some reason, i trust him enough to tell us this based on his responsiveness to this point. the "it's been x days since an update" comments are the worst.
just adding my vote for cordcrunchers with a mic. that would be fantastic! best wishes for continued success.   marie
hi paul...we will sending out a survey after the project ends.  you will be asked for color choice at that time.  thanks for your support!
rob! thanks for your support buddy! will buy a round for the boys the next time we get to socal!  ...bond will have to pay for his own suds.
dave, that is very good idea...and the one i favor at the moment.   we will have to check with our manufactures about the availability of this configuration and test them to see if the "boom" mic gets in the way of normal function.
hi robert...that is a really cool idea, but because the "floating" mic would not be physically attached to the wire network of the buds, it would have to work on a wireless basis and thus have to incorporate a power source.   in other words, the cool floating mic would have to be charged and electronically configured to to send bluetooth signals to the buds which in turn would have to be a bluetooth receiver.  once again, a very clever idea though!
i didn't see where i could choice my color.   how is that done?
congratulations jay!  looks great
mike could be attached to one of the earpieces on a wire that would bend and hold a shape to help position it
any way to build the mic into the end of the cover? then slide the cover up to use the mike.
hi manfred, thanks for the comment below.  this is an area that our friends at kickstarter need to review.  we have received more questions regarding foreign orders than all the others combined!  i've checked on many other popular projects as well that feature international shipping and see the same questions.  bottom line, in order to work within the current kickstarter pledge configuration, all foreign orders that did not originally add the extra shipping...need to:   1. click manage your pledge,  2. then click in the box containing the amount to add shipping.  3. amazon will then add the increase to the new total.
would take a set of high-end cordcruncher akgs for sure! i'll have to wait and hope, thanks for the answer jay
your message in poject update #15 is somewhat cryptic to me. having pledged as a european $50 a week ago my credit card was charged. do i have to add an extra $10 now and if so how do i do it? red baron
hey kevin...been an wild 10 days for us!  we appreciate the increased pledge, and are fired up about getting the units to you guys.  now the real work begins!
wow, this was at $3,000 10 days ago. upped my pledge tonight, and i'm all for those usb chargers too. hope this is the start of a great little company.
brother chase!  we will send you out a batch of the beta usb to micro usb units when we get them late this summer.  thanks for being there with us there from the beginning!
hi alex,  thanks for bringing that matter up.  it is our expectation that we will leave cruncher enabled,  higher-end headphones to be manufactured by other headphone companies through licensing agreements with us.  a number of our business associates have las vegas and southern california music industry connections.  through these channels, we will be sending out sony, akg and sennheiser outfitted with the elastic sleeves to djs this summer.  if the dj's like the technology, we will present to this end of the industry.
jay - congrats on a sucessful launch. it's been fun watching this whole thing happen. i just saw the update with the usb cord cruncher; please let me know those are available. i want some.
any chance you will produce monitor quality version down the road
jay- thanks for the quick response. i might just go with the available colors because i don't want to wait that long! :)
hi susan...i'm sorry but if you order black within the $50 tier, you will have to wait until the blacks get to us before delivery...that being said... we are putting a hustle on the black order, and may airfreight the units to our factories in china if they can get on the production line by the middle of may.  it all depends upon our latex manufacturer.  will update as that develops.  with that in mind, we are going to be posting a report with regard to the kickstarter order so our backers can have an up to date view of the production flow and delivery.
jay- i am happy to see black will be an available color and i understand the delay in shipping. i ordered the 3 pack. i have earphones stashed everywhere and am already anticipating that i will love these so much that 1 pair just won't do! is it possible to ship the other 2 and then just ship the black when it becomes available? thanks!
hi susan...very happy to elicit that impulse-purchase.  seriously...we are very appreciative of your pledge!!
this is something i have needed but didn't know it until now. can't wait to get them in the mail.
angus!  thanks for your support and interaction on our facebook site.  your input is deeply appreciated!
also bob...once the project ends an email will be sent out via kickstarter asking for your color choice.
hi bob.  our color choices are the red, blue and white mentioned on our kickstarter page.  we have included a photo of the color choices for your review there as well.  and...due to the huge number of requests for black crunchers, we will be posting an update later today offering this color as well.
andi...the sleeve is made of natural latex rubber.  while it is a special formulation that extracts out 95 of the proteins that normally cause the allergic reactions, there are some people who will have reactions.  bottomline...if you have a latex allergy, the cruncher may not be a good product for you.
hi rick...thanks for words of support!
a fantastic idea! i've pledged - this is exactly the reason why kickstarter was started in the first place! for amazing projects like this one! can't wait to get one & spread the word!
jay:   i wondered about color selection- now i know that will happen at the end of the drive.  wish you well with this product. an interesting concept.  bob
what is the material of the cordcruncher? just asking because there are a lot of people with latex allergies out there.
nice work everyone! great product!
hi anna and john...yes, you get to choose your colors.  you will be given a choice of blue, red and white at the end of the drive.  thanks so much for your support!!
hi jay, i am excited about trying the cordcrunchers!  was wondering when we get to pick the color? thanks! anna
jay, i just pledged and look forward to receiving the cordcruncher.  i didn't see any way to select a color?  blue would be cool.
hi azmat, we do not have any miked buds yet, but would love to utilize you as a beta tester when we develop the units this summer.  please like our facebook page www.facebook.com/cordcruncherheadphones and you will be notified when we need these folks to help our efforts.
is there any chance that you guys have a pair of buds with a mic and playback controls like dave and jane received? these are great but mic and controls are a necessity for me.
hey jay....hell of a day thanks to jay! thanks for the texas-sized pledge partner!
way to go jay!!!!!!!
hey kevin!  yeah....you and our loyal first backers were a lonely crew during the first part of this drive.  we were contacted by a pr firm maxborgesagency.com during the middle of the campaign. they thought we had a winner, but didn't have access ti proper press channels.  we hired the group, and our agent samantha drazin started hammering out some very influential press releases.  fast forward,...we started getting samples out to important blogs and news sources.  we are deeply appreciative of samatha's efforts, and humbled by the superlative feedback from the press.   thanks again for your support and encouragement from the start!
hi carlos,  we are definitely going to work on the miked earbud this summer.
i'm really glad this day is here, especially since a week ago it seemed dead in the water. jay's got a good product, and he's been really proactive about backer communication. even with my skullcandy headphones on my work computer and my beats in my pocket, i'll definitely find a home for these things.
you guys think with extra funding there might be a microfone option? i would very much love that! and congrats!
ivar! that is a great idea. we are currently working on a miked earbud, behind-the-neck, and usb cord configuration, and did not think about the two cord configuration of the expensive headphones.  great idea that we will hop on!
hey jason! thanks for the congratulations!  this is a great day for us!! with regard to your question, we will be providing eartips in small, medium (on the units), and large.  if you wear them on your wrists, we advise to superglue the tips on onto the buds!
congratulations!! $20,027
good luck i really do hope this works as its such a great product. the jack looks like its better protected as well. i always end up losing the rubber ear pieces will they be come with different sizes?
these seem really neat, looking forward to trying them out :) i'd like to suggest you look into offering a simple extension cord (i.e., male jack on one end and female jack on the other). there are plenty of headphones that come with really short cables meant to be extended, and that would allow us to choose more expensive headphones.
hey hugues...many thanks to prontoproto and and your friends at proto3000 for your collaboration in this project!  i highly recommend your rapid-prototyping services to companies and inventors!
keep up the great work jay!
we appreciates the international support the cc receiving! and thanks for remembering to include the extra postage needed for shipping.
hi famille... yes, you get to choose the from any of the three cruncher's colors.  the color choice is made at the end of the project after funding.
hi, you show 3 color for your product. as a backer, do we have choice for the color of the headphones that we will receive?
big shout out to will for the epic pledge. look forward to working working with you!!  all hands are on deck to fill the travel pac order!!
hi teresa! thanks so much for the support, and we appreciate the fashion accessory shout-out as well!  tell javaun we said howdy!
i am a friend of javaun's. love you headphones. i wore them on my wrist to a hotel gym when i was out of town. they were really convenient and easy to keep up with. good luck! i just pledged. teresa
hey sean! thanks for support buddy!  we really appreciate your twitter and g+ blasts.  we have just hired the pr firm of maxborgesagency to ramp up our press coverage.  so we are hoping these next two weeks will be a good one for the cruncher!
i just found your project today and i love the idea. sorry i missed seeing these at ces, i was there covering android products so i didn't really have time to look around for other cool stuff. i shared the project to my g+ and twitter which is a few thousand folks so hopefully it'll shake a couple more backers out of the woodwork. best of luck.
wow, i hope this gets funding. good product and jay has been overwhelmingly responsive to comments and questions.
kevin...just put up the video answering your question below. thanks for you input buddy!
hi eddie.  the miked buds will be on the market towards the end summer.
these things are bad arse. so, i am using over the ear headphones cuz i'm a nerd. will this be available at some time?
hi kevin, great question. yes the bracelet configuration does does stay on your wrist.  the secret is the "flexi fit" head (patent pending) which mates with the phono plug.  the the plastic head (which is used to extend the the elastic sleeve when storing) is also designed to flex when the phono plug is inserted into the cord conduit.  this provides a snug coupling.  we will produce a video to show this exactly.   to answer your question regarding the casing (which we call the elastic sleeve), it does hold it's shape because the headphone cord is filling its volume when in the stored configuration. this will be evident in the video as well.
had a question as to doubling it up to make it a bracelet ... how well does it stay on your wrist? does the casing hold its shape, or is there something that connects the two ends? i do love anything that reduces tangling (backed recoil winders for the same reason.
update to jane and david...we got the search "cord cruncher" to link to our page. thanks again for the heads-up!
thanks jane and dave,  first of all for the pledge and just as importantly the notation that cord cruncher as two separate words is not pulling up the page on kickstarter.  we will try to correct that. thanks again!
simply brilliant!  the tangling issue has now been solved and anyone who uses earbuds knows what i'm talking about.  i also like the idea of a microphone for the older worker-outer who likes to be able to answer the phone if necessary, unlike our kids! one more comment...when searching for "cord cruncher" on kickstarter, it doesn't show up if you put a space between the words.  could that be corrected so you will get more exposure.  i want this product to reach it's goal!!!
thanks johnny boy! these units do not come with a microphone, but we will send you one of our skullcandy prototypes that do.
very excited about the opportunity to use the cordcruncher with cell phones.  the jaw bone keeps running out of juice and i've moved back the microphone cord.  i'm always on the phone closing bizness!!!!
thanks sharon!  keep those multitudinous swans a comin'!
definitely a cool product and will push the swan family to pledge!  kathy & i are in!
hi rayson! thanks for your pledge, and your interest in bring cc products to your country.  i will forward the email of our asian market representative through the private messaging feature here on kickstarter.
hey sky! wow...i appreciate the commentary, and good words on the cc technology.  you will love these buds!  with regard to your question about the cc sleeve, we are not selling the sleeve as an add-on.  they have to come already equipped on the units. we are interested in licensing the sleeves to companies such as apple.  it is our hope that voices like yours are heard loud and clear though the megaphone of kickstarter!  thanks again for taking the time to communicate with us, and we deeply appreciate your donation and support!
if i have a favorite pair of headphones, is it possible to put them into the cc sleeve, or does it work only with the headphones provided? (great idea btw - for all of apple's brilliant styling and focus on user experience, i have often wondered why they haven't come up with something better - their headphones are some of the worst for getting themsleves tied up in knots - thanks for fixing the problem).
hi jay! this is rayson from singapore. your product is awesome! i look forward to working with you and bringing in your products into my country. i'm definite this project will be funded!
joe...you da man!   thanks for the kind words, and early support!!
i am in! these are the most creative, innovative devices i've ever seen in my life. they are incredible! i cannot imagine anyone wanting to deal with tangly cords after they have the ability to use these cord crunchers!
hey missy! thanks for the awesome pledge!
caron.  epic pledge man!
sharon you rock! thanks for the benjamin!
thankyou christian nelson!!!  $500 pledge!  you are incredidible!!
cc wants to thank our buddy steve mooney for being the honored first donor!
