windows 8.1 has 11% of the market, linex 1.5%, osx about 5% of the market.  it looks like you developed your software for a tiny part of the potential market.  not so smart, sam.
hi sam lab, i haven't received my sam kit. would you check if sam is delivered to me, please? thank you!
hi @peterpur, thanks for the feedback and comment. we released the cloud module beta version last week. please see the update and follow the step-by-step video guide to get started. sorry for not following up earlier and thanks for your support.
the lack of updates makes me concerned that this is not going well. you promised the cloud module update for end of august, and it is now end of september - did i miss it, or was it just delayed. i would have no problem with a delay, but it would be great if we had some official statement to hold on to. also, my communication attempts regarding my broken servo modules are being ignored. i know that developing such a huge (and, i want to say, awesome) project is time-consuming and can eat up more ressources than planned. still, please, do now go silent. peter
hi @yeo yong chang thanks for the comments and questions. the best place to get all your questions answered is to email info@samlabs.me. the code view was replaced with the help sidebar that shows you what javascript values to code, so you will not be able to see the code generated. for any further questions/ comments please contact us on the info email directly. in terms of a community chat, we currently have our community page: https://samlabs.me/community, but using the app is also a great way to communicate with us. thanks for your patience and support.
hi i have tested sam on windows 8.1 and it work but why is it i cannot see the code on the right side as what you shown at kickstarter? how should i do to be able to see the code? is there a forum or community that i can chat with or you prefer me to ask using the software downloaded?
thanks, virtualbox didn't give me an option for 64-bit install (even though my host is 64-bit). i'll keep researching and will hopefully have better luck.
hi sam labs. i finally got the kit but the packaging is bad. i don't know whether it be working. going to test on it and update you guys.
thank you for assistance.
@yeo yong chang, thanks for the comment. we are looking into it and will get back to you as soon as possible. thanks for your patience and sorry for the wait!
hi sam labs i have email the shipping company base on the tracking code and website you have email me but they reply they do not know of such tracking number or item with them. can you check what is going on? thank you
@ryan, thanks for the comment and sharing. we currently only run sam on microsoft 8.1 and upwards, osx and linux. if you're running linux it needs to be a 64 bit machine. if you would like to get further answers please email: info@samlabs.me. thanks ryan!
@yeo yong chang, we are looking into the shipping for singapore and will get back to you as soon as we have contacted the shipping company. sorry for the wait!
has anyone experienced issues running the app on linux? i'm on windows 7 (it does install but won't work), so i installed virtualbox running ubuntu 14.04.2. when i try to start up the sam app after installation, nothing opens. any plans to start a forum on the website?
hi sam labs, possible to check on your side normally how long will it take from your side to singapore? i'm unable to call the shipping company to enquire about the status so how would i be able to know what going on? base on the tracking number you send me the website show since 03/07/15 the item has still in transit and no update till now. i believe everyone or most ppl should get there kit by now.
@yeo yong chang, sorry to hear your kit hasn't arrived. can you please email info@samlabs.me. thank you.
@peterpur, thanks for getting in contact and thanks for the kind words. sorry to hear about the servo. please try connecting a button to the servo and see if it goes beyond 135 degrees. if the issue persists, please email info@samlabs.me. in terms of a community page, we currently have our community page on our website: https://samlabs.me/community. with regards to break out or api, we are not focusing on this at the moment, but stay tuned for updates. we're really excited about your excitement for sam and we want to see your community project! :)
anyone from asia country or singapore? i have not received my sam kit from the day they send out.�
i yesterday received my kit, and it is absolutely awesome! i've already spent hours with it, and many more hours will go into it. a number of questions have popped up, and since there is no community forum on your site, i'll just ask them here: - do you plan to offer a community forum at your site? i think this would be highly welcome for all the tinkerers as i have an urge to not only share projects, but discuss ideas, approaches, and, of course, problems.  - i have a problem with the servo; it ignores the angle set in the options, and always does a 135° turn when fed with a value of 100. is this a software problem that will be fixed with a future update, or did i end up with a borked servo? - do you plan for more sams? more specifically, do you plan for »breakout« sams that lets us control external things, or »interface« sams that translate external signals to sam?  - do you plan for more programming support, or documentation, so that we can eg. code our own »apps« (like the twitter and facebook modules in the sam app), or is the »custom code« module all we get? i love sam, and everybody i've shown it to was impresset. i can even see my workplace buy a couple of boxes for the students. peter
@kevin, thanks for the comment and suggestions. if you email info@samlabs.me, you can get targeted help for any specific questions you have. otherwise, have you used the code module? the code module has the logo "</>" and once you drag it between linked blocks on the software you double click on it and there you can code javascript. the right side will tell you how you can use it to customise the relationships between the different sams.  thanks
@lou m. and @dave s, hi, thanks for sharing. the project inserts are underneath the foam and you can see how to start making your project under (?) in the bottom right of the software and clicking on "getting started." the explore, learn, make & pro all have their own unique project to get started with.
having fun with the new kit although i have hit a wall where i just don't understand enough about what the apps are supposed to do or how to code y own.  couple of suggestions.  some code api reference (simple things like "how do i send output to a log" would go a long way) and a community board where we can help each other out.  if either of those are available currently can someone point me to them?
@lou m.  that's what i said 5 days ago!  i took a day to find them and wanted others to avoid the same thing.  it's such a lovely snug fitting foam insert that you don't feel like pulling it out is the right thing to do.  the whole thing is all very well packaged.
hanging my head in shame i wanted to note to everyone else that i found some really nice cardboard die cut pages beneath the foam insert for the demo project that are provided for your kit level. i remember looking at the instructions last night and thinking "well, those are cool i wonder where i can get the files to print them out....." then it dawned on me today, that, you know what, they're probably in one of the boxes, and low and behold there they were. so, look everywhere you will find all of the things you need to build the sample for your kit level. you can access the instructions by clicking on the question mark in the lower right of the interface. happy hacking, and i hope i'm the only one who missed it... :-).
hi @adrian thanks for the awesome support! we're so excited that you've started building and making with sam. we can't wait to see what you come up with and share on the community page.  have you created anything yet?
hi @dave thanks for your kind words and support of sam, we're glad you're enjoying your projects. if you have any further questions don't hesitate to get in contact with info@samlabs.me.
well done guys, i love this product and i am really excited about what the future holds, as this product is going to go from strength to strength. i can image all types of sensors, and with a strong community this is going to be great fun. can i request all backers to share there projects, especially where custom code has been used, this will allow us who are noobs to eventually be able to add some value, we just need to learn from the guru's out there. happy samming everyone. regards one happy backer p.s @alan i will gladly buy yours off you for what you paid for it, as long as remains intact and unopened. you can never have too much of this stuff.
i don't think anyone wants me to upload a project with a switch and led.  just to let you all know i am using a macbook and the osx software works very well.  it noticed i hadn't had bluetooth on and once on all was fine.  i like software that treats you like an idiot but allows you to be advanced as well.  i actually downloaded the software before noticing that there is a memory stick included with it on.  also there are cardboards cut outs hidden under the foam for the project that there are instructions for in the application.  have a glue stick ready.
@pareshkumar thanks for commenting! we're excited for you to start making with the family. for a step-by-step guide, simply click on the bottom right of the software, and you'll see a (?) question mark. click on it, and then the a menu appears. click on "start the tutorial," and it is a step-by-step guide to using your sams. if you have any further questions don't hesitate to contact info@samlabs.me.
hi @alan, sorry to hear that! currently we offer windows 8.1 above, linux and osx. if you're able to get access to one of those machines you'll be able to start building with your make. try enquiring at info@samlabs.me. thanks!
hi @dave,  thanks for the wonderful feedback, we're glad you're enjoying you sams. be sure to upload your projects to the community page, which you can simply access by clicking on the sam logo on the bottom right of the sam software. the cloud will not be supporting email for the time being, but we will let you know when email is integrated.
i have two young kids who i want to show this to. maybe a stupid question from an old guy, but do you have any step by step guide or videos that show the process from the start?
are there any plans for an android version of the app as i don't have and apple devices, a windows 8 pc or linux leaving me with the sole option of using my windows phone or treating my sam as an expensive paperweight. :(
5 minutes after opening the box i had leds coming on and changing colour with a button press and had photos being taken triggered by the tilt switch whilst simultaneously changing the led colour.  the ui is very simple and a bit like scratch and legomindstorms.  my 6 year old has played with scratch so i think she'll pick this up (if i let her have a go!).  this is a great start.   one question - when the cloud module is available will it be able to email?  the current software appears to do twitter and facebook but maybe that's from the pc running the application.  i want it to be able to email.
@kian-peng ong thanks for the comment, we can't wait either! @gabriel it would be great if you can please email info@samlabs.me for any questions regarding shipping. @dave we are super excited for you to play, be sure to share what you've built!
the postman has just handed mine to me.  i'm working so i can't play yet but i am looking forward to getting going.
well done sam labs.  looking forward to starting to play.
hi will i be getting shipping details so that i can track it. thanks gabriel
hi will i be getting shipping details so that i can track it? thanks gabriel
hi will be getting shipping details so that i can track it. thanks gabriel
kudos to the team! can't wait to get it
@judith thanks for writing did you see the update? thanks.
getting close to 22nd june - is shipment still looking feasible? thanks
looking forward to sam and showing off the system to people in nantucket ma.
possible to add sam pro+ or the extra sensor for purchase on your website asap?  really need those extra sensor for my project. thanks so much.
hi @pareshkumar, thanks for your feedback. unfortunately we can't make the process go faster... if it was up to us, we would! i'll get in touch with you via ks messaging to see if there's anything we can do. thx! j
the new delay is going be an issue. we had planned on using sam as a project for my son's class this year (scheduled in may). in the us the school year ends in june and this makes it difficult with exams in june.
i had select the sam pro package but would like to add a proximity sensor. how can i do that? please update me. thanks
thank you all for your pledges and the amazing support. we feel humbled and privileged to have your support! the team is now focusing 150% on getting the kits to your doorstep. with the 45.7% of focus remaining (yes, we're engineers), we'll be working on new material to demonstrate sams full potential, so be sure to follow us on twitter and facebook for all the latest! - your samlabs team
great guys, looking forward to your products launch....
congratulation for your successful campaign!!!!!!!
congratulations! great project, great pr efforts! looking forward to receive my kit and to get started. :-)
congratulations guys! it will be hard for us to wait before we can explore it ourself :) enjoy the celebration guys!
congrats, sam labs! can't wait to get your product :)
great product, when will this be manufactured as a product that goes on shelves
cant wait till i get my sam make in the mail
this project seem promising. looking forward on your launch. :)
hello, just got back from mozfest 2014! thanks for your questions :) @rikka, the retail prices are looking to be a bit higher than the ones listed here on the page, will be confirmed in due time! @augustin, we're getting a lot of support from backers pledging £9 for the app and that's the best way to get it currently and it currently works for sam enabled devices.
hi @creator, what are the retails prices like for sam? will it be higher or lower than the current kickstarter pledges? thanks!
any chance we can get a beta test for the app? could it work with other ble enabled devices? that would truly be the best app ever!!!
thanks for the encouragement stefan!
let's go guys!
hi mark, hi yves, thanks a lot for the comments! we're working hard on our invention, and are super happy about the media coverage. it's really breathtaking! thanks for your support! joachim
hey, fellow backers, we need to do a better job of promoting this to our friends.  in order to ensure we become a permanent active community there should be at least 2000 backers.  this is such a world-changing project, there is no reason that this shouldn't happen. thanks mark
dear joachim and this team, congratulations for your invention and for the way you developed it. not only it will help a lot of people but it will bring attention to a new way of relations. yves
@cedric great! we are excited to send it to you and see what amazing things you build with it! joachim
can't wait to get this kit to play at home and build prototypes!
@theo the components run even when the app is closed. it is uploaded by a simple drag and drop interface. joachim
do you just use the app to upload code to the devices (like arduino) or do you have to have the app running in order to use? and if the latter - as an extension from the app, how likely is it that you guys will open source software libraries for arduino (raspberry pi, and similar), allowing independence from computer/phones, to control and run the modules?
@ym tees thank you so much or your support. we are really excited about the progress too! would love to chat about coming to your school. could you please send us an e-mail about that to info@samlabs.me and we can take it from there. joachim
amazing progress guys! have you thought about doing more workshops with children? we'd love to have you over at our school ym
@sen harada: thanks for your pledge! the language will be javascript! joachim
which programming language can be used in sam app? javascript or a derivative of it?
@yeo we have been testing relays and other similar systems, it is something we would really like to add to the sams family in the future. you will be the first one to know!
@benoit thanks for your pledge! we will definitively have a community forum up and running by the time you will receive your kit!
will you be considering a relay & bluetooth module as this will make the stretch goal much more faster & easier to hit
hello sam team, what a creative idea. once started, an active community should develop through a forum etc..  can't wait to see the thing working  :-)
@firman, yes! @geoffrey, thanks! that's exactly what we've aimed to do :) joachim and the sam labs team
will the software run on linux too?
such a cool product! i've been looking for an easy way to automate things at home and at my company's testing lab. previously automating things required specialists, lots of programming knowledge and lots of money. now it looks like your devices and your app are going to make this accessible to anyone. i hope you'll develop industrial type modules and relay boards that are compatible with your simplified visual app! it's like arduino or raspberry pi for beginners and for people that want cool automation without needing lots of knowledge. congratulations!
@joe forjette, thanks for your pledge! - the sams developed until now are: button, slider, pressure sensor, tilt sensor, proximity sensor, colour sensor, light sensor, thermometer, smart light, buzzer, servo motor, fan, dc motor, vibration motor -all modules have got their own micro-usb rechargeable lipo batteries, without their 45minutes recharge and at constant usage, they last from 2/3 weeks (button) to 30 minutes (dc motor) - possible projects include room alarms (proximity sensor and buzzer), prototypes of thermostats (thermometer, vibration motor, buzzer, phone), instalation art projects involving lights, and more! -the app is currently required to get the project working team: stelios ioakim - masters in electrical engineer, imperial college london yosuke ushigome - msc. robotics (university of tokyo), ma interaction design (royal college of art) seonwook park - msc robotics, eth zurich tomasz nguyen - msc. mathematics, imperial college london edward white - electrical engineering, imperial college london costas papacostas - masters in electrical engineering, huddersfield university kevin haugn - masters in computing and business, trinity college dublin we're now all working together from a collaborative workspace in london. as for manufacture: we've got all the bom components calculated and agreed upon by our suppliers, all the modules pcbs panelised for 10k productions, all the documentation signed with our manufacturers, and the distribution&logistics clarified. our main issue is that we are engineers and designers, and not marketers. we've done all the development work and are relying on word-of-mouth by our friends to get the word out :) but we've been quite blessed with our community until now! - we have kept the team small and compact to ensure low costs and high output. we plan to hire depending on the kickstarter outcomes and future projections. - a fully funded kickstarter campaign will kickstart our product and company, allowing us to continue working and developing the sam products. thanks for your questions! joachim
i love the idea behind this project and would love to move to a higher pledge level, but would it be possible to post more technical details about the sams? - what are all the modules that are currently being developed or are available as pre-production and what plans are there for other sams? - if they are wireless how do they get power and how long the modules' batteries last per charge? - what are some more examples of projects that can be made, both basic and advanced? - is the app required to get any project working? the videos are very impressive but more details about the product and team would be appreciated and help me feel comfortable with moving to a higher pledge level: - who is the team, what is their experience in this area and why are they uniquely qualified to pull this project off? the quote in the video about working from internet cafes and university labs from around the world doesn't exactly instill a lot of confidence in the team's experience and ability. - what is your vision for scaling this team for when you move to production and beyond? - what is your experience with dealing with the manufacturing and logistics side of things? - what specifically will a fully funded kickstarter do for this project? thanks and keep up the great work, joe
amazing progress guys, you must be buzzing!
@tanaka thanks for your support! at this time, it is only the hardware schematics that will be open-sourced. we may open source the firmware and software later down the line, once we have thoroughly investigated the implications of doing so.  thanks @sam, great name!  @michael cheers for the heads up, we added it to the page! thanks, joachim
looks really interesting and a great step forward. good luck to you guys! i found you via a techcrunch.com article. sam.
i am backing this great project. opening the arduino type development to everyone :) also, congrats for making it on cnet, you should add it on your page.. http://goo.gl/ay2ekx
it is lovely to see such a well executed product from a startup in london and i hope you guys smash your goal. as a (very) recent graduate from imperial i am sad to not to have heard about this project before! i have a question to ask with regards to the openness of the platform. will any custom firmware, the sam app and the sam cloud software be made available to those who purchase the product? at least at the pro tier, or is the access limited to just the schematics. i know this might not be of interest to everyone but i think there may be a few like me who want to learn about the internals and possibly modify it suit their individual needs. i understand it is difficult to release everything out in the open and still make money, especially when there is a risk clones from the likes of olimex or the risk of patent litigation from trolls. but then again it is not unheard of, epic made the source of their highly valuable unreal engine 4 available to their customers over github without any special ndas, the kickstarter project, espruino is probably more relatable example.
i love how fast this campaign is moving. congrats guys!
@ym tees, @andy, thank you it's awesome to have your support!
wow! that's exactly what i wanted. i've been trying to create wireless systems for a while and this looks super easy :d thanks! this looks awesome.
this has to be the coolest iot lego type funkness i have seen on kickstarter - cannot wait to getting playing with it.
20% in 3 hours? keep up this pace, and you'll hit £3m before the campaign ends. :-)
*after makerfaire ;)
@lou, many thanks for your pledge and for keeping in touch after kickstarter! joachim
i enjoyed meeting and chatting with the sam team at maker faire nyc. great project. can't wait to see how this all turns out!
@rahul, hahaa! @sophie, thanks, kickstarter is rather nerve-wracking!
e lego!  can i get a whhaaaaatttttt?
can't wait! have fun with the excitements of the kickstarter :)
thanks michael and chiara! can't wait to send them your way :)
i have been following you guys, eager to actually receive your first batch and start creating :d
cannot wait to start playing with this! best of luck to the sam team!
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
