still waiting for an update please
bonjour j'ai reçu mes semelles au mois de janvier et tout fonctionnait bien jusqu'au milieu février là semelles gauche se connecte bien mais ne chauffe pas ne se décharge pas est ce qu'il y'a quelque chose à faire pour la renistialer merci
after 2 weeks step counter stop working, reinstalling the app didn't help.  left insole is discharging far more quickly and often my walk end with 5% battery in the left and 50-75% in the right insole. temperature is set equally on both. since at 5% the heating turns off, only step count is recorded and as i mentioned in my case step counter is broken so at 5% i am carrying useless insole rest of the trip.  i can reach 5% within an hour on max heating, half the advertised period, which is disappointing.  i will contact support and report back later.
january, and february have come and gone...  can i get a update please???  was told by the end of january 2017.
i received my replacements a few weeks ago but as it has been around 37c i haven't had an opportunity to test them out & will be about 3 months before it is cold enough in adelaide , south australia
i have a problem to connect the digitsole to my new iphone7. the diditsole is from the kickstarter project two years ago. is there a special way to connect this older version to a new smartphone? thanks for your support!
i have a problem to connect the digitsole to my new
few days ago i was contacted by digitsole via email and was asked to confirm my details. today i've received a new insole. before that i was repeatedly asking for the updates at facebook. i can't tell you anything about new insoles just yet, as i haven't unpacked them.
this is from today, and yes they have responded on facebook. dear walter, good news ! first, we would like to thank you for waiting more than a year and for supporting our project. we wanted to inform you that your insoles are on their way ! you will receive them by the end of this month ! thank you for all your support and for having not give up on us.    yours sincerely,  the digitsole team digitsole assistant t   : +33 3 83 36 72 72 www.digitsole.com follow us on :
when do you think you will ship the insole?
looks like they are more active at their facebook page. https://www.facebook.com/digitsole/
can we get an update on shipping?  you continue to produce defective products and and we have been patient for over 2+ years...  at a minimum can you please provide timely updates? your last update said you would ship before xmas, are you?
@walter hall: thank you very much for posting an update. it gives some (very limited) hope.
oct 27th hopefully this update finds you well. we thank you for your support over the past 18 months. we promised you  few months ago that you were going to receive your v4 warm series  insoles. unfortunately, after a long period of tests … we will not able  to deliver in time. the shipment will be done actually before christmas. we have decided to postpone the delivery date of our insoles due to the  substitution of some components and the need of new certifications. we didn't want to deliver you this cutting-edge connected technology  product without being sure that this one is completely safe. we are  confident that our v4 insoles will live up to everything you have wanted  and expected from the very beginning. we are committed to delivering a solid, safe product and we plan to live  up to that commitment. we hope that you did not give up on us.  after  all, this whole project started with you! karim oumnia ceo –  digitsole
via email
shipping this month is the latest news
no longer responding to comments on social media either. what a disgrace
bonjour on est rendu en décembre et je n'ai pas de nouvelles de mes semelles daniel. leveillee danielleveillee@sympatico.ca vous m'aviez dit en décembre mais je n'ai pas de nouvelles merci
next october, and they will let us know maybe, eventually... or maybe not.
news?
waiting, waiting and waiting!  winter is coming in fast now! please let us know something.........
so back in may you told me the next batch is expected for september, that's now come and gone and still no update from you. can i just get my refund like bill davis offered me over a year ago? your lack of communication whilst releasing several other products leads me to suspect that you no longer care about the backers that originally funded you. please contact me via messages to arrange a refund.
well september is over.. can you please give us an update? will we receive v3 this winter? thanks
september is almost over, can you give an update about your expected delivery in september and a timeframe for v3
well i am losing hope of ever seeing replacements for v1 and here in australia another winter has come and gone and no sign of digitsoles following through by the end of september . maybe by next winter i might see some info saying hold on for winter 2018 :(
bonjour ou est la nouvelle génération de semelle j'attend toujours et l'hiver qui revient ?
hi! please give us an update on the latest version. my old ones were shipped back and i dont have any for this winter! thanks
any updates on possibly delivery of the 3rd generation
would be really nice if you could give us an update.
any news on the replacements?? still have not heard anything so far !!
dear christopher, thank you for getting in touch. the new batch of products we are manufacturing, is expected in september. however, we will definitely notify you as soon as we have more information on this. should you have any question, please do get in touch via customerservice@digitsole.com. best, the digitsole team"
any update for your kickstarter backers? still waiting on my replacements
dear christopher, unfortunately, we regret to inform you that we will not be able to ship you immediately the pair we promised you, as we have run out of stock due to an unforeseen technical issue. as of today we are unsure about the delivery date but rest assured that you will receive your new pair as soon as we are in possession of a new batch. should you have any question, please do get in touch via customerservice@digitsole.com. thank you very much. yours very sincerely, the digitsole team
seriously no update yet?
dear egor, thank you for your message. there was indeed a production issue with one of our initial batches. we had to research extensively in order to find the origin of the problem and to make sure it would not happen again. in the meantime we have contacted all of our backers personally via email. that is why there is no update on the kickstarter platform. we can confirm that we have resolves the issue now, and we will continue into the production phase. unfortunately the situation is taking more time than we had wished and we sincerely apologise for that.  rest assured that you will receive your new pair as soon as we are in possession of a new batch. best regards, the digitsole team
dear digitsole. the problem i have is not even with v2, but with v1 (i was the early bird backer). i won't go in details, as the issues (including regular  connection loss, weak heating only for short period of time, problematic step count)  were raised and addressed here before and hopefully fixed in v2 and v3. replacement to v2 was promised, and so was  replacement for v3 (i've even sent the measures in october), but never materialised. i also was in touch with the customer support, but situation remains unresolved.  i really do understand that such custom created product might face many technical problems during production, and that kickstarter is not a shop per se (otherwise i've returned my digitsole as faulty long time ago). but as a person who belevied in product and (very partially) helped to start it do feel neglected and ignored, even though i do appreciate your effort to communicate with the backers here.  though i'm sure that i'm not the only person with such problem, however last update here was some 10 months ago.  it doesn't look like the solution is about to materialize (even though i really won't need any replacement before october, now that winter is finally gone).  but it would've been good to come open and clear to the backers. f.e. if i had known in october that nothing will appear (and especially that  the legacy app we to be taken down), i'd have purchased some simple heating insoles for the winter, that had just finished. so please, look into the communication. transparency always help backer to feel confident about the product, and all backers here are potential return customers, if they are happy with their first experience with your company.
dear christopher, all of our backers will definitely be notified as soon as we have an update. at this moment we unfortunately do not have any news yet. however the developments of the smartshoes are unrelated to the progress with our warm series. we are still fully committed to getting the insoles to our backers as soon as possible. please do not hesitate to get in touch with our customer service if you have any further questions. best, elena the digitsole team
still no update?? why do i feel like i'll never receive a working pair of soles now that you're focusing on your shoes...
dear egor, we are sorry to hear that your v2 insoles are not working. if you contact our customer service we will definitely try to help you with this. as you know, there was a production issue with one of our initial batches, and we had to research extensively the origin of the problem to make sure it would not happen again. now that we are certain that the issue is resolved, we can continue into the production phase.  this is why it is unfortunately taking more time than we had wished. we still unclear about the exact delivery schedule, but will definitely update you as soon as we have more information on this. best, parisa  the digitsole team
p.s. and when that glorious moment of the new stock arrival my come to reality?  the announcement of the replacement was in october, and now the february is coming to an end. you product is a seasonal one, and the cold season will end in some 1 month. delivery from france will take at least a week for the eu.  thus i find it unlikely for you to order restock of the seasonable product in order to receive it at the end of the season. so most likely september is the earliest date for you to receive the next batch. it  also means, that it is unlikely, that production was ordered yet.
the "old" app connects, though soles provide heat for 5-15 minutes tops, and then just stop, and get disconnected, while the green light is still on.
hi christopher,  as i explained to you on our social media as well, our backer are most certainly not forgotten :)  as a matter of fact, our backers will be the first ones we will ship our new stock to before anyone else.  don't hesitate to contact us if you have any questions. best, the digitsole team
it seems now that digitsole is directing all their efforts towards their new 'smart shoe' which i keep seeing on their social media accounts, and before long, backers on here who are yet to receive a product as described will be forgotten. i wish i had have taken the refund option bill davis offered me over a year ago.
dear mikkel, at the moment, we are still unsure about the delivery date of the new batch of products we are manufacturing. however, we will definitely notify you as soon as we have more information on this!  thank you for your patience. best, the digitsole team
digitsole -> when can we expect to recieve v3 sole?
hi egor,  i'm happy to announce that the issue with the app is now solved with the new update that is available in the stores. please download the update and try again. if you have any further questions, don't hesitate to contact us! http://digitsole.com/contact-us
same problem here as fabian and mikkel  mention, can't connect the "old" pair, and haven't got the v3 either (despite filling the info in ealy october)... so digitsole pls. respond... i hope i won't get the new soles in spring, when i actually won't need them anymore.
hi allen, this message is incorrect for the v2 pair. for your pair there is a technical issue with the app. we have already submitted an update to solve this. however, it might take up to next week for our update to be available on the app stores. please download this update as soon as it is available so that you can use your insoles again. we sincerely apologise for the inconvenience. the digitsole team
same problem here as fabian mention, can't connect the "old" pair, and haven't got the v3 either... so digitsole pls. respond...
after installing the new app, i am not able to connect with my digitsoles. very disappointed cause i wanted to got snowshoeing this sunday. i hope the customer service will provide a solution... with the "old" app on the iphone - i was able to connect my digitsoles. now i have a unusable product in my hands...
i received a response today. i hope this isn't another kickstarter disappointment. "after thorough investigation, we have identified a technical problem in one of our first production batches of digitsole warm series v3, and your product is unfortunately part of it. your current product is unsafe to use : you must stop using it immediately as there is a serious risk of overheating - even when the heating function is not being used. we are working hard to resolve this issue. however, as of today, we are unsure about the delivery schedule of the new, safe products we are currently manufacturing. in order to find the best solution in your individual case, can you please indicate whether you bought your product directly from us or from another retailer.  1. you bought your product from us : please send us a copy of your invoice  2. you bought your product from another retailer, please get in touch with the point of sale where you purchased the product we understand how disappointed you might be, but we would like to reconfirm our commitment to quality and safety, something we shall never compromise on. we hope this will not affect the trust you have in us and in our products."
i received mine late in 2015 too and setting up for the first time in winter of 2016. the app says to contact customer service. i haven't heard back yet.
the product arrived in the early spring 2015 so we could not use. now winter of 2016!the app does not work. customer service has been very little help. extremely dissaponted with the service and the product.
hi ron, indeed, feel free to contact us through customerservice@digitsole.com if you have any questions :) hi alison, we have contacted you through email! :)
this is digitsole contact off their fb page customerservice@digitsole.com
i never received the shipping label to return the recalled ones to receive the new ones. please update.
http://www.gizmag.com/digitsole-smartshoe-hands-on/41152/… i am guessing they have been busy with these new products .   the last message i got from them whilst disappointing  i am hopeful they will have sorted the technical issue out soon . you have been with us since the very beginning and we truly appreciate your continued trust along this long and bumpy journey. unfortunately, we regret to inform you that we will not be able to ship you immediately the free pair we promised you, as we have run out of stock due to an unforeseen technical issue. as of today, we are unsure about the delivery schedule of the new batch of products we are manufacturing, so we will give you an update as soon as possible. be assured that everyone at digitsole values your interest in our product
would be good if digitsole replied to my kickstarter messages...
crossed fingers that i will get version 3 soon i appreciate digitsole sending me a free pair
got the wifes last week.total remodel. no problems. nice job !!!!
today try to use the 1st gen but they disconnect from phone every 5 mins.... hope to recive soon the 3rd gen pair :)
still nothing recieved here in italy
still nothing recieved here in denmark �
fill the survey months ago but at the moment nothing here (italy). p.s.: 1st generation is really unusable :\
nyc here!  3rd gen soles received!!!! they are awesome!!!! thanks n happy thanksgiving!!!!!!!
nyc here!  3rd gen soles received!!!! they are awesome!!!! thanks n happy thanksgiving!!!!!!!
i hope i'd receive my 3rd generation soon. it's already cold enough, and 1st generation is basically unusable (as app doesn't function anymore).
recieved the 3rd generation digitsole's today. just wanted to say thanks & it's getting cold here & ready to try them out. you guys rock.
got the third generation digitsoles. thank you so much!
another thank you for receipt of the 3rd gen digitsoles today.  class act.  you delivered the first go-around and recognized product wasn't ready for real world and build an entirely newly designed run and sent them to us for free.  for that you get major compliments and thanks from me.  thank you and good luck on amazon with this product.
i received my 3rd. generation digitsoles today, and i'd like to thank you for such a generous and kind gesture as to offer us free products.  you certainly had no obligation to provide these to us, but they are appreciated. thank you, again.
digitsole, when can we expect to get the 3. gen sole?
digitsole's latest facebook update indicates that they have an online store running and selling the 3rd gen soles. it would have been better to see that they prioritised kickstarter backers as initial investors rather than starting to sell before we get them. disappointing. (see here: https://www.facebook.com/digitsole/photos/a.697267077024158.1073741828.683590231725176/900730463344484/…)
and as always, nothing new from digitsole
this is what i got via email 3 sep 15 digitsole outdoor retailer summer market 2015 booth 29106w update september 2015 digitsole 3 dear walter hall as a kickstarter backer who filled out the survey we sent several months ago, we are pleased to provide the following update. we supsect you would like to know when we are planning to ship your generation 3 insoles. right now everything is looking good to start shipping the last week of october. of course if we are able to ship sooner, we will. the purpose of this update is to provide you with some of latest developments and features of our generation 3 insole. the input provided by you, along with our own r&d design team effort as resulted in a product that we think will exceed your expectations. we are truly excited and look forward to shipping you your generation 3 digitsole insole. below is the shape of the new insole.  image we have taken into consideration your comments and lifts and have developed digitsole 3 to make it closer to your expectations. this new version will have several improvements: comfort improved - as you can see, the foot platform design has evolved. while it is obviously visually different, the new design will improve the overall comfort you can expect. we made sure to successfully reduce the thickness of the front of the insole in order to further optimize the fit into more shoes and boots. generation 3 digitsole is now ipx5 waterproof - which means that water projected by a nozzle for at least 3 minutes from any direction with no harmful effects. bluetooth 4.0 signal intensified – with a newly designed internal enclosure not only are we better protecting the electronics and battery, but this new protection also has improved the connection issues which we experienced with our previous generation 2 insole. vastly improved heating system - the heating system is much more effective. we have successfully increased the temp to a maximum of 122°. we are actually recommending you set it at 105°. with our initial testing we are finding that at 105° we are getting between 4 and 5 hours of solid heat. of course lowering the heat will extend battery life to even longer lengths. for the larger sizes of 42 and above, we have increased the size of the battery by approximately 25%. new application update – in a few weeks (before generation 3 insoles ship), you will have access to a new upgraded app for the generation 3 insoles. this new version will be much more feature rich compared to the previous app and include: better control of your heating, individual sliders for each foot tracking function has been upgraded to share your activities, set goals, a new gps feature while we continue to strive to make our product better, we are sure that you will be pleased with the performance of the new generation 3 insole. for other questions you can contact us at the following address: contact@digitsole.com thank you all for your support in this adventure. the digitsole team www.digitsole.com
seriously digitsole? how hard is it to get an update? it's getting really frustrating seeing stories in the media about digitsole (e.g. http://mashable.com/2015/09/04/digitsole/…) but you never tell your backers anything. it's been 2 months since you promised an update...it can't be that hard, what are you hiding?
and still no update from the team, they constant say they will come with an update but nothing in month...
hi i never got sent the survey
hello backers !  a quick message to say that we didn't forget you. sorry for the delay.   we are working on the update, it takes a bit more time because of the vacations of our team and because we want to be sure that we forget nothing. cheers.
hi guys, you said there would be an exciting update about a month ago. when is that news coming? it'd be nice to know how the 3rd gen production is going...there's nothing worse than a quiet kickstarter creator. i can only assume that the lack of news or any production update suggests we'll never see replacement soles.
any news??
any progress on that update?
we're preparing an update about the 3rd generation. you will have great news very soon !
can we have an update on our 3rd gen soles?
???
any news?
the survey is still available for a few days ! don't forget to complete it ! the digitsole team
thank$ for update i am looking forward to version3 digitsole as winter is almost here & my 1st pair had switch break when i tried powering them up  without my getting to try them out due to being summer in australia
bill (or someone else) can we at least have an update on what's happening with the replacements? it's only fair that you keep us updated with this given the failure of the devices you sent out. if it's not progressing i'll just file a bank refund and you guys can deal with that.
kept forgetting to post comments here... both pairs that i've never worked using my andriod or iphone.... these are defects.... never felt any heat from them.....if i can get full $$ back.. i'll be happy to return both.... rarely do i do any returns.. but i want my $$$ back the minute i received them.....
emailed me and offered to let me return for a refund if i'd remove my negative comment. then conveniently never answered when i accepted the refund agreement. another shady business on this site for shady creators.
with the new app update for ios the connection sadder gehen before!
i got them and i don't like them. they are bulky, uncomfortable and i don't really feel the heat. they actually make me not fit in my shoes, height-wise. i wish i could return them for a refund.
not surer if mine are defected.. don't feel any heat from both pairs when turned on.....
i have filled out new survey & i am looking forward to the free  new version 3 pair :)
even though there were delays, i appreciated the fact that i got an update when i asked and when mine arrived and i had some trouble, bill davis at digitsole in california was swift in responding to my problem. i have had a great customer service experience and after using my digitsoles for awhile, i am happy with the ability to heat my feet using the app. i have reynauds syndrome and never know when my feet will get cold. the app allows me to switch on without messing about with my shoes.
still would like to know if you guys are ever going to send me the darn things! still absolutely nothing yet. what's going on?
got $100 back from digitsole from my original 2 pair christmas backer pledge of $300.... the pair still works, so i'm happy now....thanks ds!
my measured distance was way off and i think i found why.  during initial pairing you have to input your weight and height and in my case it asked to do it in imperial units (maybe it reads language system settings and i have us language on my android). in eu we have metric system, so i have converted my measures to ft and lbs. after that, in the settings i have switched units to the metric system. a few days later i have discovered that you can click in the settings on the name of your soles and change your body measures and i was surprised that the numbers wasn't converted from imperial to metric - my height was 5,8m!  could anyone confirm this?
with the new update my digitsole works better, i feel the heat and the tracking is more precise than before. i had a blinking problem with the left sole, i contacted the team and they solved the problem by sending me another pair. good work digitsole!
the insoles worked well for about a day, although it took a lot of work using the android app to control them. the connection would drop often, only one sole would show up in the app, and temperature control wasn't working right. unfortunately, after that first day of use, the right sole stopped working. it turns on, i can see it in the app, set a temp, and after a few minutes, it turns itself off even though the battery is full and the button hasn't been pressed. this is a great idea and a slick looking product, but i feel it's been rushed to market. it should have gone through a few more design and qa iterations before being shipped out. i wouldn't have been upset if i had received a working product that took a few more months to develop.
today i tried my soles by watching a football match by 3 degress celcius - but warm feeds are failure! the connection breaks anytime! i'm very sad!
after update 1.0.7 i can't still control temperature. is is just heating, regardless of set level. and warm can't  be still turned off, only via physical button. maybe the three time blink indicate thermostat malfunction.
january backer, still have not received mine or any update on shipping status. sounds like none of them actually work anyway. i'd rather just have a refund at this point.
still have not received mine and now i'm not sure if i do receive them ever at this point if the darn things will ever work anyway with all the complaints about them i'm reading. and the fact spring is just a week away. this is another kickstarter disastrous campaign!
my shipping address is in michigan and still have yet to receive the item.. pfft..
it is disheartening not to get updates...
still can't even connect my digitsole to my android or my iphone, have send the team a direct message, and they just told me that they will set their development team to look at it... and after a week, still nothing new :-(
@miker - have you sent your digitsoles back or have you heard anything from digitsole? i have a similar problem in that the switch in my right sole just fell into the sole without me having the chance to turn it on. i really hoped the project was going to be a success but there seems to be quite a few unhappy backers of which i'm one. if none of the founders respond to this message within a day i'll be sending my ones back for a refund!
guys, forget about refund. i took an e-mail from digitsole that they can't sent to russia because needs to order many documents. i think the money they can't sent too.
the heat unit is only in the flex zone, so you can't feel it anywhere else.  my units are hot within a two minutes and i think the temp sliders don't work for me, because they are hot on the lowest setting. i have to exit the app via back button a few times to set the temperature on a lower value, but it doesn't work each time. it is pretty inconsistent. maybe it has some connection with the three times blinking green led and thermostat is broken?
make that a refund; i tried to switch them off and the first switch just fell apart into the sole. boxing these back up.
wow, either i have defective units or these are awful. after a full day on charge and set to 122f for 30 minutes, i can feel ever-so-faint heat in the middle inch of the flex zone... absolutely nothing on the heel, arch, or ball of the insole on either side. plus, after confirming my side with bill davis, i still wound up with the incorrect size... which at this point seems strangely insignificant. to my cheek, these feel about as warm as a room temperature hand, but only in the middle of the flex zone. i'm using an iphone. please advise on refund or replacement.
i agree. is there a place to check our order status.. it is going to be spring and then summer before we receive the product!
how can i check to see if my order has shipped?
afrer three days green light started to blink three times on both soles. what does it exactly means? as others said, app is buggy  and needs improvement.  i am unable to turn them off with the app button and only way to do it is to use the button on them.  today the altimeter showed over 6500m while real altitude was under 200m and also step counter is way off.
not sure if last message went through. how can i find out if mine were shipped and to what address? alison
looks like i'm not the only one getting the wrong shoe size. very disappointed! i hope everyone will get their issue resolved because it might be my first backed ks project that failed for many backers.
recived the 2nd pair of digitsole (1st was wrong size) here in italy. they works but are very far from 50°c that is indicated in the apk. sometimes happens that both in apk are at 50 °c and connected but in real 1 is disconnected and not warm.
i've been using digitsole for over week already. the soles them self are quite comfortable, however the app needs a lot of attention. i use raw android (nexus) and the simple app hasn't so far worked correctly for me. the steps are definitely not counted properly (sometimes too many, sometimes, it just stops counting at all) the distance misleading (i compare that with gps in my phone), the heating works at random regardless of the setup. digitsole is a clear season oriented product. i hope the app will be fixed till the next fall.
my insoles get disconnected from my android phone. they have not reached two days without disconnecting my lg g2 d802.
bill  thank you for getting back to me so quickly. all of the answer to my question have been answered. i will be looking forward to my shipment. thank you again and i am sorry for being not polite best regards  mike
by the way i am a christmas backer and no soles yet.
i always give people the a chance to make things right, but you ignore me, so from after march 6, 2015 if you do not respond. well please just respond, i see this company makes many mistake and many of these can be over looked by contacting your customers and give them an a honest answer to there questions and concerns. at the side of this box where it says "be respectful and considerate" i think that is for both of us follow
received mine a few days ago downloaded app for my iphone, charged soles, linked up to iphone. all worked well red light green light etc. the first use did not heat up soles to be of consequence on second it did not track steps. disappointed
same problem bruce townley, right switch was broken. looking to get a replacement
received the soles...right switch was broken.  looking to get a replacement.
still not fixed !  for same temperature of 50.  left side feels hotter than right side !
@digitsole you told me that you can't sent to russia. i sent to you by e-mail id number, but still no answers, no refund...
i contacted you about my soles and you said you were going to put them in the mail on tuesday and you would let me know when this would be done. it is now friday no emails no soles, this morning it was -10. i do not want to be a pain in your ass, but when someone tells me they are going to do something, like a normal person i hope it gets done. now if there is a problem then please do not promise something that you know you will not do. please send an e-mail or a note, and please do not send the wrong size. i have no idea how hard it is to do something like this, and i am sure your suppliers tell you something that is not truthful. please let me know something that you that would you would feel is correct
version 1.0.6 app now shows battery stats, but no sliders to control temp, heat won't stay enabled. app closes in the background, tracking double and triple counts each step. change log please, maybe we can help fix it.
coldest february on record here and i'm still waiting for mine :-(
i've pledege for men 10 but recived men 9.5 (too short for me). please provide me exchange instruction!!!!!!
since yesterday i can't connect to my insoles. the light is solid on on left insole and blinking on the right insole. i have rebooted my phone (lg g2 d802) but the problem continues. i press the button on the insoles but they don't power off (before yesterday they power off when pressed their button).
mine arrived yesterday, a birthday present for my wife, supposed to be women's 7, got women's 6.5.  i am charging them now and will attempt to pair them according to the email instructions from bill davis.
still can't pair it with my lumigon t2 hd - andriod, so can't tell if the soles work or not :-( funny they got 200% founded any this is what they deliver
hi, received my digisoles last week. the left one works fine. the right one does not work at all (will charge but will not turn on). how can i get a replacement for my right one? thank you.
version 1.0.5 still has all of the same issues on samsung note 4, lock ups heat wont stay on can't control temp, one side will read 100% the other 0% can we please have a change log to see what is being done? does anyone have these working correctly on note 4?
mine arrived last week, i found the app for my samsung in playstore. downloaded it, and they didnt work. i can turn them on, pair them..but actually making them warm up, thats a different story. you have had plenty of time to sort out manufacturing and i think majority of people understood these delays. therefore that gave your app team more time to sort this out! you produced a product which you yourselves admit is not up to spec (see you comment below) and you cant even use them when your app development team have had 2 extra months to develop a simple ios and android app. i was happy waiting for my digitsoles as i was under the impression when they did finally arrive, all the bugs would be sorted, would all work smoothly and to the spec that you had stated, instead you rushed it and produced a sub standard product. i have not seen one good comment and to ship out products you knew were not ready shows you have no respect for your own product.
i ordered a women's size 7, but received a women's size 8.5.  could you please provide exchange instructions?
ordered 2 pair still no soles what happing. you called to get my address a month ago
mine arrived here in australia 1 week ago (16th feb). there was no notification that they were on the way - they just arrived :-) i can turn them on and off and charge them up, but i can't for the life of me find a "digitsole" app in either the android or ios stores. is it under a different name? naturally, i can't yet pass comment on how (or even if) they work as i can't connect them to anything, but on a purely physical inspection they seem to be all well made - except that the on/off button on the right sole is recessed in and can only be operated with the point of a pen or similar.
i haven't received mine and now i'm wondering if i don't just want my money back considering all the terrible feedback i'm reading so far. these things sound like a mess and it's very disappointing! i think i just want a refund!
are the still being shipped? still don't have any yet!
anyone recive digitsole in europe??
while you keep updating the app you need to make sure the app does not forced shut down in the background. i have seen the app will stop warming if the phone is left idle or lock.
ordered 8.5 for women, received 8... not as bad as others, but not the right thing again! digitsole guys, you really have to do something!
received mine, i ordered size 8.5 men, got size 11.5!!! exchange or refund, please!
testing new app android on s5. left side is hotter than right side for same temperature. please fix
didn't even get the correct power plug to charge...not a good start. it's about time digitsole started to address these comments or i'd suggest we all file support tickets with kickstarter support. particularly the christmas backers who were promised additional perks for the delays...haven't seen any of that yet (not that i'd want to buy another pair of digitsoles after this experience)
i tried to pair mine on ios and it was frozen. i'm not sure if that was due to my insole being broken on arrival or the ios app is just junk. this is a huge disappointment all together and makes me second guess every product i back now.
how does it work with the ios? all is fine?
is there even anybody with good experience on this product? i don't even got the product working om android, and would be really nice if the digitsole team would comment on some of the comments posted here? but seems out that the digitsole team don't even care :-(
i didn't even get the chance to try mine. charged them up, went to turn the left one on and there is no switch. how can i get a refund?
on the first day right insole didn't las one day without heating.android app is not reliable: step count resets earch time i open the app,the insoles does not heat when i want, and does not stop heating neither. in the actual state the insoles are not useful.
received them yesterday (quebec, canada). the soles heats a little, gets near warm, far away from 50°c... the app always crash, the soles stops to heat when the phone screen goes black... i hope it's just a software issue which will be resolved asap!
after wearing them 4 times, charging them four times, then having to re-pair them on the app, i've decided these things suck.... battery life hasn't gotten better, so i don't know what that guy below me is talking about.... charges last on high not even 2 hours and no way is it 122f in my boot.... thing is uncomfortable as all hell and will only fit if you remove your boots original insole, leaving this lumpy, thin mess called digitsole separating you from the unforgiving concrete.... i fear some type of class action suit in your future digitsole, for making a sht product, making us wait for it longer than we had to, and charging way too much and still not refunding early christmas backers like myself our shipping fees..... shame!
just recived mine, but can't even pair it with my android phone - lumigon t2 hd :-( really a bad start for the digitsole team
right foot battery lasted just over 6 hours. left foot still going strong. anyone experienced with lithium batteries will tell you it takes a few charges/discharges for them to achieve optimal capacity.  still happy overall and nice warm feet.
i've had mine for a week now.  in most respects, i agree with john norton's comments (below).  i am not going to review the app (ios) because the company has already indicated that the app is set for another release next week and they are aware that it is buggy. 1.  insoles do not get very warm.  the temperatures in the app are indicative but not accurate.  they should really just change settings to low, medium and high.  the insoles are not capable of reaching the top temperature in the app. 2.  the battery does not last very long.  the kickstarter campaign claimed a days worth of activity but even if you do not use the heater at all, and just leave the power on the insoles with the bluetooth connected, they will go out in about six hours.  if you turn the heat on at any level they will deplete the battery much faster.  at the highest setting, the battery only lasts about an hour. 3.  some have mentioned one insole getting hotter than the other or one not working at all.  that is the case with mine as well.  my right seems to work ok.  the left is either broken or only gets to a very low temp -- i can't really tell.  the left insole isn't really working. 4.  no one has really mentioned this yet, but this is the biggest problem for me:  the insoles are very uncomfortable.  i don't how the founders were thinking that these could be used for running.  first of all, i didn't purchase these for running but it is challenging to even walk in them for any distance.  this is mostly due to firmness in the heel, which is where the battery and electronics are probably located.  i can almost feel the battery under my heel and it is hard!!!  whatever is in the heel hurts.  i might be able to ski in these insoles because of the forward cant of ski boot, but for regular walking or cold weather hikes - no way.  unfortunately this is a design issue.  too bad.  almost makes them unusable for me. 4.  the instructions that come with the insoles refer to three light statuses:  green, red and off.  i have discovered a third status:  blinking green.  i do not know what this means but mine are blinking green whenever i turn them on now. 5.  i am reserving comments on the app until they have the next revision released, but one thing that is very frustrating in the present version is the need to constantly re-pair the insoles with the phone.  at least in ios, i have had to create 4 different new profiles because the app could not find the insoles via bluetooth.  this meant that i had to delete the current profile, create a new one and start over like they were brand new.  i'm assuming that this is the biggest fix that we'll see in the new app version because the need to constantly create new profiles is frustrating. hope these comments help the developers.  the product is a great concept but it is not ready for retail unless these issues are resolved.
i receive my digitsole yesterday the left one don't  turn off and the right one when pressure is applied with finger n thumb turns off !! not at all impressed !!!! digitsole you will be hearing from me!!!
received mine today. looks like i cann't find the app and to test them though. is it called digisole there?
hello. received mine yesterday, but only got time to play around with it until today. the first thing i noticed is that i received the wrong size. i ordered 9 men's and received 9.5 men's. i know the difference sounds negligible, but after trying it on a couple of work shoes (which is what i got it for) they seem too big and it looks like trimming it to the line is not going to help it, not to mention i was hoping to not have to trim it at all, as suggested on the email by bill davis. perhaps if i had received the right size they would be perfect after trimming? hard to say, the truth is that they currently do not. needles to say, i  haven't trimmed or modified in any way, in hopes that i can exchange for the correct size ordered. on the other side, i understand the app is a little buggy on the android side and i can corroborate this. i tried using it on a moto x 2013 and it crashed a couple of times, but when it worked, it seems to have problems connecting to the insoles. at the bottom where it shows a percentage (which i assume is the charge), sometimes one shows 0% and the other 100% and sometimes it reverses. also, the temperature settings for the right insole seem to do nothing, and it looks like they only change (both at the same time) when i adjust the left insole settings. i imagine they have individual sliders so they can be individually set to different temperatures, but it's currently not working that way for me. other than that, i turned them on, and they seem to warm up. i didn't try them on any shoes, just by hand for a bit, since as i mentioned i'm hoping to be able to exchange and don't want to cause any wear on the insoles. your prompt response is greatly appreciated!
received mine today. needed 2 size 8 in men and they sent size 5 in men's. what man has that small of a foot. i want an exchange or refund.
the app on android is horrible... tracker does not work, batterylevel is always 0%, it shows 50°c but the sole got only 40°c and it always crashes. thx for the this product, the warming is good, but srsly the app is just horrible...ios app is better than android, plz do something....
seems still buggy on samsung s5 android 5.0.   i have seen the app get confused with left or right pair even i follow the steps. one thing i have seen also is one side is hotter than the other for same temperature. need more testing done on your side for android samsung
oh, and i forgot, please give us a battery readout for the heaters!
i received my digitsoles yesterday. i charged them up until the light went out, loaded the app, turned on the right sole, paired it, turned on the left sole, paired it, filled out the required information, and had heated soles. nice. we'll see how long they last on a charge, i have a big project next week where i'll be outside in the snow. those who expect 8 hours with full heat don't understand current battery technology. i anticipate 3 hours at best at full. i am hoping for 8 hours with low heat settings. some notes:  first: the line to add the name for the soles in the app is really subtle, i had trouble completing the third step of registration until i accidentally found that line, please make it a shaded box so it is easy to see. i am running a samsung galaxy note 4. second: the temperature sliders are strange, the left slider controls both soles, the right slider doesn't seem to do anything at all. this is fine since i don't want different temperatures on each foot anyway. third, i don't have a readout of 'current temperature' just 'target temperature'. i suspect you  don't have a real temperature sensor in the sole, but you must have some kind of sensor (thermistor), and even estimated values would be helpful. the product itself appears to be really high quality, get the app working well and i'll be completely happy.
got my digitsoles today. had them working in seconds and lovely warm feet. i think the 50c setting may be a bit high indoors. i will try them in my wellies this weekend. the step counter sometimes counts double. overall, very happy and impressed with the quality.
received mine a week ago. not impressed at all! the 132 degree setting is really 105 and they don't last for more than a couple of hours. couple this with the fact that the soles are harder than most shoe manufacturers cheap insoles and the cash outlay is annoying at best. add in the fact that the pair will not automatically repair on a daily basis after being charged and it's starting to infuriate me. what's the best method for return?
i'm bummed by the lack of communication. there are other heated insoles on the market for less money, but app control was the innovation here. it sounds as if we will have a buggy app and soles in time for summer. perhaps kickstarter should require weekly updates if developers blow past their deadlines?
i was suppost to have these for xmas feb 16 still no digisoles winter is just about over !!!!!!!!!!!!!
hello, i was going to receive my soles before end of january.   today i still haven't received them.  can you please confirm when they will be delivered?   kind regards, jurgen
got my digitsoles yesterday thank$ i haven't tried them yet it is summer here in south australia & wearing in temps of 30-40c wouldn't be fun :)
when can i expect to have my digitsole? i'm an early bird backer
i am using a samsung galaxy note 4 at&t this warning is on their website.warning: there is currently a concern for compatibility with samsung brand smartphones and tablets, our teams are working on the problem in order to solve it as quickly as possible.
is there a video of the app working properly with android, so we can even see how it is suppose to work?
@alex the instructions say to turn them on and discharge once every 2 months when not being used.
got my 2 xmas pair 2/13/15 charged both pair.  the android app is very buggy!  i was able to pair one pair but app will not allow me to adjust temp, or even keep heat on.  can't even pair second pair at all. i have updated app, uninstalled and re installed app with same results.  is there a beta available on the website?  the betas on the play store run like alphas :-(
just for info: how i can preserve batts during summer period? thanks alex
got mine (xmas delivery in feb).  charging is good and fast.  on/off is a little cumbersome.  the ios app sounds like it is better than the android, but it can't be much better.  very rough around the edges.  bluetooth seems picky too.  i've already had to reset my pair once to get the bluetooth to be recognized by the app.  the app itself flickers and is not well designed but good move getting the hardware out the door bc you can always push an update to the app.
i'm a uk backer with a january not christmas delivery, and i've just had an email to say collection is booked for next monday, so hopefully delivery by the end of next week. looking forward to trying them now, thanks
@miker.  i haven't yet.
has anyone gotten soles that did not choose christmas delivery?
finally!!!! got both pairs today.... both work well after the 3 hour initial charge, connected quickly via iphone6 app, and warmed to a toasty temp within a couple minutes.... good job!  now if you refund my christmas shopping, we are square digitsole....  p.s.  i take back that thing i said about your mom.... : /
second time asking the same. do you think we will get it before spring time?
i wrote an email to bill davis last night and got a surprisingly quick response.  digitsole knows there is a bug with the current app in the play store and they are working to fix it.  it was nice to finally have good and quick communication from digitsole.
i hope the app will work with my s5 android 5.0 when i eventually get mine one day :)
got mine today, but the app doesn't seem to work right.  i have a galaxy s4 and after i register the insoles with the app and under the warm tab, all i get is a wifi symbol with a cross out circle around it.  anyone else having this issue, any fixes?
well, it's been over 2 weeks that we've heard anything and i still haven't received my product.  i'm more annoyed by the fact that the communications have lacking than the fact that the shipment is late (i didn't pay extra for the christmas delivery, otherwise i'd probably be upset too).  delays are understandable, since new products and upstarts tend to deal with lots of uncertainty, however, the lack of communication is pretty concerning. on other campaigns that i've backed, delays were accompanied by extra communication in order to reassure backers and maintain transparency.  the ds team needs to improve tremendously on this front...
thanks james.
well i just tested them and they worked well - got pretty warm. a little cumbersome setup through an apparently rushed app though. mine arrived via usps priority mail. hopefully they will last longer than it took to receive the christmas delivery!
can anyone tell me how they shipped? i am about to leave on an extended trip, and wonder if they can be re-routed (a la fedex / ups). thanks.
so it's febuary 9th.... still no digitstoles in nyc for me, an early 2 pair christmas backer.... record low temperatures are here though!!!! wooohoooo!!!!  was contacted about getting a refund for my shipping.... still haven't received that.... but hey, when my toes are black and about to be amputated from standing in single digit temperatures outside all day, at least i have that fkn cool useless app to look at on my iphone.... thanks digitstole!!!! (by thanks i mean go have intercourse with your mother)
just received mine in the mail. don't know if they work yet as my wife will be opening that "christmas" present today, february 9th.
received an email few minutes ago saying order shipped. and the app is out on the app store... wait and see now
has anyone, anywhere received their product yet?
ios app store too!
i found an app "digitsole" in play market. its downloadable and runingable. now waiting for soles.
my patience is beginning to wear thin. what about the orders? when do we get them? what is the problem? a bit more transpirancy would be nice.... coz we made this possible, so give us some more updates....
may be possible to change with the freeze model?  :\
is winter is going to be over before we see these things?
do you think it will be possible to have it before summer period?
an update would be good, even if it's bad news. the last update, over 10 days ago suggested they were just awaiting customs clearing, yet no one has posted that they've received theirs.
ds should really put out a communication.  it's been several weeks since the optimistic email that made it sound like product would be shipping any day now.  this is just another delayed h/w kickstarter/indiegogo.  in my experience, none are delivered on time.  i don't know why entrepreneurs over promise delivery to the most unsophisticated vcs on the planet (consumers), but if you are going to be late, you should at least provide frequent updates and be prepared to provide perks or refunds for promises not kept.  the xmas delivery promotion was not hit.  and it now isn't even close.  the markup for all xmas deliveries should be refunded.  but more important than that, for future kickstarter campaigns that involve hw, entrepreneurs should set more realistic expectations.  yes this is risky crowdfunding but most people who bought this read your viral campaigns on twitter and facebook and tech blogs - and believed they were buying a product not investing risk capital in a company.  you need to treat them that way.  anything that involves china factory selection or molding/tooling, will take months - maybe even a year.  small startups have little leverage with a chinese factory and once they outsource, the factory doesn't care about the kickstarter commitments.  the customs delay and now the app delay demonstrate lack of proper project planning and setting of expectations.  but a lot of this can be solved through better communications.  all of us on this board are mini-vcs and there's a reason they call it hardware - bc it's hard.  so at least i understand how hard it is to do what ds is trying to do.  almost all of the hw crowdfundings that i have backed are late or doa.  i'll be happy if they can deliver quickly and communicate effectively.
haven't heard anything since january.. really regretting paying the extra money for christmas delivery. i understand the issues that have delayed delivery but i'm upset that those of us who spent extra money only to receive them sooner haven't been offered compensation. i have been offered a discount on future orders... but it's already february. how am i to know if i want to purchase more/invest more money before summer comes if i haven't tried the original order out? i wouldn't feel so slighted if i hadn't paid extra money, only to insure i had them by christmas 2014.
hey look! it's 20degrees out in nyc, we just had a blizzard, more snow today, and my feet are still fkn freezing!!!! way to go digitstole!!!!
i'd assume the foot soles are unusable for warmth without the app? given that apple take 7-14 days to approve apps, it might be a while before they can used, even after receiving them
the app is still not out. i'm saying mid-march for a functional duo... right in time for the digitsole iii campaign.
can we have the tracking numbers from china and the following ones, i would really like to know where on the planet are my digitsole. thank you
never mind it finally went through
any one else try to file a ticket with kickstarter like christopher suggested?  every time i try it says unable to process request.
a colleague actually told me they had a pretty good demo exhibit at ces, and i openly wondered if those demo units were initially earmarked for december backers... it seems odd that they'd have a decent quantity in vegas in early january, but nothing for even a portion of the early backers here. also, the lack of an app is worrisome... i could see those things sitting here in february while they 'wait for apple'...
hi digitsole, this situation is getting very frustrating. we paid extra money to receive our orders before chrismas and it keeps being delayed. we are now almost one month after the time we were suppose to receive them originally. the previous update was saying they were supposed to ship from china january 10th and now this is delayed for 7days. you are not respecting the deal. i found i have accepted enough delays and apologies from you and i want my money back and to cancel my order. please advise!
for those christmas backers that feel we should get a refund for the difference, i recommend contacting kickstarter support which is what i will be doing. i have been emailing bill from digitsole who keeps delaying my $30 refund (and has been for over a month now). i'd suggest we file a ticket with kickstarter support so we can at least get our christmas delivery premium back. i agree with matt, it'll be a while before the soles actually ship to us. even more concerning is the fact that the app is not available, surely this has been fully developed and should be on the app stores for us to have a look at?
you guys have essentially stolen from us xmas backer. you should be refunding the difference, we've been mislead, i'm sure our money was enjoyed over xmas and new years by the creators.
i too am a christmas backer and agree that we should be refunded the premium we paid for the early delivery.  although, if we would have received them on time, i don't think we would have been able to use them.  the app is still not available on their website or the android play store.
yeah, this is total bs, it's 30 degrees in nyc and i'm going to be in the field this week, outdoors, all week, and i shoulda had these fkn things on my fkn feet on christmas like you promised! p.s.  to the backers, how can you idiots "like" this most recent update?  he's basically saying its leaving china next week, has to get to cali to be broken down and re-shipped again before it even gets shipped out to us!  your not gonna have anything till the middle of february at best!!!!! plus, still no word about a refund to us "before christmas" backers.... so what did you do with all that extra money digitsole??? i bet you had a nice holiday, a really nice one. shame on you digitsole.... shame!
i strongly agree with what others have said.  while i understand that there can be delays in production of a new item, i feel that those of us who paid the extra $30 for december delivery should be reimbursed that amount since the most recent update only has the december and january deliveries shipping out a week apart from each other.  what did my extra $30 get me?
anyone received theirs yet ? not yet received mine
i strongly suspect most of the winter will be over by the time we see these things, if we are lucky....
have been informed by digitsole that shipping will not take place until at least the end of this month....
@heiko for germans these links will be helpful. since 01.06.2014 dhl collects additional 11,90 € "kapitalbereitstellungsprovision"  too. http://bit.ly/1w5ynzo http://bit.ly/1ksjg0l http://bit.ly/1aasiqu http://bit.ly/1w5yx2p
@heiko 1. it would be tax evasion. 2. customs officer are not stupid. 3. the value of goods and freight costs would estimated excessive by the customs.
@klaus: why don't mark it as a gift ort sample? it's a gift for the money the you pledged!
important notice for shipping from china to europe (e.g. germany). 1. the invoice must be attached visible on the outside of the package. 2. do not specify "gift" or "sample" on the invoice. 3. the invoice must show the actual goods value . 4. the shipping costs must be shown separately on the invoice. e.g. reward $110 + shipping $20 = pledge $130 the backer will pay additional € 32.80 import fee to dhl. if the shipping costs are not reported separately this will increase the fee to € 49.27
it better be express shipping so we get them asap (could someone answer our questions please)
picture for me was ok not great not having them in time for travel was not as great. sure hope these are good
fyi: the picture did not go over well.. she looked at it and then at me. i could tell i screwed up by placing a picture as the gift.. i screwed up and should of never placed a "hope you like the picture" promise gift.  you screwed up with me digitsole, but i have to live with the "look" she gives me, you only need "not" to read these posts and feel ok.
yeah, u need to do the right thing here digitsole.... i've paid $300 for 2 pairs promised in time for christmas, so 2 people from me received nothing, one of them my wife.... u need to at least refund the extra money we paid to have them delivered before christmas!
i paid $30 to be the husband that found the perfect gift for my wife and her cold little toes - a great deal! but it turns out i'm the husband who paid $30 to hand her a piece of paper. (haven't received yours yet, so i guess i have to make my own?) she'll still love the digitsoles, but it's not much of a christmas present in january. i'll handle my wife, but please refund me the $30.
it's the day before christmas eve and i still haven't received anything from digisole.  not even the card to show my wife i got her something.  thanks for nothing!
will shipping for christmas backers be by express courier when they ship on 6 january? if you use anything other than that it would be an insult to the backers that have been waiting.
we are going to norway, france, russia the first of the year and this was going to be the only gift under the tree.  merry christmas to my wife here is a pic of the soles and here a pic....and so on.i understand delays but this really sucks. i do not like excuses. if you say it is going to be ready for christmas then it should be ready. do not make statements just to keep people off your back. the soles would have been really nice for this trip
hi, i understand that things change and as a christmas delivery backer i understand that you are trying your best to ship a good quality product.  for being a early christmas delivery backer i would like to see the voucher extended past march 1, 2015 to july 1, 2015.  i feel this is a fair and reasonable request. thank you for your email and telling me/us. ron~
yeah this is bs!  i paid more to get them on time now i have to put a lit sign under the tree and tell my wife the manufacturer of her christmas gift lied about being able to deliver in time?  keep the sign, keep your 50% coupon and overnight express my pairs today!  that's the only way i'll be satisfied.
very disappointed, hardly think $179 warrants a paper place holder under the tree this christmas!
agree with the two posts below, you should definitely refund the premium paid for delivery. i don't think a printed piece of paper will appease anyone on christmas day. quite disappointed!
yes, we paid a significant premium to receive this early.....in time and for gifts...or for travel. this campaign is becoming more questionable with each update. please do the right thing by your backers and provide a refund of the difference for christmas delivery ($30)
i paid 30 dollar more, to receive it till christmas, yes it was a gift....if you ship it in january i want my 30 dollar back! i dont need a pdf as placeholder or a voucher....just the digitsole in time....or my money back....
any update on production? christmas is less than 2 weeks away so unless you use express couriers it's unlikely these will arrive in time.
would be great to receive confirmation on xmas delivery guys, don't let us down now.
@creator, i appreciate your recent updates, but i think many of us would like to know the status of before christmas delivery....just give us an answer please!
what about before x-mas delivery?!?!?!?
linda, you must have missed our last update.  in that update we noted that all ks backers in our most recent campaign will receive their digitsole insoles with all of the latest updates.  we are uncertain if you received this update, but it was sent on thursday of this past week.  sorry for the misunderstanding.
yes, i agree with some of the others. if you are doing an upgrade then we, your original kickstarter supporters should be getting the latest version. i suggest you do this otherwise there may be major problems for you with kickstarter.
i wear a 10 in athletic shoe and a 9 in dress shoes.  looks like that probably means i need to order two digit soles to cover both shoes?
what about before christmas delivery????
creating a version 2 before we have our products is dishonest, and makes this feel like a scam. it's only been a few months and our product will already be outdated and inferior....not funny. instead of updating us next week, give us an update today.
but still a version 2 even before delivery at version 1, that can't be right :-(
we want to reassure you, we are not a scam and we work very hard to offer you the best product. we will communicate very quickly more news.
version 2 - not funny!
hello, we will communicate more informations about delivery next week.
no updates for over a month and the creator won't respond to facebook or kickstarter messages...getting worried that this may have been a scam...particularly when you see that they're already trying to get backing for a digitsole version 2...: http://www.ulule.com/digitsole-semellechauffante/
any news?
any updates for those of us who ordered the christmas delivery option?
would you add possibility to control insoles on smartwatch?
@creator there is one thing i should have mentioned before, but i hope it is not too late. living in montréal, where the winters can get quite cold, i can tell you that the most important part of the foot to heat are the toes. so i hope that even if the digitsoles are thinner at the toes, that they will  generate as much heat overthere. i also hope, that the part of the sole that is flexing at every step will be solid enough not to break over time. i know you did not reach the $100 000 pledge, but you were quite close, so i am wondering whether you will integrate part of the pledge. any news on integrating the double-charger?
hi, i compile the survey...any chances to have the dual charger? thanks
congratulations!!!!!!!!
great! thanks
that's great!  then i shall be keeping my pledge :)
is the battery serviceable? i'm worried that as time passes the battery won't last as long as it used to. if in case that it's not, could i plug in an external battery pack while in use?
@alx0363: we really want to indeed offer the double charger so we do are thinking of something like this!
hope u think about the double charger as option with an additional fee also if dont reach 100.000. alex
@chris: due to the high demand we actually opened a size 12 mold! :)
i just realized.  is there no size 12? i'm size 12, so if there's no size 12 then i'll have to drop...
@patricia kunkel: the digitsole app works on android and apple and we're working on the windows phone app :)
am unable to find if there are android as well as apple iphone based formats.
i agree. more pledge levels without t-shirt is a good suggestion. shipping within eu is an other thing to consider.
@crystal and alx0363: thanks a lot for your suggestions, we will try to do the best you can to offer the best digitsole possible!
reposting an earlier comment, as comments are not always noticed in the updates section. "love the waterproofing and wireless charging stretch goals, but i'm starting to doubt this project will reach the $200, 000 mark, never mind $400, 000. if they were offered from the start instead of as stretch goals, then maybe but... the thing is, for insoles these are fairly expensive. i'm an early bird, but if i hadn't been able to get in on that tier i wouldn't have backed this project. i live in canada, so paying $170+ for insoles that need to be charged separately and are not waterproof just wouldn't be worth it to me. i'm sure other people--potential backers--feel the same way. may i suggest opening two more tiers at early bird levels? say one at $110 for 300 backers, one at $120 for another 300, and a third tier at $130 for an unlimited number of backers who'd rather not have the shirt? it may help attract more backers, and would definitely help us get to those stretch goals. :)" another thing i'd like to add to that for consideration is that for the exact same price as the super early bird + shipping, people can buy waterproof heated insoles with a dual charge cord and have it for their feet in less than a week. the only difference is that they'd need to adjust the temp with a remote instead of a phone. right now, the only thing you have going for you is the app, which has the potential of being incredibly useful depending on how it's developed. step counting, temperature monitoring, potential of gps integration to help guide the partially sighted, or even to guide us to a local restaurant via vibrations in the soles rather than a voice telling us when to turn, or for search and rescue to be able to locate us if our phone dies... or heck, even being able to link several insoles into one app so i can locate my boyfriend/parent/child in the mall would be great! still like this project, and look forward to seeing where it's going. :)
hi, there is a possibility to have the double charger with more pledge also if strech goal not reached?(i dont hope so but normally charge is during night and i dont like to wake up to change digisole in charge) thanks alex
@gary risner: hi there :) we aren't planning to do so yet, but we'll think about it in the future. thanks for your support!
anyway in the future to use this technology to create gloves that also heat up the way the digitsole do? just saying! winter will be a bit different this time around! can't wait for my digitsoles!
@renee chandel: thanks a lot for your support :) @tim seth: don't worry, we'll send a survey at the end of the campaign so you can fill all the information we need to deliver your digitsoles. thanks for your support!
hi there - how do i confirm the size i need - ive pledged $149 but didn't get the chance to specify a size or delivery address? thanks
i've had this project starred for awhile and finally swooped up the last super early bird. winters here are very rainy, so i hope to see this project reach the $200,000 stretch goal. i'm looking forward to using these during the summer for hiking :)
thanks you guys :) and great idea @mikkel!
really like the stretch goals.
love the stretch goal's, have just got another idee, you could make an vibrator in each sole, and then use the sole with your gps, then it can vibrate on the right when you need to turn right, and the left when going left, just a thought :-) know i got some craisy ideears...
@crystal: hi cristal, you are 100% right. we will post our stretching goals this week and may be today. the waterproof and qi chargers are there... thank you very much for your support and interest. the digitsole team.
i was looking at your faq and saw that these are not waterproof, merely water-resistant. this concerns me as i plan on using these in winter, when there is usually a lot of slush or puddles on the sidewalks. with that and just rainy weather in general, my feet usually get soaked, even when my footwear is water-resistant. my concern is that water-resistant won't be enough. is there any chance that waterproofing could be made a stretch goal? i'd really rather not have these be ruined the moment i forget that they're there and chase my toddler through a puddle. thanks.
how about some stretch goals, that always make more pledges, like qi charging, or a dual charger for both the insoles, or a special charging stand, mabye some cooling features for the summer or something else, without any stretch goals it's always harder to get more pledges.
@mikkel r. pamperin: hello mikkel, that's a very good suggestion. we checked few weeks ago how this wireless solution works. until today, the qi technology is improving. the maximum charging is around 70% only, but we know that some new solutions are under test. so, we are keeping an eye on it, but definitely it's an interesting option. in the meantime, please note that our digitsole is made with a textile cover that protect the charger connection efficiently. thank you very much for your interest and support. the digitsole team.
would also really like to se qi charging in this product, cause don't think mud/dyst/vater is good in the charger connection?
@nathan: it's not in our plans for now but in the future it is sure something we'll think about. thanks! @amy macneil: it is a bit too early to say as we haven't see the watch yet but if it works on the same os that the iphone, it will sure be compatible :) thanks for the idea!
any plans for compatible applewatch app?  would be great to not have to dig out my phone to control the insoles.  especially if i'm bundled up keeping the rest of me warm!  :)
i think the device will be great for bicycling in the winter. is it possible to design a heating device for gloves?
thanks, hopefully the soles are great like your support ;)
@fabian salzmann: many thanks for your support! don't worry, we'll send a survey at the end of the campaign so we'll know which size you want, where should we send the rewards and everything. again, thank you to all of you! we do appreciate your support!
hey, i've just backed your project, great idea! but where can i choose my size? i didn't found such an option...
@crestor thanks for your response.  i think you will attract more backers if it's possible to ship within eu.
@peter h. : for now, everything will be ship from the us but we're now discussing to have another warehouse in europe to do so. keep in touch, we'll inform you via the updates :) @crystal : it really depends on where you live and on how the kickstarter campaign is going but we will ensure that you get it for christmas :) .thanks for your interest! @henry bman : hi there! thanks for your interest! indeed, there is, we should open a mold for this size very soon!
hello. any possibility of a us 13? 11.5 - 12 is too small for me. thanks!
can we get an approximate day for the december delivery? thanks.
@creator.   great product. will you ship from france to eu backers?
@denise ali thatcher: we do appreciate the support and sure hope the digitsole will keep you warm and cosy this winter! thank you!
looking for trying them in january - having raynaud's, my feet are cold all the time!
*many thanks of course ;)
@frank kelly:unfortunately for now you can only chose the color of your insole with the customized pledge, as we were only able to negociate the producing price for the black one. anyway, many for your support!
just backed your project. i like this idea. willbe able to chose a color other than black?
thank$ for your prompt reply :) unfortunately many crowdfunded projects fail in good communications . i am looking forward to january .
@ron cashman: it's really ok, thanks a lot for your support!
g'day kumar & staff  i have pledged for 2 pairs of digitsoles early backer & have included for 1 lot of postage as i do with all kickstarter projects i back i hope this ok ? all the best with your campaign .
@gary risner: you can charge the battery around 500 times so even if you charge them everyday during winter they should be able to work for at least 3 years. however they are not designed to run everyday. of course you can run after the bus sometimes ;) @mikkel r.pamperin: you can wash them with a damp sponge but they cannot be put into the washing machine and they are available from euro 36 (5-5.5 women)(4.5 men) up to euro 46 (12 men). @vaytechnologies: they can operate for 7 to 8hrs continuous. for now the battery cannot be replaced, but we're working on it :) and thanks to tony noel and parker rounds for the ideas :)
you should look into merging your fitness idea with bigger companies like fitbit, mybasis, jawbone, ect.
how long it operate on one battery charge?  what if battery no longer hold charge, is it possible to replace it by my own?
seems like it is too late, but future generations wood be enhanced with qi 1.2 charging. you could just plop your shoes on a pad and they'd be good to go.
and will you make the sole in all sizes?
is it possible to wash then, cause after a year they might not smell so good :-) is it possible to buy two pair at the early bird price with delivery in january?
neat product! how durable are they and what is there age life? can you run with them?
