congratulations to you, sam, and the other members of the jaswig team, for your firm belief that the standing desk will boost the energy of the individual pupil and sharpen the focus in class. i'll take my standing desk to my classroom in brussels and will introduce it a.o. when casting the news with students-anchormen and -journalists. and may jaswig go viral by both the kickstarter action and word by mouth advertising. may it go global, as working with it will be rewarding! annemie coene
wonderful, your project is successful in the first step and attempt. now go for the long run success - this is a product needed and useful. i am very enthusiast and looking forward to start standing up again. great!
glad to learn that the funds are there! looking forward to get it delivered in limelette, belgium! my son just started primary school and is waiting for his desk to start doing the little homework he has, but it will be perfect for drawing also :-)
congratulations mathias and team. let the fun begin!!
well done,jaswig! can't wait to receive our family pack.
jaswig has been featured on product hunt: http://www.producthunt.com/tech/jaswig :d it's great to see this project get so much traction!
this is a great idea.  and the desk looks great.  i've been looking for something like this for a while.  some additional stain options once you guys get going would be fantastic.  i'm already dreaming of a dark walnut jaswig.  :)
great project! proud as well since it has some roots in ghent :)  i'm sitting almost all day behind my pc, so i can only hope that this project get started good luck to you guys!
i had the change of using prototypes of jaswig desks in our school. we noticed that children really like standing up to work. they say themselves that they concentrate better, that they liked being able to move and not disturbing anyone.  some kids even asked themselves if they could make their tests at te jaswig desk...  so my opinion is , that every class room should have some desk for kids to move around during the day. so they can switch from standing to sitting once in a while.
dear kevin, first of all we would like to thank you for your pledge. at this point it is very hard for us to change the shipping costs on an individual basis. i hope you understand. cheers, the jaswig team
is it possible to pick up the desk ourselves in gent instead of having it delivered? not really necessary to have it delivered and pay 35$ when it is close to my home to pick it up myself when i am passing by...
thank you all for the positive comments and support!  if there are any further questions you can always mail us at standup@jaswig.com or leave a comment in this section!
i've had a chance to see these desks in person and to try one out.  they are elegant, functional, and so wonderfully simple.  i can't wait to have one in my office!  i also love the focus on sustainable design that jaswig brings to the marketplace. i like these desks so much that i am encouraging the school where i work to invest in some for our classrooms.  they are signed up to try some out!
as someone who sits at a computer screen most of the day, i'm very excited about this product. i have tried to build my own multiple times from ikea parts, but never landed on a setup that was perfect (or stable, for that matter). this will make a perfect and esthetically pleasing addition to my workspace, and i have no doubt the relatively small cost is heavily outweighed by the health and productivity benefits jaswig will bring. best of luck to the entire team, and thanks for doing this!
impossible to use this in an airplane cockpit unfortunately. but great to use those at home and will love to see our grand children getting addict to it.
your product is truly amazing and revolutionary! the design is so beautiful and functional at the same time. and remember... 'the ones crazy enough to think that they can change the world, are the ones who do.' -s.jobs-
great idea ! this desk is very useful and beautiful.
i will put my desk in my office at university, so all students and colleagues can see that it makes me happy 'standing' there, and working of course ...
this is really great. my son darwin will love his small standing desk!
