hi, i know this is slightly ridiculous but i just opened my smartegg and there was no top for the battery compartment
you know what would be amazing?? an update that works with amazon echo.
i am from singapore and yet to receive any thing from aico. i have resubmitted my shipping info to facilitate this request. looking forward to hear from you please, thanks.
is there anybody actually happy with this product??
it has been more than 8 months i have got the product. i have been constantly writing the support also. have got no reply. i simply cannot register. i do not get the otp you have added in your app. if you dont want to give this service in india, could have told me. my id is codescorpion@hotmail.com
i didn't recieve anything yet too!
i haven't received anything yet! can someone please help?
still haven't received anything! and i did contact the support.
@ben yes, please look up our ibeacon/nearfield control features on aico.tech.
did we ever get an ifttt channel going?
i can't register in android app. button register is inactive. my many emails to support ignored.
did not recognize any of my electronics... will have to learn all of then... lame...
@jonathan, please email support@aico.tech, and they will follow up with you.  @eugene, sorry about the delayed reply from our support team. they will get back to you soon.
i can't register in android app. button register is inactive. my many emails to support ignored.
so is there a way to get new one since...this almost done i got doesn't even works cause i have to hold at the bottom for the batteries to touch the thingy do it will have power... i don't hold it at perfect angle... it don't work
@mihaela, please email our support team at support@aico.tech for delivery questions. by the way, after the kickstarter campaign, we have been improving our international courier logistics. thank you for all your support.
hi, i have never received my device. help!!
good, it will be compatible with the apple home system through siri thanks
dear galk88, please send us your address and telephone number as well as your email address to support@aico.tech. we will solve than the issue. regards, aico team
hi aico, i didn't get my smartegg but the status of the shipment is recived. can you plz recheck?
please contact support@aico.tech for all support related questions, or go on aico.tech forum for answers. thanks!
i'm having trouble using my smartegg with ifttt, please advise.
@jedidiah, our singapore office sent you back in march directly. check with your local post office.
@michael, according to usps records the package arrived in your mailbox months ago. what's beyond that is beyond our control.
i still have not received the eggs, and aico doesn't seem to want to respond now that the money is in their pockets.
@creator i still have not received my smart eggs!
@aico tech backer 213 - italy as of today, there is no sign of smartegg shipping and customs can't find any related parcel. that being said, considering other backers (with higher number) have received in italy at the beginning of last month, i would really like to ask some advice on how to proceed with refund protocols. thank you for your attention, regards.
does the smartegg send ir signals that don't require line of sight?
my smartegg is not arrived... about 6 months, i think  it s a problem i pay it and i want it  please help me
i wrote to you by private message, to discuss privately, please answer that. thank you in advance.
giorgio, you changed your address from germany to italy after we shipped. there's beyond our reach.
never received ... i was stolen! :(
ok, in any case on my second address (my second currently house) nothing yet arrived. the result do not change. :(
giorgio, our records indicate that you updated your shipping address on april 20th, way after the date of our shipment. we cannot update shipping address after shipment. if you have not set up forwarding service with your post office, you would check with your post office to see. survey response responded on jan 19 2016  address updated on apr 20 2016
hello,  from italy and germany nothing yet arrived...  any idea of this delay?
for me the same. after a few weeks the egg stopped working. first i couldn't use it as a remote for my xbox 360 any longer and then it completely stopped...
@ricardo we email to you hotmail on 6 may, 11 may & 15 june regarding your shipment enquiry, unfortunately, seems you miss all of them. could you please kindly response us at least once  to support@aicotech.com so we can following you up on the shipment updates. thank you!
still haven't received anything, and i am not getting any kind of response... this is starting to be very frustrating... you should show more  respect for the people who backed you up...
i travelled for a week and when i came back, it stopped working.
hello! still not received in ukraine - 08/06/16 backer number - 578 what to do?
we need some sort of tracking, i'm from brazil, how do i know if you have sent???
didn't receive anything yet....
2 eggs received but it's really difficult to use.. :(
just received (italy) by standard postman. but (ios) not able to recognize sms code. -.-" very frustrating.
i haven't received it yet as well :( is there any problem with the customs ?  i am based in seoul (korea). i think you should send out the delivery tracking receipts to the backers atleast so that we can try to track with the customs.
the app doesn't launch anymore (samsung s6). i uninstalled and installed again and nothing happens . beside, when it launched it didn't work anyway. it seems that you put all your effort in the ios app until now it's been just a waste of time and money (2 eggs)
hi, how about the alternative registration process for the app. tried it on two phones (ios 9) get an sms but app don't recognize it #as correct. the new support can be good but it will not help user during the registration as it cannot accessed without logged in or i can't find it. a support website with contact information would be also nice for this. hope to get help to be able to use my smare remote soon. best regards  andreas
my smartegg arrived a couple of weeks ago and worked as described.  then last week i went to use it and found it not working.  when i went to look at the smartegg the bottom cover was off and the part where the tongue of the cover connects to the smartegg was missing.  the actual plastic case had failed!  sent pictures to the team, who offered to send out the bottom cover, but when i explained to them it was the actual case that had failed and got this response "it’s very unusual that the shell is broken at this point of the smart egg. since this doesn’t cover our warranty we can only over you to buy a new egg for the same price like the old one. you can order a new one under this link: https://www.indiegogo.com:443/projects/1629224/x/13361922…" why would i want to buy another one that is going to fail and then be told it is not covered by warranty.
hello, i'm still waiting for my smartegg in italy. no tracking code? seriously?
i received 2 eggs, sadly they don't recognize my devices and the "learn" function doesn't work most of the time  (androido app with s6). also the app is very buggy and the interface is awefull and it crushes all the time. i how you release a new one soon :(
hello team, i still haven't received my order as well. is there any news about shipping to italy?
hi aico, this is the third time i'm writting to ask you for the receipt for my order. it's held up in customs. is is so hard for you to give me na answer ?? i would appreciate na answer before it's impossible for me to retrive it. thank you.
@creator hi, i don't got anything so i need the receipt to check the shipping status with the local post office. please help me
received my egg yesterday (belgium) and it worked right away with all my devices! the smart learning function works great! nice product!
finally! i received the egg. (israel). however, i am truly disappointed. after such a long wait and i simply doesnt work with any of my remotes - tv (lg), amplifier (yamaha) and the ac, nothing.
never get my eggs, and why we never get a answer thats not professional
still haven't received my order. any news about italy shipping?
i still havent got my smart egg. i am from méxico. do you know if other backers from méxico recieved theirs ?
i still have not received my egg. will i ever get a response? this is my 5th attempt to notify the project creator, how much longer am i supposed to wait?
oh sorry, i keep forgetting that i throw it in the trash, never mind!
i hope you have read about business ethics before you ask people to read policies! it is in fact, low language and insult and "aico" do not belong on kickstarter. well, just last question please, will the new firmware and app work with the egg if it can not be powered?
ghaith, read kickstarter return and refund policy. decent backers whose intention is to solve their difficulties do not insult products or people.  we have plenty backers who appreciate our work and dedication. low language and insult do not belong on kickstarter.
so what is the proof you sent me a third cover? i haven't received anything from you after that broken one! well, if the first was even shipped and if the second one was not shipped already broken :p how about that? why do you still want to trap yourself more? i told you before, use that thing in your head before talking, it is something called "brain" if you ever heard the name?! and by the way, when talking about knowing how things work in america, have you ever heard that the customer has the right to return back the product if the customer is not satisfied with it? how would that be if that "product" was even not working, missing a part and overall a crap?! now my fear is: what if you try to please me to return this "product" to you? what would i do? it is already in trash, would you accept it like that? or wait, it is already from the trash, so it doesn't matter! guys, you are just making me happy more and more, i am really grateful that i could show other backers how you work and what is your attitude against your customers.
hi folks, once again, we are about to release a update for both ios and android version of aicolink. it will be available in both apple store and google play store shortly next week. in this update will make some changes as followings: fix some reported bugs, like unable to set and save a timer, or timer fire time is 12 hour early (or late) sometimes fix the missing country selection for russian federation (+7) during the registration offere alternative way in user registration when mobile is unable to receive a verification code by sms change some of the icon design, so that you have a better understanding of its meaning to establish an in-app feedback communication, when you have difficulty to find a remote, use the smart egg or a bug, you can report directly to us, and our support team will able to response your request directly in app rectify some gui inconsistency in android version prolong the max time interval between each key in scene from 30 seconds to 60 seconds  some other minor fixes we hate to say here, but we did spend days to make it right in addition, this update involves a firmware upgrade of the smart egg as well, to new hardware version (122). the firmware upgrade is done automatically, just stay connected with smart egg for about 5 mins, the smart egg will prompt you a restart to complete the firmware upgrade. it's so easy that your grandma can do it. thank you for your kind support.
ghaith, despite the fact that we think the battery cover was not missing, we generously shipped you additional covers three times in a row, each of which you claimed stolen, missing, or broken. sounds strange? most of our backers are reasonable people. we truly appreciate their support.
i already wasted my money, and not willing to waste my time with you! i have already sent you pictures of those envelopes, other than that, i thought of booking a flight to your "factory" to show you what i got, but thought it isn't worth it! and yes, i am admitting it, i've been playing with you by claiming missing "battery covers", and i could trap you exactly as i wanted :) if this is the way you think of your customers then i really wish you a huge "good luck" with your next projects. again i am just writing so that everybody here knows your way of dealing with your backers, nothing else!
yes, you should be sorry, ghaith, we take insult seriously. stolen or broken products during delivery is post office responsibility -- you should know how things work in america. additional shipment is not part of "free shipping" in your pledge. in fact we even shipped you a third time, if you have not received. "why would i claim stolen/broken covers if that is not true? " --we can also say we think you are just playing us, which interrupts our normal function of helping other backers who are actually in need. if you'd like us to ship again, with your preferred method, you can pay for additional shipping at market rate from now on. we will not ship you additional parts for free for being insulted by you, without you proving it's missing. for those whose intention is to solve problems and better use our products, we are more than willing to assist them. for those whose sole intention is to insult our product or our integrity, we will not compromise. prove the battery cover is missing and those two envelops were not ripped by yourself, or no more free additional shipment to you.
sorry! when you said in your original project that the shipping is free, then you cannot anyhow complain about cost being low or high, otherwise you should have already put a shipping fee, if your shipment goes all around earth, it is your problem, you said "free shipping", backers didn't request that! and let me clarify to you that a "product" can not be considered delivered if it is missing a part! this is how business goes, not by saying "it is not our problem". one more time, think of it again please, why would i claim stolen/broken covers if that is not true? i am wondering why i would keep collecting them and do false claims! well, maybe i am trying to open a new business selling battery covers? hmmm, i thought those eggs are more expensive to lie about?! oh wait, looks like they are not! i tried to be nice since i received that "product" and again that's been since 2 months, can you tell me what are you still expecting from me with all this ignorance? again, please read my comment carefully, i haven't said i got two broken envelopes, i said one envelope was teared off and the cover was not there at all, and the second one, the cover itself was broken. i sent you pictures of those two envelopes, but unfortunately kickstarter doesn't allow pictures here! if you that i am writing these comments to please you to send me that cover to get that "product" to work, then sorry, that is not the case! your "product" is already been considered a crap and found its own way to the trash :) i am just writing so that everybody here knows now your way of dealing with your backers, "good luck" with your next "projects" and "business"
what you said is false, ghaith. let's point out one by one: 1. we ship from china. for us backers we in fact ship twice, from china to the us first, and then from the us to each backer. thus the cost is actually more than double of what you see on shipping labels. 2. if you believe a shipment is stolen, that is not our responsibility. you are not paying for shipping. you have no base to complain about packaging.   3. if you want to play nice, as we already did, we wouldn't mind being generous and sending you additional battery covers. but if you insult us, please prove the packaging was ripped when you received it. as we know, post offices return mails if envelops were broken. in fact we rarely see broken envelops, and happening to you twice in a row is beyond normal. your pictures actually proved that you did receive the mails. broken mails is post office's responsibility. maybe you need to check with your local post office or neighborhood security to see why "someone stole it". blaming your neighborhood security on us is unreasonable.
that is really fun, i am still trying to read my comment over and over again to see that false language you are talking about! why would i claim a missing battery cover 3 times? do you think i am a battery covers collector? you in fact need to be careful about your language and thinking before you say such things!  i have always sent you pictures of what i got from you, and i still have all the emails about that claim! and when talking about international shipping, doesn't the state of california belong to usa? all the "shipments" i got were from california, two of them for the battery covers were only put in normal envelopes that the first was teared off and the cover taken out of it and the second one arrives with broken cover, here i am not asking for "fancy" packaging, i am just asking for a decent packaging that keeps the product protected! it's been almost two months since i originally recieved this "product" and it is still useless to me without the battery cover, with me sending reminders to you to fix this, what are you waiting from me after 2 months with no professional response?! i believe, we all backers here were already supportive and reasonable since we  put our money in this "project" before it's been a fact, now, it is your turn to be supportive and reasoable to the people who trusted you!
unlike amazon or ebay who ship at mass quantity with world's most sophisticated logistics, we do not have the special inexpensive rates from shipment companies, which is a tiny fraction of retail price we/you would be paying, and so we hope our backers understand that we can only afford flat rate international shipping instead of the fancy fedex/ups you are used to. for example, a single egg, if we use ups or fedex, each package could cost way over 20 dollars which would make no sense for either you or us, versus the free shipping from asia to the us and 10 dollars from asia to most other countries. we appreciate your support.
hi derek, some canadian backers received their orders already, and so depending on your region you should be receiving soon. it is international flat shipping, and so we cannot estimate exact time of delivery.
sergio, we will message you soon. thanks.
ghaith, did you take a picture that shows original packaging with the battery cover missing to prove your claim of missing battery cover? we shipped you additional battery covers twice at our own additional cost free to you, plus the free international shipping we generously offered you, and you blame us on the packaging not being fancy enough with inappropriate language. again, inappropriate language do not belong here. it is only an embarrassment to those who do not take their own language seriously by using false language publicly. furthermore, it makes it harder for other backers to look for valuable information for the best use of our products. we are proud of most of our backers who are very supportive and reasonable.
this is the worst project i have ever backed, i received the egg on march 31 missing the battery lid, the owner sent me 2 new lids, one got stolen and the other arrived broken, that is because the careless packing they put the lid in, i have tried to reach out to the owner and they keep promising with no luck, i have not used the product so far and will not ever use it, it is a piece of crap.
hi, my order is in customs and i need my receipt so i can get it. already mailed you but had no response. please help me with my problem. thank you
i am in canada. any idea when it may arrive?
to all russian backers, the country code for russia will be officially added in our upcoming aicolink app update.
giovanni, we noticed some italian backers have been gradually receiving their orders. we cannot control the speed of delivery due to your country's custom and local post offices. your order was shipped a month and half ago.
fred, thank you for your support. glad to hear it works well for you :-)
simo, please get on bbs.aico.tech for the quickest technical support. thank you for letting us know your difficulty.
hi eric, we did some research. you have not received it because you filled the survey with your address 2 months after it was due in february. we will ship to you, hopefully next week. it might take 2 weeks to reach taiwan.
still didn't get mine, i live in israel... please contact me.
still haven't received my egg/order. i live in canada.
i tried 1000 times to access, the credentials are correct and i also did the password change procedure, but still see this message: '' you are connecting to the other's smart egg, please provide owner's credential to access. '' can you help me?
i didn't get any shipment notice. is there any way to track my order?
@creator  after 3 months i don't receive my smartegg in italy... probabily i will not receive anymore! you stole my money
my smart egg is working well. my reciever tv and  setup box was not on the list,but your instructions did the job. aico thanks from the netherlands fred
@creator to start a research in our local post we need at least the shipping receipt. only with this i'll be able to try to find the lost eggs. please provide me the receipt. thanks
a can't  login and create account! no russian federation phone code in menu! please, add russian code!
for any other canadians, i received mine today in calgary. hopefully yours is around the corner. as for the actual product, ho boy the app needs some work. i'll probably just stick with my harmony. live and learn
i have received the eggs today! but i don't can access to app. can you help me?
i'm also in canada and in the same boat as kyle. please let me know if there's something more to be done.
dan, thank you for your feedback. glad that our update solved your problems.
jose, if your phone number does not work with registration, try your email.
eugene, try the kazakhstan country code.
kyle, please check your message box.
the local post office has no way to tell where the shipment is (there are hundreds of local post offices in the city i live in). also here in canada you cannot just call up the customs office and ask if they have a parcel, in fact the post office cannot even do that. i have had this kind of issue before and canada post only replies with "the shipper must start an investigation on their end". so basically the answer aico gave to the other backers in an earlier response will not work here for me. sorry, but i paid for a product and "we shipped it, it's your problem now" is not an acceptable answer.
i haven't received my 2 smarteggs. please help!
my parcel come without tracking number. but custom and post offices required tracking numbers for searching lost parcels.
today i'm got "egg's". but can't register, because my country not in list!!!! where is russia?!?!?
haven't still got mine. how long have i to wait for it? i live in italy. thanks
same here about the verification code. i sent an email to support but there's no way to activate this product. please help!!!
i still have no record my product. i live in canada.
in this case , the cargo will never reach , base on what you says, there are thousand of pos offices and 30 airport in my country , how am i suppose to find it. without a trace , no way the cargo will be found .
i have to say that since the last software and firmware upgrades the connectivity between my iphone and the egg really improved, it doesn't lose connection anymore.
teoh, don't just assume it is impossible. it is the reality, that no tracking code for flat rate shipping to you. you for sure know where your local post office is, as your package was shipped to your local office. we are not responsible for couriers, customs, or local post office. we have 2000 backers, and for most of them this was not a problem.
yes. it was shipped at least a month ago. no tracking code is provided for flat rate shipping.
the way u answer sounds like u are not sending out anything ... sorry ... this is unacceptable excuse , "not providing tracking" ...and claim u been send things out ... how are we suppose to check with local post office or custom ? which port is the goods arrive ? which post office it is held ? no clue ... ?
it is impossible u send a stuff without tracking event u using ups there will be a tracking
@creator  there is no way to consult , without knowing actual time and date u send the stuff over .... and so far there is no contact or sign from post officer that u send . please do check on your side on the delivery . did u actually send the product out ?
teoh and simo, please consult with your local post office and customs, both of which are beyond our judiciary. we do not provide tracking numbers for international shipments.
@creator haven't got my eggs, no tracking number no email what happened ?
i still haven't received the product.i live in italy! i want a tracking number
no product here either. also in canada.
i still haven't received my product. canada here.
isaac, our shipping team will do some research. supposedly singapore is one of the first countries that we shipped to. we do not provide tracking numbers due to the flat rate shipping setting.
hi brandon, thank you for your support! our support team should email you soon.
eugene, we have not heard of issues of not receiving products from other russian backers. your package was shipped at least a month ago. your best bet is to consult with your local post office and russian customs. we have no control over post offices or customs in your locality, which are beyond our judiciary.
how long i must be waiting my items? and what you do if i not receiving it?
hi there, was just wondering if i could get some help please. i am having trouble pairing the remote to my phone. using an iphone 6plus (software up to date). bluetooth working well with other accessories - not currently paired with anything when i try to use the egg. i'm wondering if it's a problem with the app? it won't move past a generic screen that says thank you for using. thanks in advance!
hi, i have not received my smarteggs yet. is there a tracking number for me to check or follow up ? thanks.
again, inappropriate language do not belong here. it is only an embarrassment to those who do not take their own language seriously by using false language publicly. furthermore, it makes it harder for other backers to look for valuable information for the best use of our products. we are proud of most of our backers who are very supportive and reasonable.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
you are very welcome, kevin. hope it all works out for you. notice that the app will be upgraded overtime --- part of what's great about having an app instead of having built-in software only.
thank you for finally contacting me re: no battery door with the info that one is on the way.   i notice you have also added a 'contact' button, hope it works as it is important. thanks again
raghu, please get on your technical forum or email at support@aicotech.com for technical questions. thanks.
guys, i'm unable to receive the verification code itself not coming. what to do...!!!!!!!
kevin, if you play nice we wouldn't mind shipping you another battery cover even though we believe it is not missing. we do not take insults lightly when you make baseless insults while many are in love with smarteggs.
kevin, no refund will be provided just because you pledged something and you don't like it. did you take a picture of the original item in package to prove you did not receive a batter cover? we double-checked every item to make sure the product has every part before we ship them out.
product unsatisfactory, in fact does not work without a battery door. how do i get a refund?
i got my egg with no battery door so it will not work and i cannot find any way to contact ache oh... so all i can do is post and warn people about the useless egg... do not spend your $$$ on useless products.
aico, i'm unable to receive register only, as the verification code itself not coming. what to do...!!!!!!!
guys i must acknowledge the help i got to get my egg started... it works on some devices and on some it does not... for the price it is worth it... thank you for the nice product... i am sure you will keep working on improving the compatibility with software upgrades. best of luck
i still haven't received my smart egg. i am from mexico, any news about this?
i keep getting my verification code exactly 30 min. after i request one. how can you activate it? it's turned into a inedible egg... no response from support@aicotech.com, so i have to post it here.
just received my egg ( usa, pa ). ordered in february, received in may... was very disappointed by the quality of the egg, cheap plastic.. the app is extremely buggy, and at times would shut down. have yet to connect it to another remote besides my main one.
i not received in ukraine please let me know the tracking number backer number - 578 thank you
hi. my smart egg arrived today. i found apple tv in the settings, but there is no back button for apple tv3 and the one for apple tv2 does not work on my apple tv3 (it acts like another 'ok' button). the egg does not learn anything from my apple tv. any way to fix this?
bought for my ceiling fans only to realize that they use radio signal instead of ir.  my loss your gain, buy it on ebay: http://www.ebay.com/itm/231922390894…
hi im from the netherlands, when will i receive my smart egg?
@wayne little ... i have the same problems, and the tech-forum from aico have only videos posted which are not available / deleted. so i think there are only here to get our money. no support, no reply.
how does one get the verification code???? i keep resending the request and have to wait for 300 sec staring at the screen. if you leave the screen then the timer stops.... wasted hours and yet no reply for days.
is there a web page with videos to help with some of the issues? i have two vizio tv's and neither take a,code nor do they learn from their remote.  also dish tv can't be found.  i'll mess more with it tomorrow.
how long i must be wait my item?
@arpit - register with ur email instead of mobile no
got my egg yesterday. thank you. now i will try it. but my first impression says it is wonderful.
i am not getting the activation code.... on any phone... apple or android
no device runs with smart egg, no tv, no amplifier, no bluray, nothing!!!
get my egg today. pairing with my phone: no problem. learning remotes: no. my tv is not in the list. the ir learning does not work. the yt-videos doesn"t exist. what a shit. i'm not amused!
i'm still waiting for my egg...
and why it is not possible to change the buttons of "search model". because why you have a bluray player added to the search model without a eject button. and tv mode without on/off. and receiver without the + and - volume?
and when the self learning got the ir code an add the button, the button don't work in the test mode. so why is the egg reacting to an ir-learning and add the button, when it not work?
and your videos in the tech forum about using the modes to add new devices are not available. great support guys
how is the ir self-learning working? try to set up new ir-remote but no reaction of the egg. when i klick on "test" there are no keys for testing anything. anyone with the same problem?
when will you dispatch my reward ? if dispatched please provide tracking number....
hello. is there any tracking number for my item? i have not received it yet.. :(
any news about the shipment for mexican costumers?
@florian ernst: nein ich habe auch noch nichts erhalten...
aico app doesn't work.  when i try to register, the confirmation message is just a text full of interrogation signs. i can't even try my egg because the app doesn't work.  please help me on the registration process. i can't even try if the egg works.
aico app doesn't work.  when i try to register, the confirmation message is just a text full of interrogation signs. i can't even try my egg because the app doesn't work
kevin, it will be sent out this week from the us.
i do understand but i cannot find any other way to contact you, like kickstarter says you should have a contact email but i am not finding it so all i can do is post now that i have your attention i am wondering, what should i do with this brand new broken egg?
got my egg but cannot use it cause it has no battery door, sure wish someone at ache oh tech would take notice and fix the problem as i waited very patiently for an extended period of time to receive a broken egg... please send me a door...
kevin, with thousands of orders missing parts does occasionally happen. that can be any product. we do very sophisticated quality check to make sure that parts don't miss. it's only been less than a day since you posted a comment. kickstart comment section is not a chatroom, and people do have things to do other than responding you every hour. respect others as you yourself. shipment to canada does not happen overnight.
andy, yes, the auto pause feature is built in.
you might as well forget about your $$$ i got my egg but it has no battery door and i cannot get a response from these guys
hat jemand aus deutschland schon etwas erhalten?
@aico team, i also backed another similar project on kickstarter, klikr, they have a feature that can automatically pause and/or mute the tv/media playing device when a call is received on the phone. is this something you could incorporate into the smartegg?  i've managed to use the smartegg bluetooth location based macros to pause/play my tv box when i walk out of the room, but the auto pause during a call would be amazing.
hi aico tech, can you update me on the shipment of my package?  i live in italy and i haven't received it.
hey aico tech, can you update me on the shipment of my package? i live in india and haven't received it as yet.
i got my egg today and there is no door to hold the batteries in so this one is useless as the door completes the circuit. please send me this part!!!
justin. i double-checked. your order was actually returned by usps.
justin, your order will be shipped out today as well.
hey aico tech, can you update me on my package aswell? i live in gladwyne, pa and have not received it.
hi dan, your order was shipped almost 3 weeks ago from the us. it is strange why you have not received yet. i checked the total stats, and it shows "mail piece was scanned in zip code 19125 on apr 18". according to usps: "we attempted to deliver your item at 11:17 am on april 18, 2016 in philadelphia, pa 19125 and a notice was left because no secure delivery location was available. you may arrange redelivery by using the schedule a redelivery feature on this page or calling 800-ask-usps, or may pick up the item at the post office indicated on the notice. if this item is unclaimed by may 3, 2016 then it will be returned to sender." thus please contact usps today as it's the last day before it would be sent back.
hey aico tech, i was wondering if you could update me on the shipment of my package, i am in philadelphia, pa in the us. it looks like a lot of others have already received theres so i wanted to reach out and see if there was something you needed from me. thanks! dan.
still awaiting update of delivery of the product???
hi aico, thank you for the quick response.  i just wanted  to add one thing - i am only posting to help the greater majority, not just myself.  posting responses to my posts, so that others can see it is great, but having a web page that addresses common issues would help a lot.  thanks again!
ok, i used the link posted bellow. but couldn't find nothing with aicolink.
any idea when the app will be available on the play store ?  i can't find it
you know what would be cool? widgets for iphone. so i could quickly click one of my scenes.  love the egg so far, i can work around the egg being on its side! :) how about ifttt integration too?
and yes, egg is at similar height to the tv and other devices.
i have a completely clean line of sight between the devices. as soon as i stand the egg up, the tv, virgin media box & sony amp stop responding. if i lay the egg on its side, everything works fantastically. strange!
andy, if your egg stands, will the tv's ir receiver and the egg be aligned with nothing blocking in between? we have not seen problem as such elsewhere.
just worked out that if my smart egg is standing up on my coffee table, the range is rubbish and the codes hardly work (table is approx. 3 meters from tv stand). if i point the top of the egg at the tv, everything works fine! seems a bit broken to have my egg laying on its side rolling around, but at least it's working 100% this way!
nimalan, try our forum on aicotech.com for technical questions. thank you for your feedback.
maor, your order was shipped about 3 weeks ago. international shipping does take time. we are no amazon prime, and thus we could only use flat rate shipping which might take a bit longer. thank you.
dan, thank you for your feedback. we'll look into it. use our forum for technical issues as much as possible, as that's where you will get the direct support from engineers.
roudett, read our previous updates. your order was shipped two weeks ago by us first class along with hundreds other orders. to understand how us first class shipping works, go to usps.com.
i'm still waiting for my egg.  will i ever get it?
seems like the firmware update did not completely fix the connectivity issues with my iphone, still when the egg sleeps sometimes i need to restart it so my phone will find it.
i have never ordered something from a company more inept at giving shipping updates.  "you should get it soon" is not an update.  starting to lose faith that i will ever recieve the product.
thank you
hello. received the egg. works well. i am having trouble programming new remotes (not listed). does not seem to be learning.  it is specifically for foxtel in australia. similar unit and remote to sky in the uk.
android https://play.google.com/store/apps/details… ios https://appsto.re/ca/w4sb1.i
aicolink
what is the app called? i can't even find it. pls help
hi florian, at this time our gui is not open source. if you feel you can help improve our gui let us know :-)
hi jeff, we appreciate your detailed feedback. i'm sure your feedback will help other backers.
jim, try to smart match or the self-learning feature if your ac is not listed. it's not difficult. have questions, check out our forum.
hi kevin, thank you for your support and feedback.  firmware is updated with the aicolink app, so as long as your app is updated, your firmware is the latest.
hi alvin, this was unexpected. your order was definitely shipped two weeks ago the latest. we don't know why you have not received. message or email me to discuss if you still receive by monday or so.
did not recieve my egg at all yet.. shipped out long time ago but yet to receive anything. any update for me?
hi aico team, i know it's been a process to continue development while backers stand by, so it would help to understand a few things.  if there was a running list of functions that you are working on and could share on a web page, that would make it easy to see that there is a working feedback loop.  at the top of the page could be listed things like: latest firmware released (so we can know if we have the latest and if not, maybe something is up), the latest software version and the priority development items.  speaking for myself only, i don't mind being a part of the development and backer community, providing feedback as needed and appreciating the hard work involved, but it helps to communicate early and often in this type of process since you now have a lot of co-developers/backers online now.  i don't really know if i have the latest firmware or what the development priorities are and i think others like me would benefit greatly from more updates.  thanks and keep trucking!
another poor "investment" on ks for me. totally useless wont work with either of my frigidaire ac units... that's the only reason i wanted it.
i've just had a chance to sit down and play with the smart egg a little bit. it's a cool little gadget that can execute a string of commands. two of my devices were loaded and one was not. i trained the egg to know the appropriate commands for that device. then i wrote little programs (called "scenes") that would say "push power on tv remote. wait thirty seconds. turn to channel 9." etc. finally, i trained the egg to run one of the programs if i sit on the couch next to it between 6pm and midnight. does it do exactly what i was anticipating? well...actually...what was i anticipating? a little visual image of my precise remote? after i had a chance to understand the smart egg for its own sake, it really did start to make a lot more sense!!
@roger bueno, sigue intentándolo, a mí me pasaba lo mismo, en una de esas te manda el código, está medio chafo el proceso pero si funciona, yo soy de san nicolás !!
hi received 2 smart eggs in mexico and after registration y get a verification code but i only receive a message containing blank lines "____________________". i can't even begin to use the egg. please help asap.
hey, is the source code of the gui open source?  because its a lot easier to set up my own gui or change your gui in some view which i will prefer?
the device goes to sleep and cannot be "found" unless you pop open the battery cover, kind of defeating the purpose of having a smart hub. i'm hoping a fix is on the way, otherwise this will be donated to goodwill.
to anyone outside the us who have not received your order yet. your order was shipped two weeks ago (if not sooner), and can take about two more weeks to arrive. international shipment from china does take time.
justin, "not wanting it anymore" is not a valid reason for refund. "everyone" is not true either.
so when will you be shipping mine ? i saw my name in the last batch of shipment . but by when will it reach ?
i want a refund, everyone says this is not worth it... and i really don't want it anymore.
#395 haven't received anything either and email is being ignored. submitted survey straight away upon receival, will i receive anything at all?
useless device. the database of remotes has no us cable boxes or sound bars making it very difficult to set up. spent 2 hours trying to manually add each remote button to the app, it remembered them for awhile and then it seems to have forgotten them all. when it had its memory it performed the input command about half the time.  this is at best a beta product. extremely disappointed.
i got my egg last week and it's decent but not a polished product. the ui is ok but you can't program the buttons, though the dial system does work after you learn what all the icons actually do. my 1 year old samsung tv wasn't listed, but teaching the egg was easy enough biggest concern i have is that it goes to sleep and doesn't wake up. i have to walk across the room and pop the battery compartment off then back on to get it to cycle back on
received my egg. had to program in all my remotes via learning. this was painful. now the egg randomly works when i press a button. very temperamental. feels like i'm beta testing this device. range seems severely limited too. hoping a firmware fix can improve some of these initial teething issues. when it actually works, it's pretty good...
i have not received my smartegg and my emails are being ignored. any suggestions. i think we have been defrauded
i have 2 eggs and i can't get either of them to learn the ir codes for my devices - any advice would be helpful
#1667 i have not received anything, i would be refunded
backer #213 - italy : still no sign of shipping. backers please advice your backer number and status (ex. shipped, delivered, missing, etc.) so we can all get an idea about delivery times.
will this be on ifttt?
i not received in ukraine
i couldn't receive anything need order number because of customs
hi the smart egg received takes my phone number for verification code but i don't receive any messages. i can't even begin to use the egg. please help by responding or tell me another way
hi  i haven't received anything.  did you send my order?
i believe my smart egg was damaged in transit there was a crack in the clear housing at the top of the packaging. i think this has resulted in my smart egg not being able to learn ir codes. please advise
haven't received anything yet!
product is unresponsive and does not work.  and worse still support forum does not reply to trouble shoot and instead just provide standard reply.  very irresponsible company.  you can remove. i just continue to post
same here.. i haven't received anything!
i must say i am very dissapointed with my smart egg. this promised to be so much but the interface is terrible, there are so few makes and models to choose from and you can't even connect to a sky + box... please open some kind of technical forum, i feel like  i need a masters degree to operate the smart egg!
why did you open that technical forum if you don't bother to reply to questions there? do people phones find the egg after they're out of range and then come back into range? my iphone doesn't, i have to restart the egg each time.
the idea is great but the implementation is terrible. bluetooth disconnects if my phone is more than one feet away. my phone connects to other bluetooth devices from across the room and even from different rooms just fine so it's not an issue with my phone. the software is horrendous and the database is extremely limited. either address these issues or give me my money back.
i did not receive anything. sure everything went out? :(
hello i have been trying to register with my email and my phone but i never saw a succesful confirmation and when i try to connect it tells me login and password don't match. if i try to register again with same email, i have a register failed. can you have a look with my registration for: jffarges@gmail.com and fix it ? thank you
just give me the protocol document and i'll write my own app, which doesnt ask for a phone number or registration!
received my two eggs. one shipped without a battery cover.  very limited database. kind of useless so far. disappointed.
just received mine. product look pretty cool but pretty useless. the data basis is a shame (only  one reference for acer projector and one working button, one reference for yamaha home theater amplifier, and of course not mine, just a joke!) et self learning is pain in the ass when you have 50 buttons on your remote ! the idea was great, realization is a pity! just hope data basis will increase before ir tech. dies!! lol.
how do i add xbox one controls?
hi, first post after i just received my smartegg today in tokyo/japan, the registering process was a little "off", i tried both phone and gmail and seems like phone doesnt work well. retried with gmail and verification worked after about 5 minutes or so. i tried with both sony xperia z3 and iphone 6s on the same smartegg and are working at the moment. iphone app looks awesome, and android seems like it needs a little bit more cleanse up on the ui. apart from that, now working for my fan and air-conditioning. great product :)
so i have been waiting... and waiting... and waiting... everyone else seems to have theirs? please update. thanks you.
thank you, dan!!! the app really would benefit from a "swipe" instruction on the home screen. let me just say that i am quite pleased with this. i am having issues getting my roku to match, but my tower fan and samsung tv work like a charm! timers aren't working for me, but i am patient and hopeful that that will be resolved.
same here.. i haven't received anything!
hi i haven't received anything. did you send my order?
@creator: any update on the android app? while trying to teach it one of my remotes, the smart egg actually wiped the remote, so it stopped working. luckily the remote had a reset button, which also seems to have reset the ir settings. all this caused by the fact that i tried over 10 times to teach it a on / off ir function, but app kept crashing.....
still i activation code received. been trying on and off for 2 days now!! help!!!!
still nothing received.  when can i receive it ?
hi, received my egg today. upon opening, it looks like my unit shipped without a battery cover.
thanks dan, problem solved. perhaps a swipe command on the front of the app would be of assistance to others. looking through the remote codes, i couldn't find anything for sky satellite boxes, which are in homes all over europe.
i received 2 eggs today. i am based in india. i have been trying to get the verification code for 5 hours now repeatedly after waiting for 300 sec counter please provide a solution so i can start using the eggs
received my eggs. paired easily, and fundamentally behaves as expected with lg g3 phone.  predefined devices, however, are rather thin. my lg tv works. couldn't find samsung soundbar. looks like a lot of learning remote will be necessary. phone finds egg every time, no problem. the 5 second delay is a minor annoyance. the ui definitely needs refinement. it's somewhat laggy, and the vibration on button press is rather intense. overall, a good start - for me. hopefully, aico tech will continue to refine, and/or release an api for third party developers.
not getting registeration code how do i proceed.
am i the only one who's phone can not find the egg after i've been away from the egg for a while?  only way i found to make the phone connect to the egg is to restart the egg, not happy with this approach.
david, did you swipe to the left after you opened the iphone app? i also thought it freezes, took me a while to understand that there're additional screens in the app that are available once you start swiping to the left.
why i've not receive the egg? i'm from italy
my device is not being recognised by bluetooth by my phone or ipad, both of which are running ios 9.3.1. the app has been installed on both, but just freezes when opened. the egg shows a blue light, but nothing happens.
i received my smartegg today (in brazil). i got it quickly to control our tv, but the air conditioned's brand is not registered. i'll use the learn feature. all seems good so far. nice acrylic box btw!
buyer from usa, i received it today. i played half an hour, trying to configure the remote of my video-projector, the app bugs a lot. registering a key 2 or 3 times before the app actually remembers it. the app crashed, i lost the remote. i decided to configure it incrementally, but unfortunately after saving the first remote, editing it does nothing. you should debug your app. (android 6, oneplus2)
hi mauro, yes, i remember your name on one of the postage labels. you will receive soon.
i fully understand that no tracking number of shipments, but they could confirm at least that my order was already sent? my delivery are: jose luis mendez (usa)
i cannot access my egg without 1) giving my phone number.  2) being logged into the internet.  what a pos.  do you think aico will be doing some data mining on your viewing habits.  where is my refund. if you have to watch me i don't want it.
i was ready to be greatly disappointed - but i am not let down by this product. it worked with all my led strips, led bulbs, and tv perfectly. thank you for the amazing product aico!
i am wanting to use the smart match feature but whenever i try and hit "start smart match" it just takes me to a page that says "can't find your remote? then has a button that says "cline your remote" i have had to clone ever remote and am getting really tired of it please help.
patrick and elad - please take 5 minutes of your time and read previous comments about shipping times, or even the most recent update about shipping times.  all your questions have previously been answered.  stop wasting the time of the campaign creators.
hi - i still didn't receive my smartegg, when is it expected?
why the app collecting mobile phone number? please use standard email. thanks.
at this moment i have not received my smartegg in paris ? is it normal, can you send me the date of shipment . thank you
thank you! i already posted in the support section, hoping for a quick resolution
hi joseph, thank you for your support and understanding.  as for the indiegogo campaign, yes, we prioritized shipping for kickstarter backers before we will ship for indiegogo backers in about two weeks. besides getting more feedback and improving our app, indiegogo also serves the purpose of letting those who missed the kickstarter campaign or backed us on kickstarter but got dropped due to credit card issues. we received many requests to start a follow-up indemand campaign after our kickstarter campaign. it is at no cost of kickstarter backers but only good for improving our app and firmware. and thank you for your involvement on http://bbs.aico.tech/ !
hi anselmo, thank you for your continued support! let us know any technical question or suggestion you might have on our forum. we appreciate it.
hi tatsuya, thank you so much for your continued support!
i'll post my own personal review after a few days of using it, however, just got it tonight and already took advantage of conveniently combining all my remotes into the smartegg app, i'm really loving it! still trying to troubleshoot an issue with an aircon remote, thankfully aico tech support is on it!!
steven, we will ship you a new battery gate in about two weeks.
hi allen, thank you so much for sharing your experience with us. we would love to assist you further on our forum or via support@aicotech.com. we will gradually improve our app and firmware (such as for iphone 9.3).
hi george and rhode, please sign up on our forum, and we will assist you there. thanks!
hi daniel? were they in the same package or two separate packages? this is very intriguing as double and single packages have different postage values, and postage labels for the $35 tier in the us were automatically loaded and printed.
heyo! i paid $35 for 1 smart egg, and i received 2! i guess i'm giving the other one as a gift, but i hope you can make sure the extra egg didn't belong to someone else. my egg works fine so far, but i can't find the app on an iphone 6s running ios 9.3.
i too received my eggs in san antonio. the problem i'm having is that i can't download the app to my iphone 6+.  i've been trying for hours... is it too busy? please advise. george�
got my egg today (i live in new york, usa) - as many have pointed out the device doesn't have a lot of heft to it and feels a bit 'cheap' because of that. personally, i have no qualms with the way the device feels & think that if the manufacturer can make a device using less plastic i'm all for it. the battery door, however, could use a little redesigning. it works fine for me, but i could see how some might not stay shut (the distance between the securing tab and clip on the door is pretty much at the edge, if the two were any closer together the door wouldn't stay put). as for the app & overall use: the pre-set list of remotes/devices isn't very exhaustive, but i was able to add remotes using both smart add (the device tries a number of different commands for a few different functions based on the manufacturer until the command works. based on this the smart egg determines the ir signal that needs to be set for other functions) and by training the smart egg using my remote. everything seemed to work fine, but some commands (specifically volume up/down on my av receiver) worked when i first programmed them, but stopped working later - i re-programmed the commands and hopefully it sticks. also - it would be great if we could add commands to pre-existing remotes (it seems as though the lists of commands aren't completely exhaustive), the ability to re-arrange remotes/scenes would be great & the editing the order of commands for a specific remote isn't very intuitive (the command in the first spot isn't displayed when you select the remote, you have to scroll over 1 place to see it). all in all, works fairly well so far (especially since this is a first run). i'm very happy!
app not working on ios 9.3.1
for after the work of rigister reach the code from after 30 minutes or more , can not be registered . is there any way?
hello, the battery compartment door is of such poor quality, that it cannot hold the batteries in place.  as such, the egg is useless because it cannot stay powered on.  i have tried everything, but the plastic piece simply cannot hold the batteries in place. if others are not having this issue, then i guess i got a defective one.  could you please contact me in order to resolve this?  i tried your website, but it appears to be down.
hello, my two eggs arrived  this morning in south of france. thanks a lot
i received my smartegg today, japan. it works fine. thank you.
hello users, got my two smarts eggs here in california on friday.  just be patient everyone, you'll get your eggs. i am leaving an extensive review of how the eggs is working / suggestions to make the app better at http://bbs.aico.tech/ as suggestion by the developers. also, the indiegogo campaign serves a different purpose than developing hardware, it is for: 1) improve our android app to make it smooth to use across major android devices 2) logistics and supply chain so we can serve smarteggs in the us and global markets 3) enhance data science in our software. so to me things means that it will benefit everyone who currently has an egg because we will get software updates.  so the indiegogo campaign is a good things.
i stay in canada and i have always received nothing
guys, the interface via the app is terrible. beyond unusable. it renders the smart egg useless. how about spending some quality time with the ui and redesigning it from scratch? i simply shelved my smart egg, due to the poor performance if the app. and even worse, when i did use the app, i got a bluetooth prompt from the app every hour, draining my battery.
read the following before making a comment: to those who have not asked and are about to ask regarding shipment, please read our newest update today before you ask the same questions. to best use the comment section, it is great to share constructive tips that are helpful to other backers: such as how to use a particular feature in your own words, how to overcome a difficulty, how you think a particular feature can be done better for your needs, and what you like the most or least about it. for technical support, please email support@aicotech.com or sign up on our forum at http://bbs.aico.tech/#!/ directly, as our technical staff do not have access to answer you directly outside support@aicotech.com or our forum. thank you.
massimiliano, katharina, and mark, we do not ship based on a particular order, and thus backer number does not correlate to timing of shipment. all european orders have been shipped out, and many were shipped last week. in that case, as shipment to europe can take up to a month to arrive at your door, expect to have it in next two or three weeks, and hopefully sooner. thank you.
andreas, thank you, and please keep your faith strong :-).
lakin, orders being shipped doesn't mean it's at your door already. like it will arrive in a few days if you are in the us. if you are in other countries it can take a bit longer due to international couriers and local customs.
xavier, please read our latest update today. we do not send shipment confirmation emails. we are no amazon or ebay to have the luxury to do so, especially during a crowdfunding campaign when all orders need to go in a short period of time. in retail we will be able to provide them.
david, please read our latest update today. all orders for europe, besides those who did not fill out their surveys on time, have been shipped. it can take up to a month during the shipment. likely it will arrive at your door in about two weeks. international shipping is expensive and slow sometimes. we do not provide shipping emails.
i'm so disappointed, i didn't receive any shipping mail and no more eggs... i know france is so far but i hope delivery will come so soon.
i took the survey and receive an email but still no shipment confirmation. any help?
i haven't gotten mine and my name isn't on the list. help, please
nice update and all, but without tracking number, we just have to have a little faith after all.
so disappointed because my lid of the egg is still missing...
dear backers, please read our latest update today. besides 19 backers in the us, backers outside us and mexico who did not fill survey on time, and backers in mexico, due to delayed survey fulfillment from some other backers (without you filling out the surveys we wouldn't know which country an order is from), all orders have been shipped out. it doesn't mean that it has arrived at your door yet. many orders were shipped yesterday and today, and likely you should have it next week. thank you.
same here.  i did not receive the item and it will be nice to have the tracking number.
i'm supposed to receive an early bird in february . it's now april and my name was not in the latest list. can you guys send the egg or refund .
still have no received egg yet and starting to think this might be a bit of a scam
seems to kinda work on lollipop, app doesn't pair at all on marshmallow though.
i received my egg right before easter but the product was missing the battery door. i sent multiple emails with no answer. if this is how customer support will be, i will just throw this $30 easter decoration away.
hi, this is massimiliano salzano. i haven't recieved my smartegg package yet. can you please give me an update on the shipping status. thank you very much
hi, this is katharina buttenberg. i haven't recieved my smartegg package yet. can you please give me an update on the shipping status.
smartegg received, will open and test it over the weekend. thanks guys.
received my twin pack this morning, uk. package was quite damaged but there seemed to be enough padding inside to protect the eggs.   will find out tonight if they work as advertised.
still yet to receive the package.
hello,i am backer #960, please give me the tracking information or a refund,the item isn't arrived,i have wait 3 month!!
i'm backer number 785, in the uk, and haven't received anything yet. i see davrent here is backer 1696, and has received his, so either these aren't being shipped in backer order, or mine has got lost. any clue as to which it is?
to all the moaners, do not forget that we participated in the creation of a new product and that it necessarily must be helped to ripen ! for those who have egg and did not so be patient and forgiving. the team is very responsive despite all repproche they then receive are cool ... use the forum (http://bbs.aico.tech/#!/) that everyone can help each other ;)
i am french and i received my parcel yesterday ! it works but it is true that for the learning of the commands, are sometimes needed about ten tries before it works... after one after noon to adjust everything, it works and i am satisfied. thank you
hello, is there a tracking number to track the shipment. its already a month late.
i live in the us and still haven't gotten mine? have they all been shipped?
@alco  i can easy understand that you have stacked frustration with backers comment. but originally, it has been made by delay from your setting shipping time. as you wrote everything make cost, it can be also said of the time. for you, some of the egg only 2 month delay, but for each backer, 100% their pledge delay. more you stuck frustration and use strong word, more the backer angry and claim .  so you had better make the problem clear. if for you, it will take much cost and time loss to get trucking no., for example, you show what pledge number has shipped and when shipped at update section or your hp with some comment "shipping is not according to the no." etc.  i believe you can know the pledge no you already shipped. i think the backers can guess how many days they must wait for.  i want you to finish shipping smooth, and consent to fix your product firm and app progress. if not, those will bring much claim.  i'm sorry, but i must say your product is far from complete at least now.
luis, please read our recent comments.
@aico tech  do you have a track number?
luis, it should be on your way already.
a month ago i sent my phone number for the international shipping, and did not received my egg yet. i just want a track number.
is there anyway we can track our order?? havent get my egg yet!!
@aico tech thanks that has solved my issue. have enjoyed the egg so far although y phone does get very warm when the app is back-grounded and also causes battery drain. where should bugs be reported? sorry if this has been asked already
@aico tech i concur with @jesper, your continuous communication and regular updates, even past funding, have proven that you are delivering.  that, and of course, the comments from backers saying they have received theirs. i think the main reason you're receiving a lot of comments regarding shipping is that (please correct me if i'm wrong): 1. we have not received much clarity in the projected order of shipments (e.g. are you prioritizing based on backer number, location, etc.), 2. there have not been recent updates particularly on the status of production (maybe informing us what percentage or fraction of them have been manufactured/shipped would help). however, your consistent communication with resolving issues for backers who have received theirs, as well as your consistent reassurance on the reiterated comment of "when will we receive it," has given me enough to believe that this product will soon make it to my home.  maybe the other backers just need a little more reassurance in the above.
i understand the company is trying to support the backers, however the solutions are basically 'check the forum' or some other blanket statement.
mauro, we do not issue refunds post campaign, especially for orders that are already on the way to you. we asked for emails only for international couriers' requests for orders outside the north america instead of for each user to track. you should receive your order once the shipping company passes custom and gets to your door.
i would like to know the process of refund of my contribution, i'm waiting 2 months and nothing, and his answer is not satisfactory to me, with all respect and admiration i have for you, please answer me with a different answer to what always respond .
btw:  "please also give us your email, for updates of more delivery details like package tracking number and estimated arrival date, etc." this was post campaign - have to assume tracking number was in the original plan. again, no transparency on 'why' not now.
" thank you for being so judgmental and arrogant" - nuff said
jesper, thank you so much for your support and understanding! the battery life is supposed to be 12 months plus. it is possible that in iphone 6s for some reason battery drains faster. we will look into that. for other devices so far we did not see irregularity of battery burn rate. ifttt will be possible with further firmware updates through our app. let me know via email or comments if you have any question! thank you.
robert, thank you for being so judgmental and arrogant, just because you "backed 100s of projects". we do not have to explain every "why" you might have. if you want quicker shipping, tracking code, and more custom support, so do we, but then the price will be significantly higher. everything comes at a cost. we are glad that most of our backers do not use inappropriate language as you do. no more comments from you will be responded.
btw: starting on indiegogo with a march ship date before you've fulfilled your orders for your current ks backers - i am sure your current backers will not be happy
wow - are your serious? i suggest you look up the definition of "customer support". your reply is exactly what i was trying to point out. "if you ever worked at an international custom you should understand the complexity..." - that is not the point. are you saying you are better then your backers?  "kickstarter is a serious place for crowdfunding and innovation. " - exactly, hence i have backed 100s of projects and your attitude towards your backers are very questionable.
robert, we have explained many times. if you ever worked at an international custom you should understand the complexity and uncertainty in the clearance process. kickstarter is a serious place for crowdfunding and innovation. inappropriate language do not belong here.
...backers will be more acceptance with delays if you are more transparent about it - instead of telling them to stop complaining. remember they supported you with hard $$$.
been reading the various comments. aico tech - you must understand why people keep asking the same questions "where is our egg?" etc.  this is because the reason given is not good enough.  backers are complaining because it was listed as feb delivery. then there are no tracking numbers or a clear explanation why things are delayed. like many other backers, i've backed many projects and tracking numbers are never an issue. both the updates and comments you've given never explained why no tracking number or why things are shipping late. march: "it will take us a few weeks to finish shipping out all pledged orders, hopefully all within this month." - we are now in april. this was no reasonable explanation why it missed feb delivery, then march delivery etc now you are telling backers "from this point on we will not respond to comments such as tracking number or the exact date of shipping." wtf???
where is my egg ?
hi i have not received my smart egg. when will i get my smart egg? thanks!
even though i haven't received my egg yet i just want to reach out and congrats for you patience responding to all questions. especially the ones repeating it selves over and over again. � looking forward for the product and future updates of the software. hopefully the international regular brands here in sweden will work from the beginning. keep up the good work. given your precense here in the comments field i think it's a good sign of a company trying it's best. we have to keep in mind that this is a kickstarter campaign, hence the low price and somehow a possibility of a beta product. if you want to buy a totally finished product, i suggest best buy. as someone wrote, it would be interesting to hear about possible battery draining. have you somehow tested it, how much battery it will drain when not in active use mode? i am running ios and iphone6s. would it be possible with and ifttt integration in the future (tried to scroll down in the comments field to see if this was mentioned before but the field was filled with "where's my package"-questions.). thanks!
steven, there's a pin at the bottom of the smartegg. find a clipper and poke that pin. it should reset the device.
i received my egg but once connected the light flashes red constantly. is there a way to stop this?
eugene, people are different, and companies are different. if you look at similar products, our pricing is significant more affordable than other products. we would not be able to offer people such affordable pricing if we had to spend more on shipping. while some hoping for the "amazon" kind of shipping, many people appreciate our affordable pricing. this is especially true for international shipping.
i backed in many kickstarters projects with more than 2000 backers. and always have tracking number. why it can't be in this project?
hello aicotech, could you please put more attention into the technical support forum. very little info available there and most of your responses are questions asking for more details. database is very small, training the egg isn't working well neither. feels like we've been fooled with some kind of beta product and not what was advertised. appreciate some efforts from your end now. thanks.
hi avner, thank you for your feedback and support! you can email me directly. for technical support, email support@aicotech.com.
works ok. help me to get much more :) here in israel, many of the appliances are a local brand. that means that i try to use learning mode very often. a very few buttons are learned. mostly on/off is there any way to connect to you & ask? how do i get password for the support secretion on your site?
dear backers, before you comment questions such as "what's my tracking number", "what's the exact date the product will arrive", read our previous comments for the same questions first. from this point on we will not respond to comments such as tracking number or the exact date of shipping. we have been responding to the same questions over and over again. as we have said many times, we have been gradually shipping out orders in the past few weeks and in the coming weeks. if you have not received yet you will receive in the coming weeks. thank you.
justin, we can only ship according to our schedule, which is likely to be around the range you expected, in a few weeks. like i said in my response to you, however, you may only cancel a pledge before the campaign closed. if you simply "don't want it anymore" it is not a valid reason for refund.
justin, it is your responsibility to fulfill a pledge once the campaign closed. your request is against kickstarter policy. no refund will be made.
please give me a refund i do not want this anymore god respond to your messages...
i have not received my smart egg. when can i expect it? backer#123
order shipments sequence are not based on backer number, fyi. we have been gradually shipping out orders. with such a low cost on shipping and such a large number of orders, it is not practical to provide you individual shipping notifications. we can only use inexpensive first class shipment methods, unlike amazon who can afford to provide "prime shipping". thank you.
nice, backer #2311 already received his smartegg, but i´m backer #1256 and didn´t receive anything, no shipment info, nothing perfect communication aico email to support is also not possible, great, really
hi, why i didn't receive still the smartegg?????????????
no updates regarding software at this time. most of concerns regarding software are some backers misunderstanding how the product works, and the forum is where their questions can be answered. regarding shipments, we have been gradually shipping out these few weeks. we will only make an announcement once all products are shipped. until then, if you have not received your product yet it means we are in the process of shipping and custom-clearing it.
looking forward to seeing a formal update regarding the status of overall shipments, technical/software issue resolutions/updates, and any other information we might need in regards to work being done with the smartegg! also, there has been a considerable amount of confusion regarding registration for the support page you created.  has this been resolved as well?
thank you for your support, r norva morin adidarma. we are glad that people like you in the community can help guide other users. we appreciate it.
again, we do not provide tracking code, due to the large amount of orders. don't worry. you will receive in next few weeks if you have not already.
where can i find the tracking code for my shipment?
i had a problem but cs responded very well... my smart egg now run better than i expected... every device run smoothly... please read the instruction before complaining... learning mode also run well... and did you know? when you got phone call while watching tv, its automatically mute it...
not all orders have been sent out yet. don't worry. we are gradually sending the orders out. you will receive them in a few weeks.
to download the app, go to app store and google play, and search for "aico smartegg".
how can i download the app to control the egg?
my iphone 6s does not recognise the egg and unable to pair with it.  do not know how to proceed.  seems to be a total waste of time and money any tips to enable bt pairing
i have not received my smart egg. when can i expect it? backer#1402 . thank you.
help... why i'm always get message that verification failed... and am i got the right code? because dang its super long...
backer #2311 here, singapore. received my egg yesterday. the egg looks as imaged, but the app lacks in terms of its remote control database; and ir self learning is currently not working for me. i'm slightly disappointed with the application here.
hello, i have not received my smart egg. when can i expect it?
hello davrent i m backer n156 in france too. et je n'ai rien reçu non plus :-(
hello, i am the backer n° 1696. i am in france and i still received nothing ?! for those who received it, could you share your n° of backer please ? thank you
there is no response in the support threahttp://bbs.aico.tech/#!/d  despite putting information
the learn mode does not work well, nothing is learned
received mine last week. couldn't be more disappointed. nothing pairs -- app is full of defects and terrible ui.
and ios 9.3
i received my egg today and i followed instructions. i am unable to pair with the app. my bluetooth doesn't see the egg. i have iphone 6s. what's matter ?
don't waste time in anticipation of receiving the smart egg cos its one piece of crap with poor  i received it and nothing works. seeks support and received superficial answers and still not results.  all common household appliances that i have including singtel set top box , lg air con, samsung led tv, toshiba tv product support
today 2 april, and me not receive parcel. please confirm shipped parcel or make refund.
for those of you who have not received your smarteggs, don't worry. as we previously said, it will take a few weeks to ship out all smarteggs, plus clearance with customs etc. if you have not received, we have not shipped out your order yet. due to the large number of orders, without your name and tracking code matching each other on receipts, it is impossible to give you a track code one by one. don't worry. you will receive in the next few weeks.
can i get any shipping information for my smart egg?
i am backer #981 and haven't got anything yet (am in uk). starting to get a bit concerned now
i have not received my reward yet either =(
i just receive it today, i'm in belgium. works great no real problem , just have to go for learning mode and all is ok :  panasonic tv, samsung bluray , bose solo , apple tv 2. the only place where it doesn't work is if you place it behind the tv , but nobody will do that ;)
i haven't receive my reward , somebody can help me?
i didn't receive my egg :( can you help? how do i contact you to check it?
hello i receive my egg but in france i used canal plus with the tv sharp the canal plus is the satellite mode and the remote is run with the special satellite. the egg is not run with this remote it's possible to receive the support with is best regard
goy my egg (s) today. tried one on my panasonic split-type aircon. it works! :)
aico: just a simple question: are you going to expand the supported device list or this is all we got? i wish to continue using the egg but it only supports 1 out of 15 devices in my living room.
backer 2297 no egg received yet(usa). how will one know when product has been sent if no tracking is available?
i also doesnt get the eggs ? who can help?
i don't receive the egg. do you help me?
very poor database of devices. sony tv model not found. (close match was available, but ir-codes do not work.) yamaha av receiver not found. humax stb not found. sony bd not found. cambridge audio dvd/sacd player, brand not found. etc. useless at the moment for me.  back to logitech harmony...
hi adrian, by the way, do not test dropping the smartegg -- it would likely break just like what would happen to an iphone if you drop it :-). the difference is that the chance a smartegg would drop on hard ground is low, unlike a phone you carry around everywhere.
hi adrian, thank you for your comments. the following will answer them well. the significance is that it should also address some other backers' concerns: 1. the product is made of plastic (at least outside), yes. the reason why it appears to be thin is because infrared. if the shell is thick neither the range nor sensitivity of smarteggs would be as good. the design was on purpose. 2. although naming remote in human language is more intuitive, it also causes ambiguity. serial codes are unique. 3. as long as it is a remote that performs what your tv, ac, and other remotes do, you still have to operate it as a remote. with current technologies it is not possible to wave a magic wand or use brainwaves to control. we wish we could. however, the ibeacon feature does bring some simplicity and "magics" to life which no other remote does yet. again, thank you for sharing your feedback. it means a lot to us. we will be improving the products in future versions.
thank you for your support, mark! :-)
hi gred, please email our support your address. the lids will be shipped out soon.
i received my egg but it is missing the bottom lid making it useless. i have called customer service two times to see how i get the bottom lid so i can use my egg but have not got a response. not pleased!
i have had no issues what so ever with my smartegg great bit of kit cant wait to use it more and more
my phone doesn't have texting...so how does one register with their phone number? dumb...use email like everyone else.
so far, i'm a little disappointed. the eggs seems too slow to keep up with my tv-channel-changing habbits. also adding new buttons in the app doesn't work right - they disappear after closing the app. starting the app takes too long. and when i'm not at home and my bluetooth is disabled, somehow the app keeps requesting to switch bluetooth back on, even though i'm not using it. maybe an update will fix some issues, but so far it's doesn't look like a finished project yet.
very disappointed. i have bought and so far it does not work for any remote control. the database file are so outdated even for commonly know brand’s. pure sux don't bother wasting your money
i gave received mine and followed instructions. i am unable to pair with the app. my bluetooth doesn't see the egg!! the app doesn't do anything when you open it!
as a backer from singapore, these are my thoughts > 1. build quality is bad, seems like plastic, i wonder what will happen if i drop it. the battery cover is so flimsy. 2. app was not what i expected. rather than using serial/code names in your database, wouldn't it be easier and better to use names like example samsung series 8 tv remote, instead of example sgh-12144-advc? 3. i initially had high hopes as this project was supposedly designed in singapore. i am sure pretty much everyone else feels that it would come as good as it claims, quality, usability-wise too. it ended up a very sub par tech product in my honest opinion. disclosure : i use the smartegg for a few days and promptly left it as a paperweight. the app seems to be sucking so much battery, even when i exit the app.
got my egg today (usa).  build quality is not as bad as others led me to believe.  it was quite acceptable and seemed durable enough.  app downloaded and paired without issues.  the challenge is there are not a lot of devices out there on the app.  so to that end, can you please add the following:lg bluray md572, denon receiver avr-4310ci, dvr arris vms1100, panasonic tv th-50pz77u?  the learning process worked for some of my items, but not all functions that i use regularly.  with the above remotes, it will be great.
can anyone else not download the app?
got mine in the uk yesterday.
why does this application request my mobile number? i never requested such a  important privacy  information. you should change e-mail address.
i disagree with the "the elegant & simple " when i require an internet connection to login to the application.  please lose the login and the compulsary internet requirement. if it requires that to access the database (that seems woefully limited atm) then it needs to be coded to allow browsing to be optional if and when you need to access the database, and then allow it to download/upload the profiles.
a request to ask technical question on a forum that doesn't offer a link to join is pretty useless.
yes. all your pledged products will be delivered.
then as they ensure that the product is delivered ????
due to large number of orders, we will not provide tracking numbers.
at this moment i haven't a tracking number of my reward !!!!!!
dear backers, 1. for all technical questions, please sign up on our forum at http://bbs.aico.tech/ to discuss directly. that is where we can best assist you, and also where backers with similar difficulties can share the same knowledge --- the most efficient way to get all your questions answered. 2. please do not post in comment section regarding delivery time. all orders are in the process of shipment or have already been shipped. whether your individual order is already shipped or on what day it will be shipped exactly vary. delivery time also depends on international customs. 3. we encourage you to share useful tips regarding how to best-use smartegg, or interesting use cases, or any constructive tips that will help other backers. that is what the comments section is for. thank you. sincerely, team aico
don't get me wrong guys. if your device is in the built-in supported list then likely the egg will function normally. it does not work well if you have to tell egg to learn from an existing remote.
i want a refund.
still not received mine
i'm still waiting for delivery. is there any update for users on when they will be getting their eggs?
haven't received mine but after reading comments, i'm worried about this product now.
why do we have to sign up using our phone number. can you pls kindly do away with that
received mine today in the uk... first impressions... plastic is cheap looking and has imperfections/indentations... it took some time to add my panasonic tv and dvd as the app didn't seem to like my nexus 9... had better luck with nexus 5... overall... quality of the hw and sw is not too good... hopefully the sw will be improve with time...
i have two smart eggs for sale at a discounted price.  no longer have a need for them, never used still in original package.  contact john at jkuzn@hotmail.com
very disappointing product. doesn't learn remotes that aren't in the database and the database is very limited and inconsistent. app for android is poorly designed.
i had mine for days, to be honest i don't think this product is designed for singapore market. as a singapore backer my review on the smartegg as follow: built quality: - nothing to shout about, a bit plasticky but it is functional - runs on aa batteries, 100% wireless user experience: - successfully pair with my sharp ion plasmacluster air-cons, and my new 65" lg 4k tv.  - no preset profiles for my nad m51 dac and c720bee amp. tried to get the egg to manually learn from my remotes but failed. - no preset for apple tv 4. pointless to pair with the egg since the siri remote has a lot to offer than just volume controls. - doesn't recognize any of my alpha ceiling fans. - my egg conflicts with my samsung robot vacuum and my sharp air-con. both my robot vac and the air-con come with its own ir remote. their stock remotes do not interfere with one another but since i connect my air-con to my egg, my robot vac got triggered when the egg turns on my air-con. - like others had mentioned, there is notable lag when using the egg. like my air-con sometimes i have to tap on the app a few times to turn on my air-con. my verdict: decent idea, nice interface but it is not really usable. i stopped using it after 3 days of trial and error. i like the idea of having such universal remote; probably i'll give logitech harmony a try.
i bought 10 and i cant even signed up as the activation sms always come in blank. please fix. and why does we have to keep sign in to use it. its just another layer of hassle and another chance for error and bugs
i chose the early bird backing option and the egg has still not been received. that would be fine if i didn't pay extra for the early bird, but that is just ridiculous. first 1000 orders? yea right.
received my smartegg yesterday and i must say that this product is barely useful. reasons as listed: cons: 1. poor construction, the battery cover does not fit well and hence the egg doesn't always get power unless the cover is placed in an out of alignment position. 2. limited database of remotes 3. the egg does not learn remote signals well. have to constantly press the oem remote until the egg app responds. 4. there is so much lag in the app its not funny.  5. double tapping the scene button does not always trigger the scene.  6. the app hangs (i know this cos there is no sound or vibration during button press) 7. there's way more problems on the device for me to list them down pros: 1. the idea was good. 2. once in a while when it works, its good. all in all the product has a long way to go in terms of development. and with the database, it seems like it was produced for the local market (singapore). if so, at least have a learning function that learns well. if you need more info you can contact me.
received my smartegg but very disappointed unable to paired with my daikin aircon, my kdk fan & minix x8plus box, only able to paired with my lg tv after much try. creator have to work a lot harder for the protocol for devices (e.g only have protocol for minix x5 which is so many generation back versions) and cloning never works with any of my controller. hope creator could contact me asap to get things work. i am backer #2122
hi @creator, received my smart egg today. only managed to pair my starhub remote control. aircon (panasonic) paired but unable to switch it on with the egg. only off. can't pair by dyson fan, singtel remote control nor my crestar fan. anyway to assist?
@angelica keller whats your backer number? i am from pa usa and still have not received it yet ;(
i got mine, same issue with rest. i can smart learn the aircon but all it does is off. it only works during setting up. and my crestar fans remote cannot be learn too. nothing happens. for something coming out of the singapore, i expect the developers should have a better job.
received mine 2 days ago in singapore, will try to pair it tonight. so far pairing the egg with my iphone works fine.
packer #104 finland, have not received my egg yet, how about others?
anyone from the uk received their smartegg yet?
not working.
very impressed, the egg could learn almost any ir devices in my home! there might be a bug in the app though, i've set a timer to turn on my a/c at 11pm but it turned on the a/c at 11am! haha but still loving it!
received my smart egg. working perfectly with my lg tv and daikin aircon.  question, is it possible for the software to turn off stuff when i'm out of range ? second, i'm not too sure about how the thermometer works as it seems to be the same temperature throughout. third, it may be good to separate the eggs somehow on the app if i have more than one for different purposes. i have difficulty determining which egg is which.
sorry, nothing is working. the bluetooth connection somehow not connected at first .. but after a few attempts, it connected. next, paring of ir device - nothing is working. even i tried to get the smartegg to learn, smartegg is not responding at all ... common ir control like mitsubishi stormed air conditional unit, it is not recognising. got quite upset that the smartegg is not so smart after all ... i remembered i bought a logitech universal control many years back, they were so simple and easy to use/learn/connect. quite disappointing that "smartegg" is not so smart after all. still trying to get it learning .... please help (note : i have gotten a firmware update automatically, version 1.1.14(110)).
received my egg today.  how to add daikin air con arc433b47 remote.  how to add xiaomi tv box mini. tks.
received the smartegg today but it is not able to properly connect to any of my devices (mitsubishi aircon, sony tv & mistral fan). can turn on the aircon during pairing and that is about it. nothing else work. aico tech, any suggestion what to do about this? extremely disappointed with this product after anticipating its arrival.
received my egg today too but having some problem connecting ios devices to the egg. any advise on this?
hello. i'm backer 383. do you ship my items? thanks.
works like described !!!!woohoo!!
yup just recieved my egg today!!(singapore)
yay i received my egg today =)    north carolina here. also i have a few questions, how can i connect my bluetooth light bulbs to my egg and my apple tv?
i live in singapore but did not receive the package yet kindly follow up thanks
a few things folks: 1. we know you have not received the products if you live in the us. in order to let people who ask questions regarding the product functionality get their questions answered, please do not use the comment section repeating posting about not receiving yet.  2. shipping can take a week or longer, and the second batch of smarteggs are still on their way, meaning that you might need to wait a few weeks around end of march/early april as we mentioned in previous updates.  3. no tracking numbers will be provided due to the impractical nature with this large number of shipments (if you are in north america).  4. if you have not filled your survey please do it asap. 5. if you received an email asking for email from our corporate email, reply the email directly. 6. thank you for your patience. international shipping and passing customs do take time. cheers.
still have not received again... usa, pa
still have not received pensylvania, usa
i've yet to receive any tracking number and physical smart egg (singapore too).
hi guys at smartegg, thank you guys for keeping on schedule with the deliveries, one of the most timely and most updated projects i've funded. can i please find out if we will get a tracking number or do we wait and get surprised? i see that some of the other fellow singaporean backers have gotten their eggs and was wondering if we could get some details?
do we get a tracking number?
@creator, is it possible to receive a tracking code for my shipment (australia)? i received an email stating you can't ship until i provide a phone number - i replied to it with my phone number but have not heard back since, so not sure what the status is!
in singapore, haven't received until now, have filled in the survey.
michael, it could be a server issue. what type of email host do you use? you can email me directly or message. regarding your previous question, we are investigating, likely a server issue (that limits concurrent email/messages through).
ok, i did the other earlier, thanks.  (i didn't mean to post it 3 times)
daniel, make sure the survey on your pledge page is filled. that's our main source. the other is only a backup.
@aico tech how should we contact you @ support@aicotech.com if every message comes back with "mail delivery failed: returning message to sender"
uh-oh, i just filled in the backer form on hypefolio. i hope i'm on time.
uh-oh, i just filled in the backer form on hypefolio. i hope i'm on time.
uh-oh, i just filled in the backer form on hypefolio. i hope i'm on time.
received in singapore :d
dear backers, last thursday our newest update in ios and google play stores went live (a very important update with both the app and firmware updated) -- as the best practice of making sure you'll have the updated firmware ready to be downloaded with the newest app, we intentionally waited for our apps to be approved by apple and live. due to heavy rains over the weekend, we are shipping out the first 240 smart eggs to our north america customers this week. yes, a week into march, and it's ready and coming. we are impressed by your patience. :-). please also make sure to delete your app (if you have already downloaded before) and download again after you receive your smartegg. our team have been shipping to the rest of world from last week. shipping time depends on your location. it will take us a few weeks to finish shipping out all pledged orders, hopefully all within this month. as some of you notice, due to possible factory testing, your smartegg might have been registered when you receive it. no worries, there's a hole at the bottom of the smartegg, use a pen to poke into it, and the smartegg will be reset. it is easy. please read the users menu carefully, as it will teach you simply but important steps on how to match devices with your smarteggs, and how to use the learning functionality. for technical support, feel free to email support@aicotech.com directly, for sales related questions feel free to email me directly. happy to help! sincerely, michael
received my smart egg yesterday. manage to add in my tv remote and starhub remote. however, i'm having trouble with my aircon and fan remote. for aircon remote, i manage to find the brand but not the model. so i had to use the smart match option for it to try. however the controls only allow controlling the temperature and not the fan speed and mode of the aircon. as for my fan, i'm unable to find the brand and smart egg can't seem to clone my fan remote even when i press every button. please help.
it doesn't hv the full function of the original remote. mainly is for on off.
@ justin k i'm from singapore
@jenny mak @kenneth lai are you guys from usa? if so what state?
i got the egg today it look great, but when i start to connect it always say this egg is other's smart egg and need me login in to assess, so what can i do now???
just received on 8/3
indiana nothing here but i was pretty far down the list. not that it matters but keep in mind not only were we funding the concept and production but this is probably thier first run at supply and shipping. a few minor delays but i'm here for the long haul. pls keep reporting shipments i do like seeing that people are actually getting them. lol
live in germany, got no message or update about shipping or anything else
3/7 cali. no smartegg yet either
still have not received the product... anyone else experiencing this? i live in usa ( pennsylvania ) anyone can relate to me?
staying in singapore..haven't recieved my smartegg until today......
i received an email to provide a phone number for shipping, but when i try to send back my data by mail i always receive a message from the mail delivery service that my mail could not be sent due to "550 ip frequency limited" what should i do?
@ creator (aico) the error with verification process gone away and i finally got into the aico app.  however, when searching the app's database, i found all 3 devices you confirmed me here on 04-jan are not there, why??? i have your words but seems to me now it's a fraud.   if i had known these devices were not covered i definitely wouldn't give my pledge.   i deserve a full refund for it.
@creater, i used my way to make a lid for the egg, but why it said my smart egg was registered? it asked for an account and i vinyls not login, how can it be solve? i guess someone in the factory must be playing around with the egg and register it.
@creator,  hi! i just received my egg, but for some reason the bottom lid was missing :(can you sent me the lid?
@ creator i received my egg yesterday.   having downloaded and installed your aico app today, it required me to signon before i can proceed further.   i followed instructions but encountered error message at getting verification code. i found others had reported the issue here in mid dec-15 already, has the problem still not been fixed yet?  please advise how to get around this.
good grief, how many more times do i have to provide you my bloody phone number? (in response to latest email).
thank you for an actual update on the status of the product, as that is what everyone has been concerned about.  now we backers can roughly see a timeline for batches, and since there's only 693 us backers, and 250 of them are about to be shipped to, those backers can rest assured that the next batch may just cover the remaining 443 us backers altogether, as well as some backers of other regions. so, soon we'll start seeing an influx of comments like "i got my tracking number, backer #xxx," which (assuming @creator is shipping in order of backer#), will help other backers see where they are in the timeline. otherwise, if it's not really according to backer#, at least it will give you an idea of "if i didn't get tracking info in this batch, i should be in the next one!" this is what the comment section is for! sure maybe backers should know not to ask for something like a tracking number here, but it's totally appropriate for us to ask for updates on the batch's production as a whole, as well as the status of the shipping as a whole. this being said, i guess we're all very very excited to get our smarteggs and control all our ir devices in our rooms with ease.  i know i am :) good luck on wrapping everything up and thanks again for the update!
dear folks, everything has been proceeding accordingly as planned. as we mentioned in our previous update with the shipping info survey, due to the unexpected long holidays at our manufacturing sites in china, manufacturing has been slightly delayed. the first 240 smarteggs to our north american customers are already at our us site, ready to be shipped. for the rest of the world smarteggs will be shipped directly from our china sites. the final update in ios app will be live in app store later this week, and the first batch of 240 smarteggs will be shipped after that. the next batch of products will arrive in our office in about 2 weeks and then shipped soon. please do not ask questions regarding shipping address in comment section, as it is very difficult to check each person one by one. the thumb of rule is that if you can find your address on your pledge page, it means it's in the survey already, and we have it. thank you for your cooperation and support.
january 13th, 2016, @aico tech: "6. we will not ship before the chinese new year, but likely we will be able to ship from our manufacture site to our delivery site sometime in february. shipping time depends on the couriers, which we cannot give a 100% definite answer depending on their performance." @aico tech it has been nearly 3 weeks since the previous update, and it is currently the second day in march.  seeing as 50% of the eggs were already manufactured before the chinese new year's conclusion, which was on february 15th or so, you should have had ample time and staff to assemble the remaining eggs and begin (if not already) shipping them.  if circumstances have arisen, that would be necessary to communicate with us within days of said circumstances' inception, not weeks after its resolution.  i would like to be kept in the loop, as i'm sure other backers would too. please respond with a full backer update on the status of production, shipping, and anything else you'd like to include for us.  as you can see, everyone is starting to get anxious regarding the status of the item since you haven't updated us formally in nearly 3 weeks.
i need my egg, when will i be getting it? :)
hey i live in pensylvania when will it be shipped?
@creator when do you plan to ship the egg out
hi, it has shipping forecast for brazil.
i am living in japan. and, backer # 263 of the but, someday will likely reach at hand in time? i am looking forward to it.
is the order delayed or...?i live in sg and its already 27th feb..take your time though,quality over quantity!!!:)
how do i go about cancelling my order?
hi, it would be great, if you could let me know when you will be shipping out the smarteggs.
hi, i'm wondering when will be estimated shipment falls for singapore backers? if it's really soon, then i might get a couple more smartegg.
hi, i'm wondering when will be estimated shipment falls for singapore backers? if it's really soon, then i might get a couple more smartegg.
hi, i'm wondering when will be estimated shipment falls for singapore backers? if it's really soon, then i might get a couple more smartegg.
hi, i'm wondering when will be estimated shipment falls for singapore backers? if it's really soon, then i might get a couple more smartegg.
hi folks, i'm really looking forward receiving my smartegg. was just wondering if you got my survey/shipping address? regards, helmut
hi kenneth, we will try our best :-).
hi emannuel, please message me instead of using kickstarter for non-kickstarter related questions.
hi ajay, please use message feature instead of the public section for any non-kickstarter related questions.
hello, i need a bulk order. want to tie up as a distributor. how do i proceed with that? regards, ajay.
any ideas when you will take more orders?  if this works for what i need, i may need 3 more units. thanks
hopefully receive it before end of march (:
hi ajay, depending on the batch (which is quite random) your smartegg order falls in, within a few weeks it will be shipping out. thank you.
hello, when will you start shipping to india? thanks.
faisal, if you still can't find it please contact kickstarter customer service to guide you. i do not have the same user interface as backers do.
hi daniel, the exact shipping date is not set, as for european addresses each product will be shipping from our china site directly. it will be shipping out later this month, depending on which batch your smartegg falls in.
hi anselmo, i will be shipping out the first batch of 240 smarteggs soon, and you will be among the first ones who receive it. :-)
hi atul, thank you for your suggestion!
hi sung, if you can see your survey filled on your pledge page, then i have it.
i'm hoping we can expect to see a backer update soon after the chinese new year comes to an end.
did you get my survey?
did i read it correctly that the shipping will be delayed for one month? when is the new shipping date?
just an additional idea to add to this product for future if possible - "sleep sense"
i can't find the back id on the pledge page????
hi daniel, country code is meant to be the number when you would call. for example, the us would be +1, uk would be +44. make sure the kickstarter survey form is filled.
the hypefolio survey asks for a "country code." what's that?
thank you for your feedback, deborah! to all backers, make sure the survey form on kickstarter is filled first, as it is our first source. our own form is for backup for customer support and more sophisticated shipping info. thank you for understanding.
regarding the survey form, i'm on a mac, and was unable to fill it out using safari. no data would show up when i typed. however, i think i managed to get it to work using the opera browser, and i did get the thank you pop-up. so mac users having issues, you might need to try a few browsers to get one that works with the form.
hi erik and dhruv (and anyone encountering similar problems), please private message me for any technical issue. there isn't a confirmation email. on a pc browser you normally would see a little pop up window confirming the form was sent, however, as long as you fill the survey form most likely it's fine. our own crm is a double backup. thank you.
hi larry, make sure you fill our survey form first. that is our first source. our own crm is a backup source. backer id is the backer number under your name on the pledge page. thank you.
hi robert, thank you for letting me know. i've double checked, the form works well, so does it for majority of backers (within 12 hours i've already got about 80% shipping data filled). if it doesn't work for you, please private message me for any further discussion by using the messenger feature. just make sure your survey form is actually filled, because that will be the first source i use. our own crm is a backup source. phone number is not part of kickstarter's survey form, as many users have noticed, and it is not customizable. there is a default kickstarter email that comes into our excel, but as we know login emails are not always the best contact emails. thank you.
btw: you may want to double check the kickstarter survey form. i've backed over 100 projects and was always able to provide email/phone when requested.
shipping form is really broken. any alternatives to send the info?
what do you do if you used your "kickstarter id" and not your "backer #" should you fill it out again?? or can it be modified?
form did not work for me.  running on a mac.
@creator hi michael, i filled out the hypefolio form, but not entirely sure if it submitted corrected, as there was no "thank you" message. is there supposed to be some kind of confirmation screen and/or email? i'm on chrome / os x el capitan.
hi nick, although i cannot view the user interface as a backer to tell you by myself directly, a kind backer have tipped me that it is on your pledge page, right under your name. it might say "backer number" instead. thank you!
where do i find my backer id?
hi kevin, thank you for your continued support! we will, definitely :-)
hi vidur, i have just messaged you our product update. thank you!
dear aico tech, thank you for all of the updates - keep up the good work!
hi what updates on the product? when can i expect it to reach me?  thanks
hi blaine deluca, please message me directly regarding any order questions. happy to assist you there.
hi lorie, for any billing question, please consult kickstarter directly. we do not handle kickstarter's billing department.
hi jason fowler, we have clarified multiple times in the comments section during the campaign that there is no point to use the android app without having your smartegg in hands. also, it is crystal clear that it's january now, before the anticipated product delivery time. we cannot take responsibility for a product that hasn't been shipped to you yet. given this context, we thank you for your patience waiting for the product. it's the same nature with anything you would order online. like we said in our update, if you had read carefully, the effects of our features are what ifttt would achieve. we do not say we do exactly the same or cover all features of ifttt. for any technical questions please message me directly.
also, you say you're adding ifttt support to the smart egg - is that going in the app, or the device? i can't see how you could add it to the device if the device doesn't have wifi ...
why doesn't the android app work yet? i am trying to sign up, yet get told there is a verification code error. i've tried with australian numbers and us numbers i have access to, and nothing is working. already makes me regret backing this project.
will there be any confirmation email that my order has been charged to my credit card and dispatched?
any chance i could double my order?
hi all, the form in survey is not customizable  on kickstarter, which does not include phone number or email. for now, please fill out the survey with your shipping address. we will have you email us your phone number and email later if needed, on a case-by-case basis. due to the large volume of messages as well as mismatching between real names, kickstarter names and your contact info, using messages for these info is not efficient and not recommended. it is also impossible to export the contact info in a good order for post office either.
hi all, the form in survey is not customization on kickstarter, which does not include phone number or email. for now, please fill out the survey with your shipping address for now. we will have you email us your phone number and email later if needed. due to the large volume of messages as well as mismatching between real names, kickstarter names and your contact info, using messages for these info is not efficient.
there is no field for email/phone no?
@ creator, your survey form did not include fields for email & phone, please rectify if they are required.
only me and imran who has this issue? where did the rest of you guys leave your phone/e-mail?
yeah, there are no fields for email or phone.
i have just confirmed my address. be aware that there was no field for e-mail or phone. it's  better if you clarify were to write this to avoid being hassled by a lot of comments. :). i think my possibility to do corrections soon expire so you might need to help me out personally.
it would be great if you added support for a home automation system like smart things.  this would allow for control of mini-split systems via remote access and home automated modes.
@creator it is possible delivery before cny
other then timing, can it set weekday or weekend? e.g. i want it to on the aircon when i reach home between 6pm - 10pm on weekdays. but i don't want this on weekends.
thank you guys for taking the worry about the ce certification off my mind and giving us some insights on the time table.
thank you for your honesty and timely response. i had a feeling the chinese new year would definitely affect the shipping/manufacturing timeline you set out.  i'm glad you guys accounted for this, and look forward to an official update/survey soon.
to all our backers with questions, here are a few integrated answers, in order to answer you efficiently: 1. we will follow instructions and advice from kickstarter regarding getting your addresses in next weeks. 2. shipping will be according to kickstarter's standard instructions as well. 3. yes, we will have ce certified before we ship the products. 4. as long as your devices are ir enabled, it should be ok, and they must have ir recognition capability.  5. if you have an address change, please address this specifically and cautious, and so we will note it in particular. 6. we will not ship before the chinese new year, but likely we will be able to ship from our manufacture site to our delivery site sometime in february. shipping time depends on the couriers, which we cannot give a 100% definite answer depending on their performance. 7. for all other inquiries, we follow standard kickstarter instructions and guidance, and so please study them if you have any question at the mean time. thank you all for your support!
hey, when you will send question about our address?
yes it has, it charged when the project was funded
has the credit charged already?
how do they send this to our house if you are a pledger?
good point with the ce certification but since the allowed to send it to europe i guess it's included (furthermore i hope :) )
i just came to realise there is some important thing to ask, did you get a ce certification for the smartegg or will do so until delivery? otherwise european customers could get into trouble with the customs due the missing ce certificate (it needs to be included with the shipment) since bluetooth products without it are not allowed. had that trouble with a miband from xaomai (i was asked if i want to send it back or have it destroyed, they are harsh), and it just came up in the news for another kickstarter project (it's was flic, a smart bluetooth button). since that i really wish to prevent such trouble.
how do you program unknown devices? i have some ir controlled led strips, will these work?
i'm moving mid february. could you please send me just a bit later (early march) in my new home (how do i send you my new postal adress ?) ?
i don't know about anyone else, but i really like the fast shipping. it is really nice for an excellent product. i know some companies that after funded, it took more than a year to be shipped. thanks.
@aico tech regarding your estimations on production/delivery, i see you have estimations for production in february.  will you include more detailed information in your next update regarding your communication with the manufacturers in china and how assured you are that they will be able to deliver the product to you before the start of the chinese new year (i believe it starts in the beginning of february on the 8th)? if all were to be done before that day, then i would assume they would all be shipped out from the country also before then. i understand you don't technically receive funds until about 12-14 days or so, but does that mean that as soon as you do receive the funds you will begin the production to meet your intended deadline of february?
刘文生 delivery estimated after production finishes in february.  read comments below, there are answers to your questions. they are going to send us a survey for specific address entry.
when the delivery? do you want me detailed shipping address? how to give you the detailed address? 837580188 @qq.com
congratulations!! looking forward to this in a big way
hi othmane, we'll follow up with you after the campaign is over. there are over 2000 backers with you. thank you.
hi john, you are welcome.
@creator where do we fill out the address??
thank you
hi john, like we said, if your device recognizes ir signals, it is supported by us. we will not release the default list for now, and it is not important because even if it's not in our list you can always manually key in the numbers from the app.
my issue is still whether or not it can support my devices and the list is in the app right? no where else?
hi victor, we will ship our products from our manufacture site in china in february. thank you for your support.
hi truong, as for now we do not open api. we might consider in the future.
hi john, the android app will be ready by the time when we ship our products in february. the app is only useful when you have smarteggs in hands. without smartegg you cannot do anything with the app anyway, and so no worries. thank you for your support.
could we have an update on the manufacturing process? as i notice your timeline only goes till sept 2015, and the expected delivery should be by end feb. i expect that the entire process has been worked out and we are unlikely to experience any delays?
do you plan to open some kind of apis? so we can do more with the product.
there were a lot of comments to browse thru and skimmed using the keyword "app" and i did not see this addressed, sorry if it was. i downloaded the app, and it was still not in english. i clicked a random button and it took me to a registration screen to get a verification code, and it keeps saying there is a "verification code error" after i enter all my info. i want to back this, but i want to see a list of whats supported, cuz that will be a big factor in whether i stay or not. thanks!
hi fernando, yes you will need to fill out the address soon. once we have your address we'll be able to arrange shipping.
hi anselmo, thank you so much for your support! we couldn't have made it without you :-)
hi trey, as long as amazon echo has a regular remote with ir sensor than yes. thank you for your support!
hi othmane, if you have not filled out your address etc you will need to do so soon. other than that, we'll be shipping from our manufacture site in late february. thank you for your support!
hi sivaraman, switching controls between phones takes like 3 seconds. she would need to do it from her side to release control first. however, in most family scenario, you could be using the same phone. taking phones in and out of pockets isn't as convenient as leaving the phone on table just like what you would do with a remote. the difference is that instead of having multiple remotes you only need one now. :-). thank you for your support.
hi graham, creative thoughts! smarteggs can only communicate with the phone, but not with each other. if we ever add that feature it would possibly be done by firmware upgrade. however, here's what's exciting. you wouldn't need to switch bluetooth in some scenarios. this is exactly what our smarttimer feature is for! if you schedule to set it up ahead of time for each device, in your scenario, you wouldn't need to switch control back and forth. thank you for your support!
hi luke, exactly. that's exactly what smartegg can do. it is ir based, and our smarttimer and near-field-control feature should satisfy you needs. thank you for your support.
@fernando rodriquez briseño in my experience, the creator will send out a survey regarding shipping address as well as any other stretch-goal choices (i.e. if we were still able to choose between white and black, that choice would be in the survey)
hey im new here, how do you know where to send? i did not fill a request of my address. or what the next step.
congratulations on reaching your 100k stretch!
would this ever be able to work with the amazon echo?
hey guys, it is the first time ever i back a project or pay something online for that matter haha would someone kindly tell me what's supposed to happen next? are we receiving a survey to fill out our details or what?
lets say in my house, 3 of us are having our smartphones with smart egg. how easy is it for each of us to pair with smart egg? should we ask the 1st one manually to unpair for the second one to pair?  because now, i may want to change channels in my tv. 5 mins later i may get a phone call and go to my balcony to speak on the phone. my wife may come in to watch tv. will she be able to control it from her phone? and how do we pair our phone? is there a video demo?
as it is only possible to connect one device to one phone at any one time, but can pair multiple device to one phone and switch to individual device. i was thinking if it would be possible to link multiple egg devices to each other creating a network ?, this way you could send signal to say you tv in living room from you phone and then without switching devices in bluetooth control panel to control you air conditioning in your bedroom which of course is in a different room. could this be achieved with firmware upgrade ?. i have placed order for multiple device and it would be create if you could pair devices together to share signals with each other.
hi aico team, would this be able to work with ir light switches so i could set it to turn on a light when i walk in the room between a certain time?.
hi jesper, for us based customers we will be shipping from our us office once we receive the order from our manufacturer in china. for europe, most likely we will directly ship from china to each individuals. in either direction, our manufacturer will ship orders from china in mid to late february. the time period between china to europe (in your case) depends on the courier, which we cannot control, but should be standard. thank you for your support!
hi phoebe, most likely, if your remote can do it, smartegg can do it also. you are very welcome!
@alco team thanks for your confirmation about the 3 devices are already included in your database. one last question, may i know if all functions of corresponding remote controller of your supported devices list (database) will be covered in the alco app or only some key functions, like power on/off, volume up/down, channel previous/next, etc. thanks again!
hi aico team, thanks for sharing about the progress, everything seems very good so far. also a big shout out to your polite manner and p quick replies here in the comments field, very professional. and good luck on ces! as a follow up to the last question here, i tried find the answer myself, what about the estimated delivery time for non us residents? you wrote that you will start sending domestic in the middle of february. i understand that you cannot give exact arrival date, depending on customs and mail efficiency. but it would be great to have a time line about how long from arrival from your manufacturer to you office until you will be shipping internationally (living in sweden). best regards jesper.
hi david, our manufacture team will be shipping products in bulk to our us office in mid february. once the package passes custom we'll be sending the products to each domestic backer soon after that, depending on a few external factors such as how soon custom processes, and local couriers. we are excited to see you excited as well. thank you for your support. michael
hey aico! how are you guys feeling about our february ship date? still on target? very excited to receive my unit!
hi phoebe, we checked the list, and all three devices you mentioned are in our list. as far as products made by us, we can be sure that they will function. we cannot comment on or explain "malfunction remote controllers" made by other companies. that's another reason to choose us :-). thank you.
hi phoebe, thank you for your persistence. as we said previously, in order to give other fans the chances to be heard, we ask you to message us privately for any more questions instead of using the comments section for personal concerns. we'll be happy to further assist you there. thank you for your co-operation.
@ alco team do not hear from your team since my comment made on 26-dec.  also, your last update on 28-dec about the learning capability of smartegg couldn't resolve my concerns told you earlier about some malfunction remote controllers. if still can't let us to access the database to find out if our devices are in-list, at least could you check for me if you database contains codes for the following devices.   thanks! 1) aiwa c148 color crt tv 2) sony bravia klv-v40a10 lcd tv 3) onkyo r-801a tuner amplipier
hi olaf, you would only need key in the infrared code (which can be found on your remote or your device) via the mobile app. no need to program, get into firmware or api at all. it takes like a minute or probably less time. even grannies will feel easy. you'll enjoy. :-)
hello guys. really looking forward to when i get my smartegg. i have one question thou. if a product isn't in the database and i have to add it manually, will i be able to program the controller for that device on my own iphone and then send it to the other people in my house? or do i need to program it on all iphones in the household? and by the way, great work.
hi lorie, thank you for your support. we are excited to have you! multiple smart phones can connect to the same egg, but not simultaneously (nor does it make sense to have two phones send interfering instructions to the same egg at the same time). you and your partner's phones can be synched -- and easy way to do that is to just use the same account on both your phones :-).
im an official backer! woohoo! so excited about this product!! ive not read clearly yet if multiple smartphones can connect to the same egg? i presume so, & may have missed that info somewhere, but would like to know.... ie, my phone & also my partners phone can be connected & synced at all times?
hi aaron, one phone can be simultaneously paired with one smartegg, which means you can view status of one smartegg and its connected devices at the same time. with that said, you can certainly pair with other smarteggs with the same phone, but not at the same time. for more questions, please message me directly. thank you for your support. team aico
hi, just kinda felt that my questions hasn't been answered completely. i was asking if one phone can be paired with many smarteggs at different locations. and whether or not the status of individual appliances on the different smart eggs can viewed easily on one phone. cheers. great project though! --- creator aico tech about 17 hours ago hi aaron, one phone can simultaneously be paired with one smartegg. yes, you will be able to see the status of appliances from the app as long as your appliances have functionality that sends out these data via infrared.
thank you for your encouragement, doug! yes, the app is made in house by our engineers. we try our best.
i watched your video. interesting product. did you write the app yourself? i like the way you integrated proximity controller system so you would be able to keep track of purses, etc whenever you take the device with you - that is pretty cool - good job guys.
hi joey, thank you so much for your support!
hi sivaraman, smarteggs can only send infrared signals. if you design a device that reads infrared and converts into rf, then i believe it would work.
hi aaron, one phone can simultaneously be paired with one smartegg. yes, you will be able to see the status of appliances from the app as long as your appliances have functionality that sends out these data via infrared.
can one phone be paired with multiple smart eggs? also, will we be able to see the status (e.g. on or off) of appliances from the app?
just came across this, what a beautiful and efficient product, backed and cannot wait for my egg!
hi carl, i am planning to automate switches for lights and appliances in my house using rf transcievers. can i control these appliances and switches via rf?
hi carl, with our app you may already set controls in sequence among devices. what you do need to make sure is that your devices can be controlled by infrared signals (like how regular remote works). the max time lapse between two actions is 100 seconds.  thank you for your support! michael
hi ben, it's our pleasure. thank you for your support and encouragement! :-) sincerely, michael
hi guys, i'm not entirely sure how it will work but is there any chance that i can program the device to turn on my amplifier, digital tv box and tv in a sequence instead of all at the same time? br, carl
wow, some people are very demanding! well done @aico tech for being so patient and polite in answering all the questions and comments posted here (including all the multiple repeats!) in a professional and courteous manner :-)
hi anselmo, thank you for your support! and yes, the products are already in production line and will be shipping in february 2016. we appreciate your backing.
hi pranay, thank you for your support! we look forward to thriving with you.
hi joel, thank you for sharing your opinion. no wifi will be offered, and this is a done decision. the hardware are already in production line. for more discussions please message me directly. let's not use comments section as a discussion board. each smartegg can pair with up to about 100 devices at any point of time. thank you for your support!
@creator how many devices can the smartegg pair with at any one time?
i'm with @mattijs on wi-fi being easier to use naturally (i personally, have bt disabled on my ios-based devices >99% of the time) even with losing proximity info. the zengge wifi smart bulbs (http://blog.viktorstanchev.com/2015/12/20/the-many-attacks-on-zengge-wifi-lightbulbs/) is a good example of smart device wifi security done badly. as a ukgov infosec and eud consultant, security is at the forefront of my mind too, however as a consumer ;-) i'd like to see the next generation support wifi, without hard coded passwords, and probably without over-internet controls.
thanks for the reply aico team.
i am pleased to say i am actually positive about this campaign more than the other few i have back between here and indiegogo.  just backed it due to a quick response to a very important question (whether the internal led can be turned off due to sleep sensitivity) and i'm happy to share about it. this will definitely improve my way of life - with 4 bedroom-bound ir devices that could really use some automation.  the campaign shows a ready-to-go piece of art and you've stated that the manufacturing facilities are ready to take on the production in a timely manner according to your expectations.  looking forward to seeing your dedication past funding and getting the smartegg, even possibly before another product that i helped to fund in may2015, which is still ongoing... best of luck!
hi mattijs, for more questions please message me privately. i'm an engineer with experience in physical layer security, network security as well as software platform security. i am speaking from years of experience as well as collective intelligence of my team. if you are interested in any productive technical discussion with me feel free to reach out to me. thank you again for your support.
you seem quite paranoid. even in the 1/100,000 chance of being hacked, what is the worst that could possibly happen? ohh no! don't turn my tv off and on :'( plus you do realise that bluetooth can also be hacked (much easier than wifi i'll add too), but as you wish, you seem to "know it all"
also notice that the range of bluetooth is about 50 meters (150 ft), which should cover most of homes. with our scheduling ifttt features, users can achieve much of what wifi is for remotely as long as they set up timers ahead of time.
hi mattijs, thank you for your suggetions, but no wifi will be provided for the current version. we've seen all kinds of wifi security issues from major tech companies. security is a higher priority to us and many users than the necessity of wifi. notice that as long as it is called "encryption" there are always ways hacker can crack into it. you can do some research in computer and network security theories (or i can recommend you a few books in case if you are interested.)
a stretch goal for wifi? (so that as i'm coming home i can set my air conditioner to the right temperature and even open the garage door with my phone?) don't use the excuse of "ohh wifi isn't safe / security reasons". that's really pathetic, as wifi is extremely safe if you know what you're doing. you could assign a unique id to the egg/phone and make it so a phone must first be verified to control the egg and if that's somehow not safe enough how about you encrypt it all with end to end encryption too?
hi pranay, i'm happy to talk, but i didn't see a message from you. message me again.
sir i have been messaging privately continously for dealership..but no reply..could u plz help
compre un smart egg , como hago para comprar 2 más. cordial saludo
hi murat, unfortunately wifi and ir are two completely different technologies. however, ir is a lot less vulnerable than wifi control.
hi tan wei, we will take rf into our future consideration. yes, firmware upgrades will be available via our app! :-).
hi, i like the concept of this product. nevertheless i have a question: the philips living colour does not use infrared(only wireless). is there any possible way to translate this signal to infrared? (a bridge for the router, something like this). thanks
hi, please consider rf controls for future hardware revision. also, will the egg support firmware updates that might add additional functionality? thanks.
@ alco team i think i have made my request very clear, i just want to check my devices are on the device list.  you may send private message to advise me how can i do it.
hi phoebe, as i said previously, please private message me for any more question, in order to give other fans more chances to be heard.
hi pranay, please read my previous reply. we do not encourage the use of app prior to receiving your smartegg.
@ alco team any update for us on the devices list?
is the problem of language and authentication code in your app solved?
hi william, no, smartegg communicates with devices (other than your phone) by infrared signals. it uses bluetooth to connect with your phone. thank you for your support!
does smart egg send out rf signal?
@alco tech i pledged your smartegg because you claimed that it is backed by a cloud database which already contains over 5500 remote controllers.   i need to know if my devices are already in your list as some of my controllers are not fully functional (due to malfunction keys or missing controllers). i don't want to go through the cumbersome process to learn every of my ir controllers as i had bad experience with a few similar products which they claimed they had the codes for "all" devices but in fact they had not.
hi indra, there are many advantage of smarteggs over zenno. to name a few: 1. smartegg needs no ac power. each pair of batteries can last about a year. 2. smartegg has learning capability to fit all infrared devices. 3. smartegg has smart timer feature. 4. smartegg has ibeacon near-field-control. 5. smarteggs can be shipping 6 months sooner, in february. 6. smarteggs are more than 50% less expensive ($35/$40 vs. $99) than zenno. for all reasons above, smartegg is a better choice. thank you for your support.
hi phoebe, any infrared devices can be controlled by smarteggs. if you have an infrared controlled device, it is in the list. for more questions, please message me.
whats the difference with smart egg and zenno ?hhttps://www.kickstarter.com/projects/zenno/zenno-smart-control-for-your-old-or-new-home-elect
@creator as said, i only wanted to know if my home devices are in your list.  why don't you just let us have accessed to it via the app to confirm.   you can share us the existing list via our means if the app won't ready yet outside of us.  i don't need any 'surprise' but assurance. this is what you mentioned in your faq: 'download for free, login, and then click on "+remote" at the top left corner of the screen. you'll then be able to find devices categorized such as "tv", "aircon", "dvd" in each category. go to ios or android app store today to download our app.' :-(
hi nick, the answer to your question is positive. thank you for your support!
will the app have the ability to set macros for tv remote? example, i currently use an app on android that turns my tv on at assigned time in the morning and changes to a channel plus increasing the volume. only issue is that i have to have the phone aimed at the tv when i sleep for ir to work.
for those who request for a open api of smart egg, we have 2 kinds of apis to offer, one api for the control of smartegg hardware via bluetooth, the other for the cloud db access via internet. both apis are now private for security purposes. plus, we already provide rich functions and settings in the app. advanced user will find these would likely be adequate to fit their home automation needs.  thank you for your support.
hi michael and all inquirers regarding ifttt: smarteggs will support some of ifttt features in the first version. smarteggs include temp sensor, bluetooth, and beacon. for instance, you can set a mode so that when you walk into your bedroom between 9pm and 11pm the sleeping mode of the smartegg will be on within 20 feet. parameters such as time, range, sensitivity, order etc all can be custom defined by users. it is a typical ifttt feature. for another instance, users may set the smarteggs so that temperature will automatically be maintained between 68 to 72 f, between 9am and 9pm. when room temperature is below 68. this is also an ifttt feature. within our capability now, we can achieve most of ifttt features based on built-in sensors. we have not gone as far as working with 3rd party ifttt sensors. warning: with or without ifttt, smarteggs can only control devices that are controlled by infrared signals. thank you for your all your support! sincerely, team aico
hi heron, i like windows phones, and so we will take serious consideration for future versions. thank you for your support!
hi andreas, any infrared controlled devices can be used. even if the product is not in the list you can always manually key in the infrared codes to enable the device. thus, no worries. thank you for your support.
hi phoebe, as there's no smartegg in your hand to connect with the app now, the app would have no direct use anyway. some engineers also like to keep the surprises for a bit till you receive your smartegg in february. if you live in the us and use an iphone now, the app registration should be fine.
hi jei, we will ship the products in february. you can expect to receive shortly after. the device can pair with any infrared controlled devices. even if the product is not in the list you can always manually key in the codes. thank you.
@creator please integrate ifttt into app
## urgent## refer to your 1st faq, we can download the aico to check if our devices are in the list.  why can't we use the app now per comments from others that the list is no longer existed or no id to access the app?
i hope it is released software for windows phone.. :d
ios updated (ver1.1.11) is asking for egg, making it impossible to see the list of compatible remote. (no egg at this time right ?) i need to see the list. as far as i can remember, ver1.1.10 can do this. any chance to making it back, or compile me the list?
hi please reply my following query. 1. ordered from singapore. when would i be able to receive the egg?  2. would the device be able to pair with fan brands. for eg, kdk 3. would the device be able to work with lighing systems for eg, philips easy scene & living lights?  thank you.
@ creator in fact, i wanted to check if my electronic appliances are covered in the aico app.   please share a temp id for use if the verfication code issue cannot be fixed shortly.  thanks!
i agree that a windows app would be good. i use a surface pro and it would be great to have control from it. microsoft actually makes it very easy to convert app/play store apps to windows store.
i really think you should consider again api app for windows pc as this would increase your sales vastly. looking through the comments and my own this is a request by many. it would then increase usability in more situations. something simple if not just be able to send url requests for scenes. i still have my order for four units eager to get started using with my mios home automation.
hi neil, what goals are you suggesting? thank you for your support. as the hardware is already in product line, and many smarteggs have already been produced, we cannot change hardware for the first version. however, we will consider possible software functionality upgrades in our aico app.
the apple watch support stretch goal is probably good news for a very small minority of your backers! wouldn't it more appropriate to have stretch goals that reward the majority of the people supporting you?
hi kong, the app will be fully ready before we ship the products in february. there isn't really much (if any) you can do with the app without having smartegg. thus we do not recommend messing with the app before receiving the product. thank you for your support!
@ creator 1) when will you fix the verification code issue of your aico app? 2) can you share a temp id for testing the aico app before you'll fix (1)?
hi steven, the arrival date will vary due to shipping methods. shipping is available in february.
you said you will be shipping to us backers in february, what about us lucky enough (lol) to live in the uk?
hi kathy, free shipping to the us, china, singapore, and japan.
is there free shipping?
what about warranty and support?
why do i have to register it with my phone number? why can i make a username?
@creator i downloaded and installed yr andriod app on my phone already, but had encountered error with the generation of a verification code.   as i just want to take a quick look of the app only, could you offer a test account for trial purpose?  thanks!
hi jo, search "aicolink" in the app store. thank you for your support!
hi phyllis, we will take that into consideration. thank you for your support!
where is the app on apple store?:)
now that you can't produce black eggs - are you going to make fun scents for the stretch goal?
joel and ried, our engineers will resolve the issues asap. english version will be provided. thank you for your support.
i have tried your aico app and have a few issues: are you going to provide an english version? i can not get a verification code to sign up.
i installed the aico app but its doesnt show english language and when i try to put my phone number (india) is doesnt accept. guide please
hi kong, for now the app  is already publicly live, listed under the name aico: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details…. thank you for your support!
hi yu-liang, the range of smart egg is nearly 360 degrees. however, if there's anything that blocks the ir signal between smartegg and your device in a straight line, we cannnot overcome that constraint just like we cannot make light go around an object. thank you for your support!
hi michael, we will take your suggestions into consideration! thank you for your support.
@ creator i can't find the smartegg app at google play, where will it become available for downloading? if the app existed alfready, can you share a testing account for trial purpose.  thanks!
i plan to set the egg on top of my tv shelf to cotrol tv, cable box and sound bar. but my bd player is in the lower level of the shelf. i think it's not possible for ir signal to reach that position. do you have any solution to extend the coverage area of the egg? one way i have in mind is to add an output on the egg to connect an ir emitter or ir blaster.
i know stretch are quite common in kickstarter which sometimes can lead in manufacture delays but would you consider stretch goals involving the app or future firmware for the egg?  i know a lot of are interested in home devices which continue to integrate every aspect of home living.  i really think ifttt and possibly a future device that connects with multiple eggs in your home and connects to home wifi, similar to how the phillips hue operates.  the hue bulbs connect to a hub which in turn connects to home wifi network.   i really think this is what would make this product fly off the shelves.
hi jamie, thank you for your kind wishes. we will consider api in future versions.
no api or external command interface means i'm out. good luck guys.
sir i have mailed on sales id.
hi pranay, please message me privately. thank you for your support.
hi grapham, for now smartegg can only be controlled by an iphone or android app. if you find an emulator that can run android apps on a computer, that should work. thank you for your support.
hello aico team. i would like to take dealership for your product.could you please guide?  thank you  regards pranay parab
i am a great fan off home automation and have my complete house connected using z-wave devices. i would like to know if it would be possible to send commands to egg from bluetooth enabled pc instead of phone to activate macros ?. my idea is say when i play a movie to switch lights off/on using z-wave commands and add a bluetooth command to turn on tv and blue-ray using a command sent from pc over bluetooth, will this be possible ?. i have ordered 4 units for several rooms so i hope this is a possibility.
hi pratik, no, as far as what i can tell. if you have any question regarding charges please contact kickstarter directly. thank you for your support.
hi john, as long as the fan has an infrared control sensor it should be fine. even if the item is not in the list you can always manually add it to the smartegg. thank you for your support.
@john chao not always the case, some campaigns will reserve funds before it is over. smart egg is my only campaign not collected yet, the amount matches exactly what i pledged for smart egg, im just trying to verify that the charge from them is showing up as "kicstarter rgb" before i go and dispute the charge with my credit card company.
@pratik should not collect now, it should be collect at the end of campaign. maybe that's your other pledge project...
just verifying, did you guys collect the pledge amounts already? i have a charge to my credit card for "kickstarter rgb" in the same amount that my pledge for the smart egg is.
just check your new version of app, could you add dyson fan control?
hi michael, yes, just let me know how many you want in black and how many you want in white :-).  sincerely, michael
i prefer the white.
@creator can we order both colors?
hi michael, again, good question! differences will be minimal. black is in fact the easiest to make. if you look at the ir remote market, we are the only one that offers a white ir sensor cover. thank you for your continued support! --- michael
if it comes in black, how much difference is there for both bluetooth and ir effective range?
hi raymos, the products are ready for packaging. i have a done product sitting right in front of me right now. that is the progress. thus the estimated delivery time is completely realistic. we hope that you will order enough smarteggs (tons of them) to make our manufacture sweat. thank you for your support. :-) sincerely, michael
@creator - what is the progress to manufacturing? the delivery of feb '16 will be delayed with all the r&d and add-on features? seems to me the feb '16 estimate delivery is unrealistic.
hi oscar, good question! no new color is available at this time due to infrared requirements. if we add additional color, it would be at the cost of control range and sensitivity. additional features will be updated in future versions through our app (and possibly firmware). as for now, what we stand out from all existing similar products are: 1. near-field-control (beacon); 2. combined scene; 3. a better interface on phone.
hello, i was wondering if there will be any stretch goals for new colours, additional features etc.
hi ementalo, good question! there are many advantages we have over one4all. to name a few: 1. we have multi-device combination scene setup --- so you can set up multiple devices controls controlled by one-click 2. near field control -- so you can control devices by walking closer/away from the egg under certain situation such as time, temperature etc without having to touching the phone 3. a patented seamless user interface -- our interface is a lot slicker! 4. hardware design -- we have a patented exterior design that looks a lot less boring. thank you for your support! sincerely, michael
hi izzy, 12 month battery for normal aa batteries. whether batteries are rechargeable it is up to the users, depending on what batteries they want to use. smarteggs do come with 2 aa batteries. if you do decide to use rechargeable batteries how long it will last depends on what batteries you use, because rechargeable battery lifetime varies. for more questions please message me. thank you for your support.
what are the differences between the egg and the one4all smart zapper http://www.oneforall.co.uk/urc-8810-smart-zapper.html ?
@creator - so to my earlier question, you mentioned 12-month battery life, is it not rechargeable? or do you mean a single charge can last up to 12-months?
hi jared, yes. in order to give other audience the space to speak, for more questions please message me directly. thank you for your support.
security reasons?
hi jared, thank you for your interests of learning. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ifttt .  no, the device does not use wifi, for security reasons.
@creater did you miss my question?
hi michael, another good question! it will likely be just software application change, and might be some firmware update. thank you for your support. --- michael
if ifttt would be introduced, would it be a firmware update or hardware?
hi men-ching, we will keep ifttt in our mind for our future version :-). thank you for your support! --- michael.
@creator - you said batter life is about 12 months - is that for a single charge?
what is ifttt? does the egg have wifi capability?
ifttt support is a make or break for me..
hi imran, the battery life is about 12 months. thank you for your support! -- michael
hi joel -- the range of infrared arc from smartegg is 360 degree, and thus angle should not be an worry as long as nothing between blocks the sight between tv and smartegg. thank you for your support! -- michael
hi jauvane, correct -- any device that recognizes infrared signals. thank you for your support! -- michael
hi kenneth, thank you so much for your support! -- michael
what is the battery life?
@creator  infra red requires line of sight. this means tha the egg would have to be in a position central in the room if you needed to control multiple devices around a room this is not a problem in most rooms with a table or desk. however what i am concerned about is that if i wanted to use it for both a television and aircon then the aircon might be high up near the roof (such as reverse cycles are) and the television closer to the ground. a television then requires you to hold your remote approximately 0 degrees tot eh horizontal, whereas a reverse cycle might require you to hold the remote 30-60 degrees to the horizontal depending on how close you are to the wall it is on. while i presume the infra red has a 360 degree arc around it, i am wondering what angle upward and downwards does the infra red reach?
just a quick question: from what i understood smartegg controls devices all around it, right? i.e. it may control an air conditioning in the back of the room as well as a tv set in front of it. is that correct?
good luck fella singaporeans!! always love to back a great kickstarter project especially one close to home
hi michael, good question, any lights that have infrared sensors can work with this device. thank you for your support!
hi tatsuya, it can control more than one devices simultaneous in scenes. when you manually send an instruction, it may send 1 signal to 1 device simultaneously. you will need your phone within 50m from the smartegg for the alarm to function. in order to give other audience the space to speak, for more questions please message me directly.  thank you for your support.
thank you for your kindly reply. but, your reply about 2 egg alarm seemed not to be same as previous your comment about 2 egg controllability. in previous your comment, 1 iphone can pair and control to 1 egg only. but, in latest your comment, 1 iphone can control to 2 egg, egg a in bedroom and egg b in kitchen. why? once we set up algae to egg b at 7:30, can be this alarm workable at 7:30 without iphone, stand alone?
what kind of lights can work with this?
hi tatsuya: 1) this setup can be done in 2 ways, depends on your home condition and your personal habit. the simple way is to have 2 timer setup in 2 eggs, egg a in the bedroom do the morning alarm things like tvs, lights etc, at fixed 7am, and 2nd egg b will do the breakfast things in the kitchen also in a fixed time say 7:30am. 2) all the data in egg is preserved even the power is gone. plus we have a cloud base database that keeps your remote data in case you change or upgrade the phone. regarding remote code: - many devices under same brand share the remote for the different models. so sony bdz-atxxx may be controlled also by the remote of sony bdp-bcxxxx - we have many remotes in the database is not tagged by a specific model name, but they can be download through smart match function by providing the brand name - in the event, your devices is not listed or matched by our program, you can always use the ir learning to copy the current remotes into the egg - we have in-app feedback function that user can report missing remotes, so we will prioritize add those remote into database thank you for your suggestions.
sorry to add several question at many times. i found app for egg in itunes and try it. unfortunately, i could not find my blu-ray and tv remote code in your library...  sony blu-ray player, bdp-cx7000es (usa model)  sony blu-ray recorder, bdz-at970t (japan model)  sony av amp, str-da5700es (usa model) it seems to current code library that there exist only many asia models near by you as singapore. at least, i suggest that supporting "bdz" as blu-ray recorder in japan and "es" as sony high quality equipment series which find favor with us customer are helpful to get pledge for this project from japan and us. btw, egg can be learned remote code if i can not find my model. in this case, can egg user share other persons code? for example. after i add remote code for sony blu-ray player, bdp-cx7000es to my egg, other persons can find "bdp-cx7000es" remote code in latest egg library.  if above action can be done, it is one of solution to expand egg library. do you already add similar idea to egg? other suggestion.... please add more detail in kickstarter campaign page. some information can not find in kickstarter campaign page even i study from you though this comment page or your website directly. if you add more suitable campaign information which you already add in this comment and your website, it will be accelerated to get more pledge, i think.
hi aico, thanks for reply. based on your reply, 2 additional questions were following. [1] you wrote "if i want to control other egg, it is necessary to switch from one smartegg to the other". can be this switching flow set up in one combined automatic action flow? for example, at 6:00 as alarm time, egg in bedroom turn on speaker and room lamp, after then disconnected bedroom egg and connected living room egg, after then egg in living room turn on air conditioner. if above action flow can be done automatically, i will rise my pledge to two egg. [2] when 2aa is replaced, is egg setting up data reset?
and tasuya, great suggestion! we will definitely take ifttt into our consideration seriously in the future. thank you for your support! --- michael
hi samir, one smartegg can only be controlled by one phone at the same time. however, it is easy to disconnect one phone with the smartegg to enable the other phone. thank you for your support! --- michael
hi tatsuya, wow, wonderful questions! 1) one phone can control one smartegg simultaneously. however, it takes less 2 seconds to switch control from one smartegg to the other, and thus in most of cases it should be fine. 2) one smartegg can only be controlled by one phone at the same time. however, it is easy to disconnect one phone with the smartegg to enable the other phone. i'm sure that your husband and you can coordinate well :-). 3) yes, positive. 4) power is only 2aa. however, 2aa last for 12 months at least. thank you for your support! --- michael
also, i have interest to ifttt support! if egg joined ifttt, i imaged that egg can be controlled temp. setting up of air conditioner depending on outside temp. by weather news or netatmo data, or distance from home by iphone location. for example,  if outside temp. became lower than threshold, then air conditioner temp. set up higher. if rainy day, then morning alert was done 30min earlier than usual for notice. if i enter within 500m from my home, some machine turn on especially air conditioner to warm up before arrived home, more earlier than ibeacon sensor. it is more great!!!
great project guys! i have an extra question of tatsuya tanaka's no2 question: if it's controllable by more iphones/ipads. can i share all te mappings with eachother. or do i need to program them seperatly manualy?
some questions. (1) can 1 iphone can controlled 2 egg at same time? because i want to control speaker in bedroom and turn on air conditioner in other living room at morning alert. (2) are same egg controllable by 2 iphones? because i and my wife want to control home tool separately. (3) can be egg controllable other code type using same company? because i have 3 sony blu-ray players using different remote code, does egg already had this function? (4) power is only 2aa? or both 2aa and ac adapter? because it is more suitable for energy saving.
wonderful, david! we will definitely take your suggestion into serious consideration. thank you for your support! --- michael
totally understood and hoping you opt for that in the future. i actually upgraded my pledge once i realized how many ir receivers i have in my apartment, looks like i need two!
hi david, good thoughts! we will definitely consider a public api in the future. at this time, as a first product, for its performance and stability we do not offer a public api immediately. thank you so much for your support! --- michael
hello! i am a programmer and i was wondering if there would be a public api to allow us to control the smartegg using our own code. thanks for making such a cool product!
hi greg, at this time we only support home devices via infrared sensors. in the future ifttt is definitely something interesting that we will look into. thank you for your tips and support! --- michael
hi michael, yes, absolutely! you can do macro and have actions in sequence rather than paralllel in each scene. the maximum time lapse between two steps is 100 seconds. -- michael
this is something i think i will find some uses for.. but my major concern is that today a lot of new devices are controlled via bluetooth and not ir.. can the smartegg, or will it, be able to control these devices in the future? i have wifi lighting now too and the egg would be perfect if it was able to control these.. ir is a dying control for a lot of new technology that is coming out. also, ifttt functionality would be great too in the app
what about macro? can it turn on a numerous electronics on in a certain sequence like turning on a tv then automatically changing the channel then turning on the dvds player with a press of one button?
hi michael, smartegg can be controlled by apple watch, correct! i need to do some research regarding homekit and ifttt, but in general as long as these devices (to be controlled) recognize infrared signals they are compatible. the same case for ps4, as long as it recognizes infrared signals. thank you for your support! --- michael
hi ivan, great question! as communication between home devices and smartegg is by infrared, it means each room with devices to be controlled would need a smart egg. however, if you don't need to control devices in multiple rooms simultaneously then you can simply bring the smartegg from one room to the other. smartegg is super light and easy to carry in your hand. it uses 2 aa batteries. thank you for your support! --- michael
so are these smart watch, homekit, ifttt compatible? can this with an update operate bluetooth devices, for example, turn on a ps4?
do we need one for every room? the video seems to suggest that each room should have one smartegg. what battery does it use? thanks!
hi k-dawg, the updated full english version will come into google play soon, hopefully in a few days, and definitely before the campaign finishes. that is part of why we are raising this kickstarter campaign -- to improve our android experiences as well as localization of the app across the globe. our ios app is already fully english (and locale friendly depending on which country you are in). for now as long as you can navigate to the signup screen the rest should be all in english. thank you for your support! --- michael
the aico app on google play does not appear to be in english? it has graphics that look correct (smart egg) but i can not read a thing.
great question, jo! yes, aico smartegg has self-learning capability to adapt an old or new device that's not in the list as long as the device recognizes infrared signals! the full list has already been shared with all of you in our aico app on ios and android apps. download for free, login, and then click on "+remote" at the top left corner of the screen. you'll then be able to find devices categorized such as "tv", "aircon", "dvd" in each category. the battery last for about a year if not longer. thank you for your support! :-) --- michael
hi, what if the device is not within that list? can you share full list of the devices that are compatible as a lot of my home electronics are kind of old? does it work with hue too? how long can the battery last? thanks! jo
