hi alaska!!!! did you complete the backer survey? you'll need to fill out that little baby so we know where to ship it!
i pledged almost 3 1/2 years ago to you guys. any update on my product i was supposed to receive back?
never got mine either.  what's the story?
you don't need that corporate guilt backing you - give them six months and they'll cry themselves to sleep cause they miss you sooooo much. woooooop!
still enjoying my freaker.. thank you for your unique products and creative energy. congratulations on shark tank.. looking forward to it, thanks again!
hey! i never got my freaker! what gives? it's been a while....
max! max! we just got your package back in the mail? it went germany and back!  it says "von zollamtlicher behandlung befreit deutsche post nl ip b frankfurt-flughafen." crazy town! will you re-send your address to freaker@freakerusa.com so we can re-send it. you know we got mad love for you!!! xo, freakerteam
ohhh we are going to get you love!!!
i want love toooo....
breaker=freaker
sad, never got my breaker. what happened?
ohhhhhhhh no, richard. we def want you to feel love!!! we just e-mailed you to make sure we have your address correct!!!
still havent been freaked . im definatly not feeling the love.. where are they !! im from the uk
yayaya!!! freakers in da houses!!!!!!!!  yayya!!!
my freakers arrived today!!! yuhuuuu thank you so much freakerteam! :)
i spoke too soon, got mine today. it's awesome! i like how on the description of goods for customs it just says 'sock', i feel customs might be underestimating the freaker a bit there...
@matthew, we are so excited you're excited!!!! we just shipped a boat load of international packages this week! hold tight! you will be getting your freak on very soon!!!
haven't got my freaker yet although i am in the uk, still quite excited for it though.
just received my freaker! freaking awesome!
i've been sporting my freakers in asheville for about two weeks now and have gotten mad compliments from so many people!  great job guys...go freak the nation!
just received my freaker in canada! thank you, it's pretty rad and just receiving the cute 'snail mail' envelope made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside. you dudes are soooooooooooo righteous!
hi, just wanted to let you know that today my freakers finally arrived in germany.  they are just great. thank you very much for freakin' me. :-))
awww thanks travis!!!!!!!!!!!!! i'm glad we made you're day!
just got my freaker love love love it also love my little note truly made my day my week and my year lol
christian fällberg, helllooo!!!! your lovely package were shipped out on aug. 4th so you should be getting freaked  very, very soon!!! thanks for your love & support! we love you, oh so much!!! the freaker team
hello zach! i´m waiting for my freakers to arrive here in sweden... it´s still summer here (59 f) but soon it will be cold. i guess the freakers will help to keep your hands warm as well?   ;-)
i can't freaking wait man my pop(soda for you americans)  keeps getting my hand wet
@ brian, you are so about to get freaked !!!!!!!!! they should be at your doorstep any day now!  @ richard @travis @alberto @international lovers- we are shipping out sexy international mail this week!!!!!! hold tight!!!! thanks for all the love. you all make our hearts swell!!!!!!!!!!
still waiting to be freaked. any idea when they'll show up?  i could have stopped by last time we made the trek from raleigh to wilmington :)
im from uk and still waiting to be freaked ! hoping the wait wont be too much longer
zachary quick question i'm in canada and i haven't received my freaker do you know if any canadians have received there's yet?
i check my mail everyday when i come back from work to see if they've arrived, but it'll take a bit longer since i live in spain :p i can't wait!!!
got freaked a couple days ago. my fav is the kerouac! a bit smaller than i expected, but is great for all the purposes i want to use it for
i got freaked! you guys are freakin awesome. i loved the drawings on the box. i loved the hand written note. i loved the sticker. i loved all the freakers i picked. i loved the special edition kickstarter freaker. i think i .... i love you!
just got freaked and i couldn't be happier!
i just got freaked and i'm so freakin stoked! my 'murica freaker looks great huggin up on a nice cheap american lager. thanks!
i can not wait for my freakers. if i get them before the 22nd i'm totally taking them to a wedding.
i got a sick color scheme and have already put it to use multiple times. thanks for shipping it so quickly. please keep us updated with your future progress!
@vikanda --- what?! you're missing one?! send us a message and we'll fix this immediately! tragic!! @everyone who hasn't recieved theirs yet... no fear, dears!!!! the bigger the package, the more love we're putting into it!! on their way, pinky promise!!
got my freakers today! a little upset that i was missing one, but happy with the 3 that i recieved :)
should i be worried if i have not received mine yet? not impatient, just checking.
my bobble- freaked! http://goo.gl/lqvyf two of my favorite american-made products, perfect for each other.
i got mine today! it's awesome! i love it. it makes a great companion for my bobble and fits perfectly. of course, i tried it out on some other stuff and... it still fit perfectly on everything! just freaking cool. :) thanks so much!
i have officially been freaked! now to order some of the sweatus repellicus freakers!
ty!! freakers do fit on soda cans!!! just tuck under the neck and wah-lah!
just got my freaker yesterday, pretty cool, even though i got one of the most feminine ones you have, lol. if you guys start making freakers for soda cans, i'd buy a bunch. thanks again for the freaker!
i just got mine a few days ago, it is awesome!
i got my freaker in the mail yesterday! my kids and all of my friends want one! great job! <3
yea!! i got my freaker just in time for the 4th and it was a big hit!! i love it, thank you so much zach crain!!!
i got mine yesterday. very cool!
zach crain...marry me?
just shoot us an email with special requests and we'll see what we can do! the $1 reward packages are almost almost in the mail!
along to same lines as beth, the style i wanted was not in the email. are some of the freakers in the videos not going into production?
i didn't see an option to pick my style in the email...did i miss it?
wondering what the estimated ship date is? i'm really hoping i'll get my vin deisel my the 4th!
it's cold here in the uk so i'm going to use mine to keep my tea warm
freak me baby oh yeah
looking for the design template to submit a design...was i not looking in the right place?
way to go! can't wait to get freaking freaked in sunny honolulu!
congrats zach!   cant wait to get freaked!
congrads zach, on reaching your goal.  can't wait to get freeked!
congratulations !
congratulations zach! how exciting! i wish you all the best in your business venture!
lmao zach i tryed to do the cheeses party but im in canada you know that cold white tundra lol im actually in niagara falls so its kinda hot today lol but ya the party is only usa only so sadly my sweet canadian accent and great canadian pick up lines will never enter the beautiful ears of alisha (super sad face)
hi, when will you ship the great products? thanks
congrats!! ))))
way to go! have you considered that you can get the freaker wet and put it in the sun to cool the contents inside?  maybe you don't live in a hot climate, but it's true!
oh darn guys i forgot to upgrade my pledge from $33 to $63, for the $55 pledge with international shipping (thought i'd done it). don't think there's any way to upgrade unfortunately. but well done anyway guys.
congrats - now everyone gets freaked!
yea, i've made it! and for the first time i was using amazon (with friend's credit card ;x).. i hope i didn't mess up anything!
congrats guys!!! cant wait to get freaked!!!
time to freak
w00t! freakin awesome! i love it!  ;-)
congrats!!!! wooo hoooooo!!! thrilled for you cool kats. :o)
travis- zach is correct ! make that grilled cheese party happen and i'm on my way ! could hand deliver www.rubyassata.com products along the way ! where you from ? ! ? yeah freakerteam ! we love you !
grats!  can't wait to get my freak on (something cold and alcoholic)!
travis- if you get a grilled cheese party we could probably arrange for her to come party with us. other wise you'll have to work it out with www.rubyassata.com. i think if you buy enough wallets she'll hand deliver them.
congrats cranium!!
how much do i have to pledge to get the girl in the black and white t shirt :p
1 person is going to have a bbq party!  that's awesome!! hooray!! :d
we could have a freaking huge partay with the extra $11,000 ;-)   lol
i'm looking forward to a good old fashioned freaking :d
atomic lime project is freakin in!
freak me!!!! ooohhhoooooohh
if you love freakers, you will love utah girl! they have 30 days to go! help them get funded! http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1752377818/step-into-now-hear-it-fund-it-live-it-with-utah-gi
http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1752377818/step-into-now-hear-it-fund-it-live-it-with-utah-gi
congrats!
can't wait to get freaked!!!
yay!! you freaked it:)
absolutely killer. a couple days ago, if i was in your situation, i would of given up. you win purely on heart
i'm freaked out!  congrats!
congrats on gettin your freak on!  your videos and energy are amazing.  can't wait to see what else flows from the freaker team's creativity.
mortal man suports freakers 100%! freak on!!!!!!
oooh, i'm so freaking excited! i was worried you weren't going to make it! i haven't checked in a few days, and wow, look at this! hurray!!!
you guys are making money by the minute!!! yeah hoooo!  did you know you are now in the top 100 hall of fame funded at kickstarter since 2009? 4k more and you'll be in the top 45!  every backer up your pledge!  let's go down monday with a grandslam!   love you freaker team, lainey
whoa, when last i looked this project was about $20,000 short.  that is probably the most impressive push i've ever seen.
congrats zach! glad i had the chance to meet you (gave me a floor to sleep on in january!!) ... good luck on your amazing adventures! freaking awesome!
awesome! i'm gonna get enough freakers to put on all of my limbs and be super-rad! congrats!
just saw you made it, and with almost 2000 backers! congrats
cheers on reaching your goal guys! congratz all the way from freaking denmark - we can't wait to get freaked. ;)
congrats on your funding goals! was following your project closely and you guys made it!
sooooo glad you guys made it! been following your campaign intensely since i first discovered it on kickstarter. proud to say your my first backed campaign! i wish i had more to give more than the 5$ i had to pledge (if i had the 3 grand i would have totally donate to get the grill cheese sandwich party, who doesnt love a good freakin grilled cheese?) sadly on a students wage, it wasn't possible....but i will proudly keep spreading the word of the awesome campaign you guys have going! cant wait to see the world get freaked! :-d
zach, and team freakers.   congrats...i am so excited for you and your product.  this is going to be an amazing thing.  i am so gonna carry them in my stores.  let me know how to get on board as a retail point for freakers.  much love to all you freaks!
zack carin - you are amazing.  you & your team did it!!!!  i'm so happy for you & can't wait to get freaked!!!  xoxo claire
great job zach!!!  brookville is freaking proud!
kat!! you are more then welcome to take your pledge to 1 dollar town or just email us your addy!!! zacherycrain@gmail.com!!!! yay!! love you
i'm glad you made your funding goal! awesome!!! on another note, i'm so very sorry but i have to cancel my pledge. i lost my job today and i can't afford non-necessities anymore. i hope to see freakers on the shelves to get one someday!
youdidityouidityoudidit!!!!!!! i knew you would. yay! freakers for everyone!!  wooohooooo!!!!!
you made it! we are so excited...congrats to everyone!
your page was way too cool to not back this project! congrats!!!
freak'in cool you made it.  nice job freaker team !
who can i contact about updating my mailing address? (it is different than my billing address) ahhhhhhhhh freak out!
freak out time! just had to pledge enough so you would get to 50k. congrats guys.
freak on! amazing amazing amazing! congratulations!
woooooooooh! freak on!
way to do it zach.  freakin nunen!
wow!!!  we are so excited for the freaker team. all of your love, passion, and hard work for freakers is showing. can't wait for our freakers. congrats!!!!!
congratz!!! y'all made it! i would have freaked if you didn't....
freak the freak out freakers!!!!  congrats!!!
congrats from the tigr team!!!!
congrats freakerville, i'm guessing this is what's happening right now in the mind of zach http://www.youtube.com/watch…
freaky friday!
freeeeeeeeeeeeak-ing out!
congrats freaker team! i was gettin worried. so glad you made it! freak on!
read about you @ ok great! awesome over all, the product, the people involved, the branding, the videos.. how could i not have backed this? and you've made it!.. so, excited..
count me in. swissmiss.com is my source.
sweet!  funded!  get your freaker on! cheers, mike
o h m y g o s h!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  yaaaayyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! gonna get my freak on, and it is a good thing since my new metal water bottle is sweating all over the place!!!!!!!!!!!!! it is 'crying' it is so happy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
as much as i want to get freaked, i want this kickstarter campaign to never end, i love the updates.
wow!!! more than 10000 dollars in a few hours! we are gonna get freeeeeeaked. congratulations freakerteam!!!!! :) :) :)
woot woot wootity woot!
we are freaking! yay! freaking cool!
freaky!!!!!
congratulations, team freaker!!!  i knew you could do it...
way to go!   can't freakin wait for my freakers!!!
yay! awesome!!!
congrats!  where do you go from here?
you made it!
yahoo!!  you made it!!!!    i'm so freakin' excited!!!
woooooooooooooo!
logged on to kickstarter today and was ecstaticed! we're gonna make it! :dddd i know i chose "assorted" but i would love if a banana freaker magically appeared :)
it's no secret that you're getting freakin close!  you only need $6,777!!! if the 853 backers at the $1 pledge gave $8 we could all get freaked!!!! come on people!!!!  your killin' me here!  eight dollars!!!!!!!! 8 freakin dollars!!!!! please!!!!!
from italy.............................. proud to sponsor the freaker ....  i hope you make it even cooler in couple of days...... ;-) sounds fantastic!!!!
good luck, zach and crew! looking forward to putting a freaker on my mother earth brewing bottle!
you's guyys are gonnna maakkkeeee it!!!!
jozy altidore (us men's national soccer team star) just retweeted the freaker usa kickstarter link! hope it helps!
dont you just love his enthusiasm. i want to throw him my credit card and kiss him. too bad i don't have a credit card, and i do have a boyfriend. i'm convincing him to grow a beard.
wish i could do more.....lots of love to my cousin oliver!!!!
love your videos - and your creative wit and energy - ordered several - good luck and i can't wait to get my freaker on!
i love your energy, man. i upped my ante and posted to facebook. good luck! you're so close...
posted on our nc (and southern) travel blog and shared on the social medias. http://www.wandersouth.com/2011/06/02/buy-local-support-your-local-crazy-cool-idea/ brian
love you zach crain. keep fighting the good fight. &lt;3 lauren louann and baby george
proud to be a backer from houston, tx! love you freaker!!
lainey - i would tell you, but whether or not we received the secret document secrets is a secret :), melanie - you will be mauled with so much violent love... prepare yourself. honky tonk - we have never been so excited to whip out the grill. ever. pian pain & david - it's true! it's amazing! we could never do it without your support! thank you! erika - i think we've been over what would happen if you had a beard. we would braid them together. forever. alicia! we want to freak you so so so very much! parker & ashley -  thank you thank you thank you!!! love! ian - we are so very honored to be your first! so happy that there's a computer screen in between us so you can't see us blushing!
that's my very first pledge on kickstarter, i just couldn't not help after watching that video :)
awesome video, your energy shows your passion for this project!
loved your video. pledged!
love your energy! hope you freak us all.
broke but backed with a buck. love the beard.
getting closer!!
republic wa just freaked! we're dying for some freakin good grilled cheese sammiches! fingers crossed!
love you freakz
zach, did lauren get my secret email with my secret attachment?  i sent you all my secret info.  i hope it helps!  if tommy and i win the lottery this week we will give you 20k no problem!  i want my freaker and a yummy grilled cheese sandwich.  san diego would love love love, i mean love to have you! love, lainey
steve!!!!  love you!!  we need all the help in the world to reach this in the next 3 days!!  oh dang, this is crazy, i'm sweating!!!  at first i typed in swissmiss.com and it took me to that hot coca mix!  i was a bit confused, but then i found the sexy blog you're talking about!!  that would be wonderful to get our video grapes on there!!  love you gemma!!!  we've emailed bunches of blogs, but then i did it again after your suggestoin!!  thank you so much for taking the time to email them!!  love you!! aunt peggy!!  everything about everything that you said made me giggle, but i was hoping to make our goal while keeping my mane of beard!!  love you beth!!!   aaaahhhhhhh!!!!   love you!!  that's freakin awesome you still have your original!!  yay!! mike!!!  i want soooooo badly to bring the freaker team to texas and throw the biggest sexiest grilled cheese party ever!!!  tell them all!!  love you!! tyson!!!  chicki chicki boom boom!!  love you! lainey!!!  ahhhhh!!  aahhhhhhh!!!!  so good talking with you the other day!!  thanks for your support and love!  love you!! the ume group!!!  willie!!!  christiana!!!  keihl!!!  mike!!!  darryl!!!  lizm!!!  julie!!!   love you alll!!!!  we love everyone!! we wanna reach our goal sooooo bad and for everyone to get their freakin love packages from us!!  oh dang!!
i just upped my pledge to $55, i'm gonna ask tina at swissmiss.com  if she'll blog about freaker.
you should reach out to some blogs to get the word out about freaker.  i would recommend uncrate, gizmodo and the frisky.  they are all pretty hip.  uncrate promoted coffee joulies a few months ago and they got funded like gangbusters.  i emailed uncrate, but maybe send them a freaker or just call/email and beg for some promotion.
maybe zach could offer to shave off his beard if freaker meets the goal - i'm guessing it would motivate some of his elderly relatives to cough up some more  $$. lydia's boyfriend's mother said if you get within $50 - she'll contribute that to take you over the finish line!
zach! it is your old brooklyn sewing buddy! good luck, go get 'em. i still have my original vintage sweater freaker. proud of yooooooou!
word
good luck with this.  spreading the work in tx!
hang in there freakers.. posted all over facebook and hoping you guys get the support you need.  love all the updates, keep up the hard work
$23,590 divided by 557 $1 backers =  $42.35! come on people, cough up some moola! please!
we just launched our first kickstarter today, and *especially* after seeing how much hard work it is, we have so much appreciation for the epic grandeur of your kickstarter page. truly great great work, sirs and madams.
hey -  i just think the video is so cool and you're so laid back.  best of luck in completing this project!  it's freakin' awesome.
good luck! i backed and want some freakers!
if the 521 backers of 1 lame dollar would at least bump it up to 25 dollars your like 10000 away right there!!!
i don't want my money back, i want my freakers.
zach, did you get my emails?  i re-did my math, here goes.... there are 772 backers at the $1 and $25 pledge.  right now you are at a deficit of $25,335 in order to reach your goal... if the 772 of us split this responsibility and changed our pledge to $32.82, we could all get freakin freaked! i am going to go change my pledge right now!!!! i hope more peeps will follow and kick in 40 smakers and freak the freakerteam! love, lainey
you guys had the most creative video ever done in kickstarter. pledged my part to help you guys achieved your aim.
best of luck guys, from ohio and for my part, hookahville :)
kristin!!!!!!!!!  i was thinking the same thing?????????  zach, i am proud of you guys, you are getting there!!!!  keep the faith, and the love going. freakers will prevail! love, lainey
made a pledge and looking forward to my first freaker!
daniel- i love those head thoughts!!  i hope it spreads!! kristin- i know, right? justin- that's the sweetest sexiest blog post ever!! love you everyone! -zach
love your commitment and excitement regarding the project. with the new $1 option i am tempted to switch my $55 pledge down, but i feel that would be a disservice to the amount of work and heart you put into this. others should do the same. let's get freaked!
if 4,607 people "like" this on fb, why aren't more of them donating???  grrrrrrrrrrr..... i need this!!!
raised my pledge from $5 to $25, i wanna be freaked!  spreading the word - http://thejustinmurphy.com/blog/2011/5/12/the-freaker.html
i love my octopuseseses freaker!
i love your video + cold bevs!
this is a great project! i love it! ;-)
the best grilled cheese sandwiches ever, by far. had so much at the freaker party i just had to add to my original donation. wishing your team the best!
zach, i so hope you guys make it!!!  i just freakin' love you guys.  hey, get in touch with me, i once got in touch with ellen's crew and had them call me a few times and ask for my head shot.  if you want some advice, email me and we can chat!  i would love to help! xo, lainey
ok, i will wait until you finally do get the money, even if it is after 6/6.  keep my donation until you get it working. sincerely, # 539
loved the video, backed the project, posted you up on my fb. i would love a freaker with a stache or a beard. love it all
backed, blogged, & submitted to every social trending site i know. good luck, guys!
i sincerely wish that i had $33,339 to make this project meet it's goal, but i'm pledging $25 and hoping that everyone else will help me out. :) i really wish that i could get a black and white horizontally striped freaker. that would probably make my day. probably two days, actually. i may even dedicate an entire week of happiness to it. just sayin'.
this was just too freaking silly and cool to pass up. i couldn't help but contribute. rob byron http://'piedmontphoto.com
i pledged to this not just because i am excited about your product but because my girl kaywin was like jumping out of her skin over this!! if you could have the love note signed to her...from the beard that would be awesome!!! much love for freakers!!
yay!!  love you kerry!  we've got a link to our sexy press kit in the updates, might help spread the good news!! ahhhh!   or if your best friends with ellen you can show her the "the ellen freak show"video!! love you again! -zach
hey man, great job with the video, and i can't wait to get my hands on a freaker. we have to get this to your goal. i'll spread the word!
yay!!  thanks daniel!!
i know you haven't posted an update for it yet, but i was creepin on the vimeo and the new video is fantastic
we are actively facebooking, tweeting, implementing digg and stumbleupon, as well as, updating buzzfeed continuously in support. sending you best wishes zach!
zach & his freaker team~  we love your videos, they definitely let america in on  your quirky personality!  here's a helpful tip  for all you teachers out there~  freakers are great to keep student desks free from bottle sweat, i love them in my classroom and so do my students!
julie - wish? granted! you got it! jessica- we're feeling unparalleled love! it's majestic!! michael - freakworld2011 yes please! suzanne - we love love love you too!!! oh gosh!  and ellen? she's our next ambition! we're tweeting at her everyday and getting everyone we know to submit show ideas on her website! want in? please? yum! farley - you girls are eternally magical! mom- hi mom! love you! jordan - hooray!!! thank you so much! where are you posting to?! from the bottoms of our hearts, you are wonderful!
love the video! well done, freakerteam! we're still posting and spreading the freakin word about freaker usa. enjoy this beautiful day!
i love my son !!!!!  isn't he freakin awesome !!!!!!
our sparklingbagcandy.com is proud to back you to the tune of $200 and we will keep blogging, tweeting and posting all about freaker usa! zach you have such a lovely, beautiful, kind, good-hearted spirit and your sense of fun is highly contagious. we are so pleased to send support your way.
i wish i was made of money so my sole job was to spend it on  freaker ideas such as freakers!!!!! i love love love the creativity of the video, the concept and personalities of all involved. the energy surrounding this project is clear by just viewing once. if i am able to land more contracts, i'm self employed, i will be able to contribute. for now, i will simply have to share on facebook and find people here in colorado that may back this project. i want a grilled cheese party!!!! lol know that a creative person with roots in north carolina is on your side and is sending energy your way for a freakers success!!!!! i want ellen degeneres to showcase you guys!!!!
love the freaker cuz... today freak america...  tomorrow, freak the world!
love the freaker cuz... today freak america...  tomorrow, freak the world!
amazing video! i have been a huge fan of the freaker from the getgo. i sport my freaker every day. boom.   xxoo love ya! can you feel it? it's heading your way!!!
i love all these designs and colors!  make mine purple, yellow,  fushia and lime green and just funky!  freakers can make you happy just by looking at them!  makes me smile !!!
hi robert! hi martin!  so we talked to our postal service today! this is the estimate they gave us: for the $25 & $55 package, they added an extra $8.  for the $70, they added an extra $13. for the $125,it will be around an extra $20 and for the $200 ...an extra $30 for the double everything $500 package - it will be $40 added. this is how much it will cost us, but whatever happens is fine!! thanks so much for your freakin' interest!!  cheers!!!  love you!
another request for info on international shipping! (i'm in the uk)
any update on the old international shipping?
that vid is  brilliant. freaking brilliant. best of luck.
as a person with unnaturally cold hands, i will always love a beer cozy. but you really sealed the deal with the first few seconds of flattery. :) good luck!
freaker even. (darn spell check) ;)
my fingers are staying crossed that i get that purple freaked in the ad! i'm in love w it!!! &lt;3 good luck guys!!!
love you ! love you ! love you so hard !
i'm so happy to be a conduit for further creativity. thank you for sharing your freak-awesomeness with the world!!! squeeee! ^_^
dear catie, you have raised the bar for us. jarlsberg grilled cheese with arugula and truffle oil? because of you, things have suddenly taken a sharp turn for the greatest. thank you!! prepare yourself, freak nation is going gourmet
grilled chzzzzzzzzzz!: http://www.buzzfeed.com/mjs538/40-amazing-grilled-cheese-sandwich-recipes
omg omg omg there are so many grilled cheese varieties... now to figure out how to get my town enthused about this project! y'all are so awesome. i'm currently in georgia, but am a carolina girl. thanks for keeping wilmy fresh. :d i've seen more of this project in my fb network than any other this week. i am so optimistic y'all will be successful.
you have a real future as a consultant helping other entrepreneurs create their online pitch.
cant wait for you to fund...good stuff...i freakin love it!
you guys are super inspiring...and freaky cool! i'm in man!
jay, we can't tell you how honored we are!!! hooray!!! love love love
amazing video. seriously. i created the joulies kickstarter video and i'm humbled. i'm going to go watch this again. i'll probably have to back this, just not sure about the level yet. great job.
freakers for everyone this xmas!!! :) good luck guys!
hey guys! met you guys this past weekend and bought 2 freakers...i'm officially a freaker! great job guys and i luvvv my freaker.
best kickstarter video ever!  nice zach, really awesome!
i got my freaker on!
i have to agree!  this video and zach's enthusiasm make you want him and his team to succeed!  i'm sold!  best of luck!
if ever there was an example of a video selling the project to me, this was it. best promo video i've seen on kickstarter yet.
fun video!  how about a pledge reward for just 1 freaker for those of us that are paupers?  if not, i'll still prolly pledge what i can, because i like the enthusiasm.
zach + team....firstly just want to commend your enthusiasm, passion and dedication, its inspiring. looks like you're all creating something amazing (not just talking about a product) / i couldn't agree more with mike and daniella, this video is freakin rad (no pun) just some seriously awesome clips, tunes and dialogue / i have no doubt what so ever you guys will far exceed your funding goals /  you already have a solid, genuine list of loyal and loving freaks - which will only continue to grow. / all the best to you and your crew / peace
david, we've all been sitting here trying to figure out how to send you a personal email message... i think we're failing. but it would go a little something like this.... thank you so much from the bottom of our hearts!!
i love your excitement and passion.   america needs more ideas and business from passionate people like you!  go get 'em!
i love you excitement and passion.   america needs more ideas and business from passionate people like you!  go get 'em!
i'm across the pond in england.
hi bret! these are made out of acrylic yarns and we've never had any smelly complaints before. our special edition kicstarter freaker will have wool it...but all are machine washable in  case anything gets freakin dirty. and roger! we'll do our research and get back to you tomorrow! where are you?! hooray!
i had a thing kind of like this and it was made out of wool and it smelled so bad when you got it close to your face? did you guys fix this problem?
and can the freaker's be shipped internationally?
i've watched this a thousand times and i love it
amazing! so proud of you!
michelle! you are so special! thank you!!!
great video! good luck guys:)
best video evar. i'm in.
mike, thanks for your support! we love you too! and daniella, our hearts are pitter pattering .. hurrah!!
"kickstarter videos are becoming an art form. case in point: freaker." --twittersphere
okay, the bar has been seriously raised for kickstarter videos.  loved it, loved it.  had to pledge just because the video was so awesome. go for it guys. cheers, mike
