hi jason thanks for your feedback, we are looking at this issue will give you an update when we fixed it thanks
thanks for the quick response! i was able to pair successfully and the color sensor works great. now my problem is the app crashes whenever i tap on one of the color "bubbles" on the left side of the screen. changing colors with the buttons on the mozbii works just fine.
hi jason we have updated our instructions video step 1 - unpairing https://www.youtube.com/watch… step 2 - pairing https://www.youtube.com/watch… have fun and thanks for the great support to make mozbii happen! and happy christmas !
trying to use with a galaxy tab s 10.5, but it won't pair. the videos from the 11/19 update are not available. is there any reason this won't work with the galaxy tab s? are there instructions for pairing?
hi renee i have sent a message to your mail box at kickstarter please let us help you  to solved your problem thanks
where do we leave feedback as far as encountered problems with both pen and apps?
hi jeremy, no problem, quote away! :) the only thing we encountered was the nexus tablets firmware tells the device it doesn't have the correct bt. the hardware is there but google never bothered to correct the issue. but there is a rootkit to fix that. also i found that the red is sometimes a bit muddier then the scanned object. like fire truck red was almost brown in some cases. anywho, i still stand by my original statement. we had lots of fun already and you can only grow from here.
hi imran, i have special made the mozbii abc to fit into note 3. take a look if it works for you. i do not intent to release officially yet. https://www.dropbox.com/s/vh77szphyawf6ft/abcmozbii_phone.apk… jeremy
hi bianca, it all pays off with your comments!! it's well worthy the kickstarter journey! can i quote some of your words on my website? let me know if you face any issues on mozbii. jeremy
hi jeremy, i got my mozbii duet today! jeej! after i was done hugging the fed-ex box, i started the unboxing. the mozbii works great! thank you so much. the package was shipped to the office but it's like daycare in here right now. all the adults want to play and a few asked to send a link to where they can buy there own mozbii. you did such a great job and it is so much fun. also, awesome how you marked my shipment as a sample! i expected to pay some vat but this was a pleasant surprise! overall backing this project was a great experience from start to finish.
@imran, let me try on mozbii abc app first for note 3 since that's relatively quicker. i'll let you know our monday. i don't guarantee i can do for all apps but will try one at a time. jeremy
would you at least let us download on android phones, i don't have android tablet and pen doesn't pair with ipad2. i have note3 and wouldn't mind the small screen.
hi bianca, you are just one day ahead of me!:( we have just packed today and will arrange the shipment tomorrow and i'll have an update tomorrow! thanks for asking! btw, you may download the 3 apps now! just type "mozbii" in either app store or google play.
hi jeremy, how are things going at mozbii? i hope everything is going great! :) i read from your comment below, you are going to send our rewards soon?
@george. adbul halim mat ali is right. to make the experience decent enough, we have limited to 7" and up tablet. i am using samsung note 3 phone, 5.5", it seems too small to use. the app is for world wide, not for certain regions only.
@george. i believe you need the tablet version. samsung galaxy note.
jeremy hi, i just receive my mozbii and i cant wait to start playing with it.  the problem i have is that "this app is incompatible with all of your devices." i have samsung galaxy s5 and it sounds strange to not work with. in other cases i found that the problem was regional. the creator of the app just didnt released for my region. so please advise.
hello everyone mozbii online shopping cart launched for pre-order today, want to get more for a gift , do not miss out. come and buy it http://shop.ufro.com/ intimate remind you of goods is expected to ship after 10 nov
if your mozbii can't connect with app. we made a video, it shows how to paring mozbii with your app. here is the link https://www.youtube.com/watch… instructions using the nib side(press the upper button), press and hold on the bluetooth icon for at least 5 seconds or until connected
@creator i have experienced same issue as danielle. my señor will not connect to device also it won't sync the scanned color to app, i don't understand why it's happening even though i have tried connecting on different ios devices.
have you all tried the first feature on coloring page library with camera roll? if you have not, i suggest you try it. if you have tried it, here is the advanced feature that will unleash your content! google any xxx line art, like " mickey mouse line art " and choose "image" to search, pick anyone line art, even with colored one. hold on the line art and save onto camera roll. then go back to the first feature on coloring page library with camera roll and choose the image you just chose and "use it". see what happen!
i received my mozbii today. it works perfectly on capturing colors, however the color doesn't come out on the app. how can i use the color captured on the app? there is no instruction anywhere :(
@lh. portland oregon. i think creator is shipping based on backers number.
@ abdul halim mat ali: may i know in which state your mail forwarder is located ?
i just received my mozbii great product....kids enjoy drawing and coloring with it....
my mail forwarder in usa receive it.. woohoo..
hi all, the super early birds are on the way today! the rest will follow in 30 days, around thanksgivings...
when will it be shipped?
when will it be shipped?
either email way is fine!
do you mean mail as in email, or mail as in sending a message to your kickstarter message box?
one more quick note in case you did not see my update. drop me a mail if you chose duet on 2 colors you need due to kickstarter limitation. i will do manually to keep note. no sweat!
thanks for the feedback. for kickstarter backers, anything is possible, including mix match on cases. drop me a mail so i can make a note of it!
personally, i'd choose the most common colors, black and white, since they're neutral colors that go well with literally everything. i also think doing the blue and pink would appeal to the kids, so i'd personally do 4 colors for release, but that's just me :) that brings me to another question...are we able to choose one pen color, and get a separate color for the case? example, choosing the black pen but requesting the darker blue case instead of the black case?
the standard colors to sell will be depending on the results of all backers. what'll be your suggestion, if i may ask?
which two colors are going to be the standard two colors sold in stores? or have you decided to sell all 6 colors in stores?
hi jeremy, i knew i needed to get a new ipad for the mozbii because i don't have the right bluetooth. i just wanted to test the app for you. i was thinking in the same direction. i program a lot of large svg/canvas charts for work to use in webbrowser, mobile apps and an offline application running on an old ie engine. sometime the most difficult thing is to handle the large amount of input en request the user generates by impatient clicking. just like a little 2yo ;) anywho, different question, i see you have a survey running for the shipping choices (yeey). i opted for the 2 mozbii in the colour of my choice. i noticed that kickstarter used radio buttons on the colour choice question so i can only pick one.  was that your intention?  i was hoping to get 2 different colours but if it's by design to pick one colour for both the mozbii, that's fine as well!
hi bianca, thanks for the feedback. i think that's another reason you'll need mozbii so you can better work with the app on the brush setting! but i'll think how to improve. for the crashing issue, there is a good news and bad news. the good news is that i can duplicate the same problem if i keep painting quickly to force the memory overflow to hang then force quit. but it works perfectly fine in ipad air and mini. it's due to the memory size. so, the bad news is that you still need to get the ipad 3+ to work well mozbii or works better without mozbii. i hope this explains your situation. definitely they'll enjoy their christmas presents! jeremy
hi jeremy, i have used my kids for the greater good this weekend. i let them play with my ipad2 ios 7(latest) en the mozbii colorbook app. they are 2yo and 6yo boys. they liked the robot and jungle theme and both learned how to navigate the colours quickly enough. the little one had trouble with the different brush settings but he's quite small and is more of a random clicker with 1 or more fingers. the only thing i noticed was the app crashing after a very large amount of touch-screen activity with multiple fingers in quick succession. i hope this info helps! the kids are very exited for their christmas presents as is their mom ;).
the keyword for apps in either google play or apple app store is " mozbii ". android - https://play.google.com/store/apps/details… ios - https://itunes.apple.com/tw/app/mozbii-coloring-book/id879023251… enjoy it and pls provide your feedback! jeremy
looking forward to these for the kids for christmas! i have looked on the apple app store for the colouring book but can't find it. does anyone know where it is and what is it called? thanks mike
thank you all and move on to get your mozbii ready!
congratulations jeremy.
congratulations on a successful project...
hi all, i feel thrilled about the feedback and i'll continue to support everyone's feedback and make it better and better. yes, i'd be very appreciative if let me know  how you feel about the apps before and after you get the mozbii. the result in term of feedback is well enough for me and i'll definitely make mozbii into the market with all your support so i won't let you down. again, thanks for all your support at the finish line! regards, jeremy shu
hi jeremy, the countdown has begun! only 2 hours left as i'm writing this. i haven't tested your apps yet but i will download it today and let my kids play with it if you would like feedback. @ all the backers: i agree with abdul halim mat ali.  i was part of the original scribble campaign and if anything, they did learn a lot of folks that kickstarter is not an amazon store, but a risk with your own hard earned money.  although mozbii may not be the most sensational and exciting of campaigns, the whole feel and set-up is designed to inform every backer about what they are getting into.  the technical specs are sound, the information provided and the regular updates show us what is going on and how far this product is along.  we ask a question, we get an straight forward answer within a short time-frame.  we wanted an iphone video of the product in action, we got it. i'm sad to see some backers go. i'm not familiar with how a production project works, but i can imagine you need to order/create a lot more mozbii's before you can get this in the local stores and sell it on a wide scale basis. i mean, that is the goal here right? launch a kickstarter, get your product up and running and get it to the masses. that way everyone profits. we are not shopping on ebay people!  we are providing funds to make someone's dreams come true (and we get an awesome product in return). with 2 hours on the clock, i hope i have convinced some of you to stay a backer or maybe even come back :)
+1 for ali's comment
i don't understand why some are backing out of mozbii. this is obviously not a vaporware as compared to scribble and @jeremy/creator is very friendly and helpful on the backershub facebook group.
has anyone downloaded either ios or android apps, mozbii, to test it out? it will still work with 12 colors by hand and enjoy the fun app, even without mozbii but will be extraordinary with it! regards, jeremy shu
hi a.h.m.a, no it's not enough for moq but it's ok since i have much higher goal by end of this year! thanks for the comment.
exactly. 200 backers..  i hope the moq is enough..
@aniket, thanks for your support! it's taken care! jeremy
hi jeremy i've sent you a message in your inbox and you've not replied
@renee, glad you like it and bring up your confidence level. please spread the words out that it's really happening. i have changed the main page video to unedited version to show and tell! jeremy
full version video is perfect! really does show how it works live time without edits. thank you!
hi rikka, yes, you are right! lh, thanks and hope that clears some dubiousness. jeremy shu
good video there on update.
abd halim, no confusion there for me. the 6 colors refers to the stylus body. 12 colors is the stored colors in the stylus memory. the mozbii itself can read tens of thousand of colors. that's my understanding. @creator did i get it right?
hi abdul halim mat ali, 1. you can choose color from either app or the up/down button from the stylus. 2. so far, mozbii can be used in only mozbii apps. we are developing more apps ourselves and also developing sdk for more app developers to work with theirs. 3. you can download mozbii coloring book app from both apple app store and google play now. we'll have another update in 2 weeks for apps. regards, jeremy
@creator/jeremy do you just update the article for the stylus to support 6 colours? i am seeing this. "the built-in memory buffer stores 12-color in the stylus" @creator. also kindly answer the following questions: 1) how to we select the colour in stylus? from the apps? 2) can mozbii be used outside mozbii apps? 3) i have view from a website that mozbii only support tablet at google play. is that so? i am ok with that as my daughter normally draw from my tablet.
hi chandan, i'll look into the number of colors. i suppose you mean from current 6 color selection to more, not the 12 colors stored in the stylus, right? jeremy
hi jeremy increasing the number of colours.is it a worthwhile stretch goal. i am not sure whether its possible. pardon my ignorance if its not a appropriate question.
sorry for the typo on surpass. my hands were shaking when i typed due to overjoy! my next stretch goal is $60,000 and hope you all can provide some advice or suggestions! jeremy founder & ceo, ufro
i think you mean to write surpass and not suppress. they do not mean the same thing at all. it is a very easy mistake. congratulations. i can't wait to get this.
hi jeremy congrats for surpassing your goal.are there any stretch goals planned
hi bianca van den berg, thanks for your encouragement and support. that makes me feel i am obligated not to disappoint you and other backers. i'll make sure delivery with quality on time! thanks again! regards, regards, jeremy shu  founder & ceo, ufro  jeremy.shu@ufro.com
hi abdul halim mat ali, yes, it's android 4.3. that means it support bt4.0. i'll shoot a video clip with my phone to show how it works on sony tablet in next 48 hours, if you don't mind amateur footage. regards, jeremy shu founder & ceo, ufro jeremy.shu@ufro.com
@creator. can this be used with galaxy note 10.1 2014? also can you provide a demo with more android tablet?
thank you for the detailed explanation. i will fund this anyway. i'm a web designer and i like this product. i can value the potential of the tech behind it and i'd like to back this. for me this is the first step to the holy grail of design and if my kids can just start to be a part of it, that would be awesome. i must say you give great replies to your backers and i have faith in this.  the level if detail info you share is encouraging and we will fix our tablet dilemma at our home in due time. i just dodged a bullet at the scribble pen project, i believe, and i would rather back something sound that takes the first step then a bunch of dreamers/scammers that promise a grail that will never deliver.
hi abdul halim mat ali, led can display various colors but shows less colors than those on tablets. the kids can see the color similar to the actual picked one on led and the color on tablet will be much more closer to the actual objects due to better color resolution in tablets. from user scenario, we think led is for the reference with a buzzer showing it's been captured then the key enjoyment will be on the tablet which shows much closer colors. i hope this explains your questions. regards, jeremy shu founder & ceo, ufro jeremy.shu@ufro.com
@creator.  how is it possible the led on the device can display the various colours?  i thought led has limited colours?
hi blanca van den berg, thanks for your support! mozbii uses bt4.0 to interface with the tablet which supports ipad3+ and android 4.3+. so, unfortunately mozbii will not be able to work with ipad 1 and 2 or android os under 4.3. we thought about this but since we need to use bt4.0 to be effective, we have to compromise to use newer version of tablets. you are welcome to use the free app with the hand mode which still has 12 built-in color in app so the kids can enjoy the draw, paint and stickers but can't add more colors. you are ok to withdraw the pledge and very appreciative about your support! and hopefully we can be at your service later. please do visit us when we hit 100% of our goal. there might be something useful to you... jeremy shu founder & ceo, ufro jeremy.shu@ufro.com
hi jeremy, will the app be available to older tablets? i have a ipad 1 or 2 (not sure) i'm not using and i don't want to buy my kids of 4 and 6 a brand new tablet. they would just destroy the thing in a matter of days.  also what android devices would it support?
thank you very much for answering my questions! i'm confidant in this product and excited for the release! :)
dear all valuable backers, the app for mozbii, mozbii - coloring book beta version is available to download through apple app store now. it works with ipad3+. android beta version for tablet will be available next week. please test it out with hand mode first since you don't have the magic mozbii yet and let us know what to improve. regards, jeremy shu  founder & ceo, ufro  jeremy.shu@ufro.com
hi renee, thank you for your great support and questions. we design mozbii so it's very safe, easy to use and minimum to maintain. the battery should last more than needed. so it's built in for the sake of no potential mistake or hazard for the kids. for the nib, physically there is only one size, for now. but for the drawing, the app has 3 sizes available. thanks for asking that the beta ios app is available to download now! type mozbii and you should be able to use it in hand mode without the pen. enjoy it and please provide more feedback on this beta version! for beta android version, we'll have it available next week. yes, what you get will be production version! we don't sell sample! regards, jeremy shu founder & ceo, ufro jeremy.shu@ufro.com
are you able to replace the battery should it need a new one, or is it just a built in one? also, seeing as there is just one tip to the pen, is there any way to change the size of the pen point pressure while drawing, like changing the width of the lines you draw, from skinny to thick and in between, or is it just one size drawing line that comes from the pen? and last question, if you're sending out early bird sets, those will be completely finished, ready to sell on store shelves, non-problematic versions, correct?  thank you for being attentive and answering questions! i'm glad to be a supporter :)
hi asterix, i am kind of conservative but full of energy and curiosity. i only do what i can deliver. so, i put all my money in first to ensure the product is not only doable but proven to be manufacturable. i have done all i can along with my partner one year ago until now up to a point that we really need more funds and supports to move on to real production and channels. this is my real first project and i want to do it sound and right. for oct delivery, we only plan for super early bird's 100 sets along with classic model that'll give us more time to produce more in nov. hope this explain your question and very appreciative your support. all your support means a lot to us. if you like the product and the philosophy behind the product, please help to spread the words out! jeremy shu founder & ceo, ufro jeremy.shu@ufro.com
how are you able to deliver so soon? you won't even get funds until mid october and you are estimating you will start shipping in october ?
hi arckal, 1. one year warranty since we have confidence in our product. 2. the next level of stretch goal will be $40k. 3. for memory, 12 colors can be stored in mozbii now with led display to show and select. it can be transferred and stored onto the app with unlimited 12-color sets. 4. we have been seriously thought about that but worried about kid's safety. we'll reconsider. 5. there is case bundled pledge already. hope this answers your questions and thanks for continuing to suggest and support. jeremy shu founder & ceo, ufro jeremy.shu@ufro.com
any warranty on this stylus? it seems funding goal will be reached soon. any idea about stretch goals? i could suggest a few: 1) add memory into stylus to view previous selected colors 2) giveaway additional stylus tip 3) case free may be?
