love your project and is the best hardware projects i backed up so far
i was funding, but i cannot receive product...  how to receive that? i dont know how to do... :(
[liz posting on behalf of all of us at makey makey] @steffen wehite - thanks for following up! we've written 12 updates and have several postings throughout our comments section to keep our amazing backers informed to the best of our ability.  as posted you can reach out to us directly regarding your specific kit by following the step-by-step instructions posted on our webpage where's my makey makey?: http://makeymakey.com/wheresmymakeymakey.php thanks!
i'm still waiting for my kit like some others as i can see. any update when the kit will reach me? would be nice to keep the backers informed. thanks
@azam khan, you can reach out to us directly by following the step-by-step instructions posted on our webpage where's my makey makey?: http://makeymakey.com/wheresmymakeymakey.php  thanks!
what is the status, when will i receive the goods? i am not receiving any updates either? looking forward
@leon xu, @mohammad auzi ahadani, @laura petrea lehmkuhl - our last update #12 had everything you need to know about what to do if you never received your kit, also posted here: http://makeymakey.com/wheresmymakeymakey.php @romain lange  thanks for the thoughts - since we were a totally brand new project perhaps you can understand that we put all our effort into developing the kit.  we have since worked on new packaging and including basic information that guides people to online resources for learning and creating.  thanks for the feedback though!
hi, i just received last week my makeymakey ordered in may 2012. i offered it as a gift, the guy was happy, but come on: no packaging at all, not even a piece of paper with written "makey makey" on it. i received it in a red sparkfun box, three time to large, with a lot of wasted paper in it. a nice enveloppe would have been better. rgds from paris, france
hello, i just wanted to double check that this kickstarter actually worked, because i never received my kit. :(  message me if there's anything you can do about it. i'd really like to get the makey makey.  i pledged $35 last year.
yeap, me too. i haven't receive my makey makey yet. hope this can be solved soon! i just remembered that i pledged this project last time :d
hi i dont know how it works..but i pledged $45 last year but still haven't get any response. please advise!
@mike arshinoff - hi mike!  liz here. i've just replied to your direct message on kickstarter.  take a look and let's stay in contact to ensure that you receive your pledge reward.  thanks!
hi liz, i have still not received the kit, and sent a message to the support email in november with no response, and sent a message to jay on here just recently with still no response. please reply. thank you, mike
@jeffrey brown - hi there, this is liz writing.  we found that sparkfun was not able to coordinate your shipment because the pledge you made did not have a completed survey filled out.  i also have no record of any emails on the dates you mentioned in your post (11/10 and 12/29) otherwise rest assured that we would have been able to share this information with you directly if your messages had been received.  please email your address to support@joylabz.com, or message us here on kickstarter with the required information.  thanks!
i still haven't recieved my kit.  i've sent two emails to "support@joylabz.com" with no response.
@tom enzi - thank you tom!!  great to hear the feedback and really glad that everyone is enjoying it.  keep up the awesome creations and give a high-five to the kids from us.
finally had the time to toy around with my makeymakey and the kids. mario cart with play dough make perfect foot pedals! http://twitter.yfrog.com/z/h7rw7enj .. up next make a complete cockpit and use a beamer for perfect immersion. kids love it, and so do i, because toying around and trying new stuff is deadsimple and fast. thanks a ton!
@daniel egger - hi daniel, this is liz who helps out with responding on our facebook and kickstarter sites.  i have no record of your emails or messages.  just your two comments here on kickstarter.  please be sure that you are sending your inquiries to the correct email address: support@joylabz.com.
jay, its now 6 months and several messages via kickstarter or facebook and now response. as a backer i should have recieved the package (international fees paid) and didn't.  worse i did not recieve any answer to my questions and delivery status. what is going on?
@alex360, we already shipped to germany from kickstarter. if you didn't get your kickstarter makey makey go to:  http://makeymakey.com/wheresmymakeymakey.php if you want to buy a makey makey, yes we ship to germany, to buy go to: makeymakey.com
to germany?
when will you ship?
just wanted to bump this to the top... if you didn't get your makey makey go here: http://makeymakey.com/wheresmymakeymakey.php thanks, jay
@geordiebird -- okay if you emailed us we will get it to you. don't worry.  (: jay
i'm in dubai btw
hey i have not received my makey makey. just e-mailed you guys with my dets.
@amanda nunes lemos -- thanks for informing us. we are learning! i appreciate the communication. and i apologize for the fee. it was not our intention of course. hugz!!!!!!
i got my makey makey 4 months later... and let me tell you just something: it is awesome. but, i know you guys can't know everything that goes on in every country, but, for some reason, here in brazil they made me pay some fees, otherwise i wouldn't get the makey makey. usually, we don't have to pay anything we buy that is under $60, so, obviously, i wasn't expecting any fees. when i question them about it, they say like the "transportation wasnt pay for", like some freight stuff, i dont know how to put this in english. this has more to do with sparkfun - and their poor choices of incoterms - than you guys, but i think you guys should know that and alert the bakers and future buyers.
@boveah - yes, due to hurricane sandy your shipment wasn't able to leave new jersey until november 6th. you are right, though, it has been too long given that you are only in canada.  can you email us directly at support@joylabz.com.  this will make is easier to help you directly. thanks!
still no luck with my kits, i paid for the shipping and was told it would ship out on the 29th of october, then sandy hit, which i guess sucked, but it has almost been 4 weeks. i mean i live in canada, it really should not take this long to get to me.
@valentino -- please contact support@joylabz.com. at this point if you haven't received your reward then there was one of several possible problems - lost in the mail - we don't have the shipping address (no survey filled out) - never received international shipping payment - one of many other errors (sparkfun data error, kickstarter data error, joylabz human error) see  http://makeymakey.com/wheresmymakeymakey.php for more info
hi, a friend of me in italy got the shipping, when will you ship my reward? thanks!
@syira - you can use the "output" section on the back of the makey makey. there are two female header pins, one for any time a mouse event is activated and one for a keyboard event. for example, when you push the space bar on the front, the keyboard female header on the output section goes high to 5v. so if you were to stick the positive side of an led into that female header and the negative side of the led into ground, then every time you push the space bar the led will light up (depending on the led you may want to put a resistor in series with it to keep it from burning out, but don't worry too much about these things). the same way you can spin motors, or hook up a relay like a power tail and turn on lights, blenders, etc. (be careful with 120v ac). good luck. @job -- i understand your frustration. i would be very happy if i could just ship out kits the moment international shipping was paid. we shipped out kits in august to every person who paid international shipping with their original kickstarter orders. after that, we have been doing everything "by hand" one at a time. with 11,000+ backers that is a lot of "by hand". so we can't ship the moment you pay international shipping, even though i understand why that would be nice, and i wish we could. further, shipments overseas can take quite a while. as little at 2 weeks, or in some rare cases more than a month if customs quarantines the item (we have seen horror stories). i request that you understand that it's just liz and i looking after these late shipping payments, and that we are new to the business of shipping and customer service. if you have paid shipping and contacted support@joylabz.com then i promise we will get you your makey makey. but honestly, it just won't happen immediately, between order processing and shipping time, if it is overseas it is actually possible that it could take this long. it's called kickstarter cleanup and it's a daunting task. thanks for commenting, and i promise you will receive your kit. i appreciate your situation, and i really promise we are doing the best we can. @julien -- please contact support@joylabz.com to get an update. @liam -- we have started shipping out to the uk. if you already ordered contact support@joylabz.com for an update. @andreas -- we never promised your reward to arrive by august. i'm sorry but this is not true. we claimed "estimated delivery august". that was for an expected quantity of less than 1000 kits. we received orders for more than 13,000 kits. yet we still shipped by the expected delivery date. so we did ship all rewards in august *for people who had paid international shipping correctly with their kickstarter contribution and filled out the survey in a timely manner*. we are so proud of this and it took every ounce of energy we had. big credit to sparkfun there. after that we started manually going through anyone who didn't pay the original international shipping with their kickstarter payment (sorry if it was confusing to you, but kickstarter is not especially friendly for shipping payments). if your order has not shipped yet contact support@joylabz.com to find out why. if your order has already shipped and you have not received it yet, contact support@joylabz.com to find out when you are eligible to file for a lost package. thanks! we will get you your makey makey. i promise. @josh - email support@joylabz.com @ankur -- email support@joylabz.com to find out if you have paid shipping and whether your order has already shipped. @catherine -- makey makey was not available through kickstarter in july. my records show you pledged on june 3rd. based on your second question, i would guess that the reason you haven't yet received it is because without a survey we literally don't have a shipping address to send it to, so we can't possibly send it. now that you have filled out your survey contact support@joylabz.com to get your order to the next step. my records show that you filled our your survey on november 4th. @diana -- your email was answered sunday november 4th at 7:11pm pst. if you have further questions please respond to the email @josh -- yes.
have you started shipping to ontario canada?
i have backed up makey makey in july and filled up the survey promptly but i have yet to receive my deluxe kit (shipment required to australia). also i have sent an email last week but no response as well. please let me know what happened and when will i be getting my kit?
new question. i the survey is filled in late is it still possible to get the kit?
i purchased a makey makey in early july through the kickstarter and paid for the basic kit. i still haven't got it, i haven't heard anything since they said they shipped it in august, and when i tried the email you posted, it said the email could not be found. i really hope this isn't a scam, because honestly that would suck.
hey, i haven't received my makey makey (singapore). i thought estimated shipping was august 2012. will i get it by november? on a side note, i think i have paid all the fees needed, including the international shipping fees, but how to re-check it?
i dont know what is wrong
i still have not got my makey makey. i do
i have never recieved my reward. after endless email-dialog, twitter dms and three different contacts, i was told to wait another 3 weeks. my reward was promissed ind august.....i still have to waste my time trying to contact the project-owners. i cannot recomment using kick starter to anyone, it is a waste of money, with no rights and possibilities to get your money back :(
hi folks.  have you started shipping out to the uk yet?
hello, i'd like to know if the shipment began in france? i still have not received anything, despite the extra for international shipping ...
here i am again, i still haven't got my makeymakey, after an email i seemed not have paid the international shipping so i did immediately but that's now almost a month ago and i still haven't got it
it says on the website that you can use the makey makey to spin motors and switch led's. how is this done?
(posted by makey makey helper: liz!) @rafa, @matteo, at this point you should have received your kit. if not something is wrong (int'l shipping, survey, database error, usps midelivery, etc.). please email support@joylabz.com and we will make sure we figure it out. @boveah, @james deadman  thanks for checking in, we're working as quickly as we can. @mathar, that's great!! thanks for your good words! all the best!
i still haven't received anything yet, i've applied project on 17 may....any problem? thx
i have sent countless emails as i still have not received my makey makey and ordered on 7th july! please can someone email me and refund me my money.
received my makey makey yesterday. thanks for the wonderful project!
still don't have it, sent an email earlier only to get no response, will send one again
thanks for your response. i will do that. thanks, eli
@eli and @andres at this point you should have received your kit. if not something is wrong (int'l shipping, survey, database error, usps midelivery, etc.). please email support@joylabz.com and we will make sure we figure it out thanks! (:
i still didn't get my makey-makey. i paid international shipping and waited. how can i trace the status? thanks, eli
hey! i would also like to know about shipping date estimate. thanks
hi jay, can you post an update for us about your shipping schedule? i'm waiting for my 2 kits! thank you
problem solved, thanks jay !
(posted by makey makey helper: liz!) @josh and @robert farrell - we are looking into no-shows manually.  please email us at support@joylabz.com.  include your pledge level and the email address associated with your kickstarter account.  this will allow me to find the source of the issue and find a solution more quickly. thank you! @nicolás serrano - i have been emailing with you directly, and have been waiting for your reply since october 3rd.  i have emailed you again today with the same question.  please message us directly if you haven't been receiving our communications.  thank you!
october 12 :(
hi, i assume you are running behind as i also have not received my kit. can you please send an update!
october 11 today and still no makey makey. whenwill i get mine?!?!?!?!
@guy naveh -- the new kits all ship with jumper wires to make it easier to attach to the back of the circuit board. it is hard to alligator clip directly to the wasdfg keys. that wasn't the intended design. it's intended that you use the "female header" which are the black things with holes in them. you stick a wire (or a paper clip, or a safety pin) in there and then alligator clip to the wire (or the paper clip). i hope this clears it up, if i understood what you were talking about.  hack on!
got my to kits today, no tax on it cheers dag
the hardest part about makey makey was unwrapping the package it came in. once that was done, it  took me less than a minute to be playing tetris with a pepper. only problem is my current vegetable intake ;) thank you!
here again from chile. indeed this a very interesting gadget, and it works wonderfully. there are tons of posibility.  i have some ideas of my own. will post it if i can pull it off, essencially making a closed circuit that can sense capacitance discharge. you know without holding the thing in your hands or body, but having the button already connected to the positve and the ground (or banana) so the circuit is complete and sense when capacitance discharge  occurs(when you touch it)  sending a signal that the circuit is being disrupted. there is a guy who allegedly did making a working dance pad on his owm (stepmania) but is quite tricky.
hello, here form chiel writing!! i am happy that i have fianlly got my makey makey. it tool i litlle a longer than i suppose but the important thing is that it is here.  now i am working in the office figuring out how it works. i´ll post again to comment how is my experience with my new thingny
(posted by makey makey helper liz) @schokobecher and @erik gooijers - anyone with makey makeys that *have* been sent out but have not arrived need to contact sparkfun directly: customerservice@sparkfun.com.  they have shipping records and the most updated information.  there are any number of reasons that the post office may have returned the item. about 5% seem to have been returned or held up in the post for straightforward reasons. hope this helps! @pogopuschel, @becky, @nicky lewis, @frode (but a little too late perhaps, but it's good to know) and anyone else with high customs charges: negotiate with your customs office. you have a right to lower charges than that, no question.  print off the kickstarter page and show your customs office that your pledge is a donation to a project.  kickstarter is a donation/pledge based platform. your makey makey is a gift in thanks.  also, for non-donation based items customs charges are typically 17% of the value of the item.  if you can't negotiate it away completely, then charges should be reduced.  some people have faced 63% which is definitely not okay! but we are unable to negotiate this on your behalf. this is between the consumer and your national office. @josh, @stephen winter, @nicolás serrano, @bovesh, @joe morris, @slorgz, @yuichi yazaki, @edgardo j. trujillo, @whiler, @job doesburg, @jeremy debattista, @brandon hill, @rebel apotheosis - there are a number of reasons why sparkfun couldn't fulfill your order (or maybe they fulfilled it but it's stuck somewhere in the mail).  that's why i'm working diligently to work with each backer one-on-one to ensure that everyone gets what they need.  for those of you whom i've already been in contact with, i hope you are feeling better.  for those who i haven't been able to reach yet, please email me directly at liz@joylabz.com.  include the email address associated with your kickstarter account and your pledge level.  this helps me work more quickly, and let's us all get to playing sooner than later :) @stephen winter and others who are wondering:  kickstarter backers are definitely a priority, it's the time it is taking to coordinate data on shipments that sparkfun delivered.  as of last week we have complete information, which is good news - but we're having to process shipments manually which takes much longer than our new online store-front.  i certainly wish detailed work like this took no time at all! but that is not the case.  hope this insight helps! @guy naveh good question! i'll ask jay and find out some tricks. @natasha stumbler, @philip norton, @felix burmeister and others who have received their kits - thanks for the good word!  enjoy and create! ::ever working to make sure we fulfill each and every backer::    ::we thank you for your support::
hi, i tried contacting you guys through the site, but have had no luck. i ordered 5 make makeys, and have yet to receive them. i got an email saying they were at my local post office, but when i went there was nothing. the kids who were looking forward to using them in conjunction with school projects, have all but lost their minds on me. please help! i want my makey makeys. thank you.
i just noticed that kickstarter never sent the survey i had filled out. i had it send it now. should i be good or should i also email someone?
october 2nd, today !!!! still no email
seriously guys, this is getting ridiculous. i emailed you and sent messages a couple of times both to you (liz) and sparkfun. still no email replies, no package tracking information, no packet...nothing :(. last two emails i sent were on the 20th of september and a reminder on the 25th of september. this was meant as a present but now it is ruined! i feel that this is very unprofessional and some compensation should be given to us backers who haven't yet received their item as promised.
i bought also a kit and i've paid everything (also international shipping) and filled everything in but i still haven't got my makeymakey. you said i should get it in september
all orders that had the survey filled out early (by august 3rd) and (if needed) international shipping paid before the close of kickstarter were shipped out in the month of august (this was the vast majority of backers). we are extremely happy about this!!! as of september 4th all kits that had a shipping address (aka survey filled) by august 17th and an international shipping payment by august 17th were shipped out. still, however, there were some errors in the system, and a small number of orders were not fulfilled as a result, even if people thought they had filled out the survey. with more than 13,000 kits to ship out, yes there were more than 100 and counting that had one kind of error or another. the most important thing is that we will work to get everyone a makey makey. to those who say liz didn't answer them she will email you by october 2nd. to everyone who already received their kits, thank you very much for your kind comments privately and publicly. your overwhelming support and gratitude has energized us. to those who didn't yet receive their kit for any reason (usps miss delivery, database error, int'l shipping payment problem, unrecognizable shipping address, simply a human mistake on our part, or any of a number of other reasons), we're really, really sorry ): we will keep working on it, and we will get you your kit. extra special thanks to those who didn't receive their kit yet, but have still been sending us encouraging words and generally being patient. we will work until every last detail is covered! yours, jay silver
i have paid the kit and the international shipping and i still haven't gotten mine and it's almost october.
i got my kit today! oh my god, this is so much fun, and i haven't even really done anything with it so far.
i would like to know if all kits from 11,124 shipped? i still haven't gotten mine and it's almost october.  i'm waiting for it.  :(
>> still not got mine, and also sent email to liz who has not responded. i didn't get any response from liz either. it's been a full week since i wrote to her.
got mine today(uk) 13 days after ship notification . works a treat. kids want to turn everything into a project ... cheers jay.
i still haven't gotten mine and it's almost october.
sent a email to jay silver more than a week ago and still haven't gotten a response. starting to get a little ticked off about this.
hi jay, still not got mine, and also sent email to liz who has not responded. what is the update please.  of the 11,124 backers, how many of us are still waiting for it?  would be helpful to know that it is being worked through, right now, it is just words on the comment page. thanks.
i still haven't gotten mine :(
hey i got mine today, thank you first of all. i didn't like that the a,s,d,f,g keys are too close to each other the alligators touch each other all the time and it's a mess... do you have any tips about how can it be attached better?
@erik gooijers same here, tracking number is expired and last state was "your shipment was accepted/picked" nothing else... i know usps tracking sucks but i have no way to know if my makey makey ever arrives. kinda sucks hard.
:( anything here, zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
i haven't received anything, yet it appears these things are in stock and on sale directly from their website.  surely fulfilling the orders for the people that supported the kickstart should be a priority?
it has been 1 month and 2 days since my package was shipped from sparkfun (with the shipping information i had to provide at this site) still nothing received... normally should only take 2/3 weeks. maximum. what's up?
almost end of sept still no email.... getting worried. i better get a refund if it doent come
@pogopuschel that's a shame, hope mine gets here soon. i'm getting a bit jealous :-/
here it is! plug and play. easy and funny. my favorite game is bomberman. (http://playit.ch/multiplayer-spiele/bomberman) thanks!
@ ron meyer &schokobecher: received mine about one or two weeks ago. but beware the customs duty.
does anyone know if the usps tracking info is in any way accurate? my makey mykes seems to be stuck in  boulder, co for quite some time now.
thanks to those who are helping each other find resources and answer questions - that is awesome!  we appreciate it. @slorgz, @ankur vohra, @jeremy debattista, @james deadman, for those who have not received a shipping notification from sparkfun, there may have been a problem with your order, but we’re happy to help you figure it out. please email liz (liz@joylabz.com) and provide her with the following information: -- the pledge level that you provided payment for -- the email address is associated with your kickstarter pledge she'll be working this week to coordinate missed shipments, and she will be in touch with details about how we can get your makey makey to you. thanks! be stoked!
hi, i still have not received my makey makey and i was one of the initial backers. can i please have a refund if this is not going to be sent out. james
hi, i already asked about what happened to my package. from your comment @jay silver, all shipments have been done but i have not received any email notification from sparkfun. i find it really unfair that after i backed for this interesting project, i have to persistently ask for my package to be delivered. i intend to contact kick starter as well about this problem.
hi, when will i receive my makey makey??? i paid around 3 months ago. regards from singapore.
@ron meyer not yet sparkfun states: order status: shipped 2012-08-29 shipping method: usps first-class mail international package your item's status your shipment was accepted/picked up at 3:43 pm on august 29, 2012 in boulder, co 80301 . so i guess mine is on the way :-)
hi i haven't received anything in the post or received a email from sparkfun.
just received the makey makey :) one downside... import tax 20 euro....
@syira: did you try the doodles for the summergames in london?  (http://www.google.com/doodles/hurdles-2012)
does anyone know any games where you have to rapidly press two buttons to move?
@hey jeong kim, @dag geisler, @ron meyer we’re sorry to hear that you haven’t received your makey makey yet.  since sparkfun has completed shipment of all orders for which we had the necessary information, there may have been a problem with your order.  but we’re definitely happy to help you figure it out. please email liz (liz@joylabz.com) and provide her with the following information: -- the pledge level that you provided payment for -- the email address is associated with your kickstarter pledge thanks!
hi, did someone from germany already revived a deluxe kit? im waiting for mine till now. greetings
dear jay, nothing arrived, no emails from sparkfun ... what happens to my order ??? please check.... cheers dag
hi, how can i trace my makey makey? i still did not receive my makeymakey.
@nicky lewis: same here. card put through from post office saying i have to pay £20 in customs and royal mail charges. i probably would have thought twice about buying if i knew i had to pay that to. puts the price up a lot, bit disappointing.
for all of you who are worried yours isn't coming, i ordered mine on time and it is coming tomorrow. sooooo excited. i have an idea: you know those games where you press the left and right arrow keys as fast as you can to run and press up arrow to jump? tape 2 tinfoil pieces to the floor and connect one to the left arrow and one to the right. take a circle of cardboard, scribble over it in pencil and connect it to the up arrow key with a long wire. then connect yourself. you will actually be running!!!!!
@steven - so so so happy to hear!  big smiles  :) :)
hi guys - our makeymakey arrived last weekend and we've had loads of fun with it. my 4 year old and 2 year old just love it.  you've delivered a brilliant project. thanks!
@pedro costa neves & @herbert mascarenhas - hey guys.  they should be on their way soon.  sparkfun will be completing shipment of kickstarter makey makeys by the end of this week.  if you have not received an email notification from sparkfun by monday, september 17th there may be something incomplete regarding your pledge status or shipping information.  you can email liz (liz@joylabz.com) next week if you have not heard from sparkfun directly by that date. @khazmin jumain - rock on!  glad to hear you got off to an easy start.  keep rolling with it and post some videos of your progress!
do you have any perspective of shippings to brazil? :s
guys, i just received my makey makey yesterday and i brought it to the office today. and even with minimal technical knowledge and simple set up out of the box, we had a ton of fun playing drums with coins and tapping on each other. it's great really! the next step is to figure out what else we can do with this. but i'm passing a set to my friend's children for them to experiment with. i hope everyone gets to enjoy with their kits.
jay, how can i check if my makey has already been sent to me?
@alberto - sorry to hear about the technical difficulties.  there are been rare issues with the devices, though most work well.  please contact sparkfun technical support with your issue and include your order number: customerservice@sparkfun.com @frode - bad luck indeed!  so sorry to hear that.  i wish there was something we could do...
when i backed this project i backed it because it was below the limit for customs in norway (200 nok)... turns out that the usd has increased in value since then, so now 35 usd = 201 nok.... so 0.5% above the limit to pay customs.... then i needed to pay 180 nok extra.... (almost twice the price!!!) what a bad timing for the shipment :-(
i got mine today, sadly it doesnt turn on when plugged in :/ no light, nothing
got a letter saying i need to pay £20 customs. thanks.
@saltybrains - awesome!  we wish you maximally creative and fun explorations! @arinovski - sparkfun will be completing shipment of kickstarter makey makeys by the end of this week.  if you have not received an email notification from sparkfun by monday, september 17th there may be something incomplete regarding your pledge status or shipping information.  you can email liz (liz@joylabz.com) next week if you have not heard from sparkfun directly by that date.
i didn't still have my makeymakey.(turkey) my survey sent: 07/12/12 (i'm not sure it's relevant or not.) when should i start to worry about having my makeymakey due to shipping or customs? when will you finish sending all the makeymakey's of all the backers? can i get a delivery tracking number if i request from you?
i got my makeymakey (to europe) .. awesome guys! i love to see the promise delivered!, this really solidifies the whole kickstarter concept for me ... brilliant! loving it! :)
@matt - makey makey's are on their way.  we promise. sparkfun will be completing shipment of kickstarter makey makeys by the end of this week.  if you have not received an email notification from sparkfun by monday, september 17th there may be something incomplete regarding your pledge status or shipping information.  you can email liz (liz@joylabz.com) next week if you have not heard from sparkfun directly by that date.
is this make make ever gonna come. when???
makey makey was mentioned on the register on friday - given how sarky they can be about something they don't like, this is a very positive report: http://www.theregister.co.uk/2012/09/07/makey_makey/
got mine on thursday!  keep checking your mailboxes folks.  cant wait to setup my guitar makey.
got it!!! already played drums on my brother's forehead! thank tou!
@jay silver, sad to hear that i wasn't in the list. nevertheless, just emailed you! looking forward to it!
@michel lavin - hi there!  please check out the posts below, they provide many updates about the status of the project.  we have worked hard to let everyone know that shipping as spanned both august and september.  keep an eye on your inbox for an email from sparkfun.  they will be providing the shipping notifications when your package is on its way!
here from chile, still waiting to know when the makey makey is going to arrive to my home.  i hope that at least i get an email saying what´s up?
(posted by makey makey helper: liz!) @jjinmandoo, @philippe tuillet, @joe morris, @guglielmo pizzoccaro, @boveah, @ josh -  we are rolling out shipments as fast as we can, and you should be receiving an email when your order is being prepared for shipment any time between now and the end of september.  sparkfun's progress was posted in our latest update #11, which you can find at the following link http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/joylabs/makey-makey-an-invention-kit-for-everyone/posts. @marzsman and @cameron - sorry to hear about this!  we have no control over international duty fees, however much we wish it otherwise.  hope this does not hinder your happiness in the long-run!! @edwin lim - hi edwin, i can't find any record of a pledge using your name… :(  can you email me at liz@joylabz.com and let me know the email address you used and the pledge amount you contributed to?  thanks! @chris kelly - sweet!  glad you got it sorted. @draloreshimare - oh no! can you email me at liz@joylabz.com and let me know more about this.  i will need your email address and pledge level in order to look into it.  thanks! thanks to everyone who is playing and creating!  we appreciate you!
got it!  seems i had some general windows updates that needed adding.
got mine today...  however..  i can't get my windows 7 machines to correctly see it - driver software was not successfully installed :(
today the mailwoman delivered  me a nice red package with inside a nice red box.....with inside a great idea became reality..... jay and eric  thank you ! greeting from italy the arduino's country ;)
got mine today in chicago, il.  nice packaging from sparkfun.  can't wait to make my kids' head spin with all the fun.  such a great idea.  i made your drawdio paint brush for them too and they had a blast.  when are you guys going to next-gen turbo-charge that one?  so many possibilities.  thanks for the makey makey.
still havent gotten mine yet im in canada when will it come
got mine today, took it out of the box and was playing in 3 minutes..very fun thank you
mine has kinda arrived. i need to pay £15 customs. not happy. can't wait for it though! =)
canadian backer here, still have not gotten it :( any chance of a shipping estimate?
i just saw this new old spice commercial and thought of your great idea: http://youtu.be/yz15vcguvh0 have not had time to play with mine yet, but can't wait!
i received mine today. this was well-packaged and it is very easy to use, this is exactly what i expected congrats to the team and keep un the good work !
i'm from singapore, i've yet to receive my makey makey, amount has not been deducted from my account too. something went wrong?
hi! writing from italy! i still didn't receive my makey makey! is there a possibility to know if it has been shipped and if it is on his way?? thank you, really looking forward to have it!
yay got mine today. thanks, now where is the best place to head next to program and play?
received my makey makey today, which is  awesome! :d had to pay € 25 customs duty extra which is not so awesome :(
still not got it.
i guess the mailman decided i didn't deserve mine, because it's marked as delivered but i never received it. :( this sucks. is there anything i can do?
i didn't received any email ... :-( all seemed fine and international shipping fees were paid (order #3294).  what happens?
thanks jay ;)
i can't wait anymore :(  i paid 70$ + international shipping 15$.  but i got no mail yet. how can i check mine ?
(posted by makey makey assistant: liz!) @4r and @keir -- we'll continue to post updates as we go along, always through kickstarter updates.  we will definitely give a shout out to let everyone know that the last shipments have gone out & to give a big thank you to our supporters.  stay tuned, and yours will arrive soon. @jim walsh -- ya it's true that bare feet will sometimes make a connection the the ground if there is any humidity  or conductive substance in the ground. really fascinating to see that entire buildings or trees from one leaf through the roots into the root system of another tree out to the other branch can conduct some electricity. (: now you don't have to add the earth wire (or you can put shoes on to counteract the effect) @bellet damien -- the best tutorial on this topic at the moment is at the sparkfun site here http://www.sparkfun.com/tutorials/388
please let us know when all have shipped, then i can let you know if mine didn't make it.  thanks
have they all shipped yet ? in the uk and no shipping no from sparkfun so i cant find out where it is !!
i got my kit today...after realizing the mailman put the package in my neighbor's mailbox! anyway, i'm working on making substitute video game controllers, but items made from organic materials such as sharpie ink don't work with the makey makey at all. i'm learning about materials already!
got my 2 deluxe kits here in germany!! thanks a bunch :-)
(posted by makey makey helper: liz!) hooray for all of those who received their kits! happy makey makey making!  please keep us posted on all the things you discover, make new, and make different. @chris - can you email me at liz@joylabz.com with more information about your account (i.e. full name or email address associated with your kickstarter account)? it will help me help you better! @syira - that depends on your local post-office/delivery system & the particular building where you have it being sent (your home? apartment? office? school?).  check with your local handlers to see how they handle packages in the event you are not present when it arrives.  sparkfun has chosen to work with usps which does not provide tracking numbers overseas.  thank you for your faith in the process! @alfie - thanks for asking! and @philip norton - thanks for helping share the knowledge!  for others experimenting in this way, you can look into a tutorial posted by sparkfun which can help you customize your makey makey: http://www.sparkfun.com/tutorials/388 @carl schodde - soon!  your patience is sincerely appreciated, for reals! @jim walsh and @bellet damien - stay tuned, i'm gathering info to help you out with that… @l.h. chua - we thank you for your patience, and are working hard to answer everyone inquiries while we also work hard to get the product itself shipped promptly.  you can email me (liz) directly at liz@joylabz.com if the issue has not been answered by one of our updates and the issue is pressing!
how can you track your order after you receive the email because some people are saying you can track your order ut i can't find anything telling me how :)
i send a couple of emails regarding my shipment. could anyone please respond? thanks!
yay i got mine today!
how conect the makeymakey in arduino mode on the arduino software ?
i received my makey makey last night from sparkfun. i'll probably mess with it this weekend, i've got a 5 day weekend coming up.
mine still hasn't been shipped :-(
its here!!!! :d
just received my makey! thank you so much! now i can make the baloon slapper game i've always wanted to do ^.^
*twitch* where are you? hehehehehe... i'm serious, the wait is going to drive me insane. of all days to be late, why today!?
... augh. mailman. hurry up. please.
waiting for the mailman! where is he!? ;_;  suspense... killing me!
@alfie - pleasure.
it's arrived to france !!!
@philip norton thanks to your comment and i managed to customised wasdfg and mouse buttons in makey makey to other keys using glovepie. brilliant!!
makey makey only has w a s d f g key?? how do i assign to other keys in a keyboard?
what happens if we are out when the package is delivered? will it go to the post office and we have to collect it?
received my deluxe 2 pack in singapore. thanks jay!!!
bananas will be safe, don't worry. but peaches...i don't know...
it's coming tomorrow! :d i can hardly stand it!
mine arrived today!  i'll be sure to banana responsibly.  thanks!
jay, could you check that my details got processed. the joylabz invoice went thru on the 8/6//12 and the billing address was correct? cheers chris
it's arrived!!!! to turkey... i'm try to my desktop to night :) thanks
mine just arrived a minute ago. shipping to the uk.
yay, just got the email!!
damn... this building must be well grounded.  if i step on my carpet, it completes the ckt without me touching the earth ground on the makeymakey.
(posted by makey makey assistant: liz!) @luis francisco baroni coutinho - we're doing our best to fulfill shipment as fast as we can.  you will receive an email from sparkfun notifying you when your shipment is being fulfilled, and when it is shipped out.  thanks for your patience! @kirk lindsay - yay! @dag geisler - your information is complete, so your makey makey will ship.  we have thousands of kits to ship and are doing our best to get them out as soon as we can! @niall byrne, @chris, @syira - we do not have a way to track that status of your kit prior to the notification from sparkfun which you will receive in your email.  please keep an eye out! and make sure your information is complete: review the steps in update #10: http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/joylabs/makey-makey-an-invention-kit-for-everyone/posts/280890 @sean o'connell - that's awesome!!  thanks for sharing makey makey with portsmouth!!
is there a way to track my order i know that you are trying super hard to get our orders to us but it would be nice to track my order! thanks :)
is there any way of tracking international shipments? filled the form in, paid the intl shipping costs, but seen nothing by way of shipping notification?
i just had my makey makey at the open house for port city makerspace. i did a play-doh buttons arcade version of space invaders off my laptop. people really enjoyed it and asked all kinds of questions on how can they use it for projects and where can i get one. big success!
hi jay, i haven't received any information either about my shipment (deluxe workshop). i  ordered and paid on 1st june and also filled out the survey. how can i check the status of my order? thanks, niall
dear jay, still got no information on my shipping i backed on the 17th of may  i have filled out the survey on the 12th of july and i have payed for the int. shipping ( 10 usd at that moment later you have changed to 15 usd) so can you check if my order is lost, evaporated or did the mails got lost ? thanks a lot dag
i can't wait for mine! 3 days left!!! :d
how i know when my makey makey is shipped? it seems that is taking ages to get shipped as i didnt receive any shipment status until now :(
thank you :)
(posted by makey makey assistant: liz!) @leo lam - i replied to your message, so check for your answers there. @brian holme - there is no software needed.  check out our how-to page for details! www.makeymakey.com/howto.php
@syira -- we aren't shipping country by country. while there's no exact formula, our intention was to ship in the order that we received backing, with the exception that people who hadn't filled out their survey or paid int'l shipping by the time we started our first batch would get taken care of in the second batch. while this system may not be perfect, it is the closest we could come to in our attempt to be fair, prompt, and sane.
i haven't got the email either :(
have you started shipping to the uk yet? thanks!
@miranda -- haha you are awesome.  can you make a little playdoh fingertip attachment by smushing it onto your finger tip and then trying that with the pencil graphite? graphite it finnicky anyways and you definitely have to be careful how you lay down the graphite. you need a smooth drawing surface, like smooth wood, a clipboard, smooth glass/plastic desk, etc. then you need to use a slightly heavier than average pressure on the pencil as you draw the interface and a slightly slower than average speed as you draw. go over your lines more than once to make them dark (like when you bubble in a scan tron on a multiple choice test (by the way don't take multiple choice tests they fry your brain)). i would really love this to work for you. if everything else fails you or i will have to make a special "miranda glove" which would just be a conductive material or conductive thread-spiked glove that you could clip onto and then everything should work fine. (: @everyone -- other answers coming soon.... thanks for your patience
where do we get the software for the kits or are they just plug and play?
those methods would definitely work, in fact i just stepped off a hot shower and tried it, it worked for about 30 seconds until my hands got dry again. i guess you're right about the conductive properties of water vs oil, i just wrongfully assumed it was the oil part instead of the water part. what matters in the end is that my skin is really really dry and i can't get some of the stuff to work because of it. for example i was really stoked to try out the pencil led controller (like what was used to control pac-man in the video), but i just can't get it to work. i guess i could use my tears of disappointment to make the paper all soggy, but it wouldn't be as cool. :'( hehe.. i'm kidding, i guess you can't expect it to work perfectly on everyone. it's ok, i just reallllly realllly wanted to use a paper controller. i guess i'll just have to get more creative. it's a really innovative, fun and well constructed product, i just wanted to vent a little :) can't wait to see what you guys do next! (maybe a conductive glove, lol)
(posted by jay silver) @miranda -- hi miranda. i'm very sorry to hear about the situation you are referring to. in my schema of what works and what doesn't, i normally think of oils as being not conductive, and water as being conductive. i'm surprised to hear of your situation, as i haven't encountered it in person before. i'd like to figure out if there is a way around it. have you already tried simple work arounds like: - connecting the makey makey alligator clip to a piece of playdoh or a wet sponge or a water melon or a cup of water, and then also connecting the makey makey earth/ground to another piece of the same (playdoh etc.), then you touch both pieces of playdoh (or melon or sponge) with your fingers to bridge the connection?
3d print case, stand, attachment, mount or whatever! http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:29071
@syira - not got mine yet... no email either.   :'(
hi liz is there any way to check whether i have paid for the shipping fee?
has anybody in the uk recieved their package yet?
i just got mine but i'm extremely disappointed... i have basically no natural oils in my hands or feet so they are non conductive. i had a friend try it and she could touch the clips and complete the circuit no problem, but no matter what i did... even if i wet my fingers i couldn't get the circuit to close. :'(
wow!! i got my deluxe kit today, thank you very much. now i have to go play with it :-)
(posted by makey makey assistant: liz!) @paul rosenzweig - if you can sit tight i'll inquire and see what i can find out for you.  stay tuned! (and feel free to email me at liz@joylabz.com with similar inquiries, so i can be sure to respond sooner than later - thanks paul!)
(posted by makey makey assistant: liz!) hi everyone! my name is liz and i'm here to help jay reply to your questions while the team works to get the makey makeys shipped out promptly (so exciting!). first, hooray!! and a big thank you to those who have already received their kits. please stay in touch and share what you create with us. for those who are still waiting, we value your patience and can rest assured that we're working hard to maintain our deadlines. here is detailed description of the shipping process: we are conducting two rounds of shipping through sparkfun, and it is sparkfun who will email you to give notice if your makey makey will be shipped in the most recent round.  if you have not received an email yet, please keep an eye out for a notice from sparkfun in the near future.  all notifications should be sent out by the middle of september. finally, not all packages are guaranteed to include a tracking code.  a second sparkfun email with the specific ship date will list one if a tracking code is possible for your location. looking forward to the future! liz
my deluxe 2 pack has landed in sydney australia this morning, i think this is one of the very few ks projects that has managed to deliver in the timeframe on the original project - kudos!
dear jay, can you give to all of us a short overview of the shipment state. all so i have ordered it relative early i did not get any input from sparkfun... i would be helpfull to have a shedule if you have backed this project till your shipment will be done until... so if any thing will hang the people don't have to wait until sparkfun hast shipped out everything. especially for the international backers with the longer transport and (may be) time at custom ..... thanks a lot dag
i'm in the same situation as jeremy debattista. backed the project with international shipping but i'm unable to track it from sparkfun ; i can access the page but no information about the shipping is here.
got mine in the mail today. i was hoping to use it for control and meta keys, but looks like i need to recompile to do that. is the source code available yet?
i have backed this project and also paid for shipping. i have not received the product nor an email from sparkfun with tracking details as other backers are saying. can you please shed light on this?
just got my makey makey in today, i love it! it's honestly the most fun i've had all week. thanks!
got my makey makey! let the fun begin!
i just got mine in the mail today.
i emailed a sparkfun customer service person, a maya kleinbort, and he/she said that mine will be shipped at the begining of next week. (that being the week of june 19th.) he/she was also very fast with replies and was very helpful, so don't be afraid to email sparkfun if you don't get a shipping-notification email in the next week.
jay, i got mine today and am taking them to a school for orphans in a slum in kenya called kibera. thanks a million, they are going to love them!!!!
@pedro did you check your email? more info should be in an email from sparkfun electronics. check your spam folder!
where is my makey makey? :(
i just got mine!  love it!  thanks guys and continued good luck!
you could try glovepie.  you can remap a keyboard quite simply with this.... for example the command  w=swallow(t) makes the t key produce a keyboard stroke of w you can also use glovepie to read mouse movements and buttons and convert to keyboard entry.. so left mouse button could be converted to send a 0 to the pc etc etc. sure there are other ways to do this and there is mention of a way to reconfigure the makey makey.
i got it today. so am i correct that the letters wasdfg are the only letter inputs? if i use both of my makey makey could i have 12 different letters? how is this video done bananamaphone - beau silver http://www.youtube.com/watch…
spark fun had sent a email with a acount of sparkfun were you can track your makey makey
hi, where cani find the tracking number for shipments?
are we (they) there (here) yet?
when they shipping to us?
@jay silver first of all: thx for making this awesome product! cant wait to get my hands on my ordered makey makeys. how are the shipments prioritized? i am from denmark in europe, and i payed the shipping costs pretty late. it would make sense to ship my makeys late... or do you just send them randomly?
i got a shipment notification email from sparkfun today. it came with a ups tracking number. it is being sent via ups surepost. the package has not been picked up yet, just the label created.
@kirk thanks
*@diego
@ deigo check your local radioshack or buy them online at sparkfun.com
did anyone get their's yet?
a question i buyed the normal kit but i want also to use the back part were can i get jumper wires
has any body get the makey makey
makey makey
has anybody got the make make yet
i can't wait!
@quentin -- i have not received any official word of a package actually hitting the air yet, but i do know that it has been on the edge of happening yesterday and today. just dotting all i's and crossing all t's.
so has anyone received the package ?
i'm new to this stuff so whats a config file to change what some of the parts on the makey makey do
@joss you can lookup your pledges here: https://www.kickstarter.com/profile/transactions
hi, cant remember if i included my international shipping or not. is there a way i can check? cheers
thanks jean! apparently i did fill out the survey already :)
i've received a few questions about update #10 that i'd like to address quickly: you do not need to pay for international shipping again if you've already paid with your kickstarter pledge. anyone who lives outside the usa has to pay international shipping (yes that includes canada and mexico). thanks for your patience with this weird quirk of using kickstarter. u r awsome. b stoked!
i think that what jean-francois gagnon has said is exactly correct. if you go to the makey makey project page, on the right hand side it will say you selected... ...then the whole reward area will be highlighted in green, then: survey sent: xx/xx/xx • your response the "your response" will be a blue link that will show your survey response (if you have filled out the survey)
@brandon and @scott -> for the survey look at the right of this page, theres all pledge. on the "you selected" pledge description you shall see a link to the survey (for me i see est. delivery: aug 2012 survey sent: 07/12/12 • your response <-link)
i can not find the survey anywhere. i do not remember filling one out or ever seeing one, and i do not want to miss out on the makey makey. please advise!
survey? i don't remember a survey, but i know i paid. how do i check?
to all people who want to pay international shipping, you have 2 weeks, deadline is august 17th please see this update if you haven't already. it has all the details. http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/joylabs/makey-makey-an-invention-kit-for-everyone/posts/280890 go to  http://joylabz.myshopify.com/products/international-shipping-for-makey-makey to put in your international shipping payment to all people who haven't filled out your survey yet, you have 1 week left, deadline is august 12th all surveys were sent out by july 12th. if you think you might have missed the survey email, please log in to your kickstarter account  http://kickstarter.com to check — you’ll see a notification at the top of the site for any missed surveys.
a question culd te makey makey work with things like a ps3
question with the ouya coming out how hard would it be for you guys to make an interface that works with android 4.0 i would like to have some way to get the makey to work with it
we will receive our makey in less than a month, can't wait for it !
hi, i by mistakly swapped my province with my city in the survey :( how can i fix this, or re-do the survey, or just give you them swapped around properly?
@quentin pretty busy. here's your mini-update. everything is on schedule as far as i know!
can't wait for another update ! you guys musst be very busy
@alexander this is a fantastic question. thanks for throwing in philip. the full answer to your question might take up 10 pages. so let me start with a basic answer, and you can ask for more details as needed. basic difference: makey makey plugs in usb and then you start alligator clipping to stuff and inventing. arduino leonardo can mimmick makey makey, but will  - look different (no visual controller-like design, no alligator clip holes to attach onto),  - require you to download a sketch on to the board,  - require you to install drivers and  - require you to connect six to eighteen 22 mohm pullup resistors before you can begin inventing. makey makey also comes with a mini usb cable and 7 alligator clips. with arduino you need to separately buy the resitors, usb cable, probably a breadboard, probably some jumper wires, and some alligator clips. one purchase is not better than the other. it just depends what you want. makey makey can act like an arduino for many purposes, but arduino is better and what you should buy if you want to do arduino'ish things. arduino can act like makey makey for many purposes, but makey makey is what you should buy if you want to do makey makey'ish things. they are both priced appropriately, and i doubt you will save money by buying one over the other. it just depends what you want to do with it.
project update plz ! cant wait for my makey makey in the mail ! :)
i am no expert or associated other than being a backer but from the looking at the leonardo details page it appears to me that there is much more involved to get the keyboard and mouse functionality compared to the plug and play ability of the makey makey. you can see full details of it on the arduino website. there are probably loads more differences that the experts here will point out ... but the plug and play one is the one that makes the makey makey my choice.
hi, i just saw an article on engadget about the new arduino leonardo board. they say that the board can " imitate all sorts of accessories (such as keyboards and mice)" and also comes in a version with headers so that no soldering is required. also, it is going to cost between 22and 25$. i was wandering whether you could give a makey vs. leonardo comparison so that people like me who have no particular ee skills can better understand the add-on value of a makey. the article and video on the eduardo board create the impression that that board can do the same stuff that a makey can do.  i personally imagine that a makey makey is more forgiving concerning the voltage range of stuff wired to it a.s.o. but this is only guesswork. i think it might be useful not only to me but also to other customers to know what makes a makey special with regard to products like the leonardo board. many thanks sascha
alright, thanx for answering the question about additional shipping cost. i can´t wait to play with makey makey :)
faq is now updated to reflect our international shipping plan.
@everyone who wants to pay international shipping. after surveys are completed and analyzed, we will figure out who owes international shipping. we will then (this is the plan but details to be exactly determined) open up a special item you can buy through our store called "shipping" and send out an announcement about it. please understand that this is only the current plan, subject to change if we can't get it to work.
i also forgot to add the $10 for international shipping. what's the easiest way to solve this problem ? thanks
the faq for adding additional funding for international shipping seem to be wrong. the faq for kickstarter backers is "visit the project page and click “manage your pledge.”   enter a new amount in the pledge amount box. note that you are not adding to your existing pledge; the amount you enter will be the total amount collected if the project is successfully funded." but as you can see this is pre successful funding. so we can't do it this way.
i still cant find the manage your pledge button, help please!!!!
i paid 70$ for two packs, and need international shipping. now i have to pay 15$ more,  so i read faq but i can't find 'manage your pledge' button. how can i do ?
survey done.
i moved from us to europe, how can i change my shipping address and pay you the shipping fee? jay?.. thanks..
i have got the same shipping issue, also forgot to add the $15 for international shipping.. jay, what's the best way to solve this? thanks.
just filled out the survey can't wait!
surveys should now be out. please fill them out in the next week.
.... i have the same problem as andreas ...
...no, i cannot add something when the funding is over :(
yeah, but where? can i just add it here on the project page? well, did not think about that yet...
how to add 10$ for shipping ? ty:)
i think i forgot to add the 10$ for shipping (to austria)...and i already filled in the survey. what shall i do?
@jay thank you for your hard work :-)
gimmmiiiiiiee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@keir surveys had a delay going out. we're getting them out absolutely asap. @everyone else thanks for the kind words.  (: it really has a positive effect on us.
hi jay - thanks for the update. congratulations on getting the first batch ready so quick. keep up the good work and i hope this product gives you the start you need to make more interesting products.
not just you, unfortunately.
good to know theyre in production but you said something about surveys and being sent in a few minutes yesterday but i havent got a survey is that just me or am i impatient ?? good work :)
congratulations and thank you for the update.  my kids are very excited to received their kits. more power to you all.
excellent progress! and thanks for the update. please do not over work yourselves i know my makey makey will arrive as soon as possible. i am excited to get mine and have some fun with the grandson, i know he will have lots of fun.
thanks for the update and to reassure people. can't wait for mine too, but i appreciate that you take time to finish the job in a appropriate quality with this overwhelming feedback.
@dawid our estimated ship date was and is august. however, because we received more than 2000% funding, we cannot guarantee to meet this ship date. right now we are on schedule to ship the majority of orders in august. but please understand that there are many potential causes for slippage in the delivery date of the 13,000 or so kits. @phillip after the surveys come back in we plan to give people an option to pay for international shipping if they haven't already @maik we're stoked! @erik thanks! yes! it's true. it's 5am on a saturday where i am right now. we are giving it everything we've got. surveys will go out any second now. @hal thanks! everyone who visited the booth at maker faire gave us so much positive energy. we left with more energy than we started with even though we were working all day in the sun. @diego survey will go out momentarily. it's best to send the survey as close to the ship date as possible. well, if things go right, first ship dates are coming up, so now we're sending the survey. the reason to wait so long to send the survey is that people change their shipping address (like when they move) so the closer the survey is to ship date the more people get the makey makey sent to the right address. @schokobecher we understand! we want to just send them out right away. we will send them as soon as they exist. @guy we will ship yours to israel if you put that address in the survey. sparkfun is doing the shipping, and i believe they ship to israel. you can confirm with their customer service if you really think it's necessary. @jean-francois yes!!! you are right to ask for this. we have an update ready! yay! we'll send it out!
project updates ! wheres the production ! how everything going on ! tell us more !! :)
>is the shipping on amazon's responsibility anyway?  nope. amazon just does the transaction
does anybody know if there's an international shipping to israel? i've heard that amazon ships to israel only books and cd's... is that true? is the shipping on amazon's responsibility anyway?
well you can keep your promise, don't worry :-)
any news on us paying the international shipping that we missed? i promised the makey makey to my son.....
the funding ended on june 12th. amazon gives the money out a month later, that's july 12th. then they order 12000 units and 60 to 90 days later they have the final design. then they build them and ship from china which takes a month. maybe we'll get these by christmas!  merry christmas all!!!
i love this waiting game. gives me a chance to back 90 other people and then every week i get a new item that i have backed! :)
i would not expect the surveys to be sent out until they are ready to ship - which won't be until august if they manage to make their estimated delivery date - otherwise they will have to start dealing with people changing address.
oh god i hate this waiting game :(
jay when the project was bked amazon payments teled me that the pay cudent be made but then after the project was funed they told me to re make the payment i do it and it had had sucses. is there a problem with that?
jay you havent send the survay when is it coming
you guys were awesome at makers faire (ca) ... happy to back the project.
they still even need to send out the surveys. but let's wait patiently. those guys are probably giving everything to make this work :d.
i ordered mine in may and they said its coming in august
i can't wait for makey makey:-) so we have some many boring workshops and endless slideshows, so please let me end this:-)
other projects offer paypal- just simply saying international shipping cost and linking your name with the name on amazon and adress.
i'm in the same position as stan - i.e. i need to pay for international shipping. other projects have found a solution.... sure you can.
august is the estimated delivery date. look under the pledge levels on the right it tells you the estimate.
it's been a long time since i paid, but i didn't receive any package - when am i supposed to receive one??
okay :(
@stan if you didn't already pay for international shipping through kickstarter, we are trying to find a solution to let you pay after the fact.
how to pay for international shipping??
@quentin yes we will send out a survey asking for shipping address, etc. @juelz soon, if i had to guess, 1 week @fernando you haven't set it yet. you can specify it in the survey coming soon @jeremy & stacato we are still finding a solution for people who didn't pay international shipping. @guy the target date always has been and still is august. some could ship sooner, some could ship later. but we do have that as a target date (not as a guarantee though). right now we are on track to meet an august ship date for the vast majority of people.
i heard back from amazon regarding the issue of not being able to top on 10$ for the international shipping.  since the transaction has already been processed, there is no way to add the additional 10$. what can, obviously quite a few of us, do to get those additional 10$ to you? greetz
when do we get it?
hi, are you going to sell the makey makey at the scratch@mit conference, boston in july?
hi, i don't know if this was asked already. i have backed the project but when i paid, i could not add the extra shipping costs and shipping address. can you please tell me how i shall proceed please? thanks
how can i change my shipping address
when will we receive the survey email?
so now the project is funded, what must we do now ? are you going to e-mail later so that we can give you the shipping adress ? ^^
@erik according to kickstarter team who i just talked to about your issue: if your pledge has been declined, log in to kickstarter and click the “fix payment” button in the “action needed” system message on the top of your screen. it will send you to amazon, where you can review your payment method. here are things to look into: 1. check that you entered a valid credit card number and the correct expiration date (and make sure it's not expired) 2. confirm that your billing address and phone number are correct 3. make sure you haven't exceeded the credit limit on your card if 1-3 are okay, it’s possible your bank put a hold on the charge. in which case, you'll need to contact your bank to authorize the pledge. if you're still having trouble, you can contact kickstarter support via the contact button in the site's footer and they'll be happy to help you directly. when contacting kickstarter support, it's helpful to include details about what you've already tried to fix your pledge.
@fernando villarreal a  i think we ship everywhere. but since it sounds like you have a special case, please address your question to sparkfun directly through their website since they will be fulfilling the orders from the kickstarter campaign.
payment accepted now. pressed the link given to try the payment again and worked now somehow. although it didn't show the full order anymore. only said payment successfully now. but i guess that is fine :). waiting for my kit now! :d
@dan - indeed! indeed! ;) @erik - i suspect you need to get in touch with amazon, but afaik you have a chance to re-enter your payment details (from the kickstarter faqs, go to https://payments.amazon.com/sdui/sdui/contactussend) @those who haven't added international funding - i'd suggest you get in touch with amazon on the same link above @fernando, afaik unless there is some customs export/import restriction they'll be able to ship to anywhere that you can receive mail. however the kickstarter questionnaire seems to require that you input data into each field, so i suspect you might have to put a n/a response into the postcode field. @jay & eric, really chuffed about this. showed to a colleague at work and he has put in an order - looking to see what we can do with this in terms of assitive tech & "bridging the digital divide". any chance of an update?
congratulations! it's great to see so much support going into this awesome project.  i can't wait to start building!
congratulations! it's great to see so much support going into this awesome project.  i can't wait to start 'making'!
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
payment failed from amazon somehow. no specific reason is given. how come
i have the same question as many: it looks like lots of people have done the same thing as me - glanced over the small print and neglected to add $10 for international shipping. will we be able to add it on later?
someone plz answer
where can you ship, cuz i live in colombia, and we have no postal code
when do we get it
it looks like lots of people have done the same thing as me - glanced over the small print and neglected to add $10 for international shipping. will we be able to add it on later?  it looks like a fantastic project. i simply had to get one after seeing the media lab webcast with amanda palmer. great idea. great product!  thanks :)
hi, i did my pledge for 2 kits, but i don´t know how to pay for additional $15 for international shipping! can someone help me? thanks!
congratulations on the funding.
congratulation guys !
congrats to the funding. :) got my pledge in just last minute.  quick side note. saw it asked a few times.  the additional $10 for international shipping wasn't added on top of the selected pledge.  what to do about that?
well done! very excited for you!
congratulations on your success. on the confirmation email (i pledged for the full kit), it mentioned t-shirt size. i would love to wear a makey makey t-shirt, but this wasn't mentioned in any of the pledge details. where would i be able to order one from? :)
woot! congrats on the successful fundraising!
jay, congratulations on the successful funding. this is a really awesome project and represents the kind of creativity and innovation that inspires us all to create and make.  i understand that you will be working with sparkfun, another favorite of mine. seems like you are cast from the same mold.  best of luck for continued success.
congrats on the success! now that you got 2000% what you ask you think you can make the delux kit gold plated? =)
yay! cannot wait to start inventing! so many ideas bubbling in my head
hooray! nice job everyone!
cant wait to get my makey makey!!! thanks jay- awesome idea!
we are feeling extremely grateful right now. we are very excited to get these boards out to our more than 11,000 backers. whoopee!
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
just increased my pledge to 2 normal kits. wish i could pledge one normal, one deluxe kit!
how should i pledge for a deluxe kit and a normal kit?
alberto: you'll receive a message once ready to ship, where you'll verify the address. jay and eric: thanks from holland, can't wait to play with makey makey!
hi, anybody knows if they are going to ship to the billing address given in amazon or i have to provide it in some other way?
omg i can't wait to get this. so cool, technology is amazing. thanks for being creative and thinking outside of the box.
as a science teacher, this excites me!
just saw brain pong in the nytimes today, http://cityroom.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/06/10/for-this-video-game-no-hands-necessary/… thought it would be amazing to combine it with makey makey. the outcomes could be wild!
@jay how astonishing to watch your project grow from where it was when i pledged (i think around 100k if i recall) to where it is now.  it must truly be rewarding to see the overwhelming response to your too cool invention.  congratulations on this incredible success.  i hope that you continue to develop products that are educational and creatively inspiring.  making technical toys that are accessible and which teach fundamental engineering concepts is something almost no one is doing anymore. (oh how i miss my capsela...)  i hope that many schools have pledged huge amounts for these so that kids in elementary schools everywhere can be using them.  this is a great thing and i thank you for making the world a better place by helping people engage their truest potentials through creativity and invention.  you're awesome!  you deserve this success!
also nice you guys got $0.5mil
@jasper that is how most keyboards are. it will support 6 different keys at same time as previously stated.
@danny yes, if you do the firmware right and break out some huge resistors and hookups for alligator clips. we will post a tutorial on this as soon as we can @patrick you can really get them from anywhere. sparkfun is supplying the first round of orders for us. here's some other options http://copper-tape-google-search.notlong.com http://jumper-wires-google-search.notlong.com or try using paper clips to replace jumper wires and aluminum foil to replace copper tape @mark i am stoked right with you. it's a stoked spiral. we hadn't anticipated just how important this would be to hackcess. we're so happy! @allen we're looking into this but as far as we know nothing will happen yet.
who do you guys get your conductive tape and jumper wires from? i ordered a 5 pack of devices and i'm pretty sure i'm going to need more supplies.
@jay, thanks for your answer. can the same be achieved with a normal adruino leonardo? do i only have to use a specific kind of capacitator, or do i also need to write a extra block of code?
to quote the makey makey makers, i'm stoked...for 25 years i've been using expensive firmware cards or switch adaptors, coupled with software and extensive directions to modify and adapt computers for the needs of people with physical disabilities. it's not so much that this solution is a lot cheaper or easier, but more so it's just fun and open to creative application in ways to motivate the users to functionally interact with technology--bravo, thanks for inadvertently helping the assistive tech field--i'm going to share your creation across all my at listserves... ps, i hope it ships sooner, i really wanted to take the two i ordered and give them to my graduate students this summer to explore with kids...
since this thing is a usb, what happens when we plug it into a ps2, ps3, or even an xbox 360? will we be able to program it in a similar fashion? i'd love to use this thing as an alternative to my deteriorating ddr pads.
@danny the most likely answer to your question is 20 alligator clips and 10 high quality pre-terminated jumper wires. (we are most likely including 10 alligator clips per regular kit and another 10 per deluxe kit, but there's still a small chance it could change)
i am so excited!
my laptop keyboard won't accept more than 2 key presses at once. will my makey makey be subject to the same limitation? basically, is the limitation a property of my keyboard's outputting ability, or my laptop's input ability? in other words, if my computer has this limitation for one keyboard, will it have it for all keyboards?
oops, i pledged for $50 but forgot to add for international shipping.. what do i do now?
how many alligator clips and jumper wires are included in the deluxe kit?
bbc news article about the makey makey: http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-18303012
just increase the pledge by the amount of the shipping it is really simple and no you wont be charged twice as the amount is only deducted from what ever payment you use once the kickstarter ends.
same as christian - how do i pay for the international shipping?  please let me know.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
@fabio varesan so in short no its a much diffrent project. and thanks for the link that looks cool
@fabio varesano  that would be a lot more expensive to implement as there is a whole new detail in the disney project that requires years upon years of research and development of the software alone. makey makey is supposed to be an affordable fun project that is open to makers/hackers to create other things. besides the over head would possibley bankrupt them. and the price per unit would not be reasonable.
also just for any diy/maker. http://www.arrl.org/wedothat-radio-org ham radio is the original makers hobby!!!
@jeremy krieg  you ever try ham radio there are several radios that come as kits that if your son is allowed to use a solder gun might be a good idea. also the test and license is $15.  can talk to people around the world with a good enough antenna go here for practice tests http://www.qrz.com/ht  and here for more information http://www.arrl.org/wedothat-radio-org
how does your work differentiate from touché by disney research? http://www.disneyresearch.com/research/projects/touchechi2012.pdf
@aclockworkapple we have been pouring over the contest entries for a couple days now. we haven't notified anyone of being a winner. i think people will probably find out when it goes public. the hard part is that there are so many good ideas.  unless anyone out there wants to sponsor "everyone wins a makey makey kit" so that we can send boards to everyone who entered?  (: in any case, give us a little more time. thanks for checking in. @cristian see brian's answer, raise your pledge @jeremy i am as excited as you are if that's even possible since it's your son
basically raise your pledge to 45 that is how you add the shipping for the 35$ one
my son loves to mess with eletronics and he is only 12.  he is going to love this product.  i can only imagine what he will come up with.
first time on kickstarter. amazing product! i can't wait to play with it and see it on the market ! how do i pay for the international shipping? should i pledge 10 on top of the 35 pledge or will the shipping cost be added later? right now, i checked out and it only charged my visa 35.  please don't leave one in your shop behind. thanks
have the winners of the contest been notified of their success yet? if so :(
so we have been asked many times, "who did you hire to make your video?" well, we made it completely ourselves. details follow. eric and i did all the filming, lighting, acting, directing, writing, and editing. of course many of our friends pitched in with tons of suggestions and advice without which we wouldn't be who we are much less our video. (see our thankyou page on makeymakey.com) there are also cameos from my wife, son, and cat. we edited it in final cut and shot it on two canon rebels with a 15mm and a 50mm. we lit scenes with either natural light or with 2 normal light bulbs, diffused using paper towels. for voice overs we used the microphone built into the laptop. the jingles at the beginning and end were made in audacity by eric, myself, and my wife. i used photoshop to make the animations of the different parts of the board. i have been making video since i saved up and bought my first camera at 7 years old, and i love it so much. the trick to making a good video is iteration, going over things many times until they are smooth. and letting go of almost all the footage, leaving only a series of "favs".
@eelke that switch was awesome. thanks for posting up.
thanks for featuring the pressure sensitive switch i made at tei. i will order a bunch of kits for my class!
@roger we hope to do an update soon about our manufacturing status. we certainly still plan on shipping starting in august. we will tell you everything we know as soon as we can organize it into something useful.
thanks so much for all the great updates! when can we expect our boards?
@antonio excellent question! short answer: the human can bridge two wires with bare feet to trigger a key press.  long answer: you can make "buttons" or whatever you want to call them, without grounding any humans. this is one of the standard things you can do with makey makey. for example, if you take a traditional "button" (like one you would see on an arcade game) it will usually have two sides to it. if you hook up makey makey earth (which is ground) to one side and one of the keys to the other side of the button, then when you push the button it will trigger a keyboard press. using this same principle, you can setup a button without needing a button. you just take makey makey earth and one of the makey makey keys and put them close together. now if a person touches the two at the same time it triggers a key press. so on the stairs we took earth and each of the home row keys. on each stair we put some conductive tape (like the kind you get in the deluxe kit) along the stair and hooked it to earth. then we took one of the keys ("a" for the first step) and hooked it to some copper tape right next to the the "earth" copper tape. when a person with bare feet stepped on that step it connected "earth" to "a" and triggered the key press. we continued up the stairs for "s" "d" etc. to make it more sensitive we did a grid of earth and "a" on the step, like two forks interlocking. i hope this explanation helps. it's very early in the morning here. @matt the idea was born after playing with drawdio for quite some time. perhaps about 3 years ago, but it's sort of fuzzy, because i (jay) was riding with nathan (of sparkfun) in a van about 4 years ago and i said "if we could sense really large resistances consistently, we could make a really cool invention kit." @stephen that's awesome! i think we should share this in an update or something. let me think about that. @jason water, like any other object that is slightly conductive (or more) will trigger a key press only if it connects "earth" (aka ground) to one of the keys/mouse.  @brian suite @brian absolutely will announce who gets the 10 kits. pouring over the entries right now. one problem: we love them so much. we have been working on this project for so long, and to see these first large set of ideas in the wild is delectable. we are very thankful. @danny the output mode has not been publicly explained yet, but it's true there will be a very easy to use output mode available out-of-the-box. when you trigger a key press, you will also make an output pin go high to 5v (same with a mouse press for a second output pin). this means you can spin a motor on one and light of an led on the other. or if you have a relay you could start controlling blenders and house lights. we will announce this in more detail with diagrams as soon as we can. awesome!! @sander thanks! @matt as fast as we can. maybe thursday? no promises. we are already working around the clock, and i have a 1.5 year old to take care of. thanks for your patience. @jon excellent question. there have been 3 prototypes of the board. the 3rd prototype is the "beta" that a hundred or so people now have in-hand. this version does in fact have 8 keys, and there are 2 blanks under the mouse that do nothing. in the 4th version of the board, which is the release version that we will ship to 10,000+ people, there will be 6 keys on the back, and 6 mouse pins on the back (no more confusing unlabeled mouse pins). there will also be 2 output pins on the top, and the top label will change from "arduino" to "output". we will post an update about this soon. thanks!
thank you for this amazing project. can't wait to get my hands on it. but i am a bit confused. you state several times on the description page that there are 6 keyboard inputs on the back, but there are 8 on the picture (d0-d7, i think, text is a bit small). what am i missing? and what is up with the two blank inputs under mouse controls? will we be able to use them or are they just not connected?
when do you decide the winners for the contest.
i just backed you, good luck all!
first of all, fantastic project! second, don't know if it has been asked before, but i read there is some sort of output mode? because this would be very handy for my future experiments!
@jay silver let us know who wins the 10 makeys for there projects on here when you guys decide would like to know who got them
@matt oh my bad.  but than you should write "makey makey" instead "make make"  :p
@ jay thanks for the 2 kit
@komodo openlab hope you guys get one early so you can develop it before we get ours. will be cool to see what you can make the phones do with it
@greg yea it is good to know it works will make for a nice small computer with controller will also be interesting to see what people do with that combination also.
@ wang i was talking about makey makey when i said it was cool and how long it took to come up with the idea. then on a serpertate topic showed my idea.  :)
i think i found the answer to my own question. as long as the water is not grounded, it won't be registered as touch. can anyone confirm that for me? thanks
hello all inventors! for those backers in the uk, you are more than welcome to sign up and join us at the first makey makey meet-up in london on 14th september! http://makeymakeylondon.eventbrite.com/ more details on the makey forum! thanks, @mrlockyer
anyone know if water touch the "bottom", will it be registered as "touch"?
@matt:  that's your own entry.............
ok, good. someone else has already thought about connecting one of these to a raspberry pi...
makey makey for android, ipad & iphone: http://www.makeymakey.com/forums/index.php…
this make make thing is awesome!  when did  you come up with the idea?  check this out to: http://www.makeymakey.com/forums/index.php…
hi in the official video when you do the piano on stairs there isn't any cable connected to your body and i want to do it in the future. how did you do that?
with the keys that sound very great... and it this file can is set for example the mouse motions for other keys too??
@brian actually we support mouse movement out of the box (on the back of the board, accessible by wire, paperclip, etc.) :))
@brian your wish is our command. we have added a deluxe 2 pack.
@matt see faq (at bottom of http://kck.st/it93ry) @gergo see faq  @alison we are manufacturing and shipping as fast as possible. i don't have specific ship dates for each order number. i'd say you are early to the game, since this is just the beginning.  @ kevin yes @nogard05 let's say your body is grounded to "earth", and you touch an slightly conductive object (say a cat's nose) that is hooked to a mouse motion pin. then as long as you are in contact with the cat's nose the mouse will move in that direction. so just to be clear, mouse movement (in addition to mouse clicks) is a feature of makey makey, and is easy to use immediately out of the box.  @ bellet the shipping charges are what sparkfun charges us to ship, averaged over all nations. try their shipping calculator yourself. if you'd like, you can get the deluxe items separately from a local source and just order the makey makey from us. thanks for backing! @ josh we will soon post many videos of makey makey working "in the wild", but you can already see some, for example hack-a-day (a reputable hacking site) has a review up showing that it works. the truth of it is that before we made it we weren't sure how well it would work. it now works really really well. @nameless yes, you can connect 2 makey makeys. then you can reprogram one of them to use a different set of keys and double the number of keys you have available for a total of 36. @brian actually we support mouse movement out of the box (on the back of the board, accessible by wire, paperclip, etc.) @kirk omg i know!  @matt thanks. @nogard each makey makey can control up to 18 keys at any one time. but as far as key presses go (holding down multiple keys simultaneously) it can only support 6 at one time. that's the same as most standard keyboards. so if you want to hold down 36 keys all at the same time, i don't believe makey makey will support that. if you want to push 36 keys and have them all register within a couple seconds, that will work just fine (with 2 makey makeys, 18 keys with 1 makey makey) @ruben the makey makey supports 18 keys (but you can only hold down 6 of them and have them sent to the computer at any one fraction of a second). this is a limitation of hid communication as far as i know. if anyone knows how to send more than 6 simultaneous key presses using arduino leonardo boot loader, please tell us how, and we will implement it. @josh we hope to ship all makey makeys in august. that's the target date. to be completely transparent, i have never manufactured more than 10,000 widgets before, but i promise to keep you updated with information as it becomes available. @michael at this time i think you'll have to order those items seperately (buy local, save on shipping, or buy sparkfun and support an awesome company) @gergo yes thank you. this is correct about mouse motion. i hope we become most funded, and even more than that i am thankful for being so funded thus far. i'm pretty much bursting with excitement to see what people make with these. @benjamin there are many linux distributions. as far as i know the vast majority of them handle hid input very well. any os that handles hid input should, in principle, be compatible with makey makey. it has worked with every linux os we have tested so far, but we haven't tested nearly all of them. amos blanton recently tested on ubuntu precise pangolin and it worked fine. he also tested with rasperry pi, and it worked. that's the beauty of hid, we didn't do anything extra to make it work with all these os's, it just does. @gergo right now to change which keys are assigned to which pins you change some text in a settings.h file in a very straightforward way. we're trying to make that easier and hope to have announcements soon about modk.it and other simple ways to reassign pins. we haven't published this information yet because it's all still in flux. @josh about 30 seconds before you start inventing some amazing stuff. okay, it should be august, but we'll keep you updated at each step we make.
true true ;) :dd
@gergo tolnai yes i see what you are talking about but i think thats referencing it in arduino mode witch requires some programming and yes there is ways to set the arrow keys to also move the mouse so technically you could but by default it looks like its set to arrows on the keyboard.but like i said i havent seen there software or played with the program i am just going by what i see on the board.  if jay silver would chime in maby he can telll us for a fact witch is correct
ok i wa confused because one email said 2 weeks and the other said august
@josh  youlle get it in august. long wait. but if you enter in the contest forum 2 you can get it in two weeks
@brian holme but then what does motion mean in the description text? (and i think the board shows this too..)
when will mine come if i ordered one yesterday?
this sh*t is amazing.
@gergo tolnai not unless they reach at least $1million  also there is a maximum of 18 per board 6 can be used simultaneously.  and for refrencef you want to get in to coding for it i would suggest to  go here http://www.arduino.cc and look up arduino on google http://lmgtfy.com/…
@gergo tolnai  those are referencing the arrow keys on the keyboard not the mouse movement as they are set to the arrows that you can use alligator clips on. for that you would need to program it to do something other than the default but yes that is correct if you wanted to you could set it to mouse movement.
how much koding is it needed to add support for other keys (letters) adn how much is the maximum?
will it also work with linux distributions?
and guys youre on the route to be on the top of most founded projects here! congrtas!! ;)
guys: it can controll mouse movement too: "ed to via alligator clipping, soldering to the pads, or any other method you can think of. there are another 12 inputs on the back, 6 for keyboard keys, and 6 for mouse motion, which you can" and if you look well the other side of the circuit board, you will see on the rigth side of it mouse controlls (direction, and clicks... )
is the a way to make the $105 for 3 full into a 3 deluxe?
fuck the powlice i'm gettin myself a deluxe kit. i'l just not have lunch for one month =p.
when will i get it if i bought 1 today?
please makey guys make it so theres a 2 pack deluxe kit as others have said they would more than happy to up there pledge to a 2 pack deluxe kit. as i really want a 2 pack without having to make another kickstarter account. thanks
same question as @nogard05 ... can the boards be expanded or daisy-chained so that they support more than 6 keys?
they have stated that one makey board can support 18 keys so if they allow multiple boards then that would be a total of 36 keys for the 2.
i am also looking for the following information: one makey makey can support 6 keys at one time. does it mean that if i connect two makey makeys to a computer, i can control 12 keys, and 3 for 18 keys? i hope it means that, so i can increase my pledge. if it doesn't, why in the photo with maccaroni letters are there 9 letters connected?
as mouse requires x and y axis movement i dont think its refering to that. also like i said if you know how to program for arduino i think you can set them to what ever you want including mouse movement but will require arduino knowledge. beyond that will have to ask the developers as i havent seen the software for it yet.
yes josh of course it works
@brian: thanks a lot for the reply! i meant the mouse movement, not arrow keys. the description said "mouse movement," that's why i was wondering. if the mouse movement can also be controlled, the application would be much more expanded.
oh my god! 1337%!!!!
@nogard it is not mouse movement it is mouse click. how ever if you know how to program for arduino im sure you can set it up for mouse movement. and if you are talking about the arrows its the directional arrows on the keyboard. @ nameless i wonder that also if the software will support 2 or more boards connected at the same time
is it possible to connect two makeys in the same pc?
does it work?
for international shipping *
10$ for 1 kit, ok but 15$ for 1 deluxe kit ... it's expensive ! why ?
i was wondering how the mouse movement will be handled. can i touch something and the mouse will move on the screen?
hey i'm in canada and i pledged $45 for the $35 kit.  will that cover my shipping to canada?
i notice that you ordered the first 5000 boards, and i was late to the party and was around #6700 in line. when will i get a board? and you should call dragon's den! they will love this, and with this much interest you will 'get rich quick'
@komodo openlab will be nice to see that when you get the software to work between them i guess keep us posted on your progress. i guess submit it on there new forums hopefully they will give you one of the 10 kits or contact you and give you some sortive developer kit.
hi! just backed! very nice project deluxe kit for abroad 65$  do you get the shipping address from amazon. or should i write it separately somewhere? greetings from hungary :)
@brian holme in a way, but we are more complementary than similar, the makey presents huge potential for making awesome custom switches for ppl with disabilities (that's our field), but connecting to smartphones will require extra work. luckily, we know exactly how to do this (and we are open source too). we'll put together a makey2mobile kit as soon as we get our board and/or the team shares code/blueprints. @jay silver. don't remember what we asked, but would love to connect with you guys. we'll be a sandbox partner at the google i/o in san fran in late june... have cycles to spare for ice cream? our treat! (sorry to steal your spotlight with such long post)
what happenes if i'm in canada and paid 35 dollars to get this! i didn't add the 10 dollars and i can't add it   is it ok to just have the 35 dollars. will i still get it??
@jub should be shipping in august. we just placed an order for the first 5000 printed circuit boards, so the wheels are turning. we aren't waiting around! @jean-francois we are doing our best to balance simplicity and elegance (the absolute highest priority) with complexity and depth (also important) @komodo i don't understand the question, but our hardware should be compatible compatible with all software which take keyboard or mouse input (running on an os that takes hid such as all mainstream modern pc os's: windows/mac etc.). @desrame can you work within the flow through of what we have set up? perhaps you can buy a 3-pack and find the other parts locally (cheaper shipping that way), or try a 5-pack by teaming up with 2 other friends? sorry that's not more convenient. @matt please "manage your pledge" and add the international shipping. canada is a couple dollars overpriced, but that's to balance with other countries that are a couple dollars underpriced, and to keep everything simple. thanks!
@matt  no one has gotten one yet, this is just saying you will when they come out (14 days or a few months i'm not sure.)
do we get these in 14 days (as the counter says) or in august as amazon said?
also you guys need to add a 2 pack deluxe kit. i really dont want to have to make another account. but probably will if you guys dont add a 2 pack for that.
and as others have said take my money already i cant throw it at the screen any harder!!!! lol jk cant wait for this. though
yes the more keys this has the better it will be especially if someone gets it to work in a midi mode. i cant wait for something will be great for djs. its just too bad 6 key press limit. but im sure it is not as bad as one would think for that hopefully theres a way to get it higher?
simply brilliant!  i imagine many apps for the disabled (amputees, muscular disabilities, etc) since it can be configured to non-traditional materials. stunning!
can't wait to get mine! any idea when they'll be shipping out?
more pin = more possibility. please add as much pin as you can :)  oooh and congrats for the super-mega-big pledge ($290,958 !!!)
@komodo openlab  so is your hardware similar to this will it be easy for you to integrate the makey to your software?
ooo yes i'm very excited, going to try a different way of playing pc games  greetings from australia
i would like to pruchase a deluxe kit for 50$ + give one get one pack 70$. how can i do that? david from france.
i also only pledged 35 dollars and i live in canada. what will happen? i will still get the makey makey because i didn't pledge 45 dollars cuz i'm in canada right???
how long does it take to receive them if you are ordering them for canada!!!!!
looking forward to creating crazy fun/easy new ways for people of all abilities to access their devices, specially smartphones! http://komodoopenlab.com/tecla/
this is really cool.  i recently started development on a digital logic simulator that runs in the browser.  it would be really cool to support real world inputs into the simulation using this.  https://github.com/rweaving/happylogicsimulator
before seeing this, my niece told me that she wanted to get into game design. in my mind i rolled my eyes and lulzed and wanted to tell her that it's a lot less fun than it sounds, but i gently encouraged her. i think that she would love something like this.
do you get my real name and address from amazon? (i am an international backer) say, hypothetically, that someone's name here on kickstarter is not actually their real name. please make sure you don't write the wrong name on the package. just sayin.
also, i came from reddit, so expect alot of traffic from there! :)
will buyers of the boards get to have an idea on the site too?
shut up and take my money!!!! xd
super !!! un de + vers la france ! thanks ! i hope to have it in aug to france too !!
just can't wait to get it! greetings from israel :)
this is so so very awesome!
i'm excited, i just ordered one. greetings from argentina!
@everyone thanks for your patience while we traveled last week (see update #1) @arron yes. you pledge the amount for the reward + the amount for international shipping. @sam no. we do not knowingly have smartphones working yet. but, yes, we are working on it. (anyone out there with a beta board able to get smartphones working?) what we did just get working is 5v output so you can spin motors, turn on leds, talk to other products like little bits, and if you have the appropriate relay you can turn on 120 v power (turn on lightbulbs, spin blenders, etc.). @brian on the makey makey that ships we currently have 18 inputs. by default (though they are modifiable in software up to 18) there are 11 keyboard keys. if you're making a game controller, this is enough for 4 arrow directions, 4 buttons, and 3 alternate buttons (such as select/start etc.).  @eric try throwing harder. or try getting out your soldering iron. maybe try giving your computer a hug. @sebastien that is a great idea. we think a lot about midi. we would like to get midi working. if anyone wants to help out let us know. @james the basic features will stay basic. everyone can modify their board to make it do more complex things. our philosophy is make it very easy to start (low floor to entry), make it very versatile to suit many different applications for different types of people (wide walls), and leave a back door (back of the board and open source) so people can take it as far as necessary (high ceiling). i learned this philosophy from my advisor, mitch resnick. @jonathan you can hold down 6 buttons at the same time. this is the same maximum as most modern keyboards. in the video we only had early prototypes which could only handle one button at a time. excellent observation. but we have upgraded since then, and all the boards that will ship can handle multiple simultaneous button/mouse presses. @dirk/michael thanks for posting these answers. yes, we are not a marketing company. we are 2 students who want to see a more creative world. so we are offering very cheap prices on even 1 board. i have been told by business-people that i am crazy. we don't want you to buy more than you need. the shipping charges come directly from sparkfun's shipping calculator, averaged across many nations. you can try it yourself and see if it seems fair to you. @eric more rewards are coming very soon @sue your son is an amazing human being (jim did all the heavy lifting in terms of laying out the circuit in eagle) in many ways. om! @dgb yes it was pretty hard. i will publish our entire algorithm asap. we were mostly just looking for transitions, not target signals. @andrew no. we do not have multi-touch gesture recognition yet. but it's a fun idea. thanks. @luke sorry about the seemingly strange international shipping situation, however instead of pricing shipping for typical "consumer retail" we just priced shipping at the amount it actually costs us. see above @dirk and try the sparkfun shipping calculator to verify our results. @john yes we will produce some how-to which we will post at makeymakey.com/howto @josh we hope there is a version that support blue tooth. kate hartman first suggested we do this. we don't have it yet. trying to keep it simple. @everyone thanks for all your amazing and supportive comments and brilliant insights.
this is a totally awesome project! i've pledged to get the workshop 5-pack but i'm wondering how do i include the $50 for international shipping? do i pledge $220 instead?
hi guys, it seems as though you are not being at all active in answering questions, but anyhoo, have ordered as many of these puppies as my wife will let me (which is none as far as she is concerned) and intend to order a truck load once she realizes the couch cushions can order her a massage. question : usb mini input into my phone is the real million dollar question. if i can hook this puppy up to that then we are so gonna be rich.
@brian no, there are keyboard inputs as well. i think they said about 12 inputs for keys. but why exactly would you need more than a d-pad and a and b? (yeah, i'm a nes junkie)
my only question would be whats the limitation on how many controls there is is it just the up,down left right and 2 buttons?
you had me at banana piano...
i was working on a keyboard break-out board for controlling my flight simulator, but this will make life way easier.  excited!
i keep throwing my wallet at the screen, but nothing happens. i threw my piggy bank at the screen, but it's all over the floor now.
ashley, i totally agree!
this and a raspberry pi = win
cela ne pouvait que réussir, et il me tarde d'utiliser makey makey. quand j'ai vu votre projet, j'ai compris que c'est l'élément qu'il allait pour mon spectacle musical, merci ;)  this could only succeed, and i look forward to use makey makey. when i saw your project, i realized that it is the element that he was going for my musical, thank you;)
thanks for the update, now it actually feels legit and not like a scam... just being honest!
i have to say this is my first time backing a kickstarter project, and i am stoked to see the final product.
have you considered making it possible to send midi notes to a midi driver. i'm a controllerist dj and we're always looking for innovative ways to enrich our performances with new kinds of controllers. i can already see how this can be huuuuuge for controllerism!
kicktraq estimates the total pledges to go towards $611.943,  2447% overfunded. http://www.kicktraq.com/projects/joylabs/makey-makey-an-invention-kit-for-everyone/ that is what i call a good idea! (to all of those who posted complaints about shipping charges: at least in my country, if a shipment is above a certain value, you have to pay import tax, so by splitting the shipment in smaller batches you could save _a lot_ of money even if the shipping charge increases. i figure this is the reason it is the way it is)
shut up and take my money!!!
i really hope that this doesn't get saturated with extra features like some other backers are requesting. simplicity is the aim here, giving newcomers a friendly and gentle introduction into electronics and an opportunity for them to really let their ideas flow.
@cameron i really do not care how many updates i get as long as the product comes in on time and has high quality. updates are just icing extras on the cake.
this is really amazing. i want to take now and combine whit me arduino!!! this project can reach far :)
holy fucking shit, this is the coolest thing ive ever seen in my life
simple, yet elegant. simply genius.
you asked for $25,000, so far have $173,465 yet don't even have the common courtesy to give us an update after how many days? i have pledged and am very excited to get one, but honestly how hard can it be to come say hi to the 3,809 people who are supporting you? a little rude and neglectful don't you think???
i have a question, whats the number of buttons held down at once that makey can recognize? it looked like in the video it can't recognize more than 1
i absolutely love the idea of making a controller that looks like it was just slapped together by a three-year-old, but that actually works.  at the rate these are selling, i think they'll definitely make it to retail (or at least another kickstarter). fyi backers: i messaged jay about the weird shipping calc and he replied that it's based on sparkfun charges.  i actually  like that you don't get economies of scale on shipping. it removes the push to sell friends on it just to save money on the bulk pricing, so i feel i'm telling them about it without any ulterior motive.
i don't get the shipping calculation? why does shipping 5 sets cost 5 times more than a single one? after all they can go into a single package.
congratulations!!! the idea is fascinating! and more than that. you're bringing it to real and offering access to people. i´m anxious to receive mine!
since we are so far over the mark, how about some additional awards or stretch awards?
i have no idea what i'll do with it, but i want one.
"om" azing!!!! pretty sure more the response is more than expected.. congrats... ps on a personal note... my sweet son is jim. !!!!!!
hi jay and eric, this is really great toy that significantly changes the sand box we all play in. i would love to use it for the entrepreneurship camp i will run for my son and 9 of his friends this summer, unfortunately the delivery date of august will be after the cam is over. perhaps i can try to do one next year too. i am very interested if there are forums in the boston are like the sf exploratorium where we can go with the kids and unlock their imagination. thank you again for pushing and redesigning the makeys and bringing it to all of us. i am proud to be a backer. iva
in for one. congratulations in advance, you guys! what a great idea for a cheap, versatile gadget to get people interested in electronics! how hard was it to make the system tell the difference between a signal from pressing a wet object vs. one from just moving the wires and other spurious noise? are the target signals simple larger or is it a matter of discriminating between different signal forms to pick out the right ones?
first of all, i'm proud to be a backer. second, would be nice if it would work with any of android/linux single board computers like raspberry pi, cubox http://www.solid-run.com/products/cubox or any others like:  http://www.linuxuser.co.uk/features/five-alternatives-to-raspberry-pi/
holy cow! what a great turn out and still 24 days to go! :-) woot!
congrats to fellow mit students - can't wait to get my makey makey!
i've ordered your $35 kit, but i am in china, how can i pay for the additional international delivery cost? should i pay for it?
i cannot wait to make my wife a new controller for mario! thanks a ton! i'm gonna make it out of fruits!
quand allons nous recevoir le produit , j'ai hate !
this is amazing. we need more ideas like this!
simply brilliant, with endless possibilities. i'm already thinking about how i can partner this with rasberry pi (http://www.raspberrypi.org/).
can't wait to have maket makey in my hands! cheers from italy
i wonder if makey makey might have this capability as well? http://www.extremetech.com/computing/128715-disney-touche-turns-everyday-objects-into-multi-touch-gesture-recognizing-interfaces
banana slugs represent! unless you're evil, evil crowne. then i may need to pull my pledge. #porterisamazing
you might want to look at your postage charges (specifically international): $35: one kit + $10 for int'l shipping. $105: three kits + $40 for int'l shipping. why does shipping three kits cost 4 times as much as shipping one? if i were to want three kits, i would save $10 by simply backing you at the $35 level three separate times.
will you be posting some suggesting uses and how to's on your site?  or maybe include a pdf with it?  i ordered a second for my sister's kids and i'd love to give them a little manual of ideas and how to's to get them started.
also please ignore shipping date. i, apparently, can't read. sigh.
my 9 year old son is so excited about this! i'm so excited about this! do you have an idea on shipping date for them yet? my boy was trying to convince me that we should drive the 20 hours to maker's faire this weekend so he could see it. ;) don't see that happening.
awesome!  version 2 should support bluetooth.
awesome, i just want it!
great project!  i hope that you've addressed the danger of static electricity killing the inputs. et
i'm having a hard time deciding what the minimum number of these i can live with might be.
wow, that is amazing! i work in a center for kids with disabilities and this could make wonders for the kids with cerebral paralysis, communication difficulties, kids from the autism spectrum... and so on. i'm so thrilled. all i can say is thanks!
how do you make it so that you can input other letters in the alphabet rather than the ones on the left side of the board.
love makey makey! my idea for a use would be to attach the probes to the feet of a human or animal. no, not the obvious to make music or drum sounds, but silly sounds like a bell, old fashioned car horn etc. with each step, there would be a silly sound from any attached speaker. this would be a hysterical practical joke if attached to someone's shoes in a hidden way. the only way to pull this off would be whilst someone was asleep, so best to be attached to their slippers in the morning! "ahhh" (yawn), "ding! crash! honk honk!" ;)
pardon my ignorance, but will you feel the shock going through your body?
love teh video.
excellent idea!
two recommendations: 1. make an advanced model with all the keyboard keys 2. include multi head clips so one button can hit two keys at once otherwise awesome idea and product - proud to be a backer
makeymakey + raspberry pi ==> yeah i've some ideas :d
can you guys add a bluetooth module to it?? that would be awesome!!
love it.  now, if there were an iphone/ipad connector... just imagine!
guys, you are brilliant!!! such a fantastic device! i can't wait to get mine, and see what i can do with it... i have two "techy"  kids, and they are going to fight over it... maybe i should have gotten two...hummm.  or three...
first thing : "great project". i show the video of makey makey to my children, they're become crazy and suggest a dozen of material and application.  makey makey free the immagination. guys back this cool project ;)
i am really looking forward to using this with our disabled 4yo, this really bridges the 'interaction with computer' gap and although he doesn't have fine motor skills, the humour of using a banana to do cause and effect should bring a smile to his face.  nice work fellas, keep it up.
makey makey for makers making things. this sounds terrific glad to support and excited to try - when its funded hope you'll be interested in more playful work in museums!
i cannot wait to get this. this is ingenious and only makes me want to go to mit/cit more.
go jay and eric--- thinking up ways to use in geriatric settings
here via alex hornstein... amazing product, can't wait to have it in my hands!
just backed the full kit pack, and, as a game designer, i can't wait to create games using this technology! it seems like i could make so many different games with that!
cant wait to throw an awesome party with this, imagine what makey makey + projector can do :)
dreaming dreaming....beautiful idea
this is the most incredible thing ever.  i can't wait to play with it
super cool and super fun!!!  i am soooo excited to be a part of this!
yes! i just backed the family & friends pack. this is a brilliant project that i'm going to love co-experiencing with my 8-year-old daughter later this summer!  now i have to think about how 80-year-olds can use it... i'll do my part to spread the word far and wide!
way to go guys! i played with this at tei2012 and it was stupidfun with quite a bit of awesome as well. back these guys. love these guys. hug these guys. ya feels me?
alex! you said you would be the first! you are an amazing human being!
woohoo!  backer #1.  pound them makeys!
