can you provide a new update (not just a comment) about the delay & the problem you are facing + new estimated time of arrival of our products with vision?
@terry allen hi terry, we are very apologized for the delay. we've already shipped the rewards without vision. since the over-heat problem of vision, we will delay the shipping of rewards with vision on may. we hope to guarantee the best quality of our product. thanks, cellrobot team
hi. i see that others are getting product from you. can you tell me when i can expect to get anything from you? thanks terry allen
@florian kempf hi florian, thank you so much for your message. we are optimizing our api system now. you can apply for the open api soon. thanks, cellrobot team
hi cellrobot team, i just wanted to drop a note, that my cellrobot package arrived safely yesterday (after the customs hiccups) and everything is working fine so far! thanks for bringing this project to life!! on another accord, do you plan to publish the api for the cells, so that we can control the cells e.g. from a python program ? also is there any information regarding the hardware interface, e.g. for attaching own extensions like a robot hand ? looking forward to your reply! thanks, fkempf
@pcb:ng hi, our "vision" module is still under developing. your reward will send out very soon. we are very apologized for the delay. thanks, cellrobot team
hi cellrobot team, still haven't seen anything as of yet. please send tracking# thanks, pcb:ng
i have sent you a mail regarding customs penalty. please reply.
@patricia atchison, hi patricia, we've already transfer the charger problem to our custom service team. they've already contacted with you through email.they will try to solve the problem or arrange for a replacement shipping. thanks, cellrobot team
@patricia atchison, hi patricia, we are very apologized for the problems. regarding to the registration problem, we are positively solving it. we just found the problem yesterday. please try to register again. regarding to the charger problem, if the indicator light on charger keeps red, it means it is charging now. if it turns to green, it means the heart is fully charged. could you please give us some detail of the charging problem? if there is problem with your heart or charger, we will definitely send you a new one. thanks, cellrobot team
hello, received my cell robot yesterday and plugged in the heart as per the instructions and seems to not be getting any charge, have had it plugged in overnight and still nothing, also have issues regestering on the app and getting past the first screen. any ideas of what to try now? do you have a replacement heart and charger that can be sent. the order was placed by my wife as a christmas gift.
@yaseen ali, hi yaseen, we're very apologized for the delay. we met some difficulties during our first round of mass production. i will let our customer service team to email the shipping information to you very soon, please check your email soon. sorry again, cellrobot team
@david, hi david, we are very apologized for the problem. we've already contacted with the server provider to solve the problem. please try again. our company will also keep testing. if the situation do not get better, we will definitely change the server provider on next monday to guarantee the stability. thanks for you note, cellrobot team
hi not received any parcel yet which company is delivering these parcel can you name the company or parcel number are a full refund please waited 7 month no joy if i don't get my goods i will legal action in the next 7 days
app can't seem to connect to your servers. the website also appears down. too many eager customers?
@nicolas hoist, hi nicolas, thanks for your note. we are so excited that our backers can play with cellrobot. when we ship the vision, we actually will provide the tracking number.  cellrobot team
@yaseen ali, hi yaseen, we are very apologized for the delay. we've already shipped the first round of reward. it will arrive within 5 business days. we hope to get your further support. thanks, cellrobot team
@pcb:ng hi, we've already shipped the first round of reward. it will arrive within 5 business days. thanks, cellrobot team
dhl just dropped my packages off - great, thanks guys! recommendation for future shipments: please send an email with the tracking number when you ship the parcels...
hi i just want the full refund back it's 7 month now it's just the joke paid them in august 2016 still not got the goods
sorry, did shipping notifications go out? we didn't get one - did our reward ship?
@yaseen ali, hi yaseen, for most cities in uk, it will arrive within one week. thanks, cellrobot team
hi how long will it take for my shipping to come to uk
@florian, hi florian, sorry for the late reply. thank you so much for your understanding. we've already shipped your reward. for most cities, it should arrive in 5 business days. thanks, cellrobot team
dear cellrobot team, i know that it is a challenging endeavor to bring such an innovative product to market and i'm sure you are doing all you can to realize it in the best way possible (quality and time wise). i  encourage you to communicate more often about problems and progress as the community really appreciates frequent insight into you developments. all in all i wish you all the best for your development, thank you for your effort so far and i can't wait to try out all the nice things one can do with a cell robot :-).
hi sir, i had supported your project on aug.26th,2016. when will i received the goods?
as mentioned if you aren't going to change your mind on delaying shipping of the bulk of the cells then i would appreciate a full refund.
@yaseen ali, hi yaseen, we posted a update which about our shipping. we are very apologized for the delay. the reward without vision will ship on february 21. we will have a free separate shipping of vision on april. thanks, cellrobot team
@david, hi david, we are very apologized for the delay. currently, the only problem is definitely about vision and mount. the reason we decided to ship until the mount is ready is we definitely have a exact time when the mount will be ready. the only problem for mount is production. after chinese new year festival, our factory will produce them immediately. we also thought mount will bring much more fun to you with cellrobot. with mount, you can do robot arm on a table or window; you also can attach your cell phone on cellrobot, which you can shoot some interesting video. we definitely carefully thought about your plan before we post this update. the reasons above are why we decided to ship until the mount is ready. we hope to get your understanding. sorry again!
i am quite annoyed. you have not communicated these delays to us until the last minute. if everything is fine with all the cells except vision and mount, i don't believe you should make us wait until the mount is ready to ship. i think you should ship us our reward except the mount and vision now, then ship those two together when they are both ready. if there are further problems with either of them then you will delay again. if you can't ship the other items now, then i would like a full refund. you have lost so much trust and respect.
hi i like to know when i am going to get my shipment you promise december 2016 now it's january now 2017
@oedelin jean, hi oedelin, we are still working on the x-cell. we will let you know when it comes. thanks, cellrobot team
@nicolas hoist, hi nicolas, we definitely will send two packages to your address. we noticed that. thanks, cellrobot team
any additional news for us about what's next? also the " x-cell adapter" how long will have have to wait to be able to buy them?
hi cellrobot team, great to see that shipping starts in just over a week! i pledged an extra amount to also get a speed kit, just wanted to check if that was clear on your side (i'd be rather disappointed if only one kit shows up at my door).
hi cellrobot team. i received an email to update my shipping address. i have updated the address. i just want to remind you that as i told you earlier i want you to send me  the kit via regular post as dhl charges crazy amount of customs !!! please let me know how are we going to manage this. thank you
@david, hi david, we do not provide tracking this time, but our shipping supplier will make sure the product to be sent to your address as soon as possible. since it was the productivity problem of our slip ring, we changed some parts of our previous plan.  thanks, cellrobot team
@tapan hi tapan, we will discuss this situation with our shipping supplier. we will figure out the problem. thanks, cellrobot team
great news about the shipping date, thanks. will you also be using tracking? what was the solution to the slip ring issue?
is it possible for you to send me the kit via normal post. the reason why i am saying this is because everytime a package comes through dhl they charge heavy duty.
@david, hi david, sorry for the late reply. we will start ship our product on january 18. we've already free update all shipping to dhl airplane shipping to make sure you receive the product as soon as possible. thanks, cellrobot team
@tapan hi tapan, we are really sorry for the late reply. we will start to ship the product on january 18. we've already update the shipping to dhl airplane shipping to make sure you receive the product as soon as possible. thanks, cellrobot team
i will be quite annoyed if there is yet another delay due to another issue. yes issues and delays occur, but the lack of communication is just horrible. as much as i want this product i am starting to have serious regrets backing it.
any update cellrobot team. when are you planning on starting the shipping????
@oedelin jean hi oedelin, thanks for your note. we definitely agree with you. we are planing to create a group on facebook. we will update the news as soon as we confirmed. thanks, cellrobot team
you guys may not be able to create a reddit page to answer questions about this, but is it ok if people from the community do so? we can only create something like "cellrobotbackers", because copyrights. i figured you guys would better off introducing a community on a popular platform next to what you guys are planning with the app. it's self-help and it's promotion.
@david, hi david, thanks for your note. we will provide the detail of the issue in our next update. currently, there is no more issue on the components of cellrobot. we are still on the plan to deliver the reward on mid of january. thanks, cellrobot team
other than the clip ring issue, are there any other production issues?
please provide more details regarding the clip ring production issue and how you are solving it.
hi, do you think the cellrobot reaches us before christmas? best wishes from germany,  peter
trying to put my shipping info to you need to make managing pledge updated
hi there, could you post some pictures of the collored cells? i have 14 cells in my pledge, perhaps i would mix them up ;-)
an update would be reassuring. thank you.
@david hi david, sorry for the lack of communication. we definitely will have an update within this week. also, we will have monthly update. we are so sorry for that. thanks for your feedback. cellrobot team
@martin hi martin, we are so sorry for the lack of communication. we definitely will have an update within this week, and we will schedule monthly update. thanks, cellrobot team
@martin i generally hope for monthly updates from projects. doesn't take much to report on the status of production. i've reported this project already for lack of communication. i don't consider promises of updates to be communication.
2 weeks ago you wrote that there will be an update about the ongoing production & delivery times - please communicate with your loyal backers
@pl03984486, hi, thank you so much for your support. the current plan we have is that we will try our best to send out the product on december. thanks, cellrobot team
@david, hi david, we are focusing on finalizing and producing our product. we definitely will send out update soon. thanks, cellrobot team
hi, your product is really fascinating and i am curious when will you have my reward delievered?
any eta on an update?
@joshua g. liswantoro hi joshua, thanks for your note. we definitely will deviled one mega pack and one speed pack to you. thank you so much for your support. best, cellrobot team
hi - i just got message that my cc is debited usd 1080 for the mega package. but kindly please notes that this is for 1 mega package and 1 speed package. thanks, joshua
@magnus collin hi magus, thanks for your support. we are also so exited to deliver cellrobot to all of you. thanks, cellrobot team
congrats to the team on the successful funding!  really looking forward to delivery in dec
@joseph m. newcomer:  thank you for your interest in cellrobot! we will contact you through message for detailed information. team cellrobot team cellrobot
i would have backed you at a higher level, but the higher levels were "sold out".  then i saw an announcement that they were expanding availability.  so, if i pledged $k, but now want to be at the $m level, can i pledge ($(m-k)) more to get to a higher level?
@midnite hi midnite, yes, you are right. after connected with 4 wheels, you can connect 16 cells maximum. thanks, cellrobot team
@jianbo - thanks for reply! 5) so, if i connect 4 wheels, at most i can connect 16 cells maximum?
@nephastus:  that's a good idea. will try that later :)
@midnite:  thank you for backing us! here are the answers to your questions: 1) will we be able to program the robot? (just like the second video in update #3) => yes! we will provide a open interface to cellrobot. and also the hardware interface, so developers can make their diy functional cells. 2) can we write our own android app to control the robot? will you provide the android api for us? => we will provide a interface to developers so you can control and program cellrobot with any platform 3) robot is connected through wifi or bluetooth? => you can connect cellrobot heart through wifi or bluetooth 4) where can we buy addition products from your company, e.g. the rubber ‘feet’, connector covers, together with the kickstarter reward to save shipping? => we will update the future plan later. we will try our best to get cellrobot more powerful :) 5) i am thinking about pldeging more than one reward. so, one heart can control at most 20 cells? how many wheels can it control? =>up to 20 modules can be powered by one heart thank you team cellrobot
any plans to make fly module?
@cellrobot team - 1) will we be able to program the robot? (just like the second video in update #3) 2) can we write our own android app to control the robot? will you provide the android api for us? 3) robot is connected through wifi or bluetooth? 4) where can we buy addition products from your company, e.g. the rubber ‘feet’, connector covers, together with the kickstarter reward to save shipping? 5) i am thinking about pldeging more than one reward. so, one heart can control at most 20 cells? how many wheels can it control? thank you!
@david hi david, sorry for the late reply. we definitely will update more information. we plan to have a update today. please check it later, and share it to your friends. thanks for you comment. cellrobot team
sorry for the multiple comments. a bit of bad cell phone reception seems to have caused the kickstarter app to retry posting the comment despite only clicking post once. live and learn i guess...
home stretch.. any more updates to drum up more interest?
home stretch.. any more updates to drum up more interest?
home stretch.. any more updates to drum up more interest?
@d hi d, thanks for your questions. we will definitely provide more technical detail of x-cell very soon. it will be available for purchase after the campaign. we will try our best to guarantee it can ship with the product in december 2016. we do not decide the final price of x-cell now, but the price won't be high. thanks, cellrobot team
hello, also, what is the cost of the x-cell adapter please?
hello are you able to provide any further information about the x-cell adapter?  will this be available for purchase after launch and if so, when will it be available?  do you have any pictures of it that you can post please?
@ xin dong:  所有美国的包裹是集中海运到美国再进行批量分发邮寄，其他地址的包裹则会选择速递形式单个邮寄，我们则统一收取每一单20美元的邮费。 谢谢您的提问！如果还有其他疑问 可以随时提出来！ team cellrobot
@ xin dong:  thank you for backing us! you can add the price of another package to your pledge to get extra package of cellrobot in kickstarter price.  thank you! any question, feel free to ask! team cellrobot
另外，为什么深圳生产寄到香港要20美刀，到美国反而免费？
maybe someone asked already, but can we add more cells or parts to our pledge as add-ons during this campaign rather than pay the full retail price post campaign?
@ oedelin jean:  thank you for backing us! here are the answers to the questions: -are all the action controlled from the app or can you program some repetitive actions?  => we provide two modes in the app:  in guide mode we provide a shape library include many configurations of cellrobot, choose the shape you like, app will teach you how to build it step by step, and you can control and play with cellrobot. in custom mode, you can free you imagination and build any configuration you want, and graphic program(not coding) cellrobot through the app, it will take about 10 minutes to program you own cellrobot, we have a update about a tutorial of custom mode, you can take a look -what are the available functions of the app  => control and program the cellrobot. are you asking about the configurations of cellrobot or just about the app? -there are some cells in the video, that are not even in the mega package (a flashlight one, a black orb...)  => we haven't show any flashlight or black orb in our kickstarter video. spotlight will not be available this time, and vision module is the new version or camera module (the black orb) -what are some weight limitations? (ie: how much could the arm support)  =>torque of a cell is more than 3.6n*m. and the weight of a cell is about 200g(0.43 pounds) -can you control two different heart from one app? => unfortunately, you can't control two heart from one app in the same time. -everything is not open source, but is there any way to at least make mobile app open source, or development package to create our own app?  => we will open the interface to developers. we will open communication interface to developers, you can use this interface send commend to cellrobot, get configuration data, angular data, torque date of cells, send commend to cellrobot to control cells rotate to a position, rotate continuously, keep position(lock). and also you can send commend to wheel to make it rotate in any speed. and also developers can use x-cell to develop their own functional cells, x-cell is like a adapter, can communicate with heart and get/send signal from pc. and also we supply 12v 5v 3v3 dc power on x-cell, 2 pwm ports, 2a/d ports. developers can use any os to control cellrobot and their diy functional cell -i feel those with engineering background, would like to contribute, but we're not getting the opportunity.  => cellrobot is a robot platform for everyone, it very easy to build you own robot with cellrobot in a very short time. everyone can contribute their talent to this community. (is this the only place to ask questions?... i might have some more) => you can either send us a message or leave a comment, feel free to ask any question!
before the request/suggestion list, i'd like to say i decided to pledge within 15 sec of clicking the link to this page... now i have a few things to ask: -are all the action controlled from the app or can you program some repetitive actions? -what are the available functions of the app -there are some cells in the video, that are not even in the mega package (a flashlight one, a black orb...) -if those are not ready to be included, can we at least know of them? -what are some weight limitations? (ie: how much could the arm support) -can you control two different heart from one app? -everything is not open source, but is there any way to at least make mobile app open source, or development package to create our own app? -i feel those with engineering background, would like to contribute, but we're not getting the opportunity. (is this the only place to ask questions?... i might have some more)
@guitarhulk hi guitarhulk, thanks for your question. the mount is the holder we used in the video. currently, we cannot provide extra mount for package, because of the package problem. thanks, cellrobot team
how do we add the phone/tablet/camera holders to our pledges?
@ joshua g. liswantoro:  sorry for the late reply.  how to adjust pledge? - click manage your pledge on top of the page - click change your pledge  - change the pledge amount to 1040(for us) 1080(for the rest of the world) thank you for backing us!
hi - at your campain page it still show that i am  a backer with $645 pledge. joshua
@ joshua g. liswantoro:  thank for your message. how to adjust the pledge? visit the project page and click the blue “manage" button that appears next to your pledge amount.  select "update your pledge" on the following page.  note that you are not adding to your existing pledge; the amount you enter will be the total amount collected.  you just pledge us $1080 and choose mega package. we will deliver a mega package and a speed package to you. thank you so much for your support. if you have more question, just let us know. best, cellrobot team
hi - there is no way to add more pledge. i am already backing for the mega package and i want to add the speed package. if i click the speed package, it will replace my existing pledge, not adding a new pledge. regards, joshua
@ david:  yes, 20usd per package for shipping to new zealand. team cellrobot
do we need to add multiple shipping costs if we are going for multiple rewards as per your comment below?
@ joshua g. liswantoro:  thank you for backing cellrobot! you can adjust your pledge to the amount of the packages you need. how to adjust the pledge? visit the project page and click the blue “manage" button that appears next to your pledge amount. select "update your pledge" on the following page.  note that you are not adding to your existing pledge; the amount you enter will be the total amount collected. thank you! any question, feel free to ask;) team cellrobot
hi - i am already a backer for the megapack, then i realize that i need 2 hearts for me to be able to play together with my son. i am trying to add more pledge but there is no way in kickstarter to add more. can you tell me how to add more pledge? regards, joshua
@d  thank you for your comment! and sorry for the late reply we just finished our trial-mnufacture in shenzhen china. we will start shipping cellrobots to backers in november 2016, finish in early december 2016. we will try our best to make it arrive in time for christmas.  thank you  team cellrobot
hi awesome looking product!  i see that the estimated shipping date is december 2016.  i was wondering if the product will be shipped to arrive in time for christmas? thanks very much and all the best for the rest of the campaign. d
@nicolas holst really happy to get your ideas about cellrobot again! we have already made some rubber ‘feet’ with soft rubber, it is easier for users to diy a custom walking robot or a robot snake. we will consider to include it in strength list, stretch goal will soon be updated! thank you for your idea and suggestion! the connection points are made of gold-plated copper, it will not rust. we haven't try any plastic connectors caps before, it's a good idea! we will print a prototype and test it with cellrobot, will keep you updated :) thank you for your ideas, really excited to meet so many ideas from backers of kickstarter. we have already hit the goal, we made it! cheers, jay
liked the video in update 1 a lot! along the line of my 'fingers' idea, how about little rubber 'feet' that lock in the connectors, then it wouldn't slip so much when it walks. how fragile are the connection points? i'm thinking of the ones that aren't used, would there be a problem with dirt/dust/moisture? an option might be to have a number of small plastic caps that clip in place (stretch goal maybe?) we're getting very close to the goal. yes!
@jose hi jose, thank you for your comment. us dollar is the currency for this campaign. cellrobot team
in that type of currency would pay ?
que tipo de moneda se pide el pago ?
@david hi david, first of all, thank you so much for backing us. we are preparing our update. it will come out very soon. we will keep updating our lasted information in the future. thanks, cellrobot team
it might be time to look at posting an update. perhaps show us some more video demos. keeping open communication lines is key to a good community on kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
@david thank you for your comment! our team will try our best to develop more functional cells to make cellrobot smarter(sensors) or powerful (actuators). your idea about battery cell is great! actually, we plan to develop that in the next step. feel free to contact us if you have any ideas about cellrobot and functional cells: ) welcome to cellrobot loop. let's build robots! jay
please consider having add-ons for extra functional cells. an extra heart would go a long way! another good idea would be a secondary battery cell for extra run time.
@nicolas holst idea about small gripper is great! we have made several gripper functional cell, but they can't grip bigger objects and need force feedback. we also created a big gripper using cells but it's a little bit heavy. the idea of clipping “fingers”to cells is great, cell has force feedback and also powerful, "fingers" reduce the weight of the robot!  idea about self-charge station is good! but i think it will need some sensor to make the whole process easier happy and excited to talk more about some ideas about cellrobot and future functional cells! jay
great! some ideas for future cells (or maybe even stretch goals): - small gripper cell - clip on 'fingers' so you build a large gripper from a couple of cells - charger cell - so you can drive up to a charger, get charged and run for another hour or two go team cellrobot!
@nicolas holst thank you for your support and trust! it's excited to meet our old backers here. on kickstarter, it is only possible to pledge to each project once from a single account. accordingly, backers can only choose one reward tier per pledge. however, you can change your pledge amount to the total amount of the rewards that you want. after that we will contact you for detailed information. thank you team cellrobot
great to see you're back!  is possible to pledge for multiple cellrobots?
@qu wenhao excited to get our first comment! you can order more modules after we ship our product through our website, but the price will be much higher than crowdfunding price. you definitely can build one with more than 4 wheels(a stair climbing robot is with 6 wheels!). thank you so much for your support. 感谢支持！
what if i want more parts, like wheels, how can i get more of them? is there any limitations of those parts? like i want to build something with more than 4 wheels? anyway, like your project, 干得漂亮！
