we love, love, love these comments from our backers! you guys are great! we'd love it even more if everyone would also post reviews on amazon. you don't need to have purchased the product from them to be able to post a review. this is where many potential customers go to read user reviews to aid in their buying decision. positive word of mouth is priceless for a small start up. thanks again for everyone's support!
i've said it before. really love this loud little box. need to post my video soon to spread the love. i've discovered new music & radio stations just messing around with it. the sound fills my entire upstairs and it's clear, clean sound. - and the app?!? it's great.
i have continued to receive "technical support" from tom devesto even though this project is long finished.  thanks to tom and his staff for a great piece of musical art! karl
ok i will try that.  bought a better cable too. thank you!
hi gary. be sure the audio cable is firmly conncted into the aux input. if the connection isn't solid it can cause audio issues. also, try moving the dot further away from the duetto. if that doesn't work, try using the dot's power adapter instead of the usb jack.
i'm trying to connect my echo dot to the como duetto. i plugged it into the usb and connected it via auxiliary input 1. i'm getting static. is it the cable? or did i do something incorrectly?
we've added a really sweet limited time deal on a bundle that includes a ponoplayer and a duetto... have a look https://www.comoaudio.com/products/como-audio-and-ponoplayer-bundle
we have updated our website to include ambiente sitting next to a solo on a dresser. you'll see it in in our primary pictures on our home page.
hi douglas. you sent another message saying things were working okay now so we assume you are all set. if you ever encounter odd behavior, the best thing to do is try a system reboot in the system settings menu, and if that doesn't do it, do a factory reset in the same menu. if you have other issues or questions, please contact us directly through info@comoaudio.com, as this site is not monitored frequently since our campaign ended. happy holidays!
i am trying to preorder an ambiente but nothing happens when i click the preorder button? i have created an account and signed in.
tom, i just did a firmware update and now everything i did is gone. what do i do now?
the only picture we have right now is on our web site. the top of the home page has a slide show and one of the pictures is of the hickory solo and ambinete. we also added the ambiente's user manual in the support section.
i don't suppose you have a photo of the solo and ambiente next to each other?
fair enough. thanks for the reply
hi kent, the canadian duties, taxes, and shipping fees are actually costing us more than $50 - we're taking a loss at that price. so, we're simply trying to cover "some" of those costs. in europe, we have a distribution facility in rotterdam. we get to the eu countries quickly and efficiently. also, european products are priced higher as we are collecting vat tax. regards, the como audio team regards,
hey just wondering is they're any specific reason why the only shipping rad available for the ambient is $50.00 usd. we're not that much farther away from the us. certainly closer than the eu.
hello everyone, we wanted to let everyone know that we just posted a kickstarter update regarding the much anticipated ambiente. ambiente is the separate speaker that turns the solo into stereo. starting today, we are taking pre-orders on ambiente in all finishes. we expect to ship all orders by the end of december. to take advantage of special pre-order pricing, you must pre-order by december 6th. simply log on to www.comoaudio.com, wwwcomoaudio.co.uk, or www.comoaudio.eu and you'll see that ambiente has been added. once again, thank you to all kickstarter backers as we could not have done this without you.
really glad i got in on this. fills the room with great clear sound. thank you.
we would like to take this opportunity to thank our backers once again for their support with a special promotion. now through cyber-monday, save 20%. we're thrilled to offer our kickstarter backers a special promotion that is just in time for the holiday season. for this week only we're offering a 20% discount on all como audio purchases. now is the time to enjoy multi-room streaming in any room of your house. fill that second or third room you've been thinking about. the perfect gift for yourself or someone you love. share the magic of como audio products with people you really like. simply go to www.comoaudio.com (www.comoaudio.eu or www.comoaudio.co.uk), select what you want to buy, and at checkout, enter kickstarter in the discount code section. your 20% will calculate automatically and as always, we'll pick-up the shipping fees. please remember that we could not have done this without your help. if you love the product please go to amazon and help push us further along by writing a review. (offer only good in the usa, canada, and the european union. offer is good through november 28, 2016)
hi, i'm having the same issue as below. the solo will finish a spotify playlist and then will not commence when i select a different song.
spotify occasionally but not always reacts to the method described in the post before this one. i usually have more success by performing a system reboot on the duetto when it and spotify stop communicating.
hi wong. per our nov. 2 posting, we will be addressing all communication through our info@comoaudio.com address. we will reply to your below query via you personal email, but for the benefit of others, the short answer is such issues are usually caused by the wifi network signal, perhaps a momentary drop out, not usually caused by spotify. while the duetto is in spotify mode, at the bottom of the spotify app it shows the duetto you are connected to. select it, then change to "this phone" for a minute or so. then press on "devices available" again at the bottom of the spotify app and select your duetto again. this should solve the issue.
the spotify issue on the duetto is that the menu keeps indicating i should press play on phone/tablet, but it doesn't matter is if press play on the app or spotify app, duetto would not commence playing? the problem comes and goes.
spotify communicates erratically with the duetto. sometime it's fine, but sometimes just no sound even when spotify is playing! any idea how i can fix this?
lisa mott, i just looked back into our account and see your message. i did a quick review of your order and it was sent to our hk logistics center, but i cannot find record of it shipping. i have asked them to double check and will get back to you personally tomorrow via direct email.
hi i sent a message 5 days ago and haven't had a response. i've not received a tracking email or the product.
all, we want to let you know that as our project is now shipped complete, we're moving on to the next level.  we truly appreciate your support  as we would not be where we are without you!  that said, these comments will be checked much less frequently.  if you have a question or concern, please email info@comoaudio.com with your comments. the whole team at como audio receives these emails so it will be addressed within 24 hours. thanks again to all!!
hello all!  this message is meant to be directed to our backers that are in regions that do not use the us/eu/uk power cords provided with your product. as we are a startup and the moq for regional power cords was 2000 units, it was not a viable option for us to order au/jp/etc power cords.  we have a solution if you wish to proceed.  if you buy a power cord to use with our como audio product, we will reimburse you via personal check (up to 20 us dollars).  all you should do is purchase the power cord and scan a copy of your receipt to info@comoaudio.com with your backer details. we will then send a check for up to $20 to you via mail. we truly hope this works and we're sorry for any inconvenience caused. the como audio team
clement, i'm going to email you directly on this topic as these comments are public for all backers.  expect an email today. thanks, brian walsh
hi tom, is there a way we can trace back who actually sign and receive the package. thanks.
hi team,  i too am in australia and received my unit today without an appropriate power cord.  i did think of this when backing, so made sure it explicitly said it would ship to australia before committing.  i actually thought the $100 shipping charge might have been so high to accomodate the additional power cable required. the product looks amazing and can't wait to try it out, just need some power :)
hi i have received my unit thank you! i was not aware the unit would not have a power cord suited to australia. not sure if this was specified in the campaign, and if it was i certainly missed it. is there anything that can be done for me? can you supply a power cable that will work here in australia? my bose unit came with various power cables to suit a variety of countries. please let me know. thanks again
peter, our deadline to respond to surveys was in july.  i see that you responded after that date.  we will organize your shipment now.  it was left on our list as a "non-responder" for address and phone info. the como audio team
rowan, i see that your order was delivered today. i sent tracking to you last week. perhaps in your junk email?  regardless, hope you love the product you just received!!
hi tom, i got an email with your latest update indicating all units have been shipped, though i have yet to receive an email with tracking info on my unit. waiting in thailand, peter
i haven't got any tracking details yet. what is the status of my order?
clement, i see that your package was delivered 10/07 to the address you requested. i'm not sure if this is a residential address. unfortunately, after the product is shipped and delivered, there's not much we can do. it was definitely not sent back to us or our logistics center. i'm sorry your order is missing! the como audio team
i got my tracking saying was delivered to me. but somehow i didn't receive it. pls can you check was it sent back?
received my two units today in regional australia. great choice using fedex - it meant that shipments transitioned across to australia post (national postal operator) and even arrived at a po box. looking forward to getting to using and enjoying it.
singapore backer here, got mine this evening via fedex. the packaging is so nice that i don't wanna throw them away >.< my duettos are absolutely beautiful and the sound is awesome! setup was a breeze even with no touchscreen and no keypad. i'm really enjoying them. thank you, mr devesto and team!
hello all!   just another quick update on shipping to asia.  39 additional shipments occurred today. i'll be sending out tracking shortly.  at this rate, we'll have all shipments complete by end of week.
greetings to our backers in the asia region! i'm happy to announce that shipments have begun today to 23 of 88 backers! at this daily rate, we expect to ship complete by 10/31 as committed. this includes thailand, taiwan, japan, singapore, china, hong kong, vietnam, south korea, malaysia, new zealand, and australia.  i will be sending out tracking daily. thanks, the como audio team
james, i just sent you a personal message regarding status. thanks for contacting us!
hello just wondering when i can expect my solo to canada?
deathdestroyer- thanks for the very nice comments and also for the helpful information regarding the vpn which we will pass on to others who may run into the same.
r wilson- we have been working with you through your direct email account to resolve the issue.
peter g- when you are listening to a podcast (or internet station) on your duetto that you wish to save as a favorite, briefly press the 'play' key on the included remote control. there's more info about this and other features in the comprehensive user manual available for download on our web site, but if you need additional support you can email us directly through the tech support link on our web site.
thanks for the update tom
asia backers - sorry to say that a typhoon has affected shipping of orders this week. our logistics facility has been closed thursday and again today. we're hoping the weather clears and shipments begin monday. thanks for your patience, the como audio team
a problem happend to me using my comoaudio duetto. i could not find a way how to add a podcast server manually to the favorite list. i wish to add this address "http://podcasts.srf.ch/hoerspiel_mpx.xml". mfg peter
the como control app will not be able to find your audio system if your mobile device is connected to a vpn. (at least not on ios, haven't tried android.) just sharing my experience if anyone else has had the same issue. was close to pulling my hair out for not figuring out how to connect the app to my audio system, but disabling my vpn connection did the trick. re-enabling the vpn after connecting the app to the audio system seems not to disrupt the app/audio system connection, just as long as you don't terminate the como control app, because then you have to start all over again. anyways, thank you for a fantastic product! it was great even without the app, but this just enhanced the user experience for me.
i love the sound, but it won't connect to my network. i'm using it via echo right now. but w/o the internet i can't even get updates, or anything else for that matter. i have other network connections in that same vicinity without difficulty. i've tried it 3 times, but it says "failed to obtain ip address from dhcp  limited or no connectivity." i also moved it to right next to router/modem & get the same message. i used the wizard as listed in booklet.
frankie, thanks for the comment. i'm happy that this has been resolved via email and your solo is working fine!  please let us know if you have any more questions!
hi, i just record my solo, but can't power on. any idea. thanks
hello all! just a quick update for asia backers awaiting their units.  delivery has happened to our facility in hong kong so shipments will begin to you by end of this week and last until approximately 10/26. we thank you again for your patience and we hope you love the product once received!
i received my solo (hickory) last week, received my duetto (hickory) today. i have to say that i absolutely love the sound quality, the design, choice of casing and the very easy setup. i have my solo in my bedroom on my nightstand and my duetto in my living room. the duetto sounds incredible in my living room and the solo is perfect for my bedroom. they are perfect for what i wanted and far exceed my expectations. bravo como audio!!!
received my solo this past week. was easy to setup and update. easy to use. i compared the sound with my wifi c crane radio... solo wins it by a large step! love the ios app.
hi all! any shipping questions are being resolved via individual mail/message. thanks, the como audio team
should i have received a tracking number yet? i'm in australia
had a minor issue with my shipment what's the best way to be in contact and discuss?
hello everyone, i am now a happy camper, the como team has been a great help with the slight hiccup that happened with my units, the system deleted it as a duplicate, but it was corrected quickly and got here this morning. the unit is gorgeous and the sound quality is amazing. people have been looking at my porch where the unit sits while i am outside. people seem to be surprised by the sound quality for such a small unit. i backed with the solo units and could not be happier with these units. i have been geeking out over the comedy channel station and the other ones. thank you again for the quick correction and for putting this product out there. i will be telling people about this for a long time, it is a nice conversation piece. sincerely, matt
hi, received my duetto and i absolutely love it. just a question: any plan to support apple music beside spotify? thanks. :)
this project ought to be a model for how kickstarters should be run. they've been ahead of their projections, responsive to their community, fully professional, and they delivered a great product. may they now go on to conquer the larger market!
hi natasha!  we see that you ordered two solo in hickory. this was one of our most popular styles, so we initially stocked out.  replacement stock arrived in massachusetts friday 10/07 and we resumed shipments this week.  i see that your second radio shipped yesterday so you should have tracking in hand. thanks, the como audio team
i only got one speaker and i ordered two.
thx tom...actually reading the manual helped ;)
@chris - thank you. windows firewall was actually the problem in my case. the question does remain as to why the solo was able to work without firewall permission and only duetto couldn't.
received my duetto .. i am very happy with it .. need to try full set-up .
hi darren. the display can be dimmed in the menu under system settings and backlight. "on level" controls the display brightness when the unit is on, while "dim level" controls the brightness when the unit is in standby, but a time must be selected in "timeout" for it to take affect. you cn also turn the display off entirely when the unit is in standby by pressing a remote key twice (except power and alarm). all of this is described in detail in the complete manual available on our web site under resources. also, we purposely designed the display background color to be a dark grey color. we felt it look nicer and classier than total black.
@andrew faughnan - now i've noticed the same thing with spotify-sometimes a full unplug is needed to get the duetto to play sound again. only with spotify. wonder what is going on?
&)&)&)$();(:;/:-:/(;,!,),) auto correct!  in my previous post "geisha" should read grayish
actually another quick question...is there a way of dimming the brightness of display on the duetto?   i was thinking more when the clock is displayed as the display really lights up the room it is in at night and gets distracting. one thing i noticed that the display actually appears somewhat geisha when viewing straight on out to about a 20 degree viewing angle from center.  for greater viewing angles from center, the displays with a more blacker background which i feel is more pleasing to look at.   not sure if this is all an intended design decision or a "known" limitation of the display chosen for the shipping units. thanks in advance
quick question regarding the sharing functionality that is part of the app, in my case the android app.  while listening to internet radio for example, i have no issues sharing the channel etc. via tweet.  however, when attempting to share via facebook, no info is filled in prior to attempting a facebook post.   is this a limitation of facebook?  of the internet radio channel being listened to?  a bug in the como control app? btw, still blown away how the duetto sounds...never could have imagined something that shape and size could deliver the volume and depth that it does �
i was happy to see a firmware update that fixed the usb/upnp playback. so happy i backed this!
mr. devesto, thank you for your time. this is a great radio just got the first package and the  unit looks great, i was a little confused though when i received it. i backed the project with the two room edition. so i have now received one unit of two total. i was just wondering when the second unit will be arriving? i just set up the unit i received which is working fine so far.  thank you for your time. sincerely, matthew s. orth
hi tom! wow, thanks for your quick reply. i am ecstatic to report it was on my doorstep when i got home today. it was delivered 6 days earlier than fedex originally estimated. the unit is awesome!! thank you!
so amazing! just got mine and hooked it up straight away. it sounds wonderful, and looks just as good. thank you so much!
usb music is fixed!  thanks, tom.
if i may, i did notice an irregularity in the way the duetto works with spotify : i have both a solo and a duetto. spotify communicates flawlessly with the solo, but erratically with the duetto. sometimes just fine, but quite frequently no sound even though the spotify interface indicates that music is being played.
my duetto arrived this morning. it is amazing. easy set up, great sound and the hickory case is beautiful. tom, you and your team hit this one out of the park. one of the best audio devices i have purchased in a very long time.
got mine today-amazing! i'm from virginia. really top quality product. great sound, and super easy to use. i'm from boston, so familiar with the previous products. this one eclipses them. really fine work. really outstanding product. will write a full review soon
thank you mr. devesto. i absolutely believe your duetto and solo are brilliant audio devices that also represent a style of art as they look and feel beautiful. they have all the features that i've been looking for. i have no doubt that i'll love both the duetto and solo as they have had rave reviews. yes, you and your team have been in touch with me very quickly and i may have missed your response before i posted my comment. i posted my comment in hope that someone knew the answer to my problem as i was hoping it was an oversight in how i did the setup. i thank you and your team for the quick response and can't wait to listen to my duetto playing in my living room. kindest, sheri.
hello ryan! i understand your frustration regarding almost 2 weeks of transit. we're currently using fed ex smartpost which claims to be efficient in coordinating shipments with your local usps. we are looking into this further to choose the best method of shipment while we close out our final orders. thanks, the como audio team
hi sheri. i apologize no one was able to respond to you sooner, but i understand since your email yesterday you have been contacted by two different people and we are working diligently to take care of you. please don't hesitate to get back in touch any time with any questions or concerns, and thanks for your patience.
hi matthew. thanks for bringing this software bug to our attention. rest assured, we are giving this our full attention and are working expeditiously on a software update that will correct this bug. we appreciate your patience and you should know we are working hard to try to issue the new software update within the next 24-48 hours. we appreciate all comments and feedback from everyone and we try our best to address them promptly.
my duetto came in on the 5th via fedex. i was very excited to set it up and play it. i also pledged for the solo which i haven't received yet. i've spent almost  2 days trying to get my duetto to work and even resorted to getting an it friend to check it out incase i set it up wrong and still no sound. it shows stations, my music, my spotify all as playing, yet no sound, no static, nothing!  i'm heart broken. i sent a private message to mr. devesto about my situation and no reply. does anyone know what might be wrong with my duetto besides dead duetto?  heart broken in canada. �
ever since updating the firmware to 1a15 my usb music player does not work correctly.  a song will play for 59 seconds and then start over again and repeat. i've rebooted and done a factory reset with no change.  the factory reset kept the firmware at 1a15.
mine came in the mail this week. love it and it is so easy to set-up. thanks aaaaa+++++
ryan mine came a week earlier than the original estimation.
by far the best kickstarter project that i have backed to date! shipped on time, with no issues, and was blown away by the quality of the product. thank you!
excited to receive the duetto, but bummed at the slow shipping. fedex says it shipped on the 30th of sept, but won't arrive till the 12th of oct. seems to be slower than usps. shipping from ma to seattle, wa. does anyone else have shipping estimates of two weeks?
my initial impression is wow! excellent build quality, impressive sound. per roel mathys comment there is a bit of bleed at the edge of the lcd display, but not a show stopper. extremely satisfied and so glad i backed the project!
@ť - the ambiente is a secondary unit (speaker only) that will connect to your solo for true stereo sound. the connection is wired and not wireless if i remember correctly.  tom responded to my inquiry that they will be available for purchase in nov/dec.
mine came today. the unit is beautiful. sad that i got it to give as a christmas present. i think i'll take it to my office to enjoy until i give it to my wife;-). i have to comment that this campaign makes ks look amazing. gives me hope after finding the midnight clock". thanks so much for a job done right!
hello everyone!  we thank you again for all of your support and really appreciate the positive comments! it makes all the hard work worthwhile!  we wanted to provide you with a status update on shipping as we near completion of all shipments. 1. asia backers - we have a warehouse in hong kong that is preparing shipment. this week they are on holiday, so expect to begin seeing trackers next week with all shipments completed by oct 14th. 2. eastern european/russian federation backers - these will be shipped from our netherlands warehouse by end of this week. expect tracking within the next couple days. 3. we did have a shortage of solo in hickory and duetto in walnut in the usa. great news is these will be back in stock this friday to resume shipments. for those waiting for these models, you should see tracking very early next week. in summary, we expect to have all kickstarter backers shipped complete by oct 14th. we thank you again for you support and hope you spread the word about the quality of sound and beauty of these products! sincerely, the como audio team
i'm in the same boat as rajiv patel. can you provide information as to when the solo will ship? thank you
my duetto arrived today, and it looks and sounds beautiful.  it remains clear and crisp at surprisingly loud volumes. that said, i pledged for the solo and duetto combo.  my fedex tracking info said i was receiving one item, so is it safe to assume the solo will ship in the near future?
received shipping conformation a couple of days ago, email deleted the message. says it is supposed to arrive today, hoping it gets here before i have to go to work. excited, but the shipping stuff says it last updated in indiana, thats still a long way from california. can't hardly wait. will updat when it arrives.
what's the ambiente speaker mentioned in the manual?
#191 received in the uk. just set up so these are my first thoughts, but.... wow. the audio quality is just superb, as is the build. i know tom has pedigree in this sector but honestly, i'm surprised by just how impressed i am. the whole campaign has been incredibly well run; a perfect example of kickstarter done right. . this has to be the most professional ks campaign that i've backed. very very happy.
shock horror, arrived in reading uk. i was expecting 50 kg of salt, what a surprise to find como audio on the senders details. great work guys, many thanks
apple app store:  como audio https://itunes.apple.com/us/developer/como-audio/id1156517069
its called como control by como audio
heres the android googleplay app: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details…
received mine, quality build, extremely nice sound. good connections. one remark, the lcd screen has a bit of bleed at the left side, which is a pity. the lcd is also rather greyish when the clock is showing, not black like in the picture above.
@rogier, maybe it's supported, but the exfat file system is quite well supported on multiple oses.
hello, i can not find the "como control" app on google playstore. i`m located in switzerland, a none eu state. is this the problem? mfg peter
hi tom, would it be possible to extend the usb file system support to using ntfs format? usb sticks and harddisks today do not use fat and mbr any more as the storage limits of these archaic file systems are exceeded. furthermore an smb client to connect to a shared media source would also be a fantastic addition to the already impressive capabilities list.thanks!
hello, listening radios all from all over the world in my kitchen is an incredible experience, well done !!! f.... great product !!! kiss from france, gabriel
does anybody know how to remove the telescoping antenna to hook up an external antenna with an f connector? i can figure out how to detach it.
hello, im backer #749 and still waiting for my duetto (im frm vietnam). any update for this location mr. tom devesto. tks.
received my solo and i absolutely love it.  the powerful crisp clear sound is amazing!!!  the set up was extremely easy and i love the look of the design.  another great audio product from tom devesto!!
hi all.  yes, there is a sleep function in the main menu. press and hold the menu knob, rotate the knob to "main menu" and push the knob in to select it, rotate the knob again to "sleep" and push in to select, rotate the menu knob once again to the sleep time you prefer and press the menu knob in to activate the sleep timer. press the source knob in repeatedly to get back to the "now playing" screen. the sleep icon and sleep time will be shown at the bottom of the display. done and done!  ps: download the "complete" user manual on our web site which describes the sleep function along with many other interesting things you may not know about your solo or duetto. enjoy.
got my duetto and love it!
hi there, received mine today (france / backer n°1019) by ups. and... it rocks ! really cool, really nice, very nice sound : extremely satisfied by this campaign (great communication, great everything !) just a question : sadly, there isn't sleep functionality (play the music, and the music goes off automaticly after some minutes, etc...) is it planned in the future through an update ? it's the only thing missing for me :) thanks again
are things not being shipped roughly in order? 700 sent, but i'm backer 191; no tracking number received yet.
q: can anyone tell me if artwork should show when playing music from a usb stick? a from como audio: no. usb mode will show track time and meta data (if available), but not artwork.
amsterdam delivered and up and running within minutes. love it.
still waiting for my duetto. backer #6 in flodida
is it possible to get a tracking # please? still waiting for #739 in california.
can anyone tell me if artwork should show when playing music from a usb stick?  thanks.
hello everyone! in an effort to answer a recurring question, both our eu and us warehouses should be set up now to provide an automated message with your tracking information once shipped. there will be a reference message that notes either kickstarter or como audio. thanks again for the support!  the como audio team
ignore me, faq does say int shipping cost includes vat, which is awesome.
tracking number would be nice, #191 waiting in uk. the impatient part of me wants to see it on route :)
the extra cost for international shipping is cause it's more expensive to ship but also include s additional tech, eg in uk with have dab radio and dab+, so that's added to the unit. vat etc would be paid on arrival if its shipped from outside the eu.
@antonio check out the faq: "why does international shipping cost $100 per unit?". my interpretation is that vat and other duties are included. question: anybody outside of usa received their product yet?  is european shipping from italy? very much looking forward! paul
@louisa-  you can purchase more at www.comoaudio.com.
hello, it's fantastic! i m looking forward my solo! i would like to buy one more, where can i place the order? thanks!
hi tom it is a great news that you have started to ship the products. could you please help to answer my questions i did september, 5th? can you please confirm that the shipment to europe will include customs payment? thanks, antonio
hello tom devesto, great to see that things are going well. will there be tracking numbers provided for international shipments? also is there an estimated delivery time frame for the south east asia region? thanks.
received my duetto this morning..great looking!...easy setup, super sound from a unit this size!!..couldn't be happier,so glad i backed this project. fantastic job tom & crew!
#102 not yet received in washington state.
great way to end a hectic week, surprised to find my beautiful hickory solo had arrived.  sound is awesome, super simple to set up.   i got mine and texted my son, who immediately ran to his door to find his piano white duetto at his home.  nice work como audi team!  everything i hoped for and dared to believe.
backer 323...just got my duetto as well...i didnt get a tracking email heads up or anything so it came as a nice surprise.  the unit came nicely packaged and i am really glad i chose the hickory model. so far have i have only listened to internet radio but i am very impressed with the sound...lots of sound from a unit this side for sure. i am controlling it with the como control app from an android phone and no issues immediately discernible...navigation appears to be a combo of swiping the screen and hitting the back arrow button....i will try the app on my ipad next. one thing i noticed that for some song titles with unicode characters, the title in the app and on the duetto screen do not appear correctly...is this a known issue?
just got my duetto?!! talk about a great friday!!!
i could almost pee my pants i'm so excited!! i've waited over a year for a t-shirt from kickstarter – this project is exceeding my expectations so far.
latest update is amazing. como could well be the most seemless ks campaign i've been part of.
october is almost here, is there any news? how is production going/has it started? if you have run into any issues what sort of impact is it having on the anticipated ship date? i am just anxious and lack patience, and am excited. it doesn't help working and living very close to boston where you are located...if you want to save on shipping i would be glad to drive down and pick mine up. :)
casey, thanks - i think i got tripped up by the kickstarter ui. that dialog needs a little design love - it's ambiguous and easily misinterpreted (by me, anyway!).
patrick, that field is so when you receive it you can check that "got it" field.
when i "view pledge" for this project, the dialog claims that my reward has been delivered. have shipments begun? when? i haven't received anything at all.
the airpods are just bluetooth headphones, pretty standard stuff, they'll work with any iphone (or any other phone) with bluetooth on-board - it's not new tech.
will como audio products support the new leading-edge apple standard below? you have the option to go wireless so why did apple do away with the auxiliary port? to make room for new technology, like the w1 chip, which allows you to go completely wireless should you so choose. beginning in late october, apple will be offering its wireless airpods, which pair with your iphone and will retail for $159. apple also announced that beats will be offering a selection of compatible headphones.
what will be the be the best way to listen to apple music on my new duetto? it would be nice to control it wirelessly.
hi tom in previous kickstarter project i contributed i was forced to pay a high quantity of money to customs to dhl before receiving the shipment. would you please confirm which will be the shipping country and if you have already covered this bad scenario? thanks antonio
tom we would all love to see some production pictures. do you have any you can share?
hey tom, any news/progress you can share? thanks, andrea
i sent a message asking if it would be possible to switch from the solo to the duo - please respond to my message! (i understand that i would need to pay the difference, and i need to know asap what would that difference be).  thanks!
sorry,  i misunderstood the upgrade offer, and see that $349 is still the appropriate price. i still need the survey resent. thanks
i pledged $350 for a duetto so that i could chose a white one. at the time i could have pledged at the $300 level, but wanted white, so i pledged at the higher level. as the white is now an upgrade at the $300 level, i need a $50 credit. i sent an email two weeks ago, but i did not hear from you. i would appreciate the favor of a reply. thank you, steve ryerson  sreverye@xmission.com
i am so excited to be a part of this. i have an old tivoli radio that i listen to every day (going on 14+ years now). the sound and craftsmanship are top notch. however, i've been very frustrated with trying to listen to my extensive music library (wireless hard drive), podcasts (ipad), live radio (iphone), and internet radio (phone, pad and laptop). with the devices there's always a problem whether it's a software update needed, an old charging cord because the battery is long gone, the device is full from shooting video for work or the damn thing starts ringing. when i saw duetto on instagram i was instantly hooked. i'm very much looking forward to getting my (hopefully hickory but walnut is lovely too) duetto whenever the little gem is ready. thank you tom, you're a treasure. while i can wait, i am very excited to have all of my audio delight in one lovingly crafted, beautiful device. thank you for your fine work now and over these many years.
hi tivoli techno guys team , i wish all of you the best and i am sure you are going to do your best for us ,:take care of you men , very many thanks with my greetings from istanbul , turkey .
hi, what is the packaging size and weight of the comos duetto?
lawrence can the bose sound dock 10 do all of what the solo does, especially support 24/192?  i doubt it.  this alone, along with usb inputs, speakers outputs, etc., etc. on the solo and duetto make it more than suitable as your go-to audio player imo.  about the only drawback for the big audiophiles i would say is that i haven't read that it natively supports dsd and if i'm wrong i apologize tom.
hi tom how would the como compare to other similar products in terms of sound quality like the bose sound dock 10. do you have a comparison table for the major brands against the como.
we will be sending out a survey within the next couple of weeks where each backer will be able to specify their shipping address in addition to what finish they want for their systems.
finish options should be in the survey billy. (when it's sent)
i want to change the finish of my unit from walnut to hickory, now that it is available-  how do i do that ?
question on the aerial, i was thinking can the aerial be removed and replaced with an external aerial?  the reason for this is in certain buildings normal aerials have issues (i.e. metal clad industrial building).
would you change color of duetto walnut to white which i have pledged?
@tom: i have sent you a private message and clarify my questions with you offline.
congrats!  this is my first successful kickstarter pledge. i have a restored 1937 zenith "racetrack" tabletop am radio to go along with this totally updated and stylish solo. i love the look and the features. i'm sure it will sound as good as it looks.
@girish hari as i understand it, the way kickstarter works is that each reward is a pledge level - it isn't exactly the same as each reward being something to "buy." you cannot get more than one reward level, even by pledging the amount of money required to get say, 2 or 3. i'm unfamiliar with what the process is to back and choose a reward - do you choose to back for a certain amount (in your case, $550) and then choose from the rewards that you are qualified for? unfortunately, we did not have a $550 level, reason being that the $275 price for duetto was an "early bird special" for our first backers. at the $650 level, we offered two duettos in any of the 4 cabinets (walnut, hickory, piano white, piano black) - essentially two of the $350 level "first edition" duettos. you pledged thinking you would get two in walnut, correct? we will speak to kickstarter and figure out a way to solve this problem, and get right back to you! please send us a quick private message so that we can better communicate with you.
@evangeline tarver we're very excited too, and can't wait to get you your system!
@sean shanahan we're excited to get the systems out to you! all 4 cabinet options (walnut, hickory, piano white and piano black) are available for those who backed at the whole house level.
@kevin d. bond yes, stay tuned!
i paid $550 hoping that i can order two pieces of the duetto, where a single unit costed $275. but the confirmation email i received today indicated that my order is only piece. i am a little confused. can you please clarify?
tom: so excited for you and your team!  looking forward to receiving my new system.
hey, tom.  as a long time tivoli fan, i'm very excited about the new system.  i'm sorry to be obtuse, but i'm wondering whether the piano black option will be available for those who backed at the whole house system level.  just thinking through possible options.  thanks!
excited! but, i am still hoping that something like airplay can be 'upgraded' once / if you get approved for mfi. also, what if 'spotify' ever goes under / gets bought etc? would it be possible or the app to change the dedicated spotify button? finally, if using the alarm feature, what if you wanted sirius to be the source? would it be able to control your bluetooth connected phone to 'play'? (i.e. when hitting play on your bt connected headphones?) either way, i'm excited for this product as i've been looking for a great player/speaker regardless for a room we're working on.
will you be selling a matched external speaker for the solo?
thank you very much for the clarification, very happy to hear i won't have to pay an extra $100 on top of the pledge+shipping :)
hi roy, for whatever reason i did not see this until now.  we will pay the mva.  that, and the upgrade to dab+,  is why we are charging the extra money. all the best, tom
i sent this as a message to tom devesto three weeks ago before backing, but since i've yet to receive an answer i've backed it so that i can post my concern here. i live in norway, and normally we have to pay 25% vat (it's not called that here, but it's the same thing) on most items we order from companies outside of norway. essentially this means that if i "buy" this item (which is essentially what i'm doing if i back it) for $400 ($300 backing +$100 shipping), i will have to pay $100 extra (i.e. +25% of the price i paid) to the norwegian customs authorities, plus the shipping company will charge a fee on top of that for declaring the shipment. is this what is covered in the $100 for international shipping, or is this something that i will have to pay in addition? just to be clear, we're not talking about a customs duty - most kinds of items are exempt from that here (i think it's pretty much clothing and foodstuff that still has it), but it is a 25% vat (here it's called mva, previously moms) that applies to all imported merchandise over a certain value (350 nok including shipping, which is just over $40). would really appreciate a quick clarification on this, because if +$100 suddenly becomes +$200 i may have to reconsider my pledge.
@creator thanks for the explanation tom. i was wondering if you could address which dac is used in the duetto as well as how the aux inputs work with regard to hi res audio? thanks in advance!
@randall @ian  solo is 2x30 watt - it has a stereo amp built in so that you can add a second speaker for better stereo separation.
@randall thanks! i wonder if the solo is 1 x 30 watt and that there is a typo? seems more logical to have a second amp for the second speaker set of the duetto. either way i'm sure it will sound great but i still look forward to having some light shed on my questions by @creator. thanks @randall!
@ian- the only question i can definitively answer is this: 2 x 30 watt rms amplifier, < 1% thd this is located on the ks campaign page listing the specs.
@randall beaton thanks for that spec sheet. i read that over but i still have a few questions for @creator  1. i am unfamiliar with how i can get high res audio via any aux input...can you elaborate? 2. what are the capabilities of the unit's dac? or which dac chip is being used? 3. in the video tom mentions 60w rms but the spec sheets lists 30w...so, which is it? :) thanks to anyone that can answer these questions definitively.
@ian- here is the complete spec list that i found... http://www.comoaudio.com/my-product/tom-devesto-profile/
@creator could you (or someone) please elaborate on the hi-res capabilities of the solo and/or duetto? i currently run 24/192 via nas but would like to get the same resolution in more compact package for a smaller room in my house. what connectivity will ensure i'm getting the full quality? thanks!
hello, i ordered an early bird solo. anyway that i can get the early bird duetto instead?
@steve dondo yes, we appreciated you pointing that out! it appears that you have pledged $300, which would be the kickstarter edition duetto. you will have the option to choose between walnut and hickory cabinets.
oops- saw it. it does have auto voltage input
@creator will this be able to take in 220v of power? sorry if asked before
yes, i see you have fixed the error in your listing that i pointed out 25 days ago. what are the exact options that you are making availible to me? thanks steve dondo
this looks like a wonderful audio device and i'm looking forward to enjoying mine when it arrives. :) any possibility that a north american hd tuner will be added to the unit as a stretch goal?
addendum...you could stream your sirius via your phones bluetooth.  that would work.
internet radio, spotify, dab (international) and fm radio are supported. no sirius support. you can stream pandora with the use of chrome cast or amazon dot.
do you support sirius radio?
@ tom devesto thanks for the comment about airplay support. i appreciate that one of your design goals was a multi-room system, and that airplay doesn't support this. that said, i too would like to chime in with others that airplay support would be a great feature for people who only purchase a single unit.
@ rob vonk we felt that solo and duetto needed different screen sizes. duetto's screen would be too big for solo, and solo's screen would be too small for duetto.
@ mike rogers pandora is supported through the use of google chromecast.
how will pandora be supported?  many thanks!
@ creator. why is the screen larger on the duo? it's this not making the production process more complicated.
great idea, thank you! 1. is it possible to use subscriptions and to put passwords (e.g. radiotunes, jazz radio etc)? 2. is it possible to stream music from local nas?
1. what kind of power plug is supplied with the power cord? can we choose? 2. the radio stations in my country don't broadcast using dab (i don't care for it anyway...). it's rather unfair that all international backers have to pay for the upgrade to dab+ don't you think?
after hearing the awesome sound from the duetto during your "how-to" video....i honestly think i will be kicking myself for going with the early bird solo instead of the early bird duetto!!!  nothing beats stereo sound!  but like all of your audio equipment from the past...i know i will still be extremely pleased with the solo and i can't wait to receive it!!
fantastic idea! been searching for a product like this. beautifully designed too. can't wait to get my solo tom!
@tom devesto. i'll deal with the manual entering of the password, but for those crazy people like me who has a very long complicated password it's a pita. the way chromecast  handles it is very nice. the setup application uses a private network to communicate to the device, and then you can copy/paste the wifi password into the application on your phone. the app then sends to password to the device and you're all setup.
@mark jacobs  yes, the wifi password is stored. no, the only way to enter the password is manual entry.
@ kevin d. bond you can adjust the brightness of the screen, you can set it so that the screen goes dark after the unit is put into standby, and yes, you will be able to choose between an analog and digital clock display.
just backed the solo very sleek design! can we see a video showing the sound on the solo also what size environment it is recommended for?
can you adjust the brightness of the screen?  if so, what is the range of brightness adjustment? also, i like a nice analog clock display, but some people might prefer a digital clock display, will it be possible to select the clock type?
once the wifi password is entered is it stored anywhere so it does not have to be re-entered again if the unit loses power? outside of manual entry, is there anyway to enter the password?
awesome video!  thanks for providing it.  two question, one which you may have already answered, but i'm slow when it come to technical things.  first, is there a stereo line output on the solo so i can listen with an external stereo speaker, like my bose mini ii, instead of mono when i choose to.  second, i'm assuming the detailed specification on your website are up-to-date?  thanks
thanks so much! with such great customer service como audio is sure to be successful long after this kickstarter campaign!
thank you for your latest update. i will cherish and enjoy the hickory como duetto for years to come.
i can understand the paint lacquers costing an additional $50 since someone theoretically has to paint them, but why wouldn't the hickory be an available option for the kickstarter editions? is the cost of hickory vs walnut really that prohibitively higher?
hi, i also strongly prefer the hickory option and am a kickstarter edition backer. would it be financially feasible to add the hickory option to kickstarter edition backers as a stretch goal of $125,000? thanks for your consideration!
i'm not interested in the lacquer finishes but i actually really preferred the hickory to the walnut and would have appreciated being included in the first stretch goal as a loyal kickstarter backer. if there is any possible way to do that, i would more than appreciate it.
ok, thanks for the explanation! i'm sure these will be great!
hi, just to check, will all the different country plug head be included in the packaging or it is dependent on the place where the speaker is being shipped to? and also, possible to know the packaging size ?
@ paul evans i understand your point of view.  we originally gave the first choice of colors at the first edition level because the second color we offered was piano white,  a significantly more expensive option than the walnut.  this is due to a combination of large purchase of real hardwood veneers of walnut (we feel it will be our largest seller by far) and the additional cost of labor and materials for the piano lacquer. there are no other differences in the features, quality or performance of the two. several folks have already backed us at the first edition level to the choice of walnut or white.  we did this before we had decided on stretch goals. we think the products are still a fantastic buy at the first edition level and hope you will join in.
i am also of the opinion that stretch goals should be applicable to all backers (not just first editions). this leads to inclusion with no one left out. it does no good to me - as a backer of a kickstarter edition - to meet stretch goals that are not applicable to me. i guess the only difference between first edition and the rest is availability in other finishes (and that the specs are the same). maybe you are trying for an exclusive feel. in which case maybe i will reconsider my participation.
@ rob vonk the stretch goals (choice of hickory or black) do not apply to the "early bird" and "kickstarter" editions.
i really like the radio. i have one small question. does the stretched goal also apply to the early bird and the kickstarter editions? it should be, but it was not clear to me.
@ gary d'onofrio yes, as a matter of fact, we've included nfc, which allows android users instant connection to bluetooth by simply holding their phone on the top of the systems. (apple does not support this feature)
is this compatible with android? didn't watch the video yet.
@ james arnold no, you don't need the chromecast. spotify is built in. we took a look at the gramovox floating record player and you'll have no trouble hooking it up with a y adapter from rca to miniature stereo. those two would look great together!
confused about the whole chromcast thing. do i need one to pull in spotify on this device?  it's the main reason for me pledging, that and hooking up my gramavox floating record player which is almost the same color at the walnut duetto unit.
thanks tom, spotted the new picture go up.... now the circles make sense. nice execution, i've got a chromecast audio already so i'm happy it won't be made redundant :)
@ greg channer the "shipping" cost includes more than just the actual shipping cost - it also includes the upgrade to dab+ and vat.
@ t' to use google chromecast in conjunction with the systems, the module is required - it is not "onboard." we will be posting photos showing it connected to the systems shortly.
hi, im interested in upgrading to the solo & duetto though the usd$200 postage to sydney, australia seems very high.  with a flat rate of usd$100 per unit which appears it is not reflecting current insured priority mail prices. given the dimensions and assumed weight of the two units (solo & duetto) a shipment via a courier company would not cost usd$200, can you please revise this and provide accurate costs as i would like to upgrade if it is not too costly thanks
a couple comments below you say... "google chromecast, which we supply usb power and cable for." so is chromecas audio a required extra, or is it 'onboard' so to speak?
@kevin d. bond once you have programmed pandora into one of the presets from chromecast, you can access pandora by simply pressing that preset, no phone needed.
i would prefer pandora built in otherwise i am tethered to my phone again. and being able too play music without the phone is the attractive feature of the como.
@kevin d. bond it is supported through google chromecast, which we supply usb power and cable for.
@rogiet yes, the antenna is detachable.
will pandora streaming be supported?
is the telescoping external dab/fm antenna detachable? possibly to change for a coax cable connection?
@vincent alvo great to hear that you are excited about the music system. we understand that you see the remote as unnecessary, but we feel that for those who do not have a smartphone or simply like having a physical remote, it is an important aspect of the product. we have a design team based in como, italy, and the product was developed in conjunction with them from the united states (tom devesto is the primary designer) - to begin with, they will be made in the far east. the international shipping cost covers vat and the upgrade to dab+ for international countries, in addition to shipping.
love this radio, it has just everything i was looking for. i'm the happy owner of a ruark radio, which i love but feel a bit limited on connectivity. that said, really i would skip the remote controller entirely. phone app is good enough! make it cheaper (or improve your margin), but we don't need a remote in 2016. btw, why is shipping to eu so expensive? the product is said to be made in italy. that's a shame... amazing product nevertheless!
please indicate if this radio shares any circuitry or code with a previous product: cambridge soundworks ambiance 2 bt wifi music system with internet radio bluetooth i owned one of these at one time.
hi, tom, peter and all of you. first, congratulations, i've been waiting for something like these products for a long long time. i was tempted by roberts wifi radios, but yours are clearly more adapted to the new technologies. at first i missed any kind of ipod connection, but it seems clear that you're going to standard connections, and that's ok. it would be great if you can add a list of input/output ports to the campaign description, as i can read many of us have been trying to read the rear views -and discovering that the ports are different in the solo and the duetto. e.g., what is the service port? another question is: will it support podcasts? will it allow direct url for radio stations not included in vtuner? final one: will only international deliveries support dab+? the faq seems to point that. let me explain my case: i live in the us but i'm european, i'm not paying the international delivery but i'll eventually get use of the dab+. thank you for your good work.
hi all. i'm peter skiera, senior product developer for como audio.  we have read a lot of passionate comments regarding airplay.  let me just say, tom, the founder and designer, uses airplay himself, and personally owns a multitude of apple devices, as does his family. he relates to the arguments in favor of airplay and "gets it".  in fact, como audio applied for enrollment in apple's mfi program to investigate airplay. our enrollment form was rejected because we called out our products' multi-room capability. we were required to re-submit our enrollment form acknowledging multi-room audio solutions are not supported for airplay. our revised enrollment form is now pending approval.  we will continue our dialogue with apple to help determine the right solution for our products now and in the future.  every comment about airplay, or anything else, is read, and we very much appreciate you taking the time to thoughtfully and respectfully share your important thoughts with us. keep your comments, and your support, coming!
+2 for an am radio.  still love am radio...versus pulling it in over the internet.
well said, @r shepherd.  i noticed the same thing last night but started second guessing myself since i also normally stream to one speaker, but have done more than one in the past.  so i have the same situation when listening to music, especially dropping out of bt range.  normally i'm listening to the siriusxm app or streaming my own music collection via airplay or bt.  i definitely prefer airplay for the reasons you mention.  i have two bose bt speakers and a few airplay connected devices, so i'm currently evaluating where this fits into my setup.
i was surprised to read the statement in the faq section that "we have not included airplay because it does not currently support multi-room streaming.” i own a macbook air, macbook pro, and an imac, and all of them stream to multiple devices in different rooms using apple airplay with itunes. this is convenient when guests are over and i wish to have the same music playing throughout the house. needless to say, i would love to have the ability also to stream to the duetto i have on order, in addition to the four devices i can currently simultaneously stream to via airplay on any of my macs. it is true that my ios devices, my iphone and ipad, will currently only stream to one airplay device at at time. that used to be the case with macs, so i expect apple to add multiple device airplay streaming from iphones and ipads in the future. but from a practical standpoint, when streaming from my iphone or ipad, i typically stream to only one device at a time - the device that’s in the room i’m listening in. bluetooth only streams to one device at a time, but airplay has a huge advantage over bluetooth for streaming to one device in that when using bluetooth, when my iphone is in it’s normal location in my pocket, when i walk out of the room and not too far away the bluetooth connection is lost and the audio can no longer be heard and must be restarted upon my return. on the other hand, since airplay uses my home wifi network, my duetto would continue playing while i'm traveling anywhere in the house (and in close proximity outside) with my iphone or ipad, so i would not lose my streaming connection, which would still up and running when i return to the room.  i sincerely hope tom devesto and the como audio team will recognize the advantages of airplay to the many apple device owners who have purchased or will be considering purchasing the solo or duetto, and make the decision add airplay to the feature set found in these radio/streaming devices. as it now stands, airplay is the one very significant omission in como audio’s new offerings, and adding airplay would greatly increase the ownership satisfaction of apple device owners. on behalf of iphone, ipad, and mac users, thank you for your consideration of this request.
is there the ability to add custom urls for internet radio stations that aren't supplied with the system?
please check your $400 pledge description. i believe there is a typo stating you will receive two duetto units.
@tom, thanks very much i can finally upgrade mi tivoli model two radio with the sound and design i love. please add apple music.
@tom i noticed that you now have pictures of the back of the unit.  i see line out and speaker.  line out looks like an 1/8" stereo plug.  speaker looks like a powered 1/4" phone jack for a single speaker?  i also see a switch marked mono st l r, i assume this is to select the output for the speaker output jack.  is it a 1/4" trs jack or something else?  and is that speaker output powered?  thanks!
@tom  please provide some screen specifications (resolution, type of lcd, back light adjustment, etc.).  i zoom in on the pictures and do and see a menu knob -- therefore i assume this is not a touch screen. i'm assuming the vertical buttons are presets. how many presets are possible via the unit itself and in the application/remote? is the remote infra red or bluetooth (i like roku's implementation of an audio jack on the remote for nighttime listening)? any chance of walking us through the menu options so we can see settings, connection to wifi, etc.?
@creator what does the back of the device look like? can you connect audio output to another amplifier (ie line out) or directly to external speakers (powered)?
@andreas j. greiner no plans for a windows universal app at this time. luckily, most of the functions of the systems can be used without an app.
@ mark jacobs: yes, and the amount of time before the unit shuts off can be set to your preference.
@t' a frequency response is not a relevant indicator of what any speaker will sound like from one room to another - because of that, we have never published one. that said, there is a photo of our engineers near the bottom of the page that will give you a pretty good idea of what a particular frequency response graph of our solo product looks like.
@darshan ragbir we have added a $400 2 solo deal!
@candis crossley yes, the "first edition" bundle will be offered in hickory if we hit the $100,000 mark, for both solo and duetto.
i was wondering if you guys reach the $100,000 mark, will the duetto and solo bundle be offered both in hickory?
any chance of a deal for 2 solos? as it is you can still get 2 at $200 separately, as opposed to the $450 tier. thanks! this looks fantastic!
+1 for proper am receiver
just put us over the top with a solo order.
apologies if i missed this on the campaign page, but could you share the frequency response graph?
do the units have a sleep timer where the music would automatically turn off after a set time?
backed duetto! @tom devesto if your team needs a hand with the ux or visuals on the app. let me know! i'd love to contribute!
just backed the duetto, super excited! can we see a rendering of the back panel?
do you plan to write an windows universal app for the como audio system?.  if not, do you plan to provide the api that i can write my own app?
looks like a great product in the making. any chance on adding a true am tuner? it feels a radio is not complete without it. great to see dab+. any chance of an app for windows (phone) ? would it be possible to post pictures of the back connections?
i second r sheperds suggestion. i would love to see airplay supported by the end of the kickstarter. any chance of making it a stretch goal?
http://www.theverge.com/circuitbreaker/2016/6/9/11896608/como-audio-connected-speaker-radio-kickstarter-launch
@tony l i don't believe this has the necessary receiver for siriusxm. you're probably looking at streaming from your phone either bluetooth or one of the aux. inputs if your phone supports it.
hello, i just got on board.  what will be the best way to listen to my siriusxm account? will i have to stream it from my phone like i do now with my bose speakers, or will it be able to access it directly like it will spotify?  thanks.
two beautifully designed units, but please add apple airplay before they are released.
can you hook up external speakers to the device (either directly meaning it powers them or via line out)? also can you tell m more about multi room synchronized audio playback? what is the precision between devices (ie something in milliseconds)?
will the unit have stereo line-level outputs (so you can hook it up to a preamp, for example)?
@tom please provide some screen specifications (resolution, type of lcd, back light adjustment, etc.).  i zoom in on the pictures and do and see a menu knob -- therefore i assume this is not a touch screen. i'm assuming the vertical buttons are presets. how many presets are possible via the unit itself and in the application/remote? is the remote infra red or bluetooth (i like roku's implementation of an audio jack on the remote for nighttime listening)? any chance of walking us through the menu options so we can see settings, connection to wifi, etc.?
hi, does como solo able to rec'd fm/dab+ radio @hk? thanks
@trogdor we agree, audio comparisons are subjective - that said, we know of no product that is using the combination of rigid wooden construction, high power digital amplifier, dome tweeter and 4-layer voice coil that we use. your question about 5 ghz wifi band/802.11n/ac: the system is dual band, supports 5 ghz, supports 802.11n, not 802.11ac. we are affiliated with vtuner for our internet radio search. software upgrades will come over a wi-fi connection- the user will be prompted to upgrade and then the system will update. we will put out new software upgrades as we add new features. warranty: 2 year, all parts and labor. repair or exchange at company option.
hi @tom i gave some grace digital audio products -- realizing comparisons are difficult and subjective -- how would you rank your sound quality as compared to other products in this same sphere? does this support 5 ghz wifi band? 802.11n? 802.11ac? who are you affiliated with for your internet radio search? please elaborate a bit on the firmware upgrade process and plans for upgrades over time. also looking for any warranty information on the product. thanks!
question answered.  thanks!
@ mark collins what do you mean by the first question? if the bluetooth speaker does have a stereo audio input, then you can hook it up from our stereo output. if your speaker transmits via bluetooth then you can connect via bluetooth.
@ steve sax: 1. am radio only on the internet, built in fm and dab+. 2. yes, we will get right on it! 3. yes, you can set two alarms, and you can wake to whichever source you want!
@ steve sax: 1. am radio only on the internet, built in fm and dab+. 2. yes, we will get right on it! 3. yes, you can set two alarms, and you can wake to whichever source you want!
@ steve sax: 1. am radio only on the internet, built in fm and dab+. 2. yes, we will get right on it! 3. yes, you can set two alarms, and you can wake to whichever source you want!
@ zeus: glad that you like the design!
can i hook up a bluetooth stereo speaker to the solo?  also, is the is the audio output mini jack on the back stereo?
@creator - 3 questions- 1. can it receive am radio? 2. can you post a pic of the back of the unit including connections? 3. can it be used as an alarm clock (wake to audio at a specified time?). i have a tivoli and love it!
very nice mixture of classical stereo plus a very modern design! absolutely fantastic!
