thank you so much gail!! i'd love to feature in you in a future "what's in your bag?" profile and hear all about you and your adventures :)
i've been using my valerie bag nonstop for over a year now - it's so functional!  and it still looks just as new - brand new really - as when i got it, and it's been a lot places :)
we just received the valerie bag and my wife absolutely loves it! unfortunately she's not able to commute every day on her motorcycle, but every day she has, she's worn taken her bag with her. so many cool features, looks great, and she's delighted with it. thank you so much!
i'm really loving the valerie and have used it as my everyday bag since the first day i transferred my things from my other bag. at first i didn't think i could fit my stuff in it but i found that i could - credit cards, bills.change, photo, lip gloss, keys, pen and a few other small things.  the bag has two 'sections' that are expandable without adding bulk - phone and lip gloss on one side, bills, pen on the other.  i really like the red accent color, the soft leather tassel, and the hardware detail, it looks smart with a low profile, overall i love  my valerie!
yay! @ sean mcgrane - my garage is now a fulfillment center :)
got mine today!
happy new year to you @erin lawler!  it's been an amazing start, with supporters like you enabling me to move forward with production for motochic. i'm hoping you will have many good memories with your lauren bag. thanks for sending any fellow adventurers my way!! pre-order functionality should be up on www.motochicgear.com by week of 1/12/15. happy trails!
just wanted to say happy new year. :)  i'm looking forward to receiving the lauren and using this bag on my trips. i'll have to keep your contact info on hand. i'm sure i'll run into fellow riders who will want to know where to pick one up. :)
how completely exciting!  a huge milestone .... done!  look forward to watching progress of 'our' new company!!!
congratulations!  your motochic bags are functional, stylish and a must have  for any active female.  an excellent gift  and/or self purchase.
heads up longchamp, there's a wild new player in town!
@tasha! thank you so much. i got by with a lot of help from my new/old friends ;)
congrats on reaching your goal. great product ideas. you should be proud. you did it. :d
so inspired by and proud of you debra, congrats on the big shark tank win!
quality, design and good features.  all makes for a good product.  you go girl!!!
@gail bower:
looks awesome!
@marc marasco:
@robin dail/moto girl cafe: hi robin! thanks for the kind words and support l! love your site and looking forward to future collaboration on how we can keep the market for women's gear thriving!
@becky hellwig: thanks becky!  love reading your silicon valley lodge blog for in the know fun stuff!!
wonderful!  just backed...can't wait to until february.
you are so talented! this bag looks amazing, stylish and functional. i can see it having broader appeal beyond bikers (e.g. students, moms, working women, athletes/gym rats, etc.).
debra, i love your idea and support it! the backpack is very cool and i know it will be a fantastic addition to the limited ladies' motorcycling gear available! i hope you will team up with me at moto girl café (www.motogirlcafe.com) to market your backpack once it's available!
this is so awesome.  i might have to get two of these.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
