i want to know if they might be compensating people who paid for the diy plans that they discontinued. i get that it would have been slow as you say on the github but people still paid for those plans.
has anyone got a working product? i still haven't even received my pledge!
in my small flat i cant find post where this device works and covers all devices. after i just bought this one http://www.banggood.com/broadlink-black-bean-smart-home-wifi-remote-ir-controller-universal-appliances-smart-control-p-1049494.html… and it works excellent and have wifi. i can trigger every device when i am not home ! and costs 12$$$
just messaged them to find out where my reward is....
any one else see this?  https://www.amazon.com/anymote-home-universal-control-android/dp/b016sie5bc/
still nothing... :(
i'm backer 1332 nick stöhr, can you tell me were my product is? or please refund me too...
sir where is my product? you ask for respect but don´t you don´t send either the product or news !!! can you send us any news about the product or refund? thanks
nothing :(
nothing yet
nothing recieved at all.
where is my reward? didn't receive it
scammers- discredit to kickstarter and anyone who ever hires them.
shitty kickstarter app... last firmware upgrade finally made the thing work reliably. no more lost connections or syncing struggles. latency is still annoying, but at least it is usable. finally worth recommending.
last firmware update
because no one responds to the forum or kickstarter posts anymore.
i thought when i go got my anymote it was great.  soon i discovered it was a bit buggy; it isn't reliable at connecting to tablet and commands don't always issue.  unfortunate, because i really like the concept (hence my kickstart support).  i will try again soon and see if it's any better.  why is there not more post kickstart support?   forums/community, etc?
nyc here.... got mine about 2 months ago.... real glitchy out the box, tried the update, same.... currently a paperweight....
i did not get my anymote , the tracking i got never moved after it came into the country, no response from post office.
also nothing received
me and no reply
nothing received?
how do i get my order?
mine didn't work very well when i first got it. i tried again last night. it worked great. there was a firmware update that may have something to do with it.
id still like to return if possible
haven't received yet
i have not received my anymote as yet. my order was to be delivered to the united  arab emirates. please advise accordingly
hi there, i had been very busy this 2015 and i didn't see the message for the shipment of the anymote ... would you please help me to receive my reward. thanks in advance.
lawrence faulkner on october 27 @anymote, would you please show us the orientation of the 4 ir leads in relation to the logo on top or the battery compartment / bluetooth button? i'm trying to avoid multiple repositioning rotations. - something to add to your online manual.
anyone want to purchase 3 more or can i return mine?
@color tiger: unfortunately i experienced the same problem as i've seen others mention below. i did receive a package, but the post office didn't notify me in time resulting in a returned package. would it be possible for the package to be sent again?
colortiger, can you check my pledge? i haven't received anything until now. thanks.
mine are useless haven't gotten them to properly work, got 3 of them, one is still in the box, went with logitech hub, works like a charm, any chance i can return these?
never received -
@mateus - your package is being sent again @ng - regarding accurately recording commands, please visit http://anymote.io/faq/#59 @nate, @matt - what kind of phone are you using (android or ios) ? factory reset on the anymote home is done by holding pressed the link/pairing button for 10 seconds
so disappointed with this. the range is not even half as promised. i cant even turn on a line of sight tv just 12ft away. my aircond remote barely work. even i manually record each button, only 2 out of 6 button work!
please color tiger, answer my message. your package arrived but it was returned to you bc the post office didnt warned me on time. i want you to send the package back to me. thanks
@ matt same issue. i set-up all my devices (7) and then a day later only 2 buttons work, up and down volume. i couldn't get it to work more than 24 hours. is there a way to reset it?
nyc here, received mine over 2 weeks ago.... set it up, it crashed, n the app is a buggy nightmare.... currently collecting dust on my coffee table.... not happy.
mine still has not arrived as of november 25 2015. is anyone else still waiting for theirs to arrive?
ios app is seriously flawed and the device clearly have some range issues..  selling mine asap!
tried that said the email was already used
tried that said the email was already used
i had trouble joining the forum as well - no spam and days passed. so i used a new name and the same email and now i'm posting on the forum.
tried to join forum yesterday, no email yet to confirm, checked spam.
i have the same problem as a lot of people here. non of the android devices i've tried are able to connect to the anymote. the this is just sitting there doing nothing except of collecting dust.
hope the forums get some use! waiting for my approval now. maybe open the forums up to the software-only people as well - link to it from the various app stores?
@derrek is not far from the truth. we've been working on 3 things to help with both the setup process and the daily usage: 1. faq, at https://www.anymote.io/faq/ you'll find there instructions setting up the anymote, recording commands, etc 2. forum, at https://www.anymote.io/forum/ many of you have asked for it, and we've just finished setting it up. 3. app onboarding process this is still in progress, but we've been working on the app onboarding process so that some of the confusion is removed when setting up new anymotes. we're getting close to a beta release.
received my unit.  it does exactly what i need it to do.  thanks for producing it.
too busy trying to answer the back log of emails to support
last message from color tiger was 12 days ago. where's the forum?
i have the same problem as a lot of people here. non of the android devices i've tried are able to connect to the anymote. the this is just sitting there doing nothing except of collecting dust.
managed to setup the basic functions of my av devices and create a smart remote using elements from all of them. still can't backup any remote to my account. want to share the remotes with other devices.
can't get it to work. the app will freeze, unable to find the anymote, or say it lost connection. so far it has been a complete waste of money. i really wanted this to work... i guess i can hope on the logitech instead... seemed so promising.
i don't know if my account was reset, but i can now backup (after the update). but only until i add a macro to a smart remote. then it's not possible to backup this particular remote. the macros were created in the previous version... otherwise: i'm still satisfied, even though i cannot judge about the ranges because the room is small, but the anymote reaches a projector in 3 meters heigth.
i also have problems backing up the data after editing the remotes online. everything stopped working on all my devices. i had to reset everything, notnot happy! adding a widget on android now force closes the app. can you reset my account please!
i just thought people should know that the 360 degree feature of anymote isn't quite 360 degrees.  in other words, there is a specific "side" that should point to the devices (recording third-party remotes and executing commands), and you'll have to rotate it when testing to find it.  fyi: color tiger: after recording logitech z5500 optical out button about 10 times. it worked, but only after repeated attempts and restarting both the ios app and the anymote every time.
hey everyone. i managed to record some buttons. hold it 5 cm away from the "anymote" writing on top but in line with the writing (as described in the app or manual). works 4 out of 5 times for me. i was able to record a complete remote that was not in the database. don't forget to test it right away.
this thing is worthless for me. doesn't work have the time for the few devices i can get to work. after many exhausting attempts it won't record buttons very well if at all. took me over 2 days and 20 mins each time to get the power button recorded for my samsung dvr that is not available in the list of devices. this was a waste of money at this point.
did the update do anything? i was working and only got a second to try and saw no difference, having same issues bernard, sucks..got 3 too, then got a logitech harmony hub, in one day i was able to set up the same devices in the same spot as anymote and yesterday told alexa to turn on and off my tv with it, miles ahead.
the very limited range makes it useless to pilot multiple devices, it needs to sit way too close to each one. half of the commands do not work either on my seemingly known sony tv or cisco set top box. recording a remote is impossible, codes are simply not registering. hopefully some software tweaks can improve this otherwise this will be a big disappointment and loss of money as i ordered three.
my feeling is the device works great if led is pointed directly at the hardware.  point the text horizontally at the device.  my implementation of the arduino version of the hardware showed weaknesses in the power of the led ir ( i re-designed and still had software problems).  i was hoping this would be fixed in the prime time version i paid for$$$.  there appears to be many software problems inhibiting the device to work as advertised.  for example, turning my tv on and off works perfectly from big distances, 3+ meters.  try to do anything else with the tv with online remotes or recorded remotes does not work at all~!!!!!  everyone is complaining about the hardware, but i believe it is software that has real issues.  owners of the project don't seem to understand the basic issues or care about fixing them though except for sergiu
i tried the power button on my cable box 10 times and it never worked when i went to test it, i give up, at that rate it will take me hours to record a remote and that's a little ridiculous.
@c beetschen - thank you! the trick is to test the command before you save it. if it doesn't work, try and record it again and again until it works and then save it. a little frustrating, but it is works! now, my anymote is working great with tasker. i just set it up so that via  anymote & autovera (tasker plugin) and that when i come home after work, my stereo will automatically turn on & a sonos playlist will start playing.
still no luck since i have received the device to get any android device running 6.0 to see it in the app.
have problems to connect apple tv remote (
@all for those got ir signal range/angle problem. you can take off or diy the plastic cover that block the ir led, that will improve a lot.
backer from japan.  i have been able to record numerous remotes.  here is what i have done. 1) stand between the anymote and the device the remote is for.   2) hold the remote for the device about 2 inches from the anymote.  make sure one of the ir blasters is directly facing you. 3) press the button the remote 4) the app will give you a green box saying it recorded (don't trust it) 5) move out from in between the anymote and device 6) press the test signal on the app if the button works, then save, if not repeat the steps.  i noticed it took me a few tries to get a good signal recorded that would actually work. now if someone can just fix the direct line of sight issue, so that i can put this in the center of my room on the ceiling and control all my devices, even if they are not in a direct line... using iphone 5s with the device.
my range seems fine.  i am enjoying the power of the unit. the anymote software needs some serious refinement though.  one example of this: after creating a button to execute a macro i discovered that i needed to update the macro.  i was tearing out my hair before i realized that i needed to reassign the button to the same macro for the button to execute updated macro. we need the forum!
this doesn't work: "first connection: you do not need to connect to the anymote using your phone's bluettoth settings. you just need to launch the app, add a new remote, and wait for the app to tell you when/if you need to interact with the anymote. if you want to factory reset the unit for any reason, you can do so by holding pressed the link button for 10 seconds." i can't see any way to add the anymote to this program.  i will not update it by spending $6.99 as it keeps prompting me to do so. be more specific about how to use the program with anymote.
this was a waste of money.  the range on the anymote is terrible - i mean from 6 feet away even rotating to try and position the invisible leds the right way.  this makes controlling multiple devices impossible. there are no connections to iot so the device is pretty boring.  i can't connect to smartthings to join a scene or react to other devices in my house.  ho hum.  i'll be more careful next time.
yep i had the same issue, took the commands then nothing when you go to use it.
i sat for 2 hours recording remotes. it accepted the commands but when i tried using my custom remote it didn't work. the preloaded remote commands work but something is broken. it doesn't record buttons. in addition it renamed the buttons when saving the macro.
anybody successfully record a remote. i can get the anymote to accept the buttons but even with it directly in front of the device it doesn't do anything
has anyone got this to work with an android phone running android 6.0?
@anymote, would you please show us the orientation of the 4 ir leads in relation to the logo on top or the battery compartment / bluetooth button? i'm trying to avoid multiple repositioning rotations.  - something to add to your online manual.
for those having problems pairing with the anymote during setup, try hitting the pair button on the bottom of the device prior to choosing the specific remote for your device. the top of the anymote should light up, then you can choose remote. this worked for me every time.  however,  i am still having range issues.
@creator, i tried using the beta version of the new android app and it constantly crashes when i open it. i uninstalled the app and reinstalled the original version. now i cannot restore my remote that i had previously backed up.
@everyone - i am still replying to all emails sent to sergiu@colortiger.com regarding any kind of issue - the range: the anymote home has a reduced 360 degree range, and individually each of the 4 ir leds when pointed at the equipment can go over 25 feet, depending on what you want to control. rotating the anymote in place should help you find an angle that works consistently, especially since it's not a piece of hardware that you move around daily. also, 2 of the ir leds are pointing 10-15 degrees upwards, so it's easier to point them at hanging tvs or acs. - first connection: you do not need to connect to the anymote using your phone's bluettoth settings. you just need to launch the app, add a new remote, and wait for the app to tell you when/if you need to interact with the anymote. if you want to factory reset the unit for any reason, you can do so by holding pressed the link button for 10 seconds. - recording: if you have a remote that's not in our database, you can record it by selecting "record remote" in the category screen. the recorder works best from distances under 6 feet, while pointing the plastic remote at the "e" letter of the anymote logo. - android users: you need to use the free version of the app to get full anymote support with no crashes. don't worry, you will be automatically upgraded to pro free of charge. @jeff - we're working on setting up a forum right now. a database to share remotes is currently being tested internally (there is something online in the android app, although limited at the moment) @jason - there is no such message in the app. i believe you're talking about the popup that lists the reasons an anymote might not be discovered. i'm replying to your email now, but it sounds like you passed this step after all.
is there a forum for users to help each other program the unit?  also are there ways to upload custom made remote profiles to a database to share?
i just got a time to test anymote today.  first of all, range is terrible and it is very angle dependent. i compared this with my regular remote under ir camera and could tell that anymote's ir led is much much much weaker compared to those on the remote. however, after about 6th time turning on and off i could tell ir led is noticeably more powerful compared to the previous self.  i can now reliably control my receiver and projector together from about 4 meters of distance.
i was really excited to try this device out. connected - turned on tv and off tv. i've tried numerous restarts and app closures but anymote will not reconnect to my devices. shows up in bluetooth search but per your instructions that will not work. please advise. thanks, david
this seems to be a complete waste of time, money, and excitement. can't get a signal to go through. says my router is too close, but it's over 40 feet away. refunds?
just got anymote yesterday. i agree with everyone that the range of anymote is very short. it is like shorter than 2 meter.
i got anymote also,but i found the ir distance is very short about 2 meter even it's new battery and ir database still not much enough. actually i am forward to receiving this remote for a long time,but i am very disappointed now then to buy harmony remote to replace this one.
so after a few hours, i know more, but also have more questions.  i have switched to a different tablet and it is seeing the anymote more reliably.  i've got 4 av units identified and seemingly working. one thing i am stuck on its with my direct tv receiver.  it is the hr24-200 which i have operating in ir mode. i was able to quickly find a set of commands that work with it but there were not any discreet power buttons.  ok, i have learned how to add additional commands via "find compatible commands" . problem is that none of these work! for anything! including commands that already work on the remote i just created (ie power toggle) . how do i get anymote to work with discreet power?
thank you for the anymote. i would also like a tutorial on how to install a remote. especially one that shows how to install a remote that controls the tv and dvr. thank you
got my anymote.  thank you for all your hard work to bring this product to life!  i am having a few issues that i could use some help with. what is the expected range between the anymote and my tablet? i am experiencing difficulties at very short distances. i personally am not having issues with ir distance between equipment and anymote, just bluetooth. also, tutorials would help.  i have found nothing on how to make a compilation remote from scratch. i am just learning to use the app and hardware and am optimistic that it will do what i had hoped. i am very concerned about the bluetooth distance right now as i want to control my equipment from anywhere in the house...
agree with dimitri completely not working unless lined up right near device.
thanks for the remote. looks beautiful. but guys i need to agree that the range is awful.this comes nowhere near the advertised 10 meters. at most 2 meters if you exactly line it up with your equipment. is this possible to change with software updates or should the remote be returned. this should have been noticed with tests.
so far i have connected every android device i own except a nexus 5 and nexus 7 - both running android 6.0. any known issues with marshmallow or nexus devices?
has anyone got one to work properly? i've added numerous devices no issues with that. but either you go thru the set up and it turns the device on then none of the other buttons do anything or it only works part of the time. i've even recorded remotes and they don't do anything. we definitely need a forum.
i'm using a leapfrog-remote-control-range-extender-model-ir-45 to over come the range issue for now.
okay, the learning curve on this device is a bit steep for me.  below i talked about range and how the anymote home could not turn on a device across the room.  i did get this to work.  upon looking through the plastic case at the actual ir blaster, it appears they are not centered to the middle of that little area but are actually off center.  if i eyeball where the ir blaster is actually pointing and set it up on the other side of the room (granted my room is only 3 meters wide) i can get a device (tv) to turn on, but the device has to be exactly inline with the ir blaster.  a device that is 2 feet away (hdd recorder) will not turn on.  turn the anymote so that the ir blaster is directly facing that device (hdd recorder), and it turn on, but the previous device (tv) does not. my issue now is that i am trying to use the anymote to control numerous devices:  tv, hdd recorder, ceiling fan, air conditioner, wifi speakers.  i can get it inline with 2 of these devices, but not with all the others.  is there a way to diffuse the beam so that it is wider or to scatter it?
hey. i experienced some problems regarding backup / restore on ios: 1. backing up a smart remote including macros failed because of duplicated entries. i tried to remove everything but no success. no backup possible even if i delete the macros.  2. i tried using the new web editor beta (access via iphone). i only edited one macro and saved. now i can neither restore remotes or backup remotes in the app because "the data isn't in the right format. " could you please reset my account and take a look into the problem? mail address is identical to the kickstarter address (or send me a pm). thanks a lot! it's a great product.
us backer mine arrived thursday. just picked up today, was able to set up my vizio tv but range is bad have to keep it right next to tv to get it to work...
backer in japan.  received devices yesterday. i love the recording function.  it takes a little to get it just right, but it works great.  as most of my devices are not in the database, this function has been great. the device has been well manufactured and looks great.  it will blend into the ceiling, if i can get it there... to reiterate what everyone else is saying: range is terrible.  apartment is 3 meters by 4 and even with anymote right in the center of the room, all devices cannot be turned on.  i am using rechargeable batteries, what sort of batteries were used in the test where 18 meters was successful? were we suppose to get ceiling mounts?  and if not, is there any instructions on how to attach it to the ceiling?
j.zelle backer in canada. received mine a few days ago. congrats on producing a very elegant device! unfortunately i have 2 issues with mine: 1. range is terrible, only usable at 1.5 meters, at 2 meters is unreliable, also very sensitive to orientation. not even close to the advertised 18 meters. hopefully there will be fix for this? 2. does not work with any of my existing "smart" remotes, but works ok with individual device remotes. on any "smart" remote if you go to edit / change ir blaster / select anymote it goes through the motions and then says "done", but in fact the ir blaster does not change - it still uses the one in the phone.
hi! i live in italy, i receive it yesterday. unfortunally i'm not able to add any device. i followed the manual and instructions in the app but nothing. help me. david.
@kosta, @pallavi - reach me over email at sergiu@colortiger.com so i can get your tracking numbers & status @andres - the beta version of the web editor is live at https://remotes.anymote.io . this means it works, but there might still be issues to work out. to access your remotes there, you must first back them up in the ios app, or in the latest beta version of the android app: https://play.google.com/apps/testing/com.remotefairy4
hello guys, i am from barcelona and have not received any info or tracking number. any update for me?
i didn't receive my tracking #
@fran montero  and any other spaniards, the tracking information was updated: oct 22, 2015 (arrival at processing center)... so i suppose it has been unblocked.  anymote is coming home...
just got mine in malaysia. tested with some device, feel not bad. but the ir range/angle is bad for me, any1 got same problem?
i have mine in pa.  it arrived on the 21st.
@stephen it'll probably be a few more days, we are in canada and had to look at this status for about 8 days. the tracker never changed but today we received our anymotes. they are beautifully packaged and clearly addresses, i'm sure you will receive yours soon! even now, i just checked, it still shows no more than "october 13 - arrival at destination post (country: ca), arrival at destination (country: ca)". to be honest, we were getting worried too but all was well :)
anyone in the us got theirs yet? my tracking number shows arrival at destination post country for 3 days now with no change in the status.
we received our anymotes today- thank you! first we would like to commend you for your outstanding support and the way you kept us updated on every step of the way. well done! the two devices that we received were beautifully packaged. obviously a lot of thought and care went into the recipient's first impressions. at first we had a hard time getting things going and the instruction manual leave somewhat to be desired and i would suggest a website with detailed instructions and troubleshooting guide. but after we contacted color tiger, the problem was sorted in minutes. overall it is an outstanding device and with the amount of remotes we have, it will make life a lot simpler for us. keep up the good work! to those that have problems, keep your patience, it's well worth your time and effort and once set, it'll just work!
@alexander gräf: thanks! that helped me a lot. using this, i have managed to get it working with one android phone (moto x)... but unsuccessful with others. they are all compatible phones and i have tried different ways of turning bt off and on, app closing, rebooting phones and turning the device on and off with no luck. still, that information you gave was helpful and it has worked for one phone so thats good! @anyone: is there a certain amount of time the device needs to be on (like a few minutes) before pressing the pairing button? has anyone had success paring to a nexus 5? any other paring tips to get this working?
@liam: completely close the app, as in close it, remove it from the running tasks, restart the phone if necessary. switch off the anymote home. switch off your bluetooth and then back on again. don't use the pairing functions in the phone settings, if it asks, just cancel, instead just let the app do it's thing. turn on the anymote home, the glowing logo shows that it's in pairing mode. open the app, and then you can select it when you go into an existing remote and the settings where you can select the kind of ir blaster to use. pairing only takes one or two seconds. if it takes longer, just turn everything off and on again.
received mine today, so far so good! a little unsure as to, how to actually use it though. do i pair using generic bluetooth pairing within the phone (android) or do i use the app. i didn't see a pairing code, so ive been trying with the app but there is no setting for just adding the device.  - after some playing around i found that you can add it or use it after you create a new remote, but the device doesn't show up, even if i click the pairing button on the bottom, it just says "searching for infrared devices" and sometimes an error saying it could not find anything... yet it shows in my phones bluetooth devices. any help would be great.
slovak: zariadenie je pre mna tiež sklamaním. na obrázku na webe je dokonalé ale v skutočnosti je to iné. nič proti ale každý výrobok obsahujúci plasty ktoré sa môžu poškodiť obsahujú na sebe ochrannú fóliu. anymote nie. ja som si svoje zariadenie chcel poškriabať sám a nie že mi príde už poškriabané z činy.  toto je take iste ako u nás ako rýchlo zbohatnúť aby nás to veľa nestalo. plast okolo presvitá pri svietení nápisu anymote, plast je len mierne čierny, ale plošný spoj vidím z vonku. som sklamaný, nato aká bola prezentácia je to bieda. návod na použitie žiadny. len aby som hľadal a skúšal ako to mám naprogramovať a cez môj iphone 5s to bude dlha cesta kým to urobím!!! a to že ste mi do dnešného dňa neposlali číslo je tiež smiešne, veď som vám písal na email a mali ste na v ...... aj keď som to už dostal, nie je to sláva a za cenu ktorú to predávate dnes a za ktorú som to kúpil ja tak to nestojí. Ďakujem za odpoved. ako zákazník ktorý vás podporil si odpoved zaslúžim.
ir performance is very disappointing. waited over a year to finally get a device with sub-par beam range and distribution. definitely not what i had hoped for. also, no documentation on how the ceiling mount works. if that would make sense given the circumstances of the device not being able to control much at that distance and elevation.
@andres rojo, here another spaniard and same problem, in the country since oct 14. must be at customs. ¡saludos!
finally received mine. first impression: pretty cool, easy to set up. the database is a bit too small but i found what i needed and recording buttons does work as well. thanks!
arggh, i must change my phone or my tablet. anyway, thanks for your reply mats thell.
@michel castan, you need to have a bluetooth 4.0 (ble) device to work with anymote.
received my (3x) package today here in sweden, unfortunately, also came from customs and sales tax on $53 (442 sek) a bit pricey for my taste ;-( on the good part, the anymote has a good overall quality. i would like to see next generation with some more weight to it and an rf sender also, as my new lg tv is rf and not ir.
hi, i tried to connect my anymote with my phone or my tablet, but i can't find it. the smart ir remote version is 3.4.9 (349) and it says that no ir blaster is available. my phone details are: os version: 3.0.31-1103517 android version name: 4.1.2 brand: samsung device: gt-n7000 model: gt-n7000 my tablet details are: os version: 2.6.39.4 android version name: 4.0.3 brand: asus device: tf101 model: transformer tf101 what can i do ?
hi i'm from spain (españa), and since the first tracking report that was on oct 06, 2015 (information received), i get three more updates till the last one: oct 14, 2015 (arrival at destination post), and then nothing.... today 20th, i wonder if it get stuck at custom services (aduanas). is ther, any other spaniard, that has already received it. ps: @colortiger i also wonder about the web editor? i has already signed the nda
@ sergiu: you got post ;-).
@christof - i assume you're also trying to connect to the anymote from your phone/tablet's bluetooth settings, but you don't need to do that. in fact, that will prevent our app from accessing the anymote. what's more, due to a bug in android, the bluetooth connection might be "leaked" in the background. to figure things out and resolve this asap, please email me at sergiu@colortiger.com .thanks!
@tojo2503: meins wurde gestern als einschreiben geliefert. vielleicht braucht dein zoll etwas länger....
i forgot to say the anaymotehome is shown in the app but when selected it tries to connect and after a while i get an error message.
@colortiger: i received my anymote home and tried to connect it over the app and got no connection. i am using an lg g2 and lg pad 8.3. some idea?
hey, is there any german back who has received his device? mine is in germany since october 11 but it seems to be stuck somewhere and i get the feeling something is going really wrong with the import / customs (as usual here...).
@daniel - see pm please for link @martin - we really have to make it clearer in the app. there's no need to go to ir blasters either. you just have to go and add a new remote, and after picking a model the app will prompt you to pick your anymote home. @taka - see pm for setup instructions. we're working now on something more permanent (manual change + videos)
@color tiger, items received but tried several remotes on ios 8.4 which doesn't work.  doesn't seem to record anything and sends no signal = worthless.  can you share detailed how-to setup video and manual?
@color tiger  hey i tried that allready, but how should it connect in the app? in the app settings is only my internal led blaster shown and i dont know how to "add" the anymote home. i pressed the button several times and tried with my lg flex 2 and my lg pad 8.3
hello, i didn't receive my anymote yet, but i wanted to ask about the web editor. is it already released? on 10th of october you said that it will be released in 48h. thank you for your answer!
@martin - you don't need to connect to the anymote through the phone's bluetooth settings. just launch the app, and the app will connect directly. @guy - it sounds like an app/phone issue, which we can debug. can you please  send me at sergiu@colortiger.com the following details? phone type you are using, os version, app version (if you're using android). i really really want to get to the bottom of it, and since you're the first one to report this issue, you're the only one who can help fix it. thank you!
received mine yesterday. unpacked it and was very excited to get it working after such a long wait. and it's absolute rubbish. managed to turn my tv on once, then nothing. thought maybe it was the batteries so replaced them. nothing. moved it closer to the tv. nothing. moved it 2cm from the tv ir receiver. nothing. it's not even heavy enough to use as a door stop.
hey guys,  received mine yesterday and wanted to try it today. my problem is, that the decvice requests a bluetooth pin on my phone (lg flex 2) and 0000 and 1234 didnt work out :( please help me ;)
hi, i received mine today in france and it works perfectly with a sony android phone and panasonic and denon devices. thanks to duncan comment, i understood how to set it up properly, because the manual is not very clear.  bravo colortiger for your work ;-)
@color tiger,  sergiu, i did not mean to offend, i apologize.  also, i failed to scan the comments before hand, my bad.  but please know that color tiger really ought to have a proper forum (phpbb or vbulletin.etc) for support. at the very least, so the community of anymote users can help each other out.  i'll email the details.  cheers and thanks
@adam - exactly, and i mean exactly for cases like yours i offered personal support over email, at sergiu@colortiger.com . i will offer an explanation here, although it probably doesn't help anyone else. as you'll see, it may only be the start of the conversation. here's the thing: you have a z 5500 - you might not know this, but there are two variations of the z5500 remote out there, mostly inter-compatible. we have both in our database. they have in 90% proportion the same command codes as the z 680 remote. the main difference between the z 5500 and the z 680 is the optical function, exactly the one that you are missing. with so many devices with so many variants out in the wild, we might even be missing a function or have a broken button here and there, but in every case we are able to find or even create that function and add it to the database. only by helping customers like yourself we have been able to build our remotes database to the point it is now. as for the recorder - the closer your plastic remote is to the recorder, the better the recorded signal will be. again, i would most sincerely love to give you one-on-one support to help clear everything and get you up and running asap. thank you!
by the way, i'm using the ios app. thanks.
very unhappy.  received mine, first thing is setup a logitech z 5500 (spk wire ed) remote. it doesn't work. details to follow.  of the 5 compatible remotes displayed, none worked. i had to use a z 680 remote, for a majority of functions. but the one button (optical input) i need does not work with anymote.   details  device: logitech z5500 (speaker wire edition - australia) remote used for recording code: z5500's own remote.  1) setup anymote to record remote 2) point z5500 remote at anymote, press "optical" 3) anymote responds with "success" or "green tick" 4) press "test code" and ... nothing happens. 5) end  subsequently, nearly all the other buttons of the pre-installed z680 remote work with my z5500. but anymote is useless to me without that optical button for macros.  i have tested all the pre-installed z5500 remotes, and none of their "optical" buttons work.  also, where is your support forum color tiger, i can't find it anywhere?
@lord you can create an empty macro for that @ali - if you can send me an email, i can re-send you your tracking number. your package has been in germany for 5 days now, so it should arrive anytime now.
backer from germany, still waiting and waiting and waiting...
received mine today. had no problem setting up 3 remotes. the ios app works great and is very responsive. no problems with distance, tested up to 5 meters. when the iphone is not paired with the anymote, it takes a second or 2 to pair.
backer from belgium, just received my anymote. beautiful! thx a lot. can't wait this evening to configure it! happy q^_^p
how do you add an empty button in the app?
backer from sweden, received the device the other day and so far it's working amazingly. able to configure pretty much every device i have and the only one that didn't work immediate i were able to teach with the ir-receiver! build quality feels nice and although it felt a bit light at first if felt (even though it doesn't matter in reality) much better once i put batteries in it!
backer from singapore received today. hit and miss and still haven't got time to configure all my devices with my iphone 6s. based on other comments below i experience the same issue with the distance and some configuration does not work and setting up a new remote is not working properly. hope you guys can update the ios app to make it better.
received mine yesterday in the netherlands. overall i am very disappointed in it. the ios app is very bad. the device isn't working at all or only for a few minutes. rspons time is very very poor. range is a complete disaster only 50cm is working and only a few times. database with remotes is not complete and when i find a device it is not working at all or only a few buttons. i also tried to learn a complete new remote in the app for my onkyo tx-nr414 (which is missing in the database). lerning is slow very poor picking up of the signal and testing the new learned signal results in no action although i can see the signal is receiving on the onkyo. same results for mine settopbox (xtrend et9500, database remote is not working, selected a vu+ remote which is also working on the xtrend results in broken buttons in the app and working buttons only work 1 of 2 times and are also broken after it. for me the app is poor and the device seems the be made of poor components and it all is not stable. please sent me a pm how we con work this out thanks albert
received my anymote! really nice device that fit's in my living room! my tv and dvd-player works! only got some problems with the settop-box (iptv). i will send you a mail.
@kelvin & @everyone - for compatibility issues between the anymote home and electronics, please email me at sergiu@colortiger.com most often this is caused by a missing configuration in our database, which is usually easily fixed with your help.
having problems with my air conditioner.  don't seem to work at all. how to you see battery level on ios app?
@eugen - just sent you a message
i received mine today. is anyone else experiencing very bad range with the anymote? if i place it >2 meters from the receivers it doesn't work. at 1 meter i have to aim one of the four leds straight at the device to get it 90% reliable. i have confirmed through a camera that it does transmit signals, it just seems very weak. the app reports the battery level as full. and how does the ceiling mount work? there are four small holes on the bottom but i'm not sure if/how they should be used.
great news: everyone's anymote is on the way!  the team has worked hard over the past few days, and now there should be an email in your inboxes with a tracking number and link. if you haven't received your number, please email me at sergiu@colortiger.com. if you haven't filled in our survey for your shipping address, please email me. if you're a backer and want a second (or third, fourth.. christmas is coming!) anymote at a kickstarter special-price... you know what to do.
my tracking number says "despatched to overseas" for the past 3 days. the status changes approx. every 3-4 days. i'm afraid that it will be a long trip for my device :/ especially when i think of german customs.... :/ keeping my fingers crossed and still looking forward !
@theodore  why are you disappointed? they have kept you updated all the time, last update said us-based backers will get tracking numbers during this weekend. so it's not very surprising you didn't get your unit yet.
i haven't received mine and i'm even in the us. rather disappointed.
my unit reached sweden two days ago, i can't believe i have such bad luck it gets here just before the weekend :p oh well, weekend is soon over!
@everyone who hasn't received their tracking number: please check your spam folder. if you still can't find it, send me an email at sergiu@colortiger.com @duncan: we're updating the app right now with clearer instructions. what you discovered is true: you don't need to fiddle with the bluetooth settings of the phone at all. the app does the discovery, and handles the pairing. @everyone: web editor is switching from private beta to public beta in 48h. will post an update. lastly: today marks the 1 year anniversary of the successful crowdfunding of anymote home. it's been the most active year of our lives, and we have all of you to thank for it!
would love to see the app on amazon app store.  $50 kindle fire and an anymote is the killer mote.
i've got mine today (netherlands)! first impressions are good, i really like the look of the device, especially when the light in the top part is on in pairing mode. the manual or the app could be a bit more clear about how this thing should work. it took me a while to figure out that i didn't have to connect it manually to my device, but that the app searches for it when you add a remote for a device. and i understand the need for a web editor, it takes quite some time to create a good remote!
any1 receive their anymote? any review?
hey guys, i'm really excited about receiving the unit!  i'm wondering if the web editor is released in near future? greets
also got a tracking number some hours ago (shipping to germany from singapore). the number is not active yet. looking forward to the hardware. :)
just got an email with the tracking number. yeah ! looking forward...
got an email with tracking number just about two hours ago, woohoooo! :d
yipppeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, just received our tracking number! don't worry, you guys will receive your unit soon :)
i am in india and have not received any tracking number or any confirmation that the device has been shipped ? pls update?
hello creator… i was wondering if you received my shipping address details… i back a lot of projects and can't remember if i filled out the proper forms, whenever they were sent out. normally on the kickstarter campaign page it shows "your response" under the tier i pledged with my details but that's not the case on your campaign page… anyways, let me know if you have them considering that we're getting close to the ship date… thanks
hell, i'm from singapore. have you guys started shipping? also, i did not receive any tracking number. please advise
i am in eu and haven't received anything yet either.  could i also get a confirmationconfirmation on shipping, pleaseplease?
hi.   i'm outside the us and eu.   could you confirm that you have shipped to me?   i didn't receive any shipment notification.  thanks.
@jamie - yes! check out the "updates (21)" page.
@creator have you had the time to update as you stated? hey guys - my internet connection has been scarce in the past couple of days, but fear not, your messages have been heard, and as always, will be answered!  long story short: shipping has started! i'm writing up a more detailed update now. should be up in the next hour or so.
really? you were worried that this was a ripoff? no one would bother with faking this many delays with so many updates, that long explanations and answers on our questions if it wasn't for real. you are being rude.
ios app released https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/anymote-smart-remote/id881829455… we're updating weekly, so if there's a special feature you'd like to see, just send a private message and we'll take it from there.
@ali - we're releasing the app store app tomorrow!
great news ! i'm really looking forward... could you please tell us, when the official apple app store download will be available ? thanx in advance !
hey guys - my internet connection has been scarce in the past couple of days, but fear not, your messages have been heard, and as always, will be answered! long story short: shipping has started! i'm writing up a more detailed update now. should be up in the next hour or so.
so... how about an update?! you were supposed to ship arround the 10th. still not an update on the fact that is has been sent, nor a communication with a tracking code or something... as eugen said, time for another update!
honestly, getting a little bit worried about this project. constant delays. constant changes. i have recently been ripped off on the on-blink headphone amp. starting to worry that this is another rip off.
time for another update? where are we at the timeline right now? have your warehouse received the first batch from the factory? have they been shipped out to us backers? have you found a solution for the import and taxes?
customs here in germany are really annoying (and expensive). if it is declared as a gift the limit is 45€. for a normal sending it's 22€. everything above takes a lot of time and trouble. sending from within the eu would be great. :-)
any solution yet regarding shipping from within eu?
stefan, i installed successfully anymote on my nexus 5 via https://play.google.com/store/apps/details… cheers, raphaël
hi, will there be a compatibility for nexus phones and tablets on the android app?  got a nexus 5 and a nexus 7, but can't install the apps from the google play store, due to incompatibility... i know the nexus have no ir blaster, i think that's the reason i it says "not compatible" but with my anymote soon to be here this wouldn't be an issue anymore, right? stefan
keep at it. delays happen. can't wait to finally get it.
yay! i can't wait to get my anymote! patiently waiting...
very excited, from singapore
@tony: totally agree again ! ;)
thank you guys (and gals if any). this is how a kickstarter project should be handled. tony
*sigh of relief*
@tony, @ali i hear you loud and clear. working on a solution now. @ernie - the echo team is still reviewing our skill. if its not approved by the time you get your echo, we have a workaround with a longer setup process but which works just as well.
@tony: totally agree !
be careful, shipping from hong kong means that backers will have to pay import duty & taxes. this already happened with the "ninja sphere" campaign. would be really happy to avoid it. tony
any update on the amazon echo integration?
@sun, @nargalzius - thank you, both your addresses are now up to date.
hi, also sent you a message regarding updated address
hi, i sent you a my new address : ) have a wonderful weekend. also, as long as updates are keep coming i ain't even mad.
@sun - i just saw your private message. please send me your new address and i'll manually update it. @david - your use-case is a very common one, and our app + 2 anymotes will work well with your scenario. you will 2 remote profiles in the app, once for each room. @philippe @tony @stephen @patrik - thank you!
hi, i recently moved and would like to update shipping address, where can i do that?
thanks for the reply about extenders .i lower price on a second unit would be great. let me try again and explain what i am trying to do i have two tvs the same brand and are controlled with the same codes. if i am in a room with the second anymote unit can i hit a button and it would only control that tv in that room. not the same model in the other room with the second anymote. something like making a remote profile on my phone that is only sent to the anymote unit in the second room.
what makes the difference between a good project and a bad project is not delays but the communication and you guys nailled it. thanks for keeping us informed along the way and not hiding your problems like some of my other kickstarter campaigns have done (i'm talking to you matchstick)
keep calm      and  thank you for sharing
@everyone, thank you for letting my question slide about the android app! i've already been using it and since i have backed other projects that i have not yet received, i had copied and pasted this question to several other projects. just read the latest update regarding shipping. bummer on the delays, but still waiting patiently!
don't worry about it. it's clear that you're doing everything you can to make things go as smooth as possible. this has made me realise that whenever delays pisses me off, it's not the fact that it takes longer than first anthicipated. it's not knowing why there is a delay to begin with.
thank you patrik - we've been developers for 10 years now, and without the occasional dabble in the hardware world, we got used to always being in control. you push a button and your website is live. you upload your app on the appstore, wait a few days tops, and your app is live. you send an email, and your client has it's order. this makes the current situation that much frustrating. more so that now we do have the actual test results, and they are positive. either way, it's almost done now, and orders will start shipping soon. we have to head back to the us now, but we got a local person to breath on the testing facility's neck, and to keep applying pressure to make sure everything is moving as quickly as possibly. once again, thank you for all your patience!
it's quite impressive that i'm not pissed off about the delays. not even a little bit to be honest. there is absolutely no reason not to be mad about the wait, except for one small but so important detail that most companies seem to not understand.. honesty. just telling the truth so we, the customers, know what is going on and why we have to deal with the consequenses. please color tiger, never ever change.
@marie-andree you've always been the one to keep us on our toes. that's a good thing. update just posted, detailing the current status. if anyone has any questions, you can also reach me directly at sergiu@colortiger.com @david no extenders available, but there will be substantial discounts for multiple unit purchases.
hi guys, any updates would be appreciated
quite silent color tiger!
@david ya i like that idea, maybe we can get extra unit and use wifi link device together.
sooooooooon! :d
hi, any update on the android app and shipping?
i have 3 vizio tvs in three different rooms. are their any plans for smart extenders that would let me control them separately?
@eugen, @daniel - just like the ios app, the web editor will be live by the time you receive your anymote. we did some significant changes in the backend of the android app to ensure compatibility with ios, with a new backend structure that was implemented by default on ios and on the web.  it's coming - slightly later than initially expected, but it's coming on/before the arrival of your anymotes.
is the web editor also delayed?
thanx for the honest updates. keeping my fingers crossed for you guys. it's surely not comfortable to satisfy customers while depending on others (fcc).  i'm really looking forward...
great work!  do you have news on the web editor?  greets
sweet!  i was worried there for a while. but you have earned my respect, being so open about the problems along the way.
keep up the great work and communication :) still excited here!
@patrik - not quite what i meant. we can only be 100% sure until next week, but there's a big chance shipping for backers will start in 2-3 weeks. we're in daily contact with the fcc testing facility now, pushing for things to move as fast as possible.
christmas then. well that's bad news...
thanks for the support guys! i'm going to try and post an update the following days that will give you some insight on what's happening right now. the long story short though is that the saying "whenever you work with the government add 6 months to your timeline" is true when you replace "government" with "fcc" too.
@luke hazelgrove i did get it to work but due to a buffer limitation on the arduino there were a few buttons on my remote that didn't work because the ir-code was too long. a workaround is to use "other compatible commands" but it seems like the anymotuino will never be a fully functioning device. i've been told that the anymote home has a much larger buffer and won't have this problem.
@patrick landt: word !
did any backers have any success in building the anymotuino from the plans that were inlcuded with some of the perks? i've tried several times to get one working without success and would really like to know if i am alone or not. i just think having an anymotuino up and running might relieve some of the nagging feeling about the anymote home hardware not being shipped yet.
@ali kücükcayir:  no offense taken. my comment wasn't aimed at you, or anyone else in perticular. i just wanted to spread some well deserved love for the developers. they have done everything right imo, and some things just didn't go as expected, but they at least have the respect to tell us what is going on. i respect that, and that's why i feel obligated to let them know.
@patrick landt: i totally agree. my comment was not to offend anybody. it's just the missing patiency that makes me sick ;) keeping my fingers crossed for the team...
team we are in august, don't have any further update from u guys on the shipping
i think the waiting is ok. the way this is handled makes me feel ok. normally, i'd be pissed, but the facit that we are presented with the truth makes me calm down. most companies just make up some stupid story that makes the consumer feel offended. we're not dumb and we deserve to hear the real reasons when things don't go as planned. thank you for honest updates and no bs.
that waiting really sucks ! :( can't wait for the devices... :)
@jeff - yes, exactly. we've been using the final version of the hardware + its firmware for a while now. just waiting for the certs. all we're hearing from them now is "just a little longer" replies, with requests for additional information about the hardware from time to time.
so once the delay is over from the 3rd party, you foresee no difficulties or additional delays with the hardware? super tested?
@eric - the ios app can be downloaded from https://colortiger.com/iosbeta/ , where it has been for months, receiving regular updates. we are holding off publishing it on the apple appstore until shipping starts, and using the hardware delays to improve the app in any way we can. regarding shipping - we are currently still waiting for the certification results to come in. we have received no sign that there have been any problems, it's just that they're slow. they gave us an estimate for completion around 8-9th july, and we forwarded that information to all of you through kickstarter updates. now, just like you're waiting on us, we're waiting on them. all of us 100% understand your disappointment, and imagine that ours is multiplied 1692-fold, in not being able to respect a time-estimate promise we made at the start of this campaign. thank you for your patience!
hello, how long must we wait for shipping ... ?  where is our ios app ????
@everyone the fcc facility gave us an estimate on july 4 that the certification will be finished by july 9 (my birthday - it would have been a nice present), which is when we planned to send out the backerkit email. however, they've been much slower than estimated, and we still don't have an answer from them. we're pushing as hard as we can, but this is one of those parts that is out of our control. this is why there's no way to give you a clear estimate, but august seems obvious right now. once we have the certification response, we're going to start manufacturing within a week, and start shipping units at the end of each production week. this is the last leg of the race.
when can we expect the anymote in holland?
@mitchell your survey has been received, and we have your address.
to creator, did my survey today. want to confirm if you received it. thanks.
@everyone - we were supposed to send the updated request for your addresses this week, and we didn't. that's because our fcc certification results were supposed to come in this week, and they didn't. we don't have any more information just yet which is why i'm not posting a full-fledged update, but i'll do that as soon as we know more. thank you for all your support!
@adam - the version you have expired a week ago, and 2 weeks ago we pushed an update on https://colortiger.com/iosbeta/ that moves the expiration date all the way to october. you are probably still on the old version, but if you download the update you should be fine. @raphaël - the anymote home doesn't directly control wifi devices - however it's controlling app, smart ir remote, does. what you ask (controlling the anymote through wifi) is however possible as long as another phone running smart ir remote on the same network is connected to the anymote.
what's the story with ios.  i had a beta that works, a license key, paid money, etc.  now it says beta is over, but no ios software available.  my breadboard anymote is useless.  what gives!!!!!
hello! small question, i read that anymote would be able to command wifi devices, right? but, would we also able to command anymote via wifi? it would be handy if both the phone and anymote are in the same wifi, so from anywhere in the wifi range, anywhere in the house, i can control the devices either in front of anymote via ir or anywhere via wifi. possible? because via bluetooth, you need to be quite close to anymote then to have it working, no? thanks for your reply!
@randalyn most people actually have entered their addresses, including yourself. we'll send everyone an email next week so that you can update your address in time.
since you anticipate shipping later this month, have you collected everyone's addresses?  i don't believe you have mine, so i just wanna make sure since i moved after backing this project.
no worry, i hope you succeed
@roni - i'm really sorry to say that the shipping start estimate has been moved towards the second half of july. it sincerely pains me to see that our project got delayed, and now we've seen why all those other kickstarter projects get delayed for months & years, or eventually get cancelled completely. even with the delay, we consider ourselves fortunate to have been able to work so far with partners (developers, factories, suppliers..) who have (mostly) kept their word and respected timelines.
i backed this project but did not follow the progress. are they shipping alread? the delivery date should have been june 15
@peter: if you have some programming skills you can already look at the anymotuino code to figure out the communication protocol. we're going to publish a proper documentation too, however you should remember that the anymote has ble, so you also need bluetooth 4.0 on your computer to connect to it.  any connected phone also exposes a web api, which can be used over the network (and over the internet in the future), and you can use that. @dennis not all updates were sent over email too, just 2-3 of the more important ones. we're going to post an update in the following days talking about the ifttt integration, features we've added to the apps lately, and a short status report for the manufacturing. this one will be sent by email too.
ummmm... i was about to come here and complain about not seeing a single update from this project (ever) since my pledge but now i see there are plenty... any ideas why emails are not going out with updates?
is the protocol used for the app to communicate with the anymote going to be publicly documented? i'd love to create a web app crafted to my devices :-).
@derrek - already working on it :-) we're very excited about it too! @mo, @temu, @duncan - july 2015 is the current estimate @ali - yes of course! it's one of the core features
did you guys hear about amazon fund announced today?!??
any word on amazon echo integration would love to say "alexa turn on tv!"
hi, just like to check when the expected delivery date? previous communication suggested jun 2015, is the date still valid? thanks
brian, i never get emails with project updates, i think i've maybe received one in total. i'll come back and check here every week.
don't know if someone has asked this question earlier but any updates on ios version of anymote remote???
temu, they saris in the updates that they will ship late july.
hi. any idea when the anymote will ship out? thank you.
i have not received an email fro you since project update #9 in january.  should i have?
will there be any possibility to create a kind of macro (as it is used in excel) to execute a few commands in a row ?
@mike - the same link as before works now too! @keyth - it's really hard to optimize a very small phone screen for such advanced editing options that our app has. the web editor is almost done though, and we're now working on integrating the app with the editor. it will be finished by the time the anymote ships.
has any progress been made on the web editor? the interface for the design the app is more cumbersome than originally expected so i'm not getting as much out of it as i'd hoped.
update...?
@colortiger is there an up to date link for the ios app? i need to re download the app but a no longer have the link.
@david - we haven't even gotten around to checking out the amazon echo yet. when we get there we'll let you know! @marie-andree, pacomius - the ios app has been ahead of the android app for months now in many aspects, and android is only now starting to catch up. android was an evolution, and making changes like allowing fully custom background colors for buttons has been a hustle, but with ios features like these were there from version 1.  the only place where ios is behind is the support for wifi controlled devices, and that's because we do all the research, hacking, or start understanding the products we're working on when working with android - iterations on android are much faster, and we already have 100k+ users there, many of whom are willing to test for us.
as marie-andree put it: ios? (please)
ios?
love the app any chance of a amazon echo hack?
@keyth - can you please send us an email at colortigerapps@gmail.com ? there's some troubleshooting we can do to figure out why it is not working for you @benjamin - yes, you can download the app now, and upgrade using your kickstarter license key. the app can control both xbmc and roku over wifi now, so no need for ir for those.
sorry, i should have mentioned that i am using a galaxy nexus, so it would have to interface via either wifi or bluetooth, not ir.
sorry if this has been answered already, but i can't seem to search the comments. i'm currently using a chromecast and xbmc running on a raspberry pi (raspbmc) to view local content, though i'm thinking of replacing the raspbmc with a roku3. will the app work with any of those three?  i'm wondering if i should download the app now, or just wait until you ship the device.  thanks!
@color tiger, i haven't been able to get your so to work with phillips hue bulbs. any suggestions other than be i the same wi-fi network?
@brandon we're working on it. the nexus player accepts commands over bluetooth and wifi, but both are encrypted. we just have to crack one of them. @si the current estimated shipping date is july, but might still change to august as posted in our latest update. before shipping starts we'll send everyone an email giving you the opportunity to update your address before lockin. @ali the app will be live on the appstore a couple of weeks before the first backer receives his anymote home.
hello color tiger team, is there anyway for the anymote app to interface with a nexus player that utilizes bluetooth? just wondering, because it would be amazing to remove all the remotes off my bed and just use my phone or tablet to control all the devices connected to my tv all from the anymote home smart remote. thank you in advance for your time and consideration!
hi fellas .... i'm moving hemisphere, within the next few months what is the last opportunity to change address, do you have a estimated shipping date? cheers
@luke, i've started the build but grabbed a 5v arduino instead of a 3.3v. working around this problem first.
have any backers who got access to the diy build succesfully built the device and have it reliably send codes from the anymote app?
sounds great ! looking forward !!! any idea when the ios-app will be published via the official appstore ?
for real?! july 22nd is my birthday so pleeeeeeease god make it happen! :d
thank you patrik & aaron! it feels really good to know you have our back! since we posted that, we tried pushing some things around, and if everything will go perfectly from now on, we'll have all the units at the middle of july (instead of august as the update said). so we're doing our best to get everything to go perfectly!
thanks for being honest and telling us why things go the way they go. i can only speak for myself ofc, but i feel better about delays when i get to know the real reason than when oneplus for example tries to cover their shit. bigass thanks!
thanks for the update.
@arron - just posted! it's slightly incomplete because it's based on news we've just received today, but we'll follow up in a week or two. @josh - yes, the whole wifi section of our app is expanding rapidly!
time for another update?
are you planning on expanding the functionality of the wifi feature of the app? i plan on using a spark core to control the leds in my home theater room and it would be sweet if i could make a macro to dim the lights when i play a movie. not sure if this is possible, but would make my dream of a one app system come that much closer.
looking forward to this project coming to completion.  i am excited about the final product and i feel you guys have done a great job with the software side of things!  please continue to keep us up to speed with regular comments/updates about your progress (and struggles).
sorry, just saw the update. k
@creator: well, where is the update? shipping ? thanks, k
@creator thanks for the update!
@mike tomorrow evening :-)
@creator, time for an update?
oops nevermind
cool, when could i expect to receive the instructional information ?
@kendrick the diy reward level is all "soft", meaning there isn't any hardware piece to ship. however, there are plans for building it yourself, and all instructions are on our update #6, including instructions on how to get the android / ios app and using the license key to activate it.
hello, i was wondering when do the do it yourself kits get shipped out?  i haven't received any notifications or anything about there shipment.
@max it's hard not to feel flattered :-)
http://www.getpronto.com/
@adam i assume you're talking about the android app. can you please send an email at colortigerapps@gmail.com so that we can better try to figure out what's happening ? @everyone - we just got to china, to kick off the manufacturing process, so replies might be a bit delayed. we're still here, live and kicking though!
hey guys i am constantly needing to re-enter my licence key in order to get to the extra commands or add remotes - i can access the app but only the first screen and then when i click on extra command or try and add a button it says i need my licence key again.  any ideas?  thanks.
@koen sure, just use the same email and license key on the new phone, and it should be accepted right away.
hello color tiger, is it possible to switch from smartphone with the same licence key. i've bought a new smartphone which has the anymote remote app. my old smartphone has the android remote app. is it possible to remove the licence key from my old phone en install it on my new smartphone? gr koen
@jocke that's up to logitech, and we've been very open with anymote home and will provide access to our sdk and api documentation to any company or person that asks for it, well before (months) the anymote home ships.
ok, can the harmony controls, wich communicate with there hub, communicate with anymote home?
@jocke access to the harmony ultimate hub is encrypted and closed, so no, that's not possible, sorry! it's not about restricting our app to anymote home, it's about not being technically possible to integrate with any logitech ir hubs.
can your app communicate with logitech harmony ultimate hub? or is it only the anymote home that works??
@keyth the wifi post was mostly for arduino enthusiasts  who want to make the "anymotuino" reachable over wifi, and know how to run a small http server that can actually make this work. since you'd be building it yourself, you have the flexibility of making it work both over wifi and bluetooth if you want. triggering event while away from home isn't possible right now with the app, but that's something we plan to build by the time the final anymote home ships.  as for recording remotes, all codes are automatically transferred to the app and assigned to buttons so you can start using them immediately.
the wifi post that you just did about the anymduino. does that mean if we attach a wifi module to it we'll be able to use wifi over bluetooth? is there a way to use both if we want? does it also allow for potentially triggering events while away from home? lastly, since the anymduino can to record remotes is it able to send the recorded codes to the app? or do we have to manual transfer the hex codes it will generate?
sure, here it is: https://colortiger.com/iosbeta/ while in beta we're going to handle publishing and all updates ourselves, so you'll have to download and install it from our website (no jailbreak required).  to use the app you'll need the license key you received at the end of your backerkit survey, which you can revisit at any time.
is there a download link for the ios app? i cannot seem to find it in the app store, has it launched yet? or am i missing something, lol
@joel both your suggestions would require the anymote home to keep the recorder turned on continuously, which would use up a lot of battery. to be more specific, it would decrease the total battery life 10-15 times - we've tried your second idea and that's how we discovered this. sorry for the bad news!
could i use anymote as an ir repeater?  second, could i point an existing ir remote at the anymote and have it send a different signal to hardware?  this would essentially turn a dumb remote into a smart one...
very quick and short update: ios app has been updated and now properly supports wifi-based anymotuinos.
@matt, @michael, @eugen wifi server documentation is now in the anymotuino git repository, in the http_server.md file. you'll need to set up a local http server to accept and forward commands for this, as we don't have any code specific to arduino available for the server.  please send an email at colortigerapps@gmail.com if you need any help setting it up. @jocke you can either record the commands yourself, or send an email at colortigerapps@gmail.com and we'll see what we can do. @abdul yes, you can re-arrange the buttons. tap the settings gearbox in the upper right, then tap "edit". this gets you into the edit mode, where tapping a button on the left side will let you reassign it's function (so you can have the ok button on the first screen).  by the way, you don't need to press "more controls" to get the other buttons - you can also swipe. regarding orvibo sockets: do you have a link to documentation, open-source project or even just an official app (preferably android) that works with it ?
@creator.  i have been using the apps for 1 week plus. cool app.  however, can i re-arrange the button? i find it inconvenient just to press more control just to press the ok button.  also, can you also add the functionality to control orvibo wifi socket?
@jocke olerius - that is a great idea, i also have a samsung navibot robot vac which comes with a remote and didn't even think about connecting it to anymote - fantastic idea if it can be done :)!
how can more devices be added into the app?? i recently bought a robot vacuum cleaner with ir remote and would love to integrate it in the app.
sign me up for the wifi documentation too, thank you.
@ creator is the ir record function works with the diy plan codes? if yes, can you tell how it works? regarding the wifi functionally, can you please send it to me as well. by the way i'm using ios for the anymote app. thanks
@adam we contacted ifttt again, and again with no response (although on twitter they seemed to want to at least talk to us). if they still won't want to try to connect, we do have a workaround. this workaround will get you full ifttt integration (we'll pose as a wordpress plugin), but you'll have to put some more work into it to get it set up. @matt our app actually already supports connecting through wifi. let me put together some documentation and i'll send you an email with instructions.
quick question about the "build your own" system. is it possible for the device to run over wifi instead of bluetooth? i have a bunch of spark cores and would love to use these if possible. if so, are there any instructions anywhere on getting the anymote app to connect over wifi?
@creator just wondering if u have had any luck with ifttt?  i know u contacted them b4 the campaign started but just wondering if you have any updates?  would be awesome to have integration!
@david we have the lifx remote working internally, and we plan to release an update with support for it publicly this week. along with it we're also adding support for limitlessled, easybulb and milight, and improving (well, fixing...) the support for lg smart tvs control over wifi. as for your question - you can reassign the volume buttons of your main remote to control your av receiver's volume instead of your tv.  about turning off devices when you switch to another macro, the only way to do it for now is to have another macro that switches off those devices only.  you could add those "power off" commands to your "switch to dvd player" macro though, and that would solve the problem.
i have the app running on my s4 for some days now. 3 littel questions. how is the lifx support coming along ? any chance that there will be an integration soon ? is there a way to specifiy which device should be used for certain funktions? for example i have a macro that turns on my tv and av-receiver and sets them to (for examplte hdmi2 and a certain audio imput for use of the pc and hdmi3 and another audio imput for ps4) now i would like that the volume buttons on the remote only communicate to the av-receiver and not the tv as i don't use the tv for sound. it would be nice if this would happen automatically and i don't have to choose the av-receiver manually. maybe like it works with harmony remotes where you specify for each action which devise should be used. and last, is there a way to automatically turn devices off when switching zu another makro. for example after watching a dvd when chancing to the pc it would make sense that the not longer used devices (in that case the dvd player) shuts down. i'm kind of used to that feature from the harmony remotes and find it pretty useful.
@stephen the licenses are going out this week :-)
hello, is it possible to get the licences for the android/ios apps sent out early.  my device has an ir led built in, and it would be good to do some testing and experimenting with the app before the hardware arrives.  thanks for your updates and i'm looking forward to receiving the device.
@james you won't be allowed to share them publicly for the first few months. after that, feel free to do post them anywhere. sorry for getting back to you so late! @arne that's not possible right now, but most likely will be - soon!
is it possible to link a certain button in the remote layout to a tasker task (the external acces option in tasker). it would allow to really make an allround remote, pressing a command in the app is now rather limited to just ir or wifi, tasker could expand it so much more. the plugin option for tasker is great, but that's a completely other thing.
" anymote home will be open-access, but not open-source. that means that we'll publish documentation about how the communication with the anymote is done, and even sdks that respect that documentation but make it easier for you to integrate it with your own system, extend it, or even build your own apps to work with anymote."  i assume this means the people who backed it for the diy plans will get the full design but they just can't share it?
onwards and upwards! @chris - sorry to hear that! we have a preorder form set up on www.colortiger.com/home at the full retail price though.  @eric - luckily we have plenty of time to work on everything. the ios app version we'll send you guys in a couple of weeks is a beta, but until may/june it'll definitely be awesome and complete!
i came on to increase my pledge but missed the end by 25mins. does that mean i can no longer increase my purchase? congratulations on triple funding!
congratulations on 300% funding. onwards and upwards.
we hope you will support the iphone (ios 8.x) complete in all things
@luke as soon as kickstarter sends us all your pledges (on or around oct 24). i've just added our last update now.  thanks for backing!
as it is now october, when can backers expect to start receiving diy plans?
@fraser thank you! we sincerely appreciate all the support from everyone here! @cdyrssen anymote home will be open-access, but not open-source. that means that we'll publish documentation about how the communication with the anymote is done, and even sdks that respect that documentation but make it easier for you to integrate it with your own system, extend it, or even build your own apps to work with anymote. @trevor you should check your private message from september 17th :) the answer was "yes" by the way.
early congrats on achieving your funding goal and then some!  good to see strong community support for something useful.
will you guys be making this project open source? sorry if this has already been asked
i am an early bird backer and was wondering if i could get two anymotes by doubling my pledge amount.
@mateus of course that works. it uses a very popular remote, which works on some of the latest generation lg tvs too.
@peter wiegersma. please see your google hangout message.
just checking for curiosity's sake, my tv is a bit old. will the anymote work with this model? http://www.lg.com/us/tvs/lg-47lg60-lcd-tv
i'm waiting for a open space at the super early bird pledge-level otherwise i have to let this project go :) i don't want to spend too much money for a remote controll. success wit this great project.
@rolph yes, it's a separate box. since it's rf and doesn't need line of sight, you can literally throw it in any drawer. it would also be smaller and cheaper. worth keeping in mind is that this is just in the idea stage now.
could you explain how such an add-on would work? is it a separate box?
@rolph as simple as it may seem, rf integration would add a significant delay to this project, which is why we're not going to integrate it into anymote home. if all goes well though, we'll make an addon that would handle specific rf signal types. @jocke our app has an integrated tasker plugin, through which you can execute our commands directly in tasker tasks. short answer: yes, you can control sonos music or any other command (ir or wifi) on your pebble. we also have plans for a pebble app too btw.
how will the tasker integration be?  would i be able to send commands from my pebble and respond to them in tasker. for example control sonos music or volume on my receiver??
any update on rf integration?? after finding your product i looked into alternatives that are around. many chinese products do have rf as well... as this would also work on battery power and isn't expensive technology i would think that would be a great addition to your product. especially as you plan your rollout in 2015... maybe other backers support this? thanks for your reply in advance!
@flavien philips living colors uses zigbee, which we don't support. legend says that you can make the living colors communicate with a philips hue bridge (if you have one laying around), which we can control. @shez we initiated communication with them 2 months before starting the kickstarter campaign so that we can have everything ready by the time anymote launches, and it looks like starting early was a very good idea. we've always been eager and very quick to respond, but their queue must be huge.
how are you getting on with ifttt ? :)
hi guys and congratulations for your project. does anymote work with philips living colors lamps ? i would be nice to turn these "oldies" in smart lamps through your device...
@r blake there's no interference between anymote home and the other infrared plastic remotes you have. feel free to keep using the old ones, although it might be easier to just tell your phone: "ok google, tv power off". @christian vitroler any adapter works as long as it's infrared. the harmony ones are confirmed to work too! @david arlt yes, the app will be made available to all backers $5 and above at the end of october / start of november - when we receive your pledges from kickstarter.
@david arlt: good question. i'd like to expand this question to the diy kit.
a quick question. will the access to the app for backers only be available once the hardware shipps or can get backers the app on there phone earlier (without paying for it separately in the appstore) ? because i would like to set up the app and use it on my s4 as soon as possible (as my harmony starts to make more and more problems). it would be nice if i wouldn't have to wait till next year.
oops, found the answer to my question in the faqs. now, it would be nice to have a list of supported adapters!
of course that should read "any", not "nay. addendum to my question: possibly by using a harmony adapter?
nay chance that your app would be able to control a playstation (via bluetooth)? not for games, just for dvd/br playback. *that* would be a "killer feature" to me!
@creator thanks for the quick response! i was unclear in my question. i was wondering if a person could also use the old style remote control as well as anymote. the idea of turning my elderly mother loose on my ipad to control the tv when she comes to visit is a scary one!!
@r blake initially we wanted the licenses to be on a number of devices, but we're thinking now it makes more sense to give them per account than devices, removing the per-devices limit entirely.  anymote home doesn't control z-wave devices, but it doesn't interfere with them either. as for letting someone else use the anymote, that depends on you. if that person is connected to your wifi, it will be able to control the anymote by proxying all commands through your phone/tablet. otherwise, they'd have to pair their phone with anymote too (a simple push of a button).
@creator is the licence related to an account or a number of devices? i am also wondering if anymote will be able to control some of the z-wave switches in the room it is sitting in. if not, will it interfere with the z-wave net? finally, if i have anymote controlling my tv, etc and someone in my house insists on using the remote, are they able to?
@abdul  - you're no longer required to have line of sight between phone and tv (and other equipment) - much better range - better recorder - can also be used by family members with phones without ir (iphones and ipads too!) - a few new features (like automatically running a command when you get back home) - you no longer have to plan future phones around the ir hardware feature as for backing just for the app - yes, the exact same app will be available to everyone. obviously some features might be disabled depending on hardware and os (for example, ios can't have our awesome floating remote that can show above the lockscreen) though. @kk chan regarding selecting music in sonos, the only way to do it in our app is by using your queue. to select playlists, we'd have to separately implement the apis for spotify, google music, 8tracks, etc.. every provider in sonos for the macro - yes, you will be able to do that. macros are limited to 5 minute delays, but we have an automated tasks function using which you can schedule commands (and even other macros) weeks in advance. @brad it depends on the device. for the most popular brands we have independent buttons for power on, power off and power toggle. where we don't have those, we have a method of discovering these commands, if they're supported by your hardware. send me a private message with the brand and model and i'll check for you.
@creator. can anymote differentiate between power on and power off commands for supported devices? we have a system at the moment that (in theory) turns on/off multiple devices at once. but it's a bit buggy and sometimes certain devices don't power on, so subsequent attempts to run the same command become confusing.
thank you for the quick reply. am i able to select playlist in sonos? for the macro feature, am i able to program to turn off an appliance like the a/c after a certain period of time?
@creator. i already a htc one m8 and a galaxy s4. what advantage do i get from getting anymote since the features are more on the apps? also, for those who prefer to just purchase/back the app, will they get the same feature as the one who back the $50 pledge and above?
@kk chan sonos currently has everything but access to the music providers (like google music, spotify, etc..). it can however play songs from the queue, control groups, control individual speakers, play/pause/mute, etc.. as for the philips hue lights, there you can control the overall brightness, individual brightness, turn all of them on/off and use any of your predefined scenes. for the web edit, it all happens "on the cloud", and then your phones syncs with the cloud to get the latest version of your setup. that part is still a few months away from completion (will be ready by may though), and until then we have a simple "share remote" feature for sending a remote to anyone else, and a backup/restore feature for backing up on any device and restoring on others linked to the same account.
what kind of control level is available for sonos and philip hue? was trying to search for more info but could not find any. for the web edit, does it work by connecting directly to the phone's ip address? or is it stored in a server with a login account? this way the setups can be shared with multiple devices.
@michael we already have google voice integration (check video: https://www.youtube.com/watch… ), but as you might now siri access is a lot harder to get due to limitations by apple. we're looking for workarounds now. @alex we've been very conservative with our deadlines, and as you can see from previous replies, we've refused any hardware changes that would delay the project. we've been building products for years now (software though), and we know how feature creep can add months (if not years) to a project.  as for seeing it early - we're hoping. that's honestly a promise nobody can make (or we would have used different deadlines)
is there a possibility to integrate siri or google voice assistant on the mobile app?
or potentially are you guys so organised we could see it early?
are there any potential problems that will delay shipping past may of 2015? i back you guys the first day but i currently have 3 tech style projects that are over a year and a half delayed right now so i am contemplating dropping my pledge. essentially are you guys gonna try and try add a bunch n get delayed or are you going into production as soon as possible and mainly mod software?
@kk chan editing of remotes and macros on the web is one of the features we've already started working on. there's a lot of stuff happening nowadays in the background, but we like to announce features only when they're at an alpha level ready for testing.
Сan't wait when it will be on my shelf in the living room))
http://www.ferra.ru/ru/digihome/news/2014/09/22/smarthome-anymote/#.vcauybbxbdc do not thank :) cool project, guys!
very nice! i will put it to the test against my harmony one :-)
backed. good work guys!
can the ui and macro programming be done on a computer rather than a mobile device? it's usually easier and quicker to do it on a bigger screen using a mouse.
gr8 product guys. i hope you get plenty of interest this side of the pond in northern ireland and the uk.
awesome! thanks for the fast reply, you're doing a great job!
@matthias we generally try to integrate all kinds of devices controllable through wifi, so you don't have to add your own http requests. this way we can also handle re-discovery after ip changes.  either way,  we'll add your option too since we know it's impossible to handle every case and also make it easier for you to use private systems.
hey guys, i'm not sure if this has been asked before. is your app able to send custom http-requests, since the anymote doesn't have built in wifi.
@creaters thank you very much for your efforts. keep us informed ;-)
@marie-andree the answer is a definite "yes". we've had this feature for over a year, and our customers are using it to create some really nice stuff! read below ... @abdul yes, you can create macros that turn on multiple devices with just one button. you can assign that button to widgets, remote buttons, floating remotes, etc.. in fact, you can do more than just turn on multiple devices. personal example: i have a button that turns on all the stuff that i care about when i come home, sets the scene for my lights, starts playing my sonos queue and (in the summer) sets the a/c to 24degree celsius. all this happens on just one button press! as for the s-plug - yes, it will work with that too.
"in fact, that's why we built anymote home - to have something better than the logitech harmony line (remotes, hubs, everything)" if your response to abduls' first question is "no", then i'm not totally sure about that!
@creator. i have not play with the android app. can you advise whether we can trigger on multiple devices with just 1 button? i prefer to automate this. also, can anymote work with this s-plug? http://www.aztech.com/prod_powersaving_psc100.html
@tim competition is good for you guys, the consumers. in fact, that's why we built anymote home - to have something better than the logitech harmony line (remotes, hubs, everything). after months of using their products we began to get annoyed by their limitations, and we realized that their limitations are mostly in software, so we built something that we believe is better - and still improving.
mmmm, and then there was more competition from logitech: http://www.connectedly.com/logitech-enters-smart-home-race-new-harmony-remotes-and-home-hub
@michael if everything goes perfectly with no hiccups, may will come sooner :-) @chris we've been planning both of those features for a long while, just didn't have time to add them. they'll definitely make it in the app before may. by the way, we already have limited plex support directly in the app. tv guide is probably going to come too.
one other question, can you assign custom logos to a button, for example i would like to create a favourites page with the most watched channels and use the appropriate channel logo on the button. that button would then launch a macro to show that channel on screen with a single button press. thanks again.
looking good guys, regarding the app, does it support launching other android apps from within the app? for example i could create a plex button that opens the plex app. once you close the plex app you would be taken straight back to where you were. (i use the plex app when selecting music as i don't need the tv. on). this would also be great for tv guide apps etc. thanks
very good. i like it that you stay focussed. i also couldn't think of any stretch goal, otherwise i would have suggested one. just wanted to make sure. i wish, may would come sooner...
@michael at this point there isn't any hardware improvement that we can make that wouldn't delay the whole project. we want to remain focused on the main task, and that's to ship a 100% functional product that works as good (if not better) as expected. if there are features that we can do without delays (most likely: colors), we'll do them anyway. from a software point of view though, we're already planning on doing everything that's technically possible, regardless of any stretch goals. all you have to do is suggest new features, and as long as they make sense for a large enough part of our user base, they'll make it into an app update.
just out of curiosity: are you thinking about announching another stretch goal?
@tony we've just emailed easybulb - as long as they give us access, we'll do it.
may i suggest enabling easybulb (http://www.easybulb.com/) over wifi control? thanks
@keith one of the main reasons we created anymote home was to get rid of wires. if we were to use a rechargeable battery, you'd have to recharge once a year and it would be a way too big over-complication to build in support for usb charging, ship chargers, and use rechargeable batteries which are more polluting than normal ones.  if you really want to, you could use it with any kind of aa rechargeable batteries though.
i'm in the early bird backer group and was wondering if its possible to get two anymotes by doubling my pledge amount? thank
would you consider usb rechargeable as a stretch goal? must say, i'm reconsidering as i just don't like devices with replaceable batteries. i just want to plug that device in.
@wurzel21 they promised to make an sdk. as soon as that's available, we'll add it.
any thoughts on working with this ks project ? https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/lightfreq/lightfreq-the-first-genius-light-bulb-with-hd-audi
@trevor no, the anymote can't be controlled via ir itself. for that we'd have to keep the ir receiver turned on continuously - we've tried, and the battery-life gets reduced to about a month, and that's not really acceptable. @luke we've updated the app 24h ago, it's currently out for 10% of customers and slowly getting to 100% over the next 48h.
can the anymote be controlled via ir itself? ie; can i take a generic ir remote and use it to control the anymote, which can then translate commands into the appropriate actual command for each device. it would be useful to still be able to use an ir remote for simple/common actions (volume up/down, pause, play, etc...)
@creator when are you guys updating the app with the philips hue support?
the ninja guys are getting ready to ship this is the reason they are slow in replying. nonthless i'd like to ser anymote integrate with the ninja sphere very much
@crispin our list changes so often that it would be impractical to try to maintain it. we've tried. we already do support xbox one and mitsubishi heatpumps though, and generally the answer to the question "do you support it?" is "yes", as long as it uses infrared. by the way, i saw that mitsubishi has wifi control for the newest models - we'll try to get to control these over wifi too. we've reached out to plugaway (who it looks like promised to open up an api too, so that's great!) and playbulb (awesome company with experience), and hopefully we'll get back to you with an answer soon. regarding windows phone app - we actually have to port the app completely (ui, backend, etc.). to give you an idea of the amount of work, we've been building on the ios app for 9 months now and it's still not 100% ready. we plan to start working on it though so that we'll eventually have a version for wp too.
hi, great news about integrating with plex, nice work! i was wondering if you had an online searchable database of products that integrate with anymote to save you having to answer everyone's questions? if not, do you connect ok with xbox one, mitsubishi heatpumps? and also some recent akickstarter projects: plugaway: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/plugaway/plugaway-your-smart-home-on-your-smart-phone playbulb: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/mipowusa/playbulb-candle-color-led-flameless-candle-with-mo also, would you mind describing your position on creating a windows phone 8.1 app? hopefully it wouldn't take too much effort as you've done the design and logic and back-end, just the ui would need developing? thank you so much, really looking forward to using the anymote!
@natanael_l communication with ninjasphere has been a bit slow, but we'll get there. we always try to be as responsive as possible, and since they've been so busy lately it's understandable to have small delays in communication. you mentioned gestures though: we'll also have a gestures mode in the app, where you'll get a distraction-free screen on which you can simply swipe (without looking) to control stuff. there's a glimpse of it in action in the video too, although it's not very clear and definitely not in it's final version. @alvin the gear4 remote seems to have lasted 2 years - launch to abandonment (that's what a short research shows). we already have more than a year and a half under our belt with our product, and now it's all getting exciting. we're not going anywhere. as for tech advancements - bluetooth 4 (which is what we use) was adopted into the official bluetooth specs one year before the gear4 launched. there's currently no other tech that beats bluetooth 4 out there - not even just a draft.
stretch goal achieved! :)
any news on ninjasphere integration? imho it is fine if it "only" becomes available via firmware update after launch or something like that, if you have limited spare time for implementating it. since both devices use ble it should definitely be possible to integrate them. i'd love to use that device to send commands to my tv, etc. would be awesome to use that device's triangulation to make command gestures (wave at the tv to turn it on, as it track your smartwatch moving?).
thanks for making the comparison. i believe we would all appreciate it if you would continue to develop anymote even after kickstarter. the delivery is in june 2015. hopefully technology will not advance too much after we get the remote. :)
@alvin anymote home also works on with android, still maintained (gear4 seems to have stopped in january 2013), with batteries that a year instead of 3 weeks, works with multiple phones at the same time, has a much larger database of supported commands, reconnects automatically with the phone, etc.. to be fair, a lot of the advantages anymote home has are there because of the advancements in technology, with components that were simply not available when the gear4 unity remote was created. bluetooth 4 with it's fantastic battery life and reliability, newer phone oss and much faster hardware that allow more complex (and by extension - smarter) apps to run - are just two of those huge advantages that anymote has. it's evolution.
how much better is the anymote compared to the gear4 unity remote that cost about us$50 on amazon.com and much less (sgd$35/us$28) on qoo10.sg? not sure if the ~50-200% higher price is worth paying. thanks. http://www.amazon.com/gear4-unityremote-universal-remote-control/dp/b00468g6pu/ref=sr_1_cc_1… http://list.qoo10.sg/item/gear4-unity-remote-for-ipod-iphone/410585545
cool:) thanks guys. exciting project with all of the versatility of arduino! will be experimenting with some ideas.
@cdyrssen yes. you'll have to add some extra extra hardware for that though.
@creator thanks for the response! sorry for my ignorance but since the diy kit is arduino based will we be able to add our own functionalities to the anymote? ie adding bluetooth to be able to control a ps4?
@james any mce remote + receiver should work, and a lot of our customers use ortek remotes. i don't know if it would work with the raspberry pi though - looks like there are some problems with ir receivers there.
reviewed my home automation plans, can't wait for anymote now! in your experience, what is the best ir remote/receiver to use with an xbmc raspberry pi that will happily work with anymote please?
@cdyrssen the arduino hardware setup that you can build with our diy plans has nothing in common with the final anymote home hardware. firmware updates for the anymote don't apply to the arduino setup, because they run on different stacks, different processors, etc. we will update the arduino code if problems appear or when there are new features added in anymote home though.
@creator will the diy kit backers get any firmware improvements for the actual hub? or will we be stuck with the prototype software as well?
i do hope rf will be added. it would make the usability a lot bigger in my opinion. and i would think it is not an expensive addition this little device also has it added: ir frequency: 38k; rf frequency: 433 / 315mhz  http://www.ebay.ca/itm/new-broadlink-rm-pro-smart-intelligent-wifi-ir-rf-remote-controll-center-system-/231295238658
thanks for responding re ps3 control. i'll get an adaptor. on the same line of thought, anymote does macros such as selecting hdmi 1, 2 etc. on lg tv's. can it be configured to control the ps3 to, for example, go to the 'movies' area of the menu automatically?  it's my media streamer, so the more use between anymote and ps3 ir control would be really useful! loving that this has also been partnered with the stack! could you possibly announce this on your page/in these comments to give them a boost too?
@stephen dennison jr. i plan on hooking up a usb ir receiver to my fire tv. i've read positive results.
@paul yes, wake on lan will work too. as you said, simple feature.
hi, to fully satisfy my needs, the remote app should support wake on lan, to turn on my media pc. would be a very simple feature.. are there any plans?
@rolph we're looking into adding radio support now, but it's highly unlikely that will make it into the final version of anymote home - maybe in an addon. there are several kinds of radios (different frequencies), and each of them requires it's own setup. @andy yes it will work on multiple devices simultaneously. the first ios device that connects will act as a proxy through wifi for all other devices on the same network. @miles we already have in the companion app a backup/restore feature which you can use to transfer whole setups from one phone/tablet to another. in our latest update, we added a "share" feature, with which you can send to another smart ir remote user a single remote. as i told rolph, multiple users and devices in the same room are also handled, so everyone can use his/her device to control the anymote at the same time, with a queue getting formed for absolutely simultaneous commands. don't worry though, on average a command takes 0.025 seconds to send - you won't ever feel this queue.
i backed this the day i saw it, but a question's been nagging at me.  without having ever used a device with an ir remote, i'm curious - how does anymote deal with multiple users and multiple devices in the same setup? will multiple connecting devices, have a way to share settings and configurations with each other easily?  how quickly and easy can a set of settings be shared?  will anymote have any problems with multiple devices giving it instructions at the same time?
just backed this great looking project! can it work with two ios devices at the same time? that way my wife and i don't have to play "pass the remote".
it would be great if radio controlled remotes can also will be supported. for the light at home we have such a remote for instance. is that part of the plan? you do mention compatibility with the stack box. but i don't want to buy them both. anymote is a nice small box. and radio controlled remotes don't eat batteries. so it would be a great addition (if not already planned)
@maksym in update #2 we actually announced compatibility with the stack box :-) we're working now on adding compatibility with other systems too. by the way, we're working now on another trick too: if you leave a tablet at home connected to the wifi, it will act as a hub too. it's a beta feature, working so far.
@abdul halim mat ali, @creator - what about third party controllers (or smart home servers), to manage devices from internet or using wi-fi, like "the stack box - a smart home controller"? controller can connect to anymote using bt4.0, and translate commands from internet, or make some smart things - like switch on/off air conditioning.
@ creator - thanks for the quick response. no worries at all as it covers quite a range of other devices i have.  your product is amazing and i just backed it!
@stephen no, it won't, sorry. for that we'd have to include an extra older-generation bluetooth chip which uses a lot of power and wouldn't allow the anymote home to be battery-powered anymore. that, and having to deal with proprietary protocols, having to emulate keyboards (for character inputs), joysticks (for gaming systems like ps3) and remotes (your fire tv), which would also delay this project substantially.
hey guys - great idea!  quick question, will this work with devices that use bluetooth remotes e.g., amazon fire tv and others?
@abdul halim mat ali not yet, now. as mentioned earlier, wifi would mean much higher power usage, and anymote home couldn't be battery-powered anymore. we didn't want to have that limitation.
@creator. any chance of integrating anymote with wireless so that we can control our devices remotely via internet?
@color tiger: every pc can have bluetooth 4.0 with a bluetooth usb adapter. there are many good and inexpensive ones out there.
@creator: that's fantastic news :) than i'm staying :)
@elias while we're planning on building a windows app too, it's not a priority right now especially since how few pcs with bluetooth 4.0 exist. we'll probably have a web interface (sending commands through your phone) before that.
hi, awesome product! one short question: will there be a windows pc based interface, too?
@rudolfs caune yes, it will work on your xperia z2, there's no reason it won't. as long as it runs android 4.3 or newer (you have 4.4.2) and has a bluetooth 4.0 chip (you also have that) you're good to go.  since anymote home is not yet out for sale, there's no reason to make smart ir remote compatible with your phone - that will change on november 1st.
how about more android phone support? i have xperia z2 and your app shows that my device is incompatible. will there be support for this model? i backed this project, but i did not realize that my phone might not be able to run your app.
@creator, that's good news!!! so we can already experiment with it!
@seyha if it's ir, it will work. @michael our arduino prototype currently has 1 ir sender, but we'll try to make one with 4 blasters by the en of the campaign. the battery life of the arduino prototype doesn't even come close to the one we achieved on our final anymote design. @tim yes, we will make the app available to every backer as soon as we receive the funds from kickstarter. as for wifi devices - our priority is to add support for wifi devices that aren't controllable through ir (example sonos). we have started working on others as well though, and we'll try to make a priority out of pioneer too.
had already seen the app before, but with no ir capable devices i had hardly any use for it :( however the tasker plugin is one of the features that attracts me most, means i can control via my pebble watch :) so i'm happy this nice device will allow me to use the app. most likely this will replace my harmony one. i was wondering, does the app also support controlling devices via wifi, which also have ir remote controls?, e.g. pioneer av. if so, it would be cool that when the project is funded we already get access to the app (not just phones/tablets with ir)!!!!
does the diy version have the capability to have the additional 3 ir senders to do the 360 coverage?  how does the arduino battery life of the diy option compare to the texas instruments chip in the final product?
@creator i have question i have karaoke system bought from asain the remote use integrated ir will be possible work with your product?
@mario as far as i know eyetv has no remote interface (over wifi or other kind), and the solutions for plex seem to be incomplete or buggy. we are planning a workaround to help with plex that should also work with eyetv and other desktop programs, by making a desktop app to accept commands over wifi. it's still a few months away though and i couldn't tell you now what range of commands that would accept. the macmini has an integrated ir receiver, so eyetv play/pause and simple navigation should work through ir though.
so planning on upping the pledge but wanted to know... i'm running plex on my macmini. can anymote turn on the tv, launch plex on the mac and then control plex? i'm also running eyetv can i do the same? cheers, mario
@hardik as long as your remote is infrared, anymote can learn new commands for it. so if a new device launches 1, 2 or 5 years from now but uses the same type of remote we started using 50 years ago (infrared), you'll be ok. as for dishnetwork, we already have support for all their remotes and they will work right out of the box. you asked about how anymote connects to your different devices - because of how infrared remotes work (one-way communication), it isn't a real connection like on the internet. instead, the anymote just blasts the signals all over the room, and your equipment picks it up and executes the commands.
i have dishnetwork console and right now its not working my universal remote control, is that going to work on this device? how this device connect to different divices and what if new devices come in the market after 1 year, will this anymote identify and work on those too?
@koen we are definitely planning on building a windows app too, but since we haven't even started working on it, i couldn't give you an estimated time of release. each of our current apps (android and ios) have taken 6+ months to develop, and our focus at the moment is to have everything working smoothly on android & ios first.
hi, is there coming an app for windows phone 8.1 & windows 8.1? i've got a wp8.1 smartphone (nokia lumia 925) and the asus transformer book t100. so it would be nice if there's coming a wp8.1 & windows 8.1 app. thnx in advance
@james ps3 would only work with a 3rd party adapter. we have support for plenty of these (logitech, nyko, ir2bt, schmartz, etc..) and you could always add your own.
hi, would this provide the ability to turn ps3 on? just thinking, if it has the scenes to select inputs on lg, could it also turn the ps3 on at the same time?
your self-powered feature is a big advantage.  thanks for that info.
@boukorders i just saw they have more than one app. either way, my comment stands. also, it looks like that product has a limited database (people complaining of their devices not being supported) and no option to record new commands. information about it is very scarce.
@boukorders that's not our product. our standards are higher than that. anymote home: - also works on ios - has no wires (can be placed anywhere) - no useless limit of only 8 controlled devices - uses bluetooth low energy so that your phone's battery isn't affected either - as i told someone a while ago, you can even call a brick "hardware". the software  backing that hardware is what makes the hardware either really powerful, or as useless as a plain old universal remote. that app has 2 stars out of 5 on google play. @taka we haven't been able to test it with lego power, but there really isn't any reason anymote wouldn't work with it. we have a few users who are already using our app to control it :)
i might have missed some basic concept, but it looks like the converter already exists by next generation, at  www.focuscamera.com product code :blu-android in stock ships today! price: $69.95
will anymote work with lego power functions? (which uses ir to communicate so i assume it does).  wanted to hear if you had a chance to test it or not. http://powerfunctions.lego.com/en-us/default.aspx
@creater great to hear this. waiting eagerly to put my hands on it :-)
@tony yes, anymote home will work with apple tv too. as for ninja sphere, we're actually talking to them now. we should be able to come back to you with a definitive answer (we will integrate or not) in about a week, but know that if it will be technically possible, we will do it.
forgot the link to the ninja sphere project. here it is https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/ninja/ninja-sphere-next-generation-control-of-your-envir
will the anymote work with apple's tv remote two? +1 for the ceiling mount for me. i'd be very happy if you could reach out to the ninja sphere team and make the anymote work with the sphere. congrats for the milestone and looking forward for the stretch goals.
@abdul, people want to do that and discussing ideas
anymote can be placed on a ceiling? is that possible?  did i miss anything that i need to understand?
another idea is using a bunch of neodymium magnets on anymote's base.  you can then make a mounting plate with matching magnets or a piece of metal. this way i can also put it upside down under the coffee table.
@asterix that's an idea too. we'd have to do some research to see if all those mounting plates are the same / compatible first. @eugen there's a reason our casing is fully black now, and that's to make the transparent part as little see-through as possible. we might be able to find a solution with a plastic that's not transparent for human vision but transparent for 840 - 960nm wavelength, but since our current solution works well and testing takes a while, we probably won't make the switch unless it's totally worth it.
one option is to think of locking on to a mounting plate used by smoke and co detectors. then you can just twist and lock.
@creator, great!!!!
seeing as ceiling mounting is a quite popular idea, i think a white version should also be made. the ir port could either be transparent or stay black, depending on how much electronics is visible from the outside. i would even pay more for a white version! :)
@asterix we used a factory (probably the same we're going to go forward with) to make the prototype casing, with the specific requirement that we'd only make stuff that can later be mass-produced identically. they've done stuff like these before, so we should be good. @bram thanks!
@creator i know ps4 is not supporting ir, but i think its a nice strechtgoal. so i hope you are considering it :) as you mentiod before. goodluck with the process!
@creators, what i was saying is there any difficulties in mass producing the case. people usually use industrial quality 3d printing to make prototypes. but for mass producing you need tooling done and what i was asking is how confident are you in maintaining the quality and the looks.
@mourad, read my posts again. i implied no stretch goals in my first post below and just thew some ideas in the second post and implied it's not possible in this campaign.
ceiling mount would be great - that was my first thought on placement (since i have no coffee table or anything in the middle of the room to place the anymote. should be something quite easy to add (to 2.0 if not this version), i'm thinking it would be similar to the fixing for a smoke detector - small disk permanently attached to the ceiling that the anymote will clip/screw in to (so it's easy to take down to replace batteries etc). a little like this one: http://p.globalsources.com/images/pdt/b0365856874/ionization-smoke-alarm.jpg
@asterix everything you see in the photos are actual pictures of the case. here's a high-res version if you'd like (forgive the specs of dust please): http://bit.ly/1vspjfq  . as for the ir transparency of the material, it's actually transparent with a dark shade (you could see inside it with a flashlight), but it always looks black because there's no humanly-visible light coming out. as for the suggestions for the stretch goals - guys, don't worry, we're not going to take on anything that would delay the project or require a power cord. this means no docking station, no extra lights, rgb ticker or projection clock (sorry asterix). as some of you suggested though, these are likely to make it in anymote 2.0, including a few other interesting features. from a hardware point of view, the two things that we're considering now for stretch goals are: - the support for ps4 - which is a long shot because it has a high potential of delaying the whole project - support for wired ir extenders - which we're not very fond of because of .. wires. from a hardware point of view, it wouldn't delay it though.
@asterix using anymote as a docking station means power cord!! defeats the purpose doesn't it? all those fancy ideas assuming they can be implemented imply delays which nobody wants including you the way. i backed the project because of its apparent simplicity from a user stand point and clean design. no need either to harass the creator. if people don't like the project they shouldn't back it in the first place in my opinion. suggestions are ok of course but within reason. i will remove my pledge if it start growing 3 heads :) merci!
one thing that would be nice is to make the top portion of anymote a dock. that way if i have a dedicated smart device or even my current phone i can place it there for charging. with a tv in the bedroom anymote can go on a bedside table and this feature might be useful. the challenges are looks, different modules for lightning and micro usb, mfi certification may be. another suggestion is for a projection clock that projects upwards. another one is for a rgb led ticker on the housing under the ir window well there's anymote 2.0
@creators, i am going to be sure you are going to be pressed and pressurized for stretch goals. please be responsible in what you can take on as a stretch goal to avoid delays. i have no doubt about your apps.  your hardware, while requiring care, does not seem to be very complicated. however i feel the long pole in your case is the enclosure. i don't know how far you are in the feasibility process.  are you confident of achieving the look and feel that you show here? have you checked if there is any attenuation of the ir signal.  the color of the ir transparent material.
hmmm...since you're talking about stretch goals...how about a device that can receive ir but control serial devices. i'm thinking commercial grade stuff like projectors mounted on ceilings or multiple tv's for conference rooms.
and by the way, why not thinking of a following project, integrating it directly in a kind of bulb. by this there will be power and most of the time bulbs are placed in the centre of a room.
as long as it's hackable that's fine by me ;)
quite obvious idea, though! i was instantly thinking of mounting it to the ceiling.
@eugen that's a really interesting idea but since we didn't think of that it'll probably not going to make it in the final version. there might be a way to hack it though, depending on the method we'll have for "stitching" the enclosure. i'll get back to you on this.
will it have any type of mounting holes on the bottom? i'm thinking of mounting it in the ceiling like a smoke detector, that way there will always be an unobstructed view to all my appliances.
@tobias yes, airconditioners will work with anymote too. they're one of the big reasons we built it for - most ir blasters in modern smartphones (of those that actually carry an ir blaster) can't handle many a/c signals
very excited about this product. im wondering whether you have considered aircons as well? those can have fairly complex long commands.
@jb yes it definitely will!
will it also support popcorn hour?
sounds great!
@david we initially wanted to make one full license to work on 3 different devices, regardless of the google accounts. we're now exploring an option to make them work on a fixed number of google accounts (more than 1), without a limit on devices. i'll get back to you on that. lifx - they have a clearly documented api. if everything goes well, we should have it working within a matter of days. plug-away - there doesn't seem to be an api/sdk here, but we'll get in touch with them to see what can be done. it's wifi though, and that means it's likely we'll have that too. ninjasphere - they're one of the few that have already been in contact with us, and we're going to work towards finding a solution to integrate anymote with ninjasphere as efficiently as possible. we don't know the level of integration that will be possible, but we'll definitely do everything that's doable from a technical point of view. as for bluetooth support, right now it's unlikely because of the huge focus we've put into making one thing, and doing it right. maybe as a stretch goal, but we'll see when we get there.
does one full license mean that i can download the app with one google account ? is there a way (maybe strech goals) to add more licenses because i don't really want to leave my phone at home all the time just so my girlfriend or roommate can use the tv etc. it would be nice to be able to have like 2-3 licenses (i imagine that would be especially helpful for families). also i hope the lifx support comes fast after the release because i would really like to automaticaly set my bulbs to movie mode while starting up xbmc. do you plan support for plug-away (https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/337922278/smart-power-strip-control-your-appliances-from-any…) or ninja sphere (https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/ninja/ninja-sphere-next-generation-control-of-your-envir…) ? it would be awesome if i could use one app to turn off everything xd. (and maybe bluetooth support would be a possible strech goal? you know, ps4 and all...)
@dale the ps4 uses bluetooth, which is why anymote won't be able to control it. we do have macros which you can configure to do anything you want, including turning on your sky set top box, your tv, switching to the correct input, and more.
sorry if this question has already been asked but will this work with a uk ps4 & can you set up macros to swap between watching sky satellite & ps4 etc similar to a harmony one?. thanks for your help in advance & this looks great. good luck
@stan along with the diy plans we'll also release the documentation for the communication over ble between the phone (or any device of your choosing) with the anymote. since both the diy arduino and the final anymote home use ble and exactly the same protocol, the app works exactly the same way with both - no update required. the current android app (version 2.0.4 published on google play) does have everything required to connect to anymote in it, but it doesn't have the bluetooth permissions, so we'll have to send you a new version along with the plans.
i'm a diy backer.  you say the docs will enable a 100% working prototype.  does the prototype document the ble connection to the phone as well?  would the current android app work with a prototype, or will in ultimately be updated to include the ble connection to the device?
@niek the really nice thing about state-based systems is when you switch from one activity to another. like, if you're playing xbox, and want to switch to watching roku, the harmony will let you do that in a single button press.  a stateless macro system would make it more difficult, particularly if your devices only have power-toggle commands. but if the devices have discrete on/off, you can program stateless macros that'll do a pretty good job. yeah, your "watch roku" macro will send superfluous tv on, receiver on signals and it'll send an xbox off signal whether or not the xbox is on, but... it'll still work.
@niek yes, it will be possible to cancel the license on one device to use it on another.  as for the state awareness, it's nothing more than the remote remembering that the tv was turned on, so it knows that pressing the "power" button will turn it off on the next button press. it's easy to mess it up if you use another remote, and to compensate, for a large number of remotes we actually have dedicated separate power on and power off buttons.
if you have 3 devices connected ( 3 apps installed), but would like to switch, is it possible to un-register a device and register a new one? and what is state awareness that the logitech harmony remotes have and this one doesn't? i now have a harmony 1000
@madalena the signal sent by anymote is strong and easily bounces off walls. it's not about the angle, but about the surface you want to bounce it off, and the total distance. if it's just around a corner, it might work, but not guaranteed.
so if i have a tv and a mediaplayer and airconditioner  in the same room but no in the same visual space it won't work that's right??how big is the angle it can catch???
@madalena no, definitely not. you can control all multiple devices with one anymote home, as long as they're in visual range of the anymote. if you have 2 rooms though, you will need one for each room.
so do we need an anymore for each device to be able to control multiple devices at once???
@keith one big important thing that we wanted to get rid of with anymote home was the requirement for wires. we're happy with the battery life now, and if you want to use rechargeable batteries - feel free to do that! as long as they follow the aa format, they should be good to go too. we considered using internal rechargeable non-replaceable batteries, but they don't last as long and it was just an over-complication. we also experimented with indoor solar-powered which mostly worked, but the tech isn't quite there yet + it wouldn't work in closed cabinets.
hey guys. great idea. would you consider a powered device, or at least rechargeable rather than disposable batteries?
@michael yes, the included license of the app works for 3 different devices. thank you for backing anymote!
hi there.  being a diy embedded electronics tinkerer, i backed for the arduino pledge.  a question:  will my other family members be able to load the app on their iphones/ipads as well as me? thanks, michael
@asterix with our macro system, you can make "presets" that send multiple commands at the same time. that could be powering on multiple devices at the same time, or even just changing to a specific channel.  line of sight isn't required between the phone and anymote, but it is required between anymote and your equipment. unfortunately that's the drawback of infrared. @mike state-aware functionality is the one thing harmony does that we can't. why ? they patented it. @aaron thank you!
looks great. i bought the htc version of the app back when i had the htc one. this looks like a great option for us without an ir blaster. this app was one of the things i missed when i did the htc one.
does the software support harmony-style "activities" (state-aware macros, basically), or is it just stateless macros?
ok you run on batteries. disregard the last question
also how do you power anymote?
will you inegrate this with stack bix also here in kicksarter at https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1561203377/the-stack-box-a-smart-home-controller they seem to be very open and it will be wonderfull to merge this to options
also i see you placed anymote inside the drawer. will it still work without line of sight?
can i have presets which turns off and turns on multiple devices at the same time.
can i have presets which turns off and turns on multiple devices at the same time.
@alok that's not going to be possible, sorry. the anymote would have to keep the receiver powered on continuously, which would kill the batteries much faster.
given that anymote has an ir receiver, can we use it with another traditional remote to carry out the basic tasks? i am thinking of harmony smart control that can also be used with a backup remote.
@color tiger oops my bad, must've missed that part because of all the excitement :d i'm really looking forward to this!
@michael we are too! that's what's cool about flexibility - ideas that we didn't even think of appear all the time!
@jeff in smart ir remote you can rearrange buttons as you like, resize them, change colors, texts, icons, remove them, add new ones, etc. we actually encourage you to create your own layout that actually fits your personal needs.
if you end up implementing notifications as events/triggers that would combine the two things i really have been looking for: ir control via smartphone/tablet (it's really sad how few devices include an ir blaster) and an external notification led. and it would be even more flexible by allowing to trigger other actions on notifications. i'm really excited!
just out of curiosity when you have a supported remote like for dish receivers will you be stuck with the pre-made layout in the app or will you be able to lay buttons out as you like?
@eugen anymote home already contains an ir receiver, and the functionality of uploading remotes has already been available in smart ir remote for months. it's actually how we got to support so many devices.
@michael you actually have an interesting idea, which we haven't considered yet, but definitely will now - using notifications from other apps as events/triggers. we already support a large number of rgb leds controllable by ir, and their remotes usually look like this: http://bit.ly/1vgahct .so yes, your setup will definitely be possible with anymote. we're also working now on wifi support for philips hue, and plan to add as many other wifi devices (including lights). we have an internal system where adding new wifi devices is really easy - it took us just 2 days (including testing) to add support for philips smart tvs, without even having access to the actual tv.
i also pledged the super early bird thanks to your email. this could be a huge stretch goal but maybe we could add an ir-receiver so those of us without htc's can record new remotes and share with the community?
thanks for the quick reply and for the clarification. on a completely different topic: do you have any experience on controlling rgb led bulbs with this (either via wifi or via ir)? if so, what would i have to look for when choosing such a color adjustable led bulb and could i even use your app then to use it for signaling certain events on my phone (e.g. turn light on and change color to red when receiving an e-mail, blink green when receiving a message on facebook, ...)?
@michael everyone who gets an anymote home or connects to an anymote home will get upgraded to the full version if (s)he uses the lite version of our app. by default all licenses offered with anymote home (including kickstarter) will be for the full app. sorry for the confusion!
on your webpage you distinguish between "anymote smart remote" and "anymote smart remote lite", which seems to be the version you will offer together with anymote home. could you please specify in which respect this "lite" version will be less functional than the full app (as the name suggests)?
thanks for the email, i am now a super early bird backer. i really like the smart remote app, been using it since the galaxy s4 and now s5. hope it gets funded!
@gray we are working on an api that would specifically make the connection with ifttt easy. we've contacted them a while ago and until they get back to us we'll make sure to have everything ready. as for smart things, that's something we're starting to work on now (so that it's ready by the time anymote home ships). as long as it's technically possible, we plan to support every major "hub". we've already discussed this with soap, ninjasphere and others, so that we are heading towards true home automation.
i see that you plan ifttt support. do you have any timeline on that? specifically, i'd like to be able to use this with smartthings. even better would be having it work natively with st, so i could do things like turning things off/on/changing inputs based on actions or sensors in st.  is that a possibility?
@alok maybe a stretch goal :)
will this work with devices that use bluetooth remotes (e.g., amazon fire tv)? may be a stretch goal :)
finally!! :)
just backed it as well because i saw marie - andree poisson post it. she's really spreading the word for you guys!
hi paul! we will get fcc, ce and other certifications as needed for selling in each country. uk is definitely included!
thanks to marie-andree for the recommendation via backershub, now backed the super early bird. one thing i need to check, will the fcc approval cover use in the uk?
yes, they are supported in smart ir remote too (the app controlling the anymote home). we already have support for roku, samsung smart tvs, lg smart tvs, sonos, vlc, itunes (including media controls for apple tv), xbmc, boxee and philips smart tvs, and working on adding many others!
just backed! what about wi-fi remotes (ex. roku)? are they supported in any way?
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
