thanks!  really appreciate it!
@david, i'll drop you an email and we'll get it taken care of.
hi, not sure if you are still monitoring this comment board or not, but in the event that you are, i wanted to say that i love my backpack and my large duffel.  i've traveled with the backpack all over the world.  just yesterday i noticed one of the straps is beginning to tear.  i'm not carrying anything heavy, ipad, macbook air (small), notepad and misc cables for charging.  i hope you all can help me out...thanks
@ rick doten: thanks rick for the feedback and suggestions! that's a great idea to add padding to the bottom of the pack. we're amazed at how much ground you covered over the past month - happy our pack could join your travels and thanks for putting it through the ringer! welcome to the fidelis family!
i've enjoyed my backpack for about a month now.  it's been to new york, toronto, san francisco, los angeles, and even mexico, and i love it.  the size is perfect, and almost every week i learn a new feature: like i never noticed the zipper on the bottom before today (thanks to mention in previous comment).  i love the style, as it sets me apart from all the other guys in the airports with their bulky victorinox backpacks.  i immediately purchased the side patches, which are very handy, and the field pouch, which is a perfect complement to store loose items, since the backpack doesn't have internal pouches or dividers.  i already had a cocoon grid-it that i use as a laptop divider and organizer for cables and adapters that fits perfectly.  one thing i did was put a pad on the bottom to protect my laptop.  now that found the secret bottom pocket, i've move the pad to there.  maybe make an accessory chevron-shaped foam piece that fits in this pocket to keep the backpack bottom chevron shape, and protect electronics in the backpack when you put it down.  quality of materials, craftsmanship, and attention to detail is top rate.  i appreciate the cobra buckle, though overkill for the application, shows the commitment to quality, and is a statement piece.
i would also add that i purchased one of these: http://fidelisco.com/collections/accessories/products/field-pouch i keep all my small stuff in it so i can easily get my small items. what is cool is with a loaded bag i put it at the top and i can access it fro the quick access zipper on the top. works beautifully and is very usfull.
i too got my bag. my thoughts: exceptional quality.  i find it interesting that the bag "looks" smaller than my the backpack i am replacing but yet i can store more into it because if the square shape. i am very happy with it. nitpicks: the size of that patches needs fine tuning, while positioning the patches, all three do not fit perfectly with all the velcro applied. meaning some part of one of the patches will extend past the velcro area. baseless thoughts:  often you pick up the bag by one strap as you put it on, i wonder if a loaded bag is too much stress on the stitch that hold the strap to the bag. i don't know if i feel comfortable putting anything in the zippered compartment on the very bottom of the bag over a concern the zipper will slowly open. it hasn't happend yet so maybe i will change my mind over time. with all that said, this is the finest bag i have ever owned. i will be using it daily so it will get tested.. i am very happy with the bag.
got my bag yesterday!  it's fantastic!  great job, guys!  can't wait to use it on my next trip.
any updates for us?  i hope all is well.  i ordered a few things from your site.  the quality is amazing!
i meant to say my 225 pledge is more than the 75 required for the patches. in other kicksters the or more means the rewards stack.
nitpicking but your description reads "pledge 75 or more" 225 is note than 75.
hi @larry thanks for question. that is correct you will need to purchase them separately; both the alcon and gtg do not come with the patches, keychains or notebooks.
hello. just for clarity, if you pledged a alcon for $225, do you also get the three patches, notebook and key chain? will i need to purchase them separately? thank you, larry
it is clear from your videos, images, and demos that your gear designs are amazing and that your materials are top of their class, all the way down to the meticulous effort that you have put forth to ensure stitching, seams, and buckles are all integrated into a solid package.  please keep the innovations coming!
and about the expandable volume design，i suggest to refer to the design of rambler pack from mission workshop，it can expand from 22l to 44l，and have an amazing removable waistbelt.
could you te l l me the detail about the backpack？the weight and the volume，the fabric map.i think the waxed canva isn't a good fabric of high expansive backpack.it's heavy and cheap. i suggest to use a few of black cuben fabric.i have a hmg cuben pack，which have full pack features，thick shoulder pad and waist belt，aluminous inner frame and 50l volume.it only weight 800 grams.also，cuben is a full waterproof fabric.that's much better than a rain cover.
@ mark geyer: thx mark - appreciate the support! /brandon
looking forward to sporting the alcon! almost there ;)
@zheng kai - kung fu master: thanks for backing the campaign and all of the suggestions. our alcon bag does have the ability to expand for different loads.  the top of the bag can be loosened or tightened based on the size of the load. additionally, we built in an interior rain hood that can be pulled out and expanded to cover an increased load size.
and a removeable waist belt and a expandable   load design would be great，when some times we need to do a short hiking in travel.
and a removeable waist belt and a expandable   load design would be great，when some times we need to do a short hiking in travel.
anyway，i like your design very much.maybe you need to compare with more urban packs designed by outdoor brands.that will be helpful.
the price scared me.i can buy a arcteryx a/c2 waterproof urban pack，or a mission workshop pack system，by less than 200 bucks. by the way，i like your pack design，but not the fabric.unlike military，commter pack or urban pack need to be lightweght and waterproof.outlier and a lot of new brands try to use cuben and dyneema to build urban packs.cordura is not a good idea.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
