this was a waste of money for me because it never fit my face size wise. anybody looking for one? i'll sell it to you!
@dave, that's right, pebble does some onboard processing and can store data than gets transferred to the app upon syncing. vigo doesn't contain a flash memory and rather transmits data in real-time to the app. this is by design as vigo requires real-time response to drowsiness events, unlike functions like activity tracking where it's ok to check your number of steps only when needed rather than real-time. vigo lasts for 12 hours of talk time and 10 days of standby time, not 5 minutes; as long as you set your phone to stay on it works perfectly and we've had no problem running it for long shifts with fleets we are working with.
with respect, much of pebble is a javascript library that runs in the app, not the watch. the watch is largely useless without the app in the background. some of the basic health statistics are done on-device (and they manage 10+ days of battery, i could live with 24 solid hours of vigo, and then it charges when i do), but almost anything interesting on pebble requires the pebble ios app to be available in the background. with a "vigo only works for 5 minutes" limitation, what's the intended use?
@dave, we do support ios as evidenced by the ios app. the only requirement is that the app has to be in the foreground with the screen on. if the app goes into the background, or if the screen turns off for some time, ios would automatically "kill" the app to prevent battery drain. android doesn't do this, so android supports running vigo along with other apps. also, unlike android, ios also doesn't allow apps to force iphone to keep its screen on; there are hacks around this but it violates apple's terms of agreement and doing so would risk being banned. the reason why pebble's app can run in the background is that pebble's algorithm runs in the device itself rather than through the app. vigo doesn't contain such a powerful processor so it offloads the algorithm to the app; the benefit is the much longer battery life on vigo.
@jason gui "on ios there is a limitation unfortunately that doesn't allow apps running algorithms to run in the background" -- with respect, why would you claim compatibility with a particular operating system if you require something that the os doesn't provide? or at a minimum, why wouldn't you at least keep the device awake when the app is running to pretend like you want people to use this? also, why can pebble seem to run on ios as needed in the background? i'm with victoria on this one, it's gone into the tray of useless things, and will get dumped into electronics recycling in the near future. another $160 straight to recycling :/
@victoria, we're happy to help if you're having trouble with your device. you can reach us at info@wearvigo.com and we can see how we can help you resolve your issue.
mine won't work and keeps wanting to recalibrate so it has gone in the tray of useless things
@jacob, thanks for the valuable feedback! we're definitely working on fitting onto these different facial shapes as described in our newest update. we'll keep the kickstarter community informed of our progress!
@michael, the new head tilt feature mentioned in our newest update may be able to work regardless of your facial structure. give it a try!
thought i'd try it again. still having problems as well. different glasses, different fit, etc all result in a constant re-calibrate message.
i finally found a few friends and family that vigo will work for.  those of us with deeper ears it doesn't seem to work for, but shallow ears had no problems at all.  the fit was great for thin folks, and awful for anyone that was overweight or had a round face instead of a narrow face.  these common traits were all things i found with a small handful of folks (8), and may not apply to others with fitting issues.  hopefully all the failed to fit input will help y'all come up with some better designs so this product can be more effective.
@christian, sorry to hear it's not working well for your friends. the "updates" section contains some tips on how to fit vigo better. we will also have a software update released in april that will fix some of the issues.
... its not working for me, my wife or friends.... :(
@felipe, the app is still available, try uninstalling the original app on your phone then reinstalling. the tips on positioning the sensor listed in our updates page may help.
aggg try to calibrate it is really hard, it doesn't detect my blinks, but i see i'm not the only one with the issue...
is the app still avaliable?, somehow i can't download it on the playstore, but with any other app works...
@alex, perhaps you could send over some pictures of you wearing it to us at info@wearvigo.com and we'll try to provide more advice.
@anontwat, what do you mean by the fact that the ear gels you receive aren't in good condition - are they damaged?
i've tried the suggestions in the recent update, and while it was helpful to know i should be trying to see the blue light blink on the white of my eye, i am just unable to have the arm reach far enough out to do so while wearing the device. the ear gels are also not big enough to have the device sit securely in my ear without it being loose. i really don't know what to do to get this to work right. i've bent it lightly to try to get a better angle, i've tried straightening it out like the guide said, but it doesn't reach my eye. what can i do?
hi jason, i got mine, but ear-gels i received are not in good condition. i could not adjust the position so that the led light is falling onto the white of my eye. straightening out the neck of vigo  also doesn't help. t think it's a bit too short for me.
@marsha, great, thanks for the ongoing support marsha, keep us updated!
@jason, despite being your #1 fan, would you believe that my vigo arrived  last week, and i still haven't even opened the shipping box?!? it's been one of those weeks, lol. however, i hope to rip it open asap. i can't stand waiting much more!!! ;-) i'll be in touch soon. i'm planning on doing an unboxing on periscope, and review/demo once i've had the chance to use it. i'll tweet it to your vigo account when i'm going live.  just wanted to let you know why you haven't heard my reaction yet.
@kiran, to enter pairing mode, make sure vigo is off (it will say power off when you press the main button for 5 seconds). wait at least 3 seconds, then press the button for 8 seconds to enter pairing mode. vigo will say "power on - pairing" and start flashing red and blue. don't let go when you hear "power on" or beeps.
hi guys love vigo ... or i'm sure i would if it actually paired with my phone i've got an iphone 6 but i cannot persuade it to pair i follow the instructions to the letter however it just turns off or beeps i can't get it to appear on my bluetooth device list on my phone or my girlfriends 5s is there a fix ?
@jacob, if you send some pictures of yourself wearing it to info@wearvigo.com, we can see what's wrong and give some pointers!
@khoa, thanks for the feedback! we're definitely working on improvements based on the current feedback we're getting to explore a better form factor and user flow. that's what kickstarter is all about - helping shape better products by being part of the process.
@jason, for those of us that can't get vigo to work despite constant efforts and trials, do y'all have any plans to do something like video chat to assess if the problem is with the user's efforts or the device's size?  i know you are sending a lot of these out, but maybe photos or video from the users so we can get this working if possible?
been trying to use it back n forth. all i can say is interesting idea and design (?)  but im feared to say that this is but just a prototype still or a product that still in beta phase. like other said, sometimes it works, most of the time not or somewhat confusing. hopefully you guys will improve this in a near future.
@grant, we made the distance 11.0cm so it should just barely reach you. when detecting blinks, vigo actually looks at the eye reopening time rather than the closing time, which is a more accurate indicator of drowsiness in realistic situations. when we try to imitate drowsiness we tend close slowly then reopen fast, but in real drowsiness settings we actually close at the regular speed but reopen slowly. so have your friend try to reopen her eyes slowly and it should work.
@jason, shortest distance from my ear to eye is 10.8cm.  guess i'm out of luck. are we going to see the blink detection stream added to the baseline app on android?  the pass/fail calibration tool leaves too much guesswork when trying to hunt for a useable position. i asked my flatmate to try it out, and calibration didn't take long or repeat.  she got a consistent 74-80% reading over a few minutes, but when she deliberately slowed her blinking there was no change in the percentage and no alert. when she closed her eyes entirely for a full minute, nothing changed. are there any other diagnostic tools available to verify things are working as expected?
@victoria, are you on ios or android? on android we can run in the background, on ios there is a limitation unfortunately that doesn't allow apps running algorithms to run in the background.
@grant, only the ios app has the blink detection feature - it was built just as an internal debug tool. we built vigo to fit people of different head sizes - we measured dozens of people to get their ear distance, which ranged from 7cm to 10cm, and designed the bendable neck to accommodate that range, so vigo should be able to fit different head sizes.
i fully agree with jon and grant i have been trying for days to get the position right and nothing and it continually wants me to recalibrate . the app having to be on makes my phone useless for anything else ??? great if you want to listen to music in one ear so gadget yes .
does the android app have a real-time stream of blink detection, or did you put that in the ios version only?  without some visual feedback from the app to assist in finding a good position, i don't see how i'll ever get any use out of this (i spent 4 hours going through every combination of straightening/bending, swapping ear sizes, switching from right to left ear, adjusting the angle from resting on my cheekbone to hovering just below my brow and everything between). i'm eager to put vigo to use, but aside from holding it a full centimeter forward from where it normally rests in my ear, there doesn't seem to be any position where it detects blinks. i wear a 7 3/4" size hat, so i suspect i'm outside the average head-size range this has been designed to work with.
@hannes,  we'll post a new updates with fresh pictures and more details in a few days; please stay tuned.
@toh, vigo should be able to fully function as a bluetooth headset for audio and music streaming. you'll need to press the main button for 8 seconds while the device is off to enter pairing mode (the red and blue lights will flash and vigo will say "pairing"). then you can pair to the device via your phone's settings to enable vigo for calls and music. what problem are you having specifically?
@jon, sorry that vigo has been hard on you. a jumping score means that vigo isn't placed correctly; if the sensor is in the right position the reading will remain stable. regarding running the app in the background, on android the app can be run in the background while on ios the app has to bee at the forefront. unfortunately that's a limitation with ios that we are unable to change. in future firmware updates we plan to port the algorithm to the device itself so it can run independently of the app.
yeah, vigo was a waste i'm afraid to say.  calibration does not work.  you calibrate it and then immediately it says it needs to be calibrated again.  or it will go from being awake to being asleep in 5 seconds.  huh? but the worst part is that you have to have the app open and in the foreground for vigo to work.  if i am driving at night the last thing i want is this bright light of an app staring me in the face.  it also means i can't use navigation apps, etc.  it's a worthless device without the app.  and it's a worthless concept that you must have the app running. this thing is a good laboratory experiment but you can't make something that is so dang frustrating just to get working and then expect the masses to buy it.  this is more like a college experiment than anything else. really, really disappointed.  glad i only invested $100.
using the vigo is really frustrating. firstly calibration does not work. i am trying to get it to pair with my phone to answer the phone or listen to music but it does not seem to work. this is going to be an expensive paperweight
getting the vigo to pick up blinks is really frustrating. please provide some more photos and graphics so we better understand how to position it correctly and what the sensor really sees (in which direction - forward or straight down? i simply don't manage to arrange it correctly)
@sony, we haven't tested vigo with desktops yet; does the bluetooth functionality pair with your phone? if it does then your desktop should be able to pair with it too. if your windows os can pair with it but skype can't it might be a problem with skype recognising bluetooth headsets as audio devices.
@patrick, that might be because vigo is still slightly out of place, so for example it could be looking at your lower eyelids rather than your upper eyelid. if you are using vigo via the ios app, try tapping the ">" button on the "today" bar to see a real-time stream of your blinks. you can see the inner workings of vigo in this way to determine the best position at which it picks up your blinks, and thus give you more accurate results.
got my vigo, thanks vigo team for the persistence. i don't think it's working as expected. either it cant detect my blinks or not doing it well. for vigo device i am always tired even i am fully active. thinking of using it as a bluetooth device. can some one tell me whether this device work well with windows 10 desktop? i paired vigo with my laptop but not recognizing it when i configure it in skype. i assume it's not considering as an audio device.
i got my vigo in switzerland. first of all, vigo looks great! making calls with vigo is a pure pleasure! listen to music works also perfect. when using vigo with the app, i have to calibrate a lot of times until it shows any a score on the app. but unfortunately the score does not has to do anything with the amount of blinkins or how wide my eyes are open. even if i close my eyes it sometimes gives a high score. tried so many different position of vigo but no satisfied result. any helpfull tips?
@jaime, unfortunately that's a limitation with ios, which doesn't allow apps to run in the background. android is more flexible and the app can run in the background.
i can't seem to get the app to recognize my blinks once my iphone goes to sleep. must i keep my iphone wake the whole time i am wearing vigo?
@hannes, great to hear it's arrived in austria, keep us updated on how it goes!
@jacob, thanks for the tip! are you can see from the two comments below, for some people it's long and the neck needs to be bent more, while for others it's too short so the neck needs to be straightened. it's definitely hard to get a one-size-fits-all design when you're dealing with faces. we've been thinking about releasing a longer size in the future too. providing extra ear gels are fine; they only cost a few cents and allow different people to share the same device if they have different ear sizes.
@ashley, we've always been able to get vigo to work on guys in our testing but for some girls with small faces the device might be too long. try arching the neck so that the sensor tip sits just inside your lenses; it should be quite stable there. if you're wearing glasses the sensor has to be on the inside of the lens rather than the outside to work, as the lens of glasses will reflect off the infrared.
@lennard, sorry to hear that vigo doesn't work out for you. kickstarter doesn't support refunds - the amount you pledged already went in to create the reward for you. see if you can adjust the neck so that rather than having the sensor come up to below your eye, which doesn't seem to work for your face, have it stretch to the side so that the tip of the sensor is parallel to the side of your face. vigo should be able to pick up blinks from the side of your face just as a person standing next to you would be able to tell if you're blinking.
just got mine in austria. no import taxes to pay. currently charging, will try it out later.
i want a refund.  this is way too short. and no, straightening out the neck does not work.  poor design.  depth should have been taken into consideration.  i cant believe i waited this long and had so much excitement only to be disappointed by this epic failure.  i want a refund.
the side detection of blinks seems to be spotty.  i'm going to keep fiddling with the device, but it doesn't seem to want to work for me.  the calibration says i'm wearing the device properly when i'm not, and it would need to be a little bit longer for it to be in a good position for me.  hopefully you are able to make a few different sizes in the future, because not everyone has the same size face nor ear position and the ability to find the best fit would go far.  you could also cut back on expenses by limiting the number of gels you send out if you knew the height of the buyer's ear as an example.  someone with a taller ear is not going to wear the smallest gels.
this thing is too big for my face. i'd either have it  close to my eyes inside my glasses which looks ridiculous but sometimes work; or it's outside my glasses not detecting any blinks and keep asking if i'm tired. the ear tips or gel or whatever it's called and the arm thing are the most uncomfortable thing i ever put in my ears especially with my glasses. its so difficult to even put it in let alone trying to fit it right. the bending not bending of the neck doesn't help neither. i thought it would work with glasses but i guess not; and it's definitely not fit for someone who has small face and ears like me. too bad i probably shouldn't have high hopes for stuff from kickstarter.
received mine last week. it is pretty accurate. vigo always reminds me to take another shot of caffeine
@rob, that's awesome you got it to work! like you said, it takes a bit of playing around - you can't just throw it on and have it start to work, because everyone has such different facial structures. the ios trick where you click on "tomorrow" on the "today" bar will give you a graph to see the real-time blinks, which should help with positioning.
@davor, if vigo doesn't seem long enough for you, try straightening the neck out so that the sensor peers out from the side rather than from the corner of your eye. there will be a position where vigo can see your eyes just as someone standing beside you will be able to see if you are blinking from the side.
@marsha, the customised versions of vigo just shipped out over the weekend, you'll get an email soon with the tracking number!
@michael, it takes a bit of fiddling with the bendy neck to get it to work in the right place. we've taken measurements of a population of people in the design and it should fit most people. once you get the angle right it will give you the right alertness level.
it doesn't detect blinks. it should be maybe 1 cm longer for my head. and if it was don't know how stable would that be. i belive that sensor should be different but the budget was too low. well it's a start up. next design will be better.
@jason, will i get a shipment notice with tracking info when my vigo ships? i'm just double checking. i can't wait for it to arrive! ;-) :-d
also i found that on the ios app if you touch the bar that reads "today", you get a helpful bit of data.  t shows a scrolling graph of your blinks!  the better the blinks the better it works.
so here is what i have figured out so far.  placement is everything.  i have the best response by putting the sensor a bit low on my eye and twisting the arm a bit so the sensor is looking up at my eye.  use the flashing light to observe  where the sensor is looking.  when you get it right is works pretty well.   i would keep in mind that this is not a throw it on and it works product.  you will need to be a part of the process.  nobody has been harder on the vigo team than i.  overall it's pretty cool, just needs some tweaking time to get it set.
i'm having the same issues. it doesn't seem to fit my face and always thinks i'm asleep, even when i'm physically holding the device in the perfect angles to catch my eye. very disappointing and probably going straight into the trash...
@jacob, that's an ingenious way to figure out where vigo is looking at! definitely having vigo point at the white of your eye would be the ideal position. if vigo is not long enough and only points at the corner of your eye, try straightening out the neck to the point where vigo actually sticks away from your eye rather than curve toward it, so that the sensor is parallel to the leg of your glasses and looking at your eyes from the side. it should be able to pick up blinks from the side just as a person looking at you from the side would see your eyes.
by not placing vigo in my ear but holding it in my hand, i was able to get the meter to stay in the green after calibration.  here's the problem that this created; vigo couldn't reach my ear because the neck was to short.  i went into a darkened room with a mirror so i could see where the led light hits my face with vigo in my ear, and with the neck straightened.  the light is able to reach the corner of my eye but is not able to reach past that area.  when i held vigo in my hand, it rested against the inside of the lens of my glasses, the light hit the white and isis of my eye, and worked.  unfortunately, the closest to this point that the light can reach with vigo in my ear, is the corner of my eye.  even with the neck of vigo straightened out, the light reaches the corner of my eye which results in a constant alarm at the lowest sensitivity.  this would be a great product if i was able to properly wear it.  the neck is just to short for me, and may be a part of the problem that others are facing.
@jenn, it may be that you have long eyelashes; try adjusting the neck of vigo so that the sensor is further away from your eyelashes but can still pick up your blinks. if the device is too long try bending the neck so that there is a greater curvature which shortens the distance. vigo should work fine with glasses if you put on vigo first, then your glasses, and rest the tip of the sensor against the inside lens of your glasses.
@seren, the app can be downloaded by searching for vigo on the app store or accessing wearvigo.com/download on your phone. the blinking only occurs when you don't have it connected to the app. please see our upcoming update which will have more details.
@bob, thanks for letting us know. we'll check with our app team on why there are issues with the s4. in the meantime, if it works on your s3 please let us know.
@ashley, vigo needs to stay in place and see your blinks correctly in order to give you an accurate reading; if it's pointing in the wrong direction it may think you're drowsy when you're not. try playing around with adjusting the neck to reposition the sensor; it takes a bit of practice to get it in the right spot.
@sk, the neck of vigo is adjustable; we have a metal wire inside that you can bend to fit the curvature of your face and it should stay in place, much like 4iiii which we also looked at when we designed the neck. the sensor needs to stay in place and pick up your blinks correctly to give you the right readings.
@brandon, where exactly are you getting stuck on? once you pair the device and enter the next screen, when the app searches for your vigo and finds it, pressing the main button on vigo should take you to the next screen. that's when the device is connected to the phone.
@klas, if you passed the calibrate step that means you had vigo in the right place and it was picking up your blinks. try getting the sensor back into that position; the sensor is very sensitive and it takes a bit of practice. it shouldn't be too close to your eye or it won't see your full blink; about 1-2cm would be the perfect distance.
correction, by holding it very close to my eye it passed the calibrate step but after that it just keeps says, recalibrate vigo even if i hold it back vert close to my eye.
i received the vigo today. using a xperia z3 android device. i get it to pair but not sure it actually connects. the app says press the button to get into the zone and then it will try to detect blinks which never happens however close it is to my eye so can not get past that step.
my vigo pairs, but then doesn't connect with my nexus 5x.
i think the arm is too short for my face. i was though it was a flexible material like sportiiii  (4iiii.com, own it and have no problem adjusting the arm). yeah, current vigo is uncomfortable. and think because it does not fit my face, keep asking to recalibrate, always say i'm tired or sleeping even at the lowest sensitivity (hey i'm 120% wake up). very annoying. after loooong waiting (guess you have the time to improve), but this is indeed disappointing.
so i got it to paired with my iphone, but every time i exit the app, it asks me to recalibrate again. and once recalibrate, it keeps asking are you tired, are you sleeping, and it won't stop. but i'm confused as to if i can response to the question. it's really uncomfortable to wear also.
well, when i got the account created, it force closed then. since that point, it closes immediately on attempting to launch. i'm using a samsung galaxy s4. i have an s3 at home i can try later. the information i've been able to find ( https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/mailchimp-api-discuss/3po1cdgmqja ) indicates that mailchimp will work fine with email sub-addressing as long as it's encoded properly, although that's referring to the api. the crack about exchange was because i consider it ridiculous that microsoft still ignores the sub-addressing part of the email spec, but then, they certainly aren't the only ones. anyhow, the rejection of a perfectly valid email is a relatively minor concern.
update: it's paired but still flashing in my eye! argh. and it's so sensitive to set up the blinking,  it moves a millimetre and stops sensing blinks, it's impossible. i have to put it in a position where my eyelashes are constantly catching.  i'll end up with mascara all the way down my face by the end of the day and mangled eyelashes :( i've worn it for two minutes and my eye has gone weird from lights constantly flashing at it. i hate it. :(  another kickstarter for the bin.
update, i fiddled with it and managed to get a more comfortable fit.  i just realised the blinking stops when it's connected to my phone.  so thats a relief.  so where is the app?
arrived today, think it might be a waste of money.  it's really uncomfortable to put on, i don't think it fits my ears properly, maybe it was designed for man sized ears :(.  the led is constantly blinking in my eye it's extremely annoying. i can see no instructions for how to find the app on the play store, there's no link and i can't find it by searching.  so currently it's useless.
played with this thing for 30 minutes and the only time i could get it to detect my blinking was if i positioned it so close to my eye that my eyelashes were brushing it. never got it to work with my glasses on. just realized that there is a possibility that the device is too long and will never fit my face. so disappointed that i waited so long for this and it doesn't work :-(
@jacob, thanks for sharing the advice! we haven't received your bug feedback email yet; did you send it to info@wearvigo.com? the blink detection is highly sensitive and takes a bit of practice getting it in the right place. we'll post a video soon to teach how to do it correctly.
@george, sorry about the mixup; we weren't clear in the pledge reward description about including an etched name and so we didn't print a customised version for you. we'll send you an email separately to see what can be done.
@bob, which page are you getting forced crashes on, and what make and model of phone are you using? email addresses with a "+" sign can be problematic sometimes; when we used mailchimp to send tracking numbers to everyone mailchimp refused to send to email addresses with the "+" sign.
@michael, what phone are you using, is it an android or ios, and which page are you crashing on? regarding glasses, as @jacob mentioned, vigo should work fine with glasses as long as they don't block the side of your eyes. try putting vigo on first before putting your glasses on. the sensor tip should stay on the inside of your lens and it will be very stable there.
@ryan, what email are you trying to use? it should be able to take any email address. the log in with facebook and linkedin is still work in progress and doesn't work yet - we'll remove that in the next app update until it's done.
i don't know why my phone changed jason's name to ryan.  even established stuff has bugs. :(
correction, i emailed jason about.  i don't know why my phone put the name ryan in.  yay for rushing. :(
@michael blackwell, i wear glasses and found that if i put vigo on first, then my glasses, i can position it inside the lens and it stays in place.  the app has some bugs for the iphone too, which i emailed ryan about.  there seems to be a problem with the calibration and blink detection.  the blue tooth features such as listening to music and phone calls works.
i've received my vigo today, only to find out it was one of the regular vigo models, and not one with my name etched in. besides that, having paid for the sdk reward, i wanted to know the status on how that was coming along and when we can hear more about that.
i'm also getting force closes on the android app. i did get it to say it had created my account, after the button for signing in with linkedin seemed to be doing nothing (and fortunately, so far i don't have a facebook account), but i would still need to change the email address associated with my account; the current version thought an address with a + in it was invalid, for some odd reason. sabotage by the microsoft exchange team, i assume. :)
the app doesn't work, like ryan it just keeps stopping. and it can't be worn with glasses. part of the course paying to be an alpha tester i suppose.
i can't seem to create a new user on the android app. it won't take any e-mail address i use and when i try to log in on facebook it says the app stopped working and boots me.
thank you for fixing that link.  i'm now "wearing vigo like a champ."
@jason, thanks for the reply. no worries on your end.  it's not the first time usps hasn't taken the most direct route. had a package sent to alaska before it finally made its way to missouri...haha
@brandon, sorry to hear that. we did give them your indiana address. maybe they don't have a direct route from ny to indiana and have to route through florida.
my vigo went from ny to florida...i live in indiana.  i do not like usps :(
@khoa, if you press the main button on vigo for 5-8 seconds it'll enter pairing mode. the earpiece will say "pairing" and you can see a flashing red and blue light on the sensor tip. you may then go to your phone settings and tap on bluetooth to pair up. newer phones now shouldn't be asking for a pairing code, but if yours does try 0000.
@jacob, we just fixed the link, you can give it another try! you can also find the vigo app on the ios app store or android play store
i just got my vigo in the mail, and when i scan the qr code, it takes me to uniq.cd and there is nothing to download.  it is asking me to create a new qr code.  this is on an iphone 6 if that makes a difference.  the bluetooth works for music and phone calls, but how am i supposed to set up vigo to alert me if i get drowsy and/or set it up to make sure it can see my blinks?  thank you for the help.
sooooo...i just got mine and cant still figure out how to pair bluetooth...its asking me for a pair number which doesn't make sense whatsoever
thanks, it's going to be great fun!!!
@rob, the iphone app is under review and should be up in 2-3 days
@peter,  please email us your address info@wearvigo.com
is the iphone app out yet, can't locate it? thanks.
where do i tell you what me new address is? i have looked and looked and looked!
@jacob, we're producing a total of 1800 units in our first production batch, for kickstarter and website pre-orders. we'll be assembling and testing them out in batches of 200, and will be sending them out in waves. we'll be shipping vigo's for us backers in bulk to the us first before distributing, while backers from other countries will have their vigo's individually sent from our factory in china, so they might receive theirs slightly faster.
@karil, thanks karil!
i saw in your update an expected shipping for november of this year.  with the mass of units bought by backers, investors, and through your website which is still taking orders, how many units are you expecting to produce per production run?  it isn't unusual for popular projects to be forced to do shipments in waves based on geographic locations due to shipping being discounted often times when a large volume is going to the same area.  there may be delays in shipping, but it is always nice to know the predictions when planning ahead for the holidays.
hi jason,  i hope all is going well at vigo. i'm looking forward to hearing about the latest developments. please don't hesitate to call on me if i can give you any further feedback - i'd be glad to do it.
@michael, we'll have a new update in the coming days - stay tuned.
any update?
@josh, thanks for the support! we are getting a new batch of cases printed; the first batch turned out to be too small for vigo. we'll post pictures when it's finalized!
@rob & bj: the challenges we are facing are specific to vigo - a google search doesn't help; we are working with a factory with 10 years of experience producing tens of millions of headsets, yet even then many new challenges come up that take time to solve. the experienced engineers at the factory and we at vigo are making our best efforts to overcome the challenges and deliver a quality product to your hands; we appreciate the patience!
@nick, we've had backers visit our office to test the device during our beta testing program, as shown in a previous kickstarter update. we're smoothing out the kinks before we ship to all backers.
i don't know, all of these latest "challenges" are easy to solve with a magic invention called google.  your not the first person in history to make something out of white plastic.   screen printing curved surfaces is also done everyday.   does it even work??
great update! would you be able to provide a picture of what the case for vigo will look like as well? i am very excited since by your estimates i will have my vigo just before peak season starts where i work! i will be able to keep myself alive during 70+ hour work weeks :d
december! february! may! august! how about "we really don't know... just keep your fingers crossed"?
has anyone got the product yet does it exist our is it just a dream project
wonderful stuff being made! good luck!
@jacob, it's just an extra textbox that had to come with the line of text; please ignore it and put any placeholder text so that you can submit the survey.
i just got a new survey and there is a required field following "in case you've moved since our kickstarter campaign, please fill in below shipping details with your address for the coming three months."  the required field is just above the place to enter our shipping information and appears to be an extra line.  what are you wanting in that spot?
@don, that's right don - that's the research lab at wichita state university we're working with to improve vigo's algorithm as mentioned in our updates!
http://phys.org/news/2015-07-device-driver-drowsiness-roads-safer.html…
@jacob, thanks for the email; we have received your email this time and will answer the questions you had via email.  - the vigo team
@jason gui, would you like me to go back through every update where you have presented a due date and then the actual date that events or updates occurred?  there is no denying you haven't met the goals within the time frames you have posted.  i have stated i suspect scam behavior because of this, but have not stated you are a scam.  i also have not made repeated claims over the past months, as my last post in this comments thread was september of 2014 where i replied to someone whom thought this product would be shipping in november of that year.  i will attempt to contact you again, using the email address you have provided.  i can provide copies of the repeated messages i have sent as well, since you do not seem to have received them.
@joshua, thanks for speaking up for us and for understanding all the hoops and hurdles we have been going through in building hardware! hardware is hard and we have been making sure we post updates whenever we can to keep everyone in the loop. we'd like to thank you and the 600+ backers for the continued support and encouragement as we work towards delivering a quality product to you.
@jacob, sorry to hear that you distrust us and have to make repeated comments calling us a scam over the past months. however we do ask that you please refrain from making untruthful accusations that we haven't replied to emails and messages, as we have never received any emails from you. if the pictures and videos in our kickstarter updates are not enough to show you how vigo is being built and tested as we type, we sincerely welcome you to our office in san francisco or our factory in shenzhen, china to see for yourself and try out vigo, as other backers who joined our beta test program have done so. our email is info@wearvigo.com in case you want to be in touch. thanks.
@karil, the projected shipping date is in august as mentioned in our most recent update. thanks again for being a beta tester at our office last week!
joshua, i wouldn't be irate if the deadlines that they set themselves were close to accurate.  at this point, i'm questioning if there really is a product that they are developing or if it is just a bunch of wheels spinning in place.  i have been involved with several tech products that did and did not make it to market, but every time there was open dialogue and deadlines.  in this project's case, the developer is setting deadlines and has not once met them.  to me, this is shady at best.  emails and messages have gone unanswered, and yet we see the response to do just that if we no longer have faith in the project and want a refund.  if they wish to keep investor trust, they need to start demonstrating some cause to trust them.
jacob i can see your getting anxious about receiving your vigo. however keep in mind that they are busy with traveling, testing, and insuring that the product funded to be produced is made before the lesser priorities like a shirt or dinner with them. they have kept updates rolling and have made redesigns to the product many times as well as the software that works with vigo. i can see that you have not backed many projects on kickstarter and i would like to convey that many of these products have setbacks and plan changes. as an example i backed the duo coffee steeper. after several redesigns and tooling even when they finally have the product here in the us, customs selected their container to be screened and we are still waiting for a product that had an original estimated date of june 2014. we fund projects here to support the community not to buy things, this is why they are called "rewards". be patient, i assure you that they are not trying to pull any kind of fast move on us they are only working hard to produce a quality product that will be enjoyed and made well.
it was posted about 14 days ago that beta testing was beginning.  there have been other prizes that could be awarded prior to now, such as the shirts, dinner with the founders, and one person even paid to meet the entire team.  however, we have not seen anything regarding those products being delivered.  the surveys were sent out back in april 2014, well over a full year ago.  how about sending out stuff like the shirts until we can get our vigo, or do you have no actual intention of delivering a single thing you have promised?
mai 2014... now mai 2015 i need my vigo or send my money back thanks.
hi again jason,  your last notice said that you would be shipping the vigo devices in late may. we are now in mid-june and no vigo has appeared in the mail.  while i fully understand that there are multiple reasons for the various delays, i do think you should provide us, your backers, with the courtesy of an updated and more realistic shipping estimate time. thank you.
hi anita, we made it very clear in our kickstarter campaign that we went to china specially to join the hardware accelerator hax (hax.vc) to get vigo manufactured. i'm sorry if that wasn't communicated clearly enough to you. if you want a refund please send us a message and we can see what we can do.
it's been over a year since this started.. have i already been charged for my felix order of this item?  never got a tee shirt even.      i'm disappointed they went overseas to get this item made.  wanted usa-made only!!  i'd like my money back!
it's almost late may. how's that ship date looking?
from your updates, it seems to be that the scheduled shipping date would be late may. is that right at this time? of course i understand that there may be some delay caused by a variety of problems, but when is your estimated delivery date now?
hi ronnie, thanks for asking; we've been continuously posting updates about our production progress and delivery estimates on our updates page, you can read them here: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/jasongui/meet-vigo-the-very-first-energy-gauge-for-you/updates.
hey there - just trying to catch up ... how is everything going ... has production started ? any new estimated date for delivery?
@george, thanks for the patience! the sdk will be out later in the year once we complete the app.
i know it's been a rough wait, but i'm still really looking forward to this. any word on getting the sdk out? and thank you for the detailed updates. i wish you the best for the work you've done and what still remains - almost there ! :d
@satoki, please send your address to info@wearvigo.com and we can check or update it!
hi, i'd like to check if my shipping address is right. how can i do that?
status
@tomoharu, please email your new address to info@wearvigo.com and we will update it in our system. we'll be confirming everyone's address before we ship in may.
@jason: please message us via kickstarter or email us at info@wearvigo.com regarding refund requests; we'll process on a case by case basis.
i would like a refund
hi! i'd like to update my shipping address. i'll move the residence. how can i update my shipping information?
@michael, as we mentioned in our most recent update, vigo is scheduled to be ready to ship in late may (https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/jasongui/meet-vigo-the-very-first-energy-gauge-for-you/posts). things are on track so far. the factories are off for chinese new year until early march; we will keep you updated on the progress!
so are you guys ready to ship out soon? like are you still on track?
thanks for the update and much needed information!
@ronald, our video shows the prototype that we developed, but to go from a prototype into a mass produced consumer product takes a lot of effort. there are verification tests to ensure the product works reliably under different environmental circumstances such as temperature and water, checking with factory equipment and tweaking designs to make sure the hardware is manufacturable, and making sure everything from power management to static electricity prevention to electromagnetic emissions meet guidelines. we have details in our most recent update with pictures and screenshots of vigo's progress in these areas.
also, it would be wise to do true formal actual update, images, and any other information that we the backers deserve
i'm sorry if this isn't silly/stupid question but from your video ... it seemed and looked like you already have/had the device/product crested... may you specify the development your working on??
@kirill, our software is still under development as most of the work thus far has been focussed on the hardware. details about the algorithm was discussed in update #6; we're constantly collecting more data with our improved hardware to train our machine learning algorithm and bring up its accuracy level.
hi, jason! have you successfully developed a tracking algorithm? how reliable is it now and? could you tell us about current software status?
@christopher, expected for february - we'll have a new update out this week to explain why!
still on track for december?
@marsha, thanks for the understanding! we're doing our best to get better at keeping our backers updated and we appreciate the continued support you and other backers have given us as we work towards delivering vigo!
@mansur, we have our pcbs finalised and mechanical design is under way. we'll be sending out photos in our next update!
@karil, we've just sent out a new update - our revised ship date that our factory gave us is december.
@russell, you're spot on about the challenges we face as have other sleep researchers and related companies - they're not easy to solve! we launched the product once we had tackled the main problems with mounting and ambient ir, but getting the algorithm to perfection takes effort. we believe we have found the best combination of structural design, infrared technology and statistical algorithm method, and hope that every backer will be pleased with what they receive!
@andy, please see the message sent to your kickstarter inbox for details on your refund request. thanks for the support.
have send a couple of emails to jason  asking for a refund due to personal reasons but did not get a response. wonder why?
i know it's tough work but a one line post that your still plugging away takes less than a minute. saying nothing for this long is disrespectful and will come back to haunt you in the future.  you had asked my company to make a very large pledge to the project and i hesitated because i knew your teams lack of management experience might end up just as it has.  it is just as important to control image as it is quality.......
hi jason,  just a couple of quick sentences describing the state of things now, would be very much appreciated by your ks backers.  what's your revised estimate of when we can expect to receive the unit???
russell, i know you cannot speak on behalf of the campaign team, but your comments might put everything in perspective for some backers who may not be familiar with what it takes to build a device like this. vigo might sound and appear relatively simplistic to most people, but there's far more than meets the eye (no pun intended). vigo's small team is very smart and capable, but they are also handling other jobs beyond their expertise that might easily requires at least 30 people. under these circumstances, writing ks updates would be a lot to ask for. i'm not trying to excuse them -- after all, without our money, they would have had to seek funding elsewhere, and the least they can do is fill us in now and again. however, i am merely trying to put the entire situation in perspective for others who may be starting to doubt the vigo team. i have spoken to jason a number of times (though lately i've been leaving him to his work). he is very passionate about sleep deprivation and  is fully dedicated to this project. he's a really nice guy who wants vigo to be a stellar, life-saving and life-improving device. put yourself in their shoes, and hear what russell has said below -- the vigo team is tackling something that has been impossible for experts with deep-pocketed budgets, and aside from this, jason said, "we're a small team of 3 and there are many things we have to juggle after a kickstarter campaign: electronics, software, firmware, industrial design, mechanical design, prototyping, molding, sourcing, manufacturing, quality testing, distribution, marketing, sales, hiring, funding, accounting and legal, and as engineers we struggle to be good at everything." that's quite a bit of work to handle! and we all knew from the campaign's get-go that vigo is comprised of 3 people and the amount of work that would need to be accomplished in order to get to the production phase . . . it's not like they pretended they had a huge team or falsely advertised that they were about ready to go into production. from my perspective, i had a feeling going in that this campaign may not meet deadlines or may not be able to update regularly . . . but i backed because i still had confidence in jason's team to not only get the job done, but to do it well, even if delays would be needed or silence would occur. i'd sure love to hear how everything is going, don't get me wrong -- but if it's a choice of working on vigo or writing an update, i'd much rather them get work done first and update me last. :-) i know, it's frustrating because we all want our vigo . . . but don't give up on jason . . . think back to the campaign when he gave us all the attention, replied to our inquiries immediately, etc. he won't let us down.
mansur, according to the updates, they are still finding problems.  they were not close to ready for public release when the project was released on kickstarter.  the latest update states a "new expected ship date is now end of november."  if previous lack of ability to meet the deadlines (even for updates) that they self proclaim is any indication, i would not plan on getting vigo until next year.  if they prove me wrong, i would be delighted.  however, history does speak for itself.
what is the latest status on the development? has the hardware been finalized and production ready?
if what russell said is true, i think we are in for a longgg delay. hopefully not!
hi jason i am actually a sleep researcher in australia. i have worked with perclos and optalert systems, both based on similar technology. i actually backed this because i was curious to see what you had come up with. i was particularly interested in how you were getting the irs to work without mounting them in glasses or with a cap/hat and your software algorithms. if you are having a problem with reliable mounting i also suspect you will also discover problems with ambient ir if you test outside/in a car.  to put your challenge in perspective for your backers, you are trying to overcome problems that some of the best scientists in the usa and australia have been  investigating for years (with budgets 10-fold yours!). it will quite an achievement for a little team of three on $57k! i think that getting the hardware right is the key here. software algorithms can always be updated and distributed. i'm sure backers would be willing to accept tan alpha or beta release in good spirit and actually provide a lot of support and data. good luck!
as scide said, small updates are appreciated.  the other aspect that is clearly starting to annoy some folks is a lack of truth.  when you say that an update is coming soon, and then we don't see anything for about a month (and the clock is still ticking), then how are the investors to know that you're capable of keeping any promises?  release what you have, and then release the rest when you have it.
thanks for the update we really appreciate that,  please don't keep us in the dark
hey jason, great to hear from you, hope the project's progress is doing well... ;) even if you're only a really small team, here's an advice for the future: everyone here will understand if your working hard to realize this product, but you have to tell us. most of your backers will stay way more patient if you update us regularly on the project status. take your time if there are some problems, but tell us about them! the updates don't have to be super long in case they come regularly. thanks! and come out with your 'missing' update soon... :)
@marsha, thanks for the supportive comments! we've been following spark for a while and have actually spoken with them too. we love the fact that there are other teams focused on tackling the same problem as we are - the problem of unintentional drowsiness, and the risks that it can cause due to drowsy driving or lost productivity at work. we believe in our solution because we are using one of the most accurate indicators of drowsiness - the eyes - as the main component of what we track. we do respect spark's work though and are really impressed by the fact that they are a team of high school students launching their own kickstarter campaign for a product they built themselves. we'd love to work with these talented students one day too as we're all fighting towards the same goals!
@don, thanks for the understanding - you're definitely right about that! we're a small team of 3 and there are many things we have to juggle after a kickstarter campaign: electronics, software, firmware, industrial design, mechanical design, prototyping, molding, sourcing, manufacturing, quality testing, distribution, marketing, sales, hiring, funding, accounting and legal, and as engineers we struggle to be good at everything. we recognize our shortcomings and will try our best to communicate more with our wonderful kickstarter community! thanks for the continued support :)
we are working on a new update and will be pushing it out soon - it's halfway written, just need to confirm a few factual details before we send it out. please bear with us! thanks, the vigo team
time to file a complaint with the attorney generals office of consumer protection regarding this project as as well plus a complaint with ks i'm also contacting my cc company
what the hell is going on with the updates!!!!!!!!!  it's been like 2 months
i'm done with this project, going to forget i ever backed this.. you already have my address, so if you ever decide to deliver.
is there any news? almost 2 months since last update...
jason can we get an update regarding the status of the project. you need to keep us backers in the loop. thanks.
guys, you promised 18 days ago to come up with an other update?! can't be that hard to write some lines...
"soon"
i agree with jacob and don.. and to think that this project was what got me to signup on kickstarter.
in my own experience with lots of kickstarter projects such communication cutoff upon funding is completely normal and while certainly a red flag it doesn't necessarily mean anything.  it can be simply that the completion, production and delivery effort is too demanding for a small staff and at $57,365 funding this one most likely has a really small staff. otoh, projects that remain in conscientious communication with backers in the comments almost always deliver as promised or with good enough reasons for delays.
when this project was trying to get funding, there were updates and replies.  now that it has been funded, the replies and updates are becoming less substantial every time.  comments that state "we're working on things" hold no water when there is nothing to show that anything has changed.  i have never seen a kickstarter campaign that raised the money requested, was extremely active with replies before funding was reached, and then went as silent as you have with lack of anything to demonstrate progress is being made towards accomplishment and delivery of the promised product.  there was dinner with the developers ($1,000) with two buyers.  how about some pictures from that?  what about the person that backed for $5000?  if they consent, how about showing us you are actually doing what was promised and not just stringing us along?  as things stand, each day that passes without something concrete manifesting makes me think this has become a giant scam abusing all the kickstarter backers.  there have been talks with leaders in your industry, there have been production runs according to several news agencies as you prepare to sell the product publicly, but us backers are increasingly being left in the dark.  what happened to that update which was promised 9 days ago? at this point, i don't know about others but i am starting to seriously consider asking for a refund due to your failure to deliver anything that demonstrates our investments and expectations were accepted in good faith.
how's that update coming?  it seems like you kinda went silent. even a short update every other week or so would calm many peoples worries of being forgotten
@jason it looks like vigo has some competition on ks: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/blancinc/spark-the-watch-that-keeps-you-awake persosnally, a watch like this would worry me. i believe spark has a huge potential for false-positives where the device thinks a person fell asleep when they haven't or vice versa. first off, what happens if a person's wrist isn't facing the person's head and its cameras can't properly detect the head's position? what if the cameras accidentally pick up a non-moving shape similar to a head (ie: a round watermelon) when a person is shopping for fruit? moreover, this company is making a bad presumption that most people nod off with their head falling forward and/or by not moving. however, assuming a person is simply sitting still in a chair, there are many people whose heads fall backwards, or even stay entirely erect as though they were awake. the accelerometers won't help much being on the wrist either as some people's hands/arms may still keep moving when they've fallen asleep. and then the possibility for false-positives can increase depending on a person's activities, such as if a person may be driving or doing repetitive machine-work in a factory. vigo definitely does it better. aside from its motion sensors, i believe the cameras constantly analyzing blinking patterns are what would prevent those false-positives from occurring. when people are suddenly falling asleep, there are scientifically known patterns of how people's eyes react. plus, vigo can learn each person's own blinking patterns each time they suddenly doze. and no matter what a person may have been doing as they dozed off, it's unlikely to misinterpret the blink patterns. coupled with the accelerometers, the blink patterns become a powerhouse for knowing whether a person is out cold. the method spark uses to wake a person is also problematic. it simply vibrates a person's wrist. if someone is really that tired, chances are that vibration alone won't wake the person, even if it's intense . . . and those chances decrease on one's wrist because people may be desensitized from other items we own that do the same thing (ie: phones, gaming devices, etc.), and they may ignore or not notice the vibrating. vigo, again has a better chance of waking sleeping beauty. it's much more jarring to be "buzzed" and feel the stimulus in an unexpected spot, like on our head where vigo is worn. plus, vigo also has the light and sound stimuli that can also be tailored to truly jog the person from a sudden deep sleep. why am i bringing this all up? well, i thought you'd be interested to know that you have some competition in case you'd like to create a media blitz. but it also shows that just because a device may seem helpful on the surface, it might not do the job in reality. it shows how much r&d your company did to ensure that vigo would do everything possible to properly sense a person falling asleep and then wake them up. this other company clearly didn't consider the possibilities fully, and it worries me because consumers may buy it thinking that spark is reliable. when you're talking about a device that is meant to keep people safe from falling asleep during potentially dangerous situations, consumers are trusting that it'll work. not all consumers think about whether a product can potentially live up to its claims before they fork over money. and so, aside from the fact that vigo is undoubtedly superior to spark, it brings up an interesting discussion about a company's duty to the consumer when researching and developing a product like this, consumers doing their own research, etc. spark's price point is quite a bit lower than vigo's . . . but honestly, i'd rather pay more and know i can trust that vigo will work. plus, we all know that vigo's app and api has the potential to open many other possibilities beyond its intended function. many of us have contributed ideas for those things. spark couldn't perform beyond its advertised function, which further limits it. i don't think that sparks' inventors have meant any malice here, of course. however, as i was reading and watching sparks' information and compared it to vigo's, the problems with spark just sort of hit me in the face! i don't know how they conducted their research and came to developing  spark as a watch of sorts, but i can only wonder whether they consulted with proper authorities in the field, what kind of research they conducted that led them to this design, etc. don't get me wrong . . . it's not in my nature to "dog"another kickstarter campaign, but where people's safety is concerned, spark has me worried! anyway. jason, i've just said a lot here . . . do with it as you wish! ;-p
yeah,  i don't like how silent it gets once a project is backed and funded.....  please stay in contact with us, keep us updated once you hear something, it's good to let us know instead of having to request information when really it should be passed on...
@scide & christopher, we have another update coming up, stay tuned!
any news?
any updates? it's been quiet lately...
@kiran, great idea! we actually will be aggregating the data for analytics and statistical tracking for our industrial applications in the transportation and logistics industry for fatigue monitoring.
jason;  in terms of industrial applications, is it possible to tie multiple units into one database to allow fatigue monitoring/ trending and analysis ?
@joshua, great question. vigo uses infrared sensing technology so lighting has no effect on vigo - the device picks up the infrared that is emitted by itself at a certain modulated frequency, which is different from other background light, so you should be able to use vigo in a dj setting with no problems!
if i were be djing for an all night event, would it be a problem to use vigo if lighting effects were present?
@kim, thanks for the question. vigo uses infrared sensing technology which is immune to visible light, so it can work regardless of what lighting condition it is operating under.
hi, not sure if someone asked this already, will vigo work in the dark, especially drivign at night? thanks.
@jacob, thanks for being a backer and completing the survey! as explained in our most recent backer update, we have been improving the design with our industrial design firm in san francisco to ensure maximum fit and comfort , and will be pushing the ship date back to end of august. this is to ensure that everyone who received their vigo will have a durable device that fits them comfortably. thanks for the continued support!
@robert, birla, we'll be sending out an update soon, stay tuned!
has anyone gotten their product yet?  i see that the estimated delivery is may, but the month is almost over.  we all hopefully completed the survey, but that still leaves us all in the dark about delivery.  if there is a problem with manufacture, what is it? thank you for any information that anyone may have.
any updates?
any updates guys? this was my first backing at ks and it's the most silent one..
@xvision: thanks for inquiring about branding. please reach out to us at info@wearvigo.com and we can discuss this matter further!
#jason for companies interested in developing applications for the sensor, is it possible to rebrand the headset with a custom logo (in quantity levels obviously) or alternatively to purchase of the sensor unbranded. kind regards..
@joshua, companion app for other devices will be possible, but not yet in this kickstarter release! we're focusing our efforts on the core functionality first; other possibilities could make nice internal side projects!
@dave & warren: we're sending out an update in the next few days, a lot has been going on here at vigo that we'd love to share, stay tuned!
jason would you consider making a companion app for pebble? that way we could get notifications on the smart watch.
+1 to @dave warren, is there any updates?
so what's the good word? any news/updates?
hi carter, thanks for the interest in the developers kit! kickstarter backers who pledged for the developers kit will receive priority access to the sdk, and other backers will gain access to it soon after. we are still working out the details of the api and will release details through updates when they become available - stay tuned!
in anticipation of receiving my vigo, i've come up with many ideas for apps that i can build to accompany it and cool things that i can do with it. the problem is that i realized the other day that i didn't pay for the developer's kit. at some point, i'd like to have my hands on the sdk and whatever else i need to start developing for vigo. should i wait until its release to find these resources, or can i get my hands on them sooner than that? whatever the case, although i'd love to monetarily support this cause further, my wallet would prefer to pay as little as necessary for access to these features.
thank you jason! can't wait to get it
thank you jason! can't wait to get it
@marsha - be on the lookout for a survey very soon. we have a lot of questions we'd like to ask our backers not only about development issues (like colours, engraving information, etc.) but also about potential markets and ideal use cases. we're hoping to get a survey out by this week - stay tuned.
@brandon, don, marsha, george, prakhar, ronald, and kim - thanks! we celebrated hitting our goal for about 12 hours, then got things moving in our sf office to start bringing vigo to life. we definitely have a lot of work to do, but couldn't be more excited. @kim - thanks for bringing this up. we've heard of plastic discoloration before due to light, oxygen, heat, etc. (particularly with white plastics) and we will certainly work with our manufacturers to explore the best way to prevent this. a number of the other start-ups we worked alongside in china have plastic products as well, so we will all be tackling this together.
@marsha , white plastic turns yellowish over time. read here - http://wiki.answers.com/q/why_does_old_white_plastic_turn_yellow i have bought a white item here in kickstarter that has turned yellow after couple months of use. so i'm concern if the same will happen if i choose a white vigo. cheers.
kim, why would it turn yellow?! maybe i've never seen that happen before, so please excuse my naive question, lol. ;-p jason, i'm wondering when we might expect our exit surveys and how you're sending them (ie: through ks, backerkit, etc.). every campaign does this differently -- some send it soon after the campaign is over, others wait until prior to shipping. it all depends on the information they need to collect from backers in order to continue development, for instance placing proper orders for materials (ie: if there are color choices), etc. it's entirely possible that you may not know yet -- but please let us know when you do! i don't want to miss it! one recent survey from another campaign that used backerkit went to my spam folder!
not sure if anyone asked this already, i would like to know will the white vigo turn yellowish after some time?
congrats!!
congrats, to jason and the vigo team!! you guys have been working hard, and i can't wait to watch vigo develop into a huge success!! jason, you have run a very successful campaign even with a small team. you've not only been working hard to develop vigo, but you've been pounding the pavement to show vigo at trade shows, you've been handling the media, and you've been personally speaking with backers openly and developing relationships/connections with those of us who may be able to shape vigo as its development gets underway. that's a lot of bases to cover, but you've done it well. now we get to watch vigo turn into an awesome product. (in addition to black and white, i still vote for the turquoise colored vigo in your photos, btw -- i've been dropping hints to you throughout the campaign, so i'm hoping! lol) @don, you did?! hahahaha!! ;-p yeah, an sdk is a huge undertaking for a new company. however, i know that vigo has hired some new staff and is still looking for people. if anyone can support an sdk, this team can. jason and his team have been very focused, after all! @prakhar, nice vigo emoticon!
@marsha: an sdk usually implies massive support and that certainly can be problematic for a new company.  here's hoping, though.  i can't tell you how bad i want a blink monitor.  oh, that's right, i did.  :-)
congratulations on a successful funding! looking forward to using vigo ¡-)  (that's my smile with a vigo)
thank you jason, happy to see the project was funded successfully in time! :d and i'm also glad to hear about the api support for mobile, just got my lg g2! :d can't wait to wear it!
we did it!! keep it going by telling people about vigo as much as possible in the next few days. in one campaign, a singer i'm backing just doubled her money in 24 hours. every single dollar is more money for vigo to be made better!! vigo should sell itself, but tell people about its selling point and why you decided to back it. :-d @don, i really do hope people will not only implement your idea, but many others. there are tons of apps that can be made with vigo's technology. i guess there's only so much jason's team can do on their own to perfect the app for vigo's the intended purpose, and maybe once they get a handle on that, they can move on to a second app. many companies unfortunately hesitate to provide an sdk, which is the worst decision these days imho. i recently backed another kickstarter gadget where the company was staunchly against it for now, and the backers could not fathom why. at worst, the company makes money from selling the sdk (unless it's free). at best, it drives people to buy the hardware. plus, if an outside developer comes up with an amazing idea and/or app, they can always offer to buy it and make it their own. in the 80's/90's/00's, sdk's generally wouldn't have made sense in the computer world . . . but the programming game has changed, and sharing ideas just makes sense for the benefit of all involved parties. so thanks to jason for realizing this! and someone make these apps!! so excited!! ;-p
congratulations!  very glad to see it go forward and hope it will be enough.
are we going to get any stretch goals? lol
phew!  we made it!
hi george, thanks for the interest in the developer's kit! the sdk will involve apis for you to use to develop additional functionality for vigo on the ios and android apps - from winking to take a picture to nodding your head to control a presentation slide, whatever you can think of or interested in building. it will either be in the form of a library you can use within your own apps, or functionalities you create will feature as "plugins" for the the main vigo app. we'll be providing more details once we finalize on how exactly the api will work!
@marsa: thanks for your detailed analysis.  i don't think that there is any controversy on whether or not blinking helps with dry eye nor that spending "too much" time at a monitor tends to inhibit blinking.  my ophthalmic surgeon didn't bother to question this when i consulted him regarding developing a device to do it several years ago.  he was very enthused and willing to invest to make it happen but i have been just too busy inventing something else to take the idea any further. seeing vigo stimulated that old thought and made me realize that the device capable of it will exist, hopefully very soon.  i'm told by jason that blinks are already sensed by the device so that all that's needed is software to apply a not too sophisticated algorithm to that data and provide a reminder stimulus when blink intervals get beyond a user defined threshold.  that just can't be a big deal.  i strongly urge someone with the time to investigate this as an add-on application if add-on's are going to be supported in a way that would permit it.  i would myself but... relative to the restrictions on medical devices, of which i am aware, i don't think that a device advertised to remind you to blink as an assist for dry eyes would come under scrutiny any more than a device that reminds you to stay awake as an assist for productivity and safety.  no real medical claims need be made in either case.  nor does my surgeon friend who is also an inventor in the health field.  of course we could be wrong about that but his opinion is based on experience. anyway, thanks for the conversation and i hope it gives someone else an incentive because i want one.  :-)  as for buying in on the basis of potential, i'm not quite that well heeled but if the app comes about i will jump all over a retail version to get it. oh, and i know i will use a glyph already.  i live in a cramped space with no room at all for a big screen and the idea of being able kick back in my one comfortable chair and view video as if i did and with probably higher quality is a no-brainer.  :-)
thanks team. i'm a captain for a  major airline and recently scared myself driving home after a redeye.  i do fine while flying, but the drive home can be really rough.   i'd love to help beta test if you are looking for testers. jim
nevermind, found it in the comments :)
just backed :) 2 questions: how long does one battery charge last? i could not find any info about that. and how is it charged? (charging time etc.) and does it work when using glasses?
hello jason, george shkan here. updated my pledge to the vigo developer kit recently. hope it reaches it's goal, i'll be watching closely :d would you be willing to elaborate on the dev kit yet.? language used, os? is it powered like a phone or by a battery?
don, thanks for writing back! here are my thoughts: no matter who develops an app for your intended purpose, whether the vigo company itself or an outside developer, i guess that there would need to be concrete medical evidence supporting your theory. first, you'd need a study that establishes whether blinking intervals, in fact, can determine whether someone is experiencing eye fatigue. assuming the first hypothesis is proven true, a second hypothesis would have to test the blinking intervals, such as "computer users whose eyes blink at a rate of __(number)__ per ___(interval of time)___ are more likely to suffer from eye fatigue than computer users whose eyes blink at a rate of __( +/- number [from 1st attribute])__ per ___(+/- interval of time [from 1st attribute])___." if there aren't already established, peer-reviewed studies testing both of these hypotheses, then a study would have to be done from scratch . . . and though it's not impossible, time and money must be invested. if both are proven true, then vigo company and/or an outside developer could confidently go ahead and produce an app that would enable this capability. then there's another issue: the medical aspect of your proposition. i'm not sure where you live, but because vigo is a u.s. company, it would need to obtain medical clearance from the food and drug administration (fda). it is the law that any product making medical claims must be reviewed and approved by the fda. this, too, takes a very long time because the fda has very rigid safety and health standards. there's also this to consider: i'm not sure whether having u.s. fda clearance is enough to sell a medical device internationally -- as far as i've seen, sometimes it's okay and other times it isn't, so maybe it depends on the product being sold. so it is possible that vigo need to go through an international medical device approval as well. as jason mentioned, many people have come forward with their ideas for vigo's features and future, which is wonderful! i have actually discussed some of my ideas with him at length. my ideas, like yours, have a medical basis and would have to go through a similar process as what i described above, including proving medical claims and obtaining fda clearance. however, some people have made suggestions for additional vigo features that are not medical in nature and could be integrated without too much trouble, whether in the main app or as separate additional apps. the only way that i can envision your idea being integrated relatively quickly is by a third-party developer who makes it clear that the stated purpose of gauging computer eye strain is "for entertainment purposes only." i'm not sure whether you have any programming abilities, but you could theoretically try to find a developer who would be willing to purchase the sdk/api from the vigo company. they could make an "entertainment" app that would fully function to determine eye strain, but without any proven science to back it, you (and those purchasing the app) would need to understand that it may not work as intended. ultimately, your idea is really awesome and would be useful to many people. however, for your idea to go from a "novelty" to a true medical diagnostic, it would need to undergo the lengthy, arduous process of scientifically proving your medical theory and getting fda/international clearances. and that's just the beginning because then vigo and/or other developers would need to apply the research into its hardware and software. so your idea is definitely viable, but i don't think the pledge "barrier" (or hump) is as widespread as you have suggested. most campaigns on kickstarter are brand new items from newly established companies, so backers and potential backers typically know that they may be backing an item that may not live up to their expectations . . . but people back with the hope of giving those companies a chance. they decide whether the potential rewards of success outweigh the risk of failure/disappointment/etc. there are two groups of backers in this vigo campaign: first, people have been backing vigo if they believe it would be useful to them in its current state as an energy gauge. the second group is backing vigo because they believe that there is potential for other capabilities in the future. your idea is really, really awesome -- but it's not a "rather simple functionality," as you have suggested. yes, on the surface, detecting eye fatigue is a simple idea . . . but it becomes more complex due to its medical nature. the vigo company wants its product to be of a stellar quality and standard. would you want to use a medical feature that was never properly studied? or that wasn't cleared as medically safe and effective by the fda? i surely wouldn't! vigo is merely taking responsible steps to ensure the implemented feature is safe and effective. it seems you are an an impasse about whether to back vigo, so i guess you need to decide whether the potential for such capabilities at some point in the distant future is reason enough for you to back vigo. think about everything i've said, and remember that jason has been actively taking note of everyone's feedback. he intends on looking into our suggested possibilities and the ability to implement them . . . of course, there's no way to promise that you'll get your suggested feature if you decide to back vigo unless you can find a third party developer who will be willing do it faster (either as a novelty or in the responsible fashion). i most definitely will use vigo as an energy gauge. but even if i didn't need one, i'd still back this device because i see its potential to help people with disabilities. even if my ideas never would become a reality, i'd know that jason did his best to make it happen. i'd know that i backed a responsible company with great potential to use its technology for other purposes. i'd be certain that i'm backing a company cares about following ethical standards, laws, etc., as well as its customers' ideas, safety, well-being, etc. and i'd surely know that i backed an energy gauge technology that would be useful for the majority of society. for me, that's plenty of reason . . . is it for you? i hope so! -- marsha p.s. remember: you don't have to purchase a vigo now if you can't use it as-is. but you can still back it and get another reward. or get the vigo and give it to someone as a gift. or get the sdk and give it to a developer with your idea. :-) p.p.s. i see you're backing glyph . . . if you don't think you can use it, i'll gladly take it off your hands! ;-p (i sure wish i could afford to back that!)
@marsha: 1) i don't think it necessary to actually monitor eye moisture.  it should be adequate to simply work based on time.  if blinking within some medically accepted rate doesn't do it then the problem probably isn't deferred blinking and could even be tear duct occlusion.  i'd pay to find out though and it certainly can't hurt. 2) i fully agree that my use is not within the original purposing of this but it's the only use i might have for it.  energy is just not a problem for me.  foggy corneas from being too dry due to spending a ridiculous amount of time at a monitor _is_ likely a problem and it can be a destructive problem.  for that i would spring.  i don't mean to demean it in any way at all for its original intended purpose, it just doesn't apply to me. i'm just suggesting that since there seems to be a pledge hump what should be rather simple added functionality could make the difference between go and no-go.  it might already be too late to get that information out there, however, even if jason was to see the light.  :-)
@marsha, thanks for contributing your thoughts. as you suggested, with our initial release of vigo we plan to keep to vigo's core functionality as an "energy gauge" that can pick up states of drowsiness and alert you when you're dozing off, and we will be concentrating our efforts on getting that to work robustly and reliably. we will gradually explore other options like the blink rate monitoring that don talked about and seeing how we can build other features into vigo's mobile app and overall user flow in a coherent way, without deviating from vigo's core functionality. our api and sdk will allow developers to build their own applications for vigo to extend the functionalities beyond what we create ourselves, so anyone is free to create other uses for vigo as they see fit.
@don, we genuinely appreciate the insight you and many others have sent us about new applications for vigo and promise to record and explore each and every one in the future. but at this point, adding every potentially great feature would dilute what vigo is right now and what we've promised to all our backers. we are focused and very excited about delivering on all the features we outline on our ks page. you're support would mean the world to us.
don, you have an interesting thought that could be useful to many people! i'd think the vigo device is probably technically able to monitor blink patterns, but i have two follow-up questions (that jason would have to answer): 1) how would vigo be able to tell the difference, soley on blinking patterns, that a person's eyes are dry as opposed to being tired? i'm not sure whether that's technically possible without another kind of diagnostic (ie: a camera that watches for red eyes in addition to the blink patterns, etc.). 2) i'm wondering whether monitoring for dry eyes pertains to the main point of vigo, which is to act as an energy gauge. in other words, i'm wondering whether monitor-monitoring (lol) for dry eyes fits into that scheme. of course, because there's an open sdk/api, anyone can develop an app to do that (assuming the answer to my first question is possible). ultimately, i love your idea. i'm sure jason will tell us whether it's technically feasible. it's great that people are coming up with other possibilities beyond jason's vision . . . and i guess that's why he is encouraging developers to get on board and make their own apps for vigo! it's awesome! but who knows, he might find a way to make it relevant to the main vigo app! however, if you don't mind me asking . . . why is this the factor that is dependent on a full pledge? what about vigo, as-is, is holding you back? you don't have to answer, but i'm curious if there's a particular reason that jason might be able to discuss with you. jason, thanks for answering my question! i definitely want the serial number, but i was just thinking that it might be nice to have some kind of identifying info along with it. keep me posted, so i'll know! (random request! i know you didn't ask and that we talked about this a long time ago, but just to reiterate, i vote teal in addition to black and white, lol . . . it's so cool!) ;-p
jason, announce support for blink monitoring and blink reminding to help with dry eyes from staring at monitors and it might just put you over the top.  that's all i need to go all the way with a pledge.
hi marsha, thanks for the support! if we don't fill up the #001 to #100 serialized versions of vigo we'll explore if we can give the custom etched edition serialization numbers too.
hi deltan, we'll be making sure that we get fcc and ce certification before we ship so that there is no harm to health!
hello there. i like this project but i have a question. is it safe for our health as it uses bluetooth ???
btw, for the limited edition, do you think there might be room to engrave a name or initials along with the ks serialization? even for a few bucks more, if need be?
guys, we're nearing the homestretch here . . . and we need about $9,000 more to reach our goal!! please share the vigo campaign with friends, post to your social media, tell your co-workers, post to groups/bulletin boards, etc. call your grandma, if that will help, lol! remember that anyone who needs a nudge from being tired during the day could benefit from vigo. there are industries that could use vigo, including those that have overnight shifts, long shifts, drivers, those using heavy machinery, etc. people who don't sleep well might like vigo. those with medical issues that have trouble sleeping or are tired from the condition itself can use vigo as an energy management tool. so sell the idea to anyone and everyone! and be sure and inform them that vigo can also be used as a bluetooth headset for phones. with a push from all of us, we'll get to that goal! go, go, go! ;-p
really hoping this gets funded as this could greatly help my life! i wish i could afford to pledge more but it's not really an option. this device could be tremendously helpful for many many people so i hope enough backers will come along to push it to the goal!
hi satoki, the accelerometer we are using has a programmable range of up to ±16g, and the gyroscope is capable of detecting up to 2000°/sec. we have not tested whether it would be capable of ballistocardiography, but hopefully these specs will help you in understanding more what the accelerometer is capable of!
that's right marsha, thanks for helping answer the question! the faq section at the bottom of the page now explains what type of glasses can be worn with vigo.
hi, jason. i'm really excited with your device. thanks for inventing vigo. my question is about the accelerometer. when we can use sdk for vigo, how would be the accelerometer's resolution? i'm now plannning to catch the heard beat (ballistocardiogram) from it to see more information. of cource it's hard to devide the vibration or head movement from bcg, i believe your device has the potential.
i took you up on your offer jason and have sent you and your team a message
@marsha jason did replied to my private direct message and said that it should work with glasses--"the only exceptions are glasses that have particularly thick arms that block access to your eye from the side of your face, like safety goggles." but when i got the confirmation that it works the early bird were all gone. so i waited till a slot opened yesterday to finally pledge this project. can't wait for this to get funded!
@ashley, if you scroll all the way down to the beginning of the comments, another backer asked this question -- but it should probably be added to the faq's and/or explained in a video update since so many people wear glasses. jason had replied to that backer showing pictures of frames to help give that person a better idea of whether vigo's sensor will get blocked. for the most part, it seems like vigo will be fine unless someone wears very wide-styled frames. i also wear glasses, but my plastic frames should work just fine with vigo. i hope this helps you with your decision until you get a direct answer from the company!
i've been looking at this since day one but somehow missed the earlier bird when i was waiting for a confirmation that i can wear this with my glasses. being disabled with fibromyalgia and cfs and barely functioning and trying to work to support myself i can't afford the $79 version. i've been checking and checking and today i've luck and see that one slot open up for the $59 early bird. i'm so looking forward to this. i'm always dozing off when driving or pretty much doing anything. this will at least help to alert me when i'm driving alone, etc.  thanks for a very cool and useful concept and product.
i believe that also this can be used by anyone for anything !!
marsha - yeah we are in the same boat.  i know this is not a medical device but this still will help with my alertness and nudge me when i'm starting to get tired from almost everything you mentioned marsha - i have no intent or never thought of this as a medical device i always wanted this device to be exactly what the description says and what the video shows. which is to help you stay alert and help you notice that you need to take a nap and also to keep track and records on your iphone
@don, you're spot on. at our stage we have to be very careful about making any claims about medical applications - right now we are interested in learning as much as we can about all the conditions/use-cases our backers bring up, and finding ways vigo can help. @marsha, couldn't have said it better ourselves. you're making our job easier;)
@ronald, we do have functional prototypes equipped with our hardware and sensors right now (which you can see in a video at the bottom of our page) that we will be continuing to develop and refine for our delivery in may. re: your question about an "ideal"use case, we don't want to make such a claim yet. we are confident vigo can be extremely valuable any time you struggle to stay alert due to drowsiness - we're discovering more possible use cases every day from our backers, and we want to explore them all!
@michael, thanks for the note! we've heard from a growing number of people now with narcolepsy who struggle with drowsiness and dozing off unintentionally. we are very curious to learn more about your condition and how vigo may be able to help - shoot us a message at any time to  continue this dialogue with us!
@ronald, it seems we are in similar boats. i have a severe neurological pain syndrome called rsd/crps from a 2003 accident, which spurred other chronic pain ailments like fibromyalgia, bursitis, osteoporosis, back and neck pain, etc. i am constantly tired and dozing off from my diagnoses' side effects, the sheer exhaustion from lack of sleep, the extra physical exertion from being physically disabled, and my multiple medications that cause drowsiness. from what i have read, as well as speaking with the inventor, it seems that vigo could definitely be beneficial nod course, it won't cure being tired, but it can alert you to it with a nudge and/or lights -- plus, the app can help make suggestions as to how you can perk yourself up or whether you need a nap. over time, you may better learn to manage and control the tiredness. people with chronic pain could definitely benefit, as would others with various medical issues. vigo can really suit anyone and everyone!
it would likely sound like a cop out if this came from them officially but i'm not connected at all and i happen to know that no public claims whatsoever can be made relative to medical applications.  the fda would dump a ton of bricks on them.  that's not to prevent anyone from hoping. :-)
also, i have a horrible spine disease and i've been in pain management for years.....and sometimes when i'm in pain.. i get a little drossy ..  can this help with nudging me and alerting me to keep me alert ?
i truly hope this project makes it and when it's funded - please i don't mean to be rude or negative but, i just experienced a bad investment in a kick-starter project. but form my research and fine reading y'all do have a working prototype? also i do have a few questions, i work from home and sometimes get tired... would this be an ideal use case to wear when i'm working ??
i am a narcoleptic who has a hard time functioning in todays world. i fall asleep constantly and cant keep track of my sleep patterns. i have high hopes for this device
thank you for the quick reply jason. i can't wait to see the uses that the can help me in, being a very mental person i tend to ignore my physical signs of deterioration to finish my work instead of resting and finishing tasks when i am more aware and functional. i think vigo will be the answer for a quality and efficiently built work schedule in the future.
hi joshua, we haven't yet tested vigo with a motorcycle helmet, but if you're able to wear glasses under your helmet or a bluetooth headset with microphone, then vigo shouldn't be a problem! we have not yet decided whether the case will carry the vigo symbol; we will have to work with the manufacturer of the case to determine the possibility of that.
hi tan, lithium polymer batters usually support at least 500-1000 charge cycles, which means the battery should last 3-5 years before you have to replace!
awesome work guys!
awesome. i have two more questions. would it be wearable with a motorcycle helmet, and will the vigo carrying case have the vigo symbol on it?
@jason sorry was meant that the charge and discharge... the lithium-polymer battery could be recharged for few thousand times before it must be changed?
hi tan, vigo uses a rechargeable lithium-polymer battery; each charge lasts 2-3 days on average use and you can charge it up with the included micro-usb cable. there will be no need to replace the battery.
would like to know the vigo battery could last how long before is it need to change to another new battery... one year??/
hi joshua, yes, vigo can be worn on either ear! it's a matter of personal preference and the design allows for either side, whichever is more comfortable for you.
can the vigo be worn on the left ear as well as the right?
thanks jason!
hi marsha, thanks for the suggestion! vigo offers a certain degree of customisation at the moment, such as how long before it alerts that you've been idle, or how sensitive you want the drowsiness detection algorithm to be. we are definitely open to exploring how vigo could be used in medical applications or for people with the difficulties you described. we'd love for you to beta test and provide more feedback and suggestions on how to tailor vigo for these specific needs, when we start developing vigo for those particular use cases. my email is jason@wearvigo.com; if you shoot me an email we'll keep you notified about beta testing! vigo is currently offered in black and white, but we may be able to offer more colour options if we exceed our funding goal.
hi ronald, our main kickstarter page (click the above tab that says "home" or the main kickstarter page link: http://kck.st/jz1y75) has full details on what vigo is capable of doing that you can read up on, including screenshots of the kind of stats that the app can show. vigo has bluetooth capabilities so it may be possible to connect vigo to your other home automation devices; we will release an api to allow that to be developed by anyone interested. currently there are plans to release mobile interfaces for the iphone and android; we may create a web interface as well that that would be further down the line.
hi jason -   sorry for the silly question, i didn't click read more to see that it came with a case. i just re-watched the video and is their anywhere i can read all the features that vigo can currently do or is currently designed to do.... like any stats with how many blinks .... and can this connect to any home automation devices like ninja sphere etc... will their be an online interface gui or just an ipad/iphone interface ?
this is a very exciting idea! i suffer from a severe chronic pain syndrome and brain injury. as a result of symptoms, medication side effects, and a lack of sleep at night from pain, i find myself dozing at the wrong times during the day. a device like this could probably alert me before i fall asleep and help me decide whether i really need a nap or a simple refresher to boost me. moreover, aside from the medical aspects that can't be prevented, i'm hoping vigo will help me learn patterns in my daily habits that may be triggering my sleepiness. this brings me to my next question. will vigo be programmable to know that i'm disabled? i ask because this would require adjusting its recommendations and such -- for instance, vego shouldn't suggest that someone with limited or zero mobility to do jumping jacks, lol. and i would think vego may misinterpret that i'm idle too much, when in fact, i cannot move easily and sit more than the average person. people with medical conditions will love vego since most suffer from drowsiness and feeling tired all the time, but many may use adaptive devices like crutches, wheelchairs, scooters, canes, etc. i'm sure vego's program could be generally adjusted to adapt, but here's a better thought: i'm presuming that vego has an accelerometer or another sensor that could be taught to learn to recognize individuals' movements -- so when a person gets it home, they could train the device to recognize their gait/roll patterns for one or more assistive devices they may use. after this initial setup, nothing else would have to be done unless the person's gait/roll changes or they get a new assistive device. i'm not a programmer, but i know this capability would truly help people in my shoes. i would happily share your campaign with my contacts of several thousand people who have various disabilities. i only hesitate because i am sure many will ask me this same question -- and that's why i'm asking you whether it would be possible first! in case you are looking, i would also be interested in helping you beta test vego, both in general, and also to help hone features for people with disabilities and medical conditions. i have experience in beta testing with major ios and pc software companies, in case it matters. i don't often offer unless i truly believe in something -- and i really think vego has great potential! above all, vego could potentially help so many people, especially those working in certain industries, college students, and more! it's a simple idea that is revolutionary. i'm sure i will come up with more suggestions and comments as i read more about your project and watch it develop. meanwhile, i look forward to your response regarding the above question! p.s. will more colors be made available? i see you have a third color in your video and pics. i hope there will be some more choices made available during the campaign! i love that blue one, just saying! :-)
hi denny, it may certainly be possible to use vigo to control your phone to take photos by winking. we will release an api that allows functionalities like these to be developed with our hardware.
hi rob, we'd love to explore the use of vigo in the security guard industry! please contact us at info@wearvigo.com so we can explore ways to customise vigo specifically for your needs or for beta testing.
i run a security company with hundreds of officers who work at night.  if this product delivers as stated you could sell millions to this industry !!!!  can't wait to get it .
if this can detect wink, could we use it to take photo like google glass..
hi paul, great, thanks for the feedback! we are definitely open to exploring potential medical applications for the device. it would be great if you could let people you know that also suffer from narcolepsy about the device! we'd love to hear your collective feedback about how we can improve the device to suit your needs.
hi jason,  i am from the netherlands! i suffer from narcolepsy (a chronic neurological disorder caused by the brain's inability to regulate sleep-wake cycles normally). problem is that you dose off without controlling it. vigo as i can oversee it now, can be very usefull, not only to alert you when you fall asleep/dose off but also with establishing the day-to-day routine! i look forward to the final product! if i can be of any assistance do not hesitate to call me.
this is awesome! :d
hi ronald, as explained in the description for the limited edition reward, a carrying case is included.
what exactly does the kick starter limited edition 001-100 come with? does it come with a case? i hope so...
hi catherine, thanks for asking! whether vigo can be worn with glasses depends on the type of glasses you wear - we've found that it can fit most glasses with regular-sized arms (e.g. this one: http://bit.ly/1bqwvi5), while glasses with wide-sized arms may block the sensor from seeing the eye (e.g. this one: http://bit.ly/1bqmqwa).
will vigo works if we're using sunglasses (for those long drive)?
hi don, thanks for the great suggestion! we do measure blink rates right now, but we don't yet have a feature to remind you to blink at a certain rate. this could be a feature that can be enabled using our software development kit (sdk) further down the line; we're definitely open to exploring more medical applications for vigo!
p.s. with proper marketing i think ophthalmologists might be persuaded to prescribe it.
i don't have a drowsy problem but i do have a problem at a computer monitor of low blink rate and dry eyes.  my corneas are cloudy virtually all of the time because of this due to the amount of my time i spend in front of a monitor.  too much, but hey. i pledged for a buck to be able to comment and i'll fully back it when you announce a blink rate monitor function.  i want it to beep (or whatever) when i should next blink as prescribed by whatever ophthalmologists consider an optimum rate.  some variation around that rate should, of course, be specifiable.  a blink should reset the next alarm and restart the timer.  after some period of use, one might achieve conditioning and no longer need the function. a variation to consider for feedback is a mild shock annoyance.  or even something that will trigger the blink reflex so as to require no attention.  i think this a way more useful and probably popular application of your tech.
this comment has been removed by kickstarter.
