the fine folks at qore emailed me back immediately to resolve this situation. thanks!
i also have not received a shirt yet, so curious if some of the orders were still backed up?
it's been 2 months now and i still haven't received my long sleeve shirt. can somebody send me the product i purchased?
ok, nice, today i receive all things :)
thanks for fast reply, and solving problem :)
hi, today i receive my package .. finally!! (i am from czech republic) but, i receive only long t-shirt, and 6x inserts.  i paid 170 usd for :  60usd :1x long sleeve hydration shirt , 4x hydraqore inserts  50usd extra: + $50 hydration shorts w/2x hydraqore inserts  20usd extra: + $20 2x extra hydraqore inserts  +40 usd for shipping, that was paid and not market on package anyway. but this is ok. so .. i missing the shorts :(((((
hey timothy, so sorry for the delay. we are shipping your hydration shirt out today with the extra inserts as promised from our last email communication. i apologize that it did not get shipped out two weeks ago with all of the other grey hydration shirts. that was an oversight on my part. you will get an email with the tracking info as soon as it is scanned in by usps. thank you again for your support, and i do apologize for the mistake. - doug
it has been 2 months, and i still haven't gotten any notice. please advice.
hey gavin, thanks for reaching out! the grey, blue, and pink hydration shirts are on their way to us now. we sent you an email yesterday which you must not have received. i resent it to you directly through kickstarter, so please let us know if you do not receive it. otherwise your hydration shirt will be on the way as soon as it hits our door!!! - doug
it is now august another month gone and still nothing has arrived.  did i miss a post saying arriving now 2017 or ????
hi, i still haven't received my long sleeve yet. can i get an update?
hi all, while most shirts have gone out over the past month, there are a few size/color combinations that are still in the works. if you haven't heard from us directly, we will be reaching out to you individually the next few days if you haven't received your shirt yet (several are currently in transit as well). thank you for bearing with us as we get this project off the ground and rolling! you can reach us directly at jd@qoreperformance.com with additional questions.
hi, i'm just wondering if there is any delay in the production of the long-sleeve shirts, as i haven't received mine yet. let me know if there is an estimated timeline for delivery.
it is now july and i am still waiting for my shirt can anyone explain why it has not arrived please?
if i want to get a short sleeve shirt how would i go about in buying in? would i have to pay the retail price or can i get the kickstarter price?
just got mine in the mail! it fits great!!!!
hi patrick, time files...a lot going on here, but all good news. the nuts and bolts: 1) production is on track 2) final shirt samples are being shipped to us today for approval with the production line ready to go. 3) colored fabric has been secured. thanks to our ks backers, we are also in the process of: 4) developing a new product that will change the game for our police and military. 5) securing a major endorsement. look for a major update (including visuals) friday!
how about an update? would really like to know how it is going and see some samples at least. though i hope it's shipping time soon :d
production is moving along! we have been working on finalizing our material purchases and getting the various colors squared away. we will send a visual update on this early next week!
how is it going with production?
i want to change my color to blue instead of black. how can i update my survey?
hi, when are you sending out the surveys for the backers? thanks :d
really excited to give this a go! congrats on the success!!
thank you so much lake! we are super excited to reach our goal, and are thankful to you and everyone who has supported us in this project!
saw that you were almost at your goal and believe that this is an awesome product so i had to push you over! congratulations on this endeavor.
what a great suggestion timothy, and thank you so much for your support! as soon as we have enough backers from a particular region to make bulk shipping an option, we will certainly switch to that wherever possible. we continue to explore the lowest cost shipping options right up until the day we ship, so that every one of our backers can guarantee their package will arrive at the lowest possible cost. help us spread the word so we can make this dream a reality!
thanks for the support alexander! you are awesome!
@creator any chance you can lower the shipping cost for backers from right across boarder, canada? i figure you have quite a substantial amount of customers from here. and $20 shipping for the weight is a little high. do you think you can explore bulk shipping and a distributor on location? that can help you plant connections to open retail stores too tim
just added an extra $50 to get a pair of shorts! this will be great because it will be right in the heat of summer time!
wow, thanks for the continued support ondrej! we can't wait for you to enjoy your new hydration shirt.
i add now extra 20 usd for 2x hydra core and help to get goal ! :)
great question ben. the inserts are not visible at all while in the shirt, and were specifically designed to be slim enough to not impede any motion of movement. as far as your sagging question, the mesh used in the pockets was specifically chosen because of its ability to stretch to accept the insert, but to remain taught enough to hold them tight. so far in our testing, of both the prototype shirts, as well as our hydration sleeves, we have had no reports or instances of sagging. one of the benefits of not only manufacturing our hydration shirts in the united states but also choosing fabrics that are made in the usa, is the quality control and testing ability we have had during our r&d. thank you so much for your support, and please let us know if you have any other questions!
good afternoon ondrej! we are working on lowering that cost as we speak! we have found a shipping option that will significantly reduce the cost to ship to our international backers, we are just waiting on word back from kickstarter as to how to adjust the pricing. we will post an update the second we have the answer, and we will send you a message personally so that you know exactly how to make the adjustment. thanks again for your support!
how visible are the packs while they are in the shirt? and will the pockets on the shirt begin to sag over time, thus, not holding the packs close to your skin?
i think international shipping is crazy high :(
thanks for your support daniel! we are looking forward to you sending us some pictures of you on ice, wearing the hydration shirt!
i'm eager to try this product out! seems like a potentially good fit for being an ice hockey goalie.
thank you for your support ondřej lasák!
thank you for your support carol!
great product! i've been using your arm bands and have had immense success with them. i'm happy to donate to a good company and get a hydration t-shirt.
i select 60$ + add-on 50$ ;)
