@peter @scott  according to our customer support log, your issues should have been fixed. @jamie we will contact you in email to check your problem. to all, sugr will support each of you to make sure your cube works well with our latest software. if you have any issue, please drop us an email support@sugrsugr.com.
so it seems that unbaking this project was a good idea. i have some experience in crowdfunding and product making and this really was a bad campaign from the start. i hope that most of you will at least get a refund.
checked the comments to see if anyone else was experiencing their cube not holding a charge. mine wont either. sugr, you gotta do something about this... mine is a paperweight now too!
hey jamie let me know if you get a response i have the same problem one cube works great the one i gave as a gift is now a paperweight won't hold a charge won't let me connect. hence they gave the cube back how embarrassing. i have sent them emails for two weeks now no response  please!!!!!!!!!!!!! help sstortz104@gmail.com
as i have mentioned a few times on the support page, my sugr makes a great paper weight. it will not turn on or retain a charge if it is unplugged.
android app beta site down????
one of my two kickstarter cubes is doa - hasn't turned on at all since i received it. what can i do?
there are a lot more people using android than ios, so why isn't the android app ready yet?
still looking forward to transform the piece of wood into a speaker... any update on the android app?
hi sugr, what is the android app release plan ? i m waiting for it. thanks,
got my cube yesterday. very nice craftmanship and high quality. now we just have to wait for the app. and buy a new plug converter/adapter. unfortunately the delivered adapter is not usable with german sockets...
received my cube last friday. beautiful piecepiece, can't wait to test it when the android app is ready.
@vlad fefelov we designed sugr cube for home use. now many users have asked to make it portable to anywhere, so wi-fi hot spot may be needed. sugr designer is thinking about this mostly from user experience point of view, technically we can support that. we will let all of you know once we decide to work on it or not. please also understand that sugr is a small team, just 4 software engineers, we have bugs to fix and new features to develop, we will prioritise, please be patient as well.
@paul s thanks for your wish list, i am so happy that your wishes are what we are planning: stereo pairing will be the first to come, then should be custom radio and spotify. dlna is very complex, we cannot promise anything yet. dual control, i'm not sure i understand your need correctly, we can talk offline.
@brent gath it is so kind of you to help answer the questions. a big thumb to you! best, sean@sugr
@scott stortz android app will be ready in august, we will start beta test in two weeks. please get new release and updates from sugr forum: http://forum.sugrsugr.com/
love it just wish like many others need android app was available planning to give one as a gift. also would be nice if amazon music could be added to the function screen other than that great product
@vlad the cube has internal storage that can hold 500-700 songs. those songs can be played anywhere, with or without wi-fi. i believe you have to use the app in order to access the internal storage though.
@oliver, @christian, @john etc: sean posted in the forums that the android app would be ready in august. you can ask to be put on the beta testing program and get it a few weeks earlier. the address to that forum post is here: http://forum.sugrsugr.com/t/i-dont-have-iphone-what-can-i-do-now/82
received my cube today here in france.  nice package, gorgeous cube, but the provided us-to-french power outlet converter doesn't fit in french outlets... i guess i'll have to order a compatible one from amazon :/ also, any idea regarding the availability of the android app ?
and there is no android app yet, coming soon.
oh, and 1 more point, the app in appstore is for phone only for anyone having problems finding it for their ipad ;)
also, my bbc radio 1 stations sucks. this is not the cube as other stations are fine, is it possibly how the station is implemented in the software?
2 cubes received today in uk. very happy with build quality but here's what i'd like to see: 1. stereo sound  (it's being worked on) 2. dual control (if i have the 2 speakers on the same radio channel i'd like them to be in sync) 3. allow addition of custom radio stations 4. dnla server access 5. spotify added i look forward to the possibilities the software iterations bring.
@sugr ... is the android app already available in play store? can't find it. can you please provide an direct link? without the app it is only a nice looking but expensive pice of wood ;-)
please provide a direct link to the android app.  like many other backers i cannot find it.
@sugr , i received my sugr cube the other day and am having difficulty finding the android app in the google play store as well.
hi. received my cube a few days ago and it's awesome! the quality is above my expectations. one thing i couldn't find is can i use it without wifi? like if i take it somewhere out
@sugr we received our sugr cubes yesterday. can't wait to get them going but i can't locate the android app. please advise. thanks.
@sugr thank you. the issue i was having may haven been caused by dust or something in the connection port. i gently used compressed air to clean the port and it charged just fine after that.
@brent 4hours will give a full charge. both know on and off will keep charging it. you can use the ios app to check the battery status.
@sugr what is the charge time for the battery? i plugged it in last night and when i woke up this morning it had not charged. should i leave the cube on or off during charging?
@kevert we tried ourselves, sugr cube app on apple app store is free. about the credit card, it is related to apple services. this is the link to app store: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/sugr-cube/id909830324…
@brent thanks, the team would be very happy to feel your excitement. we do not have a dedicated plan for content development today, our plan is to collect all the backer feedbacks with a survey (after we ship all of them and confirm the arrival). then based on the survey we will prioritise the future development. so before that, please use airplay to enjoy your favorite content.
finally got my sugr cube in the mail today! i'm loving it! excellent build quality and the sound is great! unfortunately i live in germany so without the ability to access my vpn service i cannot use the pandora feature but i expected that. i can still use it via my phone and stream it to the cube. @sugr is there a time frame for iheart radio to be added??
@sugr,    when i try to download it using iphone 6, it asked me to input the credit card number and pay for it, please double check it.
does it support ap mode ? otherwise if i need to bring it out, how can i let it play the music without internet ? still looking forward the android app.
@kevert please search "sugr cube" at the apple app store, it is free. or follow this link please: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/sugr-cube/id909830324…
when i download the ios app, it asked me to pay the app, what happened ? i can not user android app config it because it is not availible yet, and what i can do it only  download the app and config it, is there any other way i can config it ?
i can not find the android app !
i spend 42 euro customer fee, it is really very much if compare to the device price.
@pauls we are developing the stereo function. it is more complicated than we estimated. so we cannot have a well planned deliver date. we may be able to invite you for testing this feature in august.
@simonn we plan to ship for android user at the first and second week of july. the android app will be release at the end of july.
@eleonora yes, we can send you the tracking number.
hello! is it possible to have a tracking number for the delivery of my cube? thanks!
any news about the progress for android users?
is the stereo option still coming or has it been implemented?
been using the sugr cube for some time.   very happy with the build quality.
any news on the android cubes?
@kevert relevant information has been sent to your email, please check it.
@pierluigi feliciani before we could work on spotify, please use airplay to enjoy your favorite lists. :-) and supporting spotify is not only an engineering job, there's also business collaborations.
@taavi tamtik any qualcomm quick charge 2.0 charger can do the job.
hi could you please give me the dhl  tracking number?
hi again! question: can the cube support the third party chargers for battery charging? it can make the life more convenience because everyone have some chargers and solutions at home or to go:) best, taavi
hi guys! the cube is amazing!!! when spotify will be available? as i live in italy, pandora does not work... :( congrats!!!
hi sucr team! i got some software update today but nothing for minimal volume... best, taavi
@joão barbosa the dhl fees should be custom charge. the package was shipped with an invoice. we will send you again via email.
@doruk dogramaci thanks a lot for the comment. if you meet any issue, please let us know at http://forum.sugrsugr.com
@yukito inoue thank you. volume issue will be fixed within 24 hours.
@daniel shadbolt thanks for your feedback. we are working on the minimal volume issue and will release new software today. for any other problems, would you please log them at our forum http://forum.sugrsugr.com, we will fix them one by one. the best thing of sugr cube for baby is: it is never interrupted by smartphone alerts and calls. so your baby could enjoy music continuously, this helps build his/her focus.
hi, also to follow up on my last comment. i have updated the firmware you released, still having issues with the volume. but the bigger issue is when listening to music via airplay, it keeps restarting songs 30 seconds in or skips to a new track. not sure why? also the app keeps loosing the cube, so i have to turn the cube off and back on again to connect? build quality of the cube is great. once the software (and charger) issues are resolved, i look forward to having this sit on a shelf in my baby's nursery.
love this product. thank you sugr team. me too minimal volume too high but i read your comment and looking forward to update.
i got mine yesterday. absolutly perdect design and quality. thank you
has anyone in the uk had fees to pay, can you let me know how much you were charged?
hi sugr, dhl is asking 75 euros to release my cube. dhl fees over the price i pay, makes the costums charge a bitter more also. they need a invoice, can you send one? and plase, declare the mininum amount possible. also, please contact your local dhl office. why is dhl charging me fees?
hey guys, received my sugr cube, love it. only one issue, and its a real disappointment. i live in australia, and instead of sending an australian power plug. you sent me an adapter to plug into. which means it makes the plug so large and heavy, i can't plug it in virtually anywhere. if i try to plug into the wall, the weight pulls it back out again. if i plug into my power board it sits up so high i can't fit it under my bed! why didn't i get a country specific power plug?
@taavi thanks for the feedback. we have received same issue (minimal volume too high) from several backers. so we will start working on this next week. then we'll send out firmware update.
hi sugr team! i have a short experience about my cube and i love it:) my first feedback from the first day is a volume level of cube? to turn on the cube, sound is too loud. to use the sugr cube built in features, volume level is the same - minimum level is too loud, to high for me... how can i fix it? airplay playing well and volume level is controllable:) best, taavi
@taavi tamtik  thank you taavi!
hi sugr team! thanks for the cube, i got it today and i love it. it is a good product, super design and zmarter:) i believe to see some software updates in soon but well done! my respect, taavi
@abulkhair hejazy enjoy!
@beaugm well noted, we will check the pandora re-login issue. if you have further issues or feature request, welcome to sugr & friends club at http://forum.sugrsugr.com
i received mine yesterday.  i have very pleased with the overall build quality and performance.  in fact, the sugrcube exceeded my expectations!  i leave pandora playing overnight.  by morning, the music had stopped (i expected it to time out) but i didn't expect to have to completely re-enter my log-in information.  just a little feedback in addition to the other requests for other stations (tunein radio, iheart radio, siriusxm, etc)
yessss, i got mine :)
i'm using downcast (https://geo.itunes.apple.com/il/app/downcast/id393858566…) i'm listening to some french radio shows like les grosses tetes (http://www.rtl.fr/podcast/les-grosses-tetes.xml)
@steve sebban url radios + podcasts, well noted. would you also let us know what podcast app do you use? and some of your favorite playlist? correct, sugr cube only works with 2.4ghz wi-fi.
ill second brandon for custom url radios, maybe even a way to handle url podcasts? during the connect process, the cube failed to connect when on a 5ghz network. it is intended? (worked flawless on 2.4ghz)
@brandon leblanc a small percentage of custom fees could be expected, while our shipping partner explained to us it is country dependent. we offer the same labelled price, but different country charge on different ratio. thanks for the reminder. we are working with our shipping partner on the custom fees. it seems each different country has different policy, even most of our goods ship with dhl.
should be receiving my cube soon, but i was made unaware that i would have to dish out more money to cover customs. was that expected? please make it aware to other backers before they receive an email/text from dhl asking for more money.
@sugr yes, adding your own stream-url in the app would be great! changing dns would be great for circumventing geo-blocking! (i cannot change the used dns in my router!)
@michael safar  thanks for the comments, all the feedbacks are well noted. we need a little more details: 1. for your own streams, could you give some examples? how do you want to add them: possible by copy an url somewhere and paste it in cube app? 2. what would be the purpose to change the dns settings?
my cube arrived and i am impressed by it's design, built quality, sound and basic functionality! but if i could make a wish list i had the following two wishes: 1. improved radio connectivity and possibility to add your own streams! (my cube seldom connects to the radios or takes a long time connecting) 2. the possibility to change the dns settings.
@thijs fleers :-(  would you please explain in a little bit detail what was the problem about setup?
@rudey yao thanks for the feedbacks, they are well noted and we will keep improving with software updates.
wifi set up is done by updating to ios 8.3. app is frusstrating indeed :)
got mine today. build quality is very good, packaging is nice, sound quality is a little bit too flat/(compressed?) in my opinion but guys... the app is just frustrating. already left a comment on the ios app store, hope this gives you a little direction for an upcoming update. ;)
hi sugr, everything looks great! only thing is that the wifi set up does not work. so i only hear music from some one else. it says connected but nothing happend.
i got my cube today and thanks for shipping promptly. it works great with a few issues though. pandora login page exit when entering 1st character every time- have to copy and paste in iphone to solve that. airplay doesn't work me even it appears as a airplay speaker in iphone. after turned sugr speaker off and on again it works then. radio station are hard coded. i hope i can add my own radio stations somewhere in the app. keep improving please since it has so much potentials. thanks!
@thijs fleers issue acknowledged. would you please email your detailed dhl charge to support@sugrsugr.com and we will check with our shipping partner. we have paid the delivery fee to them already. have a good weekend! best sugr
payment is to dhl
dear crew, i have to pay more than 88 euro for 2 cubes and i order twice so 176 euro. whats going on?
i would love to help you test !
@smartleon we start shipping in the first week of june.
@sam duregger our logistic partner requested our customers' phone numbers for shipping purpose only.
@thijs you can user airplay to stream spotify to one of your sugr cube. "spotify connect" is a premium feature of spotify. we are working with them to integrate to sugr cube. currently it is in early development stage, if you'd like to join us for testing, please let me know.
hi sugr cube team, when will ship my delivery? i have not received my order. thanks.
why do you need our phone for shipping?
hi sugr cube team, just to be sure i understand you guys right. it is not yet possible to play spotify from my iphone and stream this directly to all my four sugr cubes? or thee if i select so. just the way sonos does. any new updates from your next blogpost? thanks in advance and keep up the good work!! thijs
@simonn theoretically it is possible to support google cast for audio with a firmware update. we do not know its technical details yet. we will develop current product features then study if we could support google cast. thanks for reminding.
hey guys, is it possible to add google cast for audio support at this stage or as an update? would make sugr an even mightier speaker
@ brandon leblanc: please send your new address to hello@sugrsugr.com.
hi sugr team. i can't wait to get my hands on the sugr cube when they ship, but i've realized that there is a chance i will not be at my current home address come july. is there someone i could contact in regards to changing my shipping address? thank you
@thijs fleers yes, the rename feature is ready with our ios app now. we are developing the android version.
@steve sebban here we confirm that we will ship the qualcomm quick charge 2.0 charger (us standard) with an external plug converter.
hi sugr team, is it possible to rename the cubes? so you know which cube is in which room. thanks, thijs
i'm a bit confused by your answer about the a/c plug. on your #18 update, you said that you will provide a swapper (aka taking off the us plug and exchanging it for an eu plug like apple does) but since then you are talking about plug converter (aka to put on top of the us plug) so which one is the  answer? (i really hope that the swapper is)
@simonn yes, we will ship proper plug converter to all the non-us backers.
are you including some kind of adapter for using the wall plug in europe?
@lora we have been communicating with spotify, it seems they have a long list to support, so we still cannot confirm that. i would suggest you can using spotify with airplay for sugr cube if we cannot ship with spotify.
would love to see a spotify connect integration.
@thijs fleers thanks the team is working towards hardware production. the cube wooden boxes have been in building process. on the software side the ios app is in testing and bug fixing. android app have been started this week. as a group of 9 people, we are really busy on this. an update will fly in within a couple of days. :-)
hi guys, how is progress going? any new things to tell us? looking forward to a new update! cheers and good luck! thijs
oops, overlooked that, thanks!
@sabine there is a physical volume knob at the rear cover of sugr cube. i can find it if you look at sugr cube kickstarter page, on the picture with a lady touching sugr cube.
what i like about this other cube mentioned below is that it has a volume control - is there one in sugr cube (independent from the app)?
is this something similar to sugr cube? especially the motion thing~ https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/qbic-your-first-internet-of-speaker/x/9959414 functionally, it seems quite similar to me...
@monika  the plan is to ship sugr cube with invoice.  @kirsten we need to investigate if we can put an invoice outside the package. we will get back to you next week.
could you please put a proper invoice (you should see the total price, the shipping costs and what kind of product is inside) outside the package once you ship it? that should help to avoid a visit at the toll office (which really is no fun)! thx!!!
hi, can i get a formal invoice?
@julian yes, facebook sharing is optional.
hi, can't wait for my cube,  love the way they look!  please make the facebook sharing optional. i cant stand seeing what other people are listening to much less want to share what i am listening to.     very excited, thanks!
hey guys, it seems a month has passed since sugr cube was successfully funded, i'm wondering when will it start delivering, just can't wait to see it! also, will it being delivered early for chinese customers? shunfeng baoyou please :d
@brent sugr cube does not support native vpn when shipping product. we may consider http vpn in the future if this is a common requirement.
@steve: well that's pretty cool. certainly would work at home. at the office they likely won't allow me to install anything but a great idea nonetheless, thank you!
@brent: you could use a dns service like unotelly (http://bit.ly/uno_telly) instead of your vpn. it is much faster and you can install it on the router level for all of your devices without any additional software. i use it for years and very happy with it.
@sugr thank you, i appreciate the quick response! happy chinese new year!!
@brent gath we have not planned for this yet. this issue is already tracked. we may get back to you after 10 days since the team is going to have a break for chinese new year holidays.
@pop000ooo  we don't have a good solution yet. we will notify you and other backs once we have solid solutions. thank you!
i'm perhaps the only person that would really care about this but figured i would ask anyway. will there be a way to use a vpn with the sugr cube? firmware of any type? i live in europe so i use a vpn for pandora.
there is a problem with your payment to sugr cube - touch to stream and share music by sugr. how can i fix it
it is pretty clear that both airplay and dlna are needed. we will start with airplay, then dlna. this is also the original plan. many thanks to your reply.
c'mon guys, it's not a pity. do the right thing and ship it with airplay and dlna.
+1 to @sugr for committing to airplay and dlna.
100% airplay.
airplay and dlna. oh and congrats!!
congratulations. due to not being a apple user dlna (dmr) is my fav.
congratulations :)
do not care about the order, but i would love to see dlna
airplay, dlna, upnp. i´m with sorin without ay doubt.
@sorin your priority is same as mine (personally). and technically upnp is the foundation of dlna. let's see how other people feedback.
airplay, dlna, upnp
@isabelle @joão @simonn i agree that $150 does not change anything. we are very confident on deliver sugr cube with the features we defined. sugr is a team that will make each feature solid rather than experimental. we will step by step finish all the development work and after product shipping, we will continue keep the development for firmware updates. for the stretch goals, we already promised that even if we cannot hit the goal, we will do it. just we want to prioritize proper features. we want each backer will receive sugr cube with stable app and firmware performance for streaming and remote control. then more features will be added step by step. if you'd like to share with us your preferred feature list (from high to low), we'd be glad to know.
it is not a pitty when it's only 150 short. my comment there: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1350952796/sugr-cube-touch-to-stream-and-share-music/posts/1133735
congrats! its a pitty that we were 150$ short!
getting very close to the stretch goal... let's hope we find 4 more backer in the next 5h.
@sabine kurz  early and late is always relative, enjoy!
can't believe it, got the last super early perk, almost forgot to buy after my weeks-long pondering on whether to get this little beauty or not
@joão barbosa yes, that's the plan. developing and testing a feature like airplay/dlna will require 6-8 weeks.
so close of the streching goal! at least, we know that we already hit it. but if you raise the 60k, i suppose that the airplay and dlna will be avaliable when you ship? if not, or even if you dont get 60k, how long do you think that we will have to wait for that firmware update?
@simonn great idea. ifttt could empower sugr cube to be a smart terminal. we can implement ifttt by ourselves, or we could open source for developers to do it. since sugr cube is firmware upgradable, supporting ifttt will not be a problem.
just an idea: have you thought about ifttt integration in combination with the alarm function? that way sugr would become even more capable
@luis the sound quality test result can be found at: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1350952796/sugr-cube-touch-to-stream-and-share-music/posts/1115046 the product spec can be found at sugr website http://www.sugrsugr.com/ sugr cube is made of mdf board with real wood veneer (cherry and maple). we will ship rewards in june. we will collect your shipping address with a survey after this kickstarter campaign. thanks for the detailed questions! sean@sugr
@simonn we will support both airplay, upnp, dlna with future firmware update.
@sorin qc2.0 is faster than vooc because it delivers up to 36w (20v x 1.8a) power. it is 1.6x than vooc's 22.5w (5v x 4.5a).  yet charging speed is not a crucial issue for speaker, so a qc2.0 9v 1.2a  adaptor and 2 cells of 3000mah li-ion battery will be adopted. then the charging time is ~4 hours.
dear creator,i have several questions. 1.i am interested in sugr cube, would you mind give me the spec of this project? i wonder more information about this product, pls send me details of wifi solution and sound quality testing report. 2.what artworks the product use? the wood cutting or chipboard? 3.when could you send the reward to me?  what kind of information you need before i get my reward? thanks a lot.
if we do  not reach the stretch goal, any chance to include dlna at a later stage?
is there an impovement in charge speed of quickcharge 2.0 compared to vooc charging that oppo uses ? as an example, it takes roughly half an hour to chrge a 3000 amp battery from 0 to 70%. how does quickcharge 2.0 compare to that? also, what battery size do you guys plan on using (amps) ?
@ryan welcome to hack, we like to hack things too. we may support you on both software & hardware if your idea is fun or cool.
i will try to hack this ... will try to make the sound output to my amp then to my floor standing speakers
@sorin and priam thank you both, very interesting conversation. i personally had good and bad experiences on kickstarter as well. this model is new. and sugr is a freshman too. so this is a creating and learning journey. it is tough and fun. thank you two and all other backers to be with us! cheers, sean@sugr
@sorin whatever you think is yours. i know google very well but that does not mean that you can find any more info than what is described here. you can also check my profile and see how many projects i have backed and what experience i have on kickstarter. sample pieces had to be sent for independent reviews. they were too late. still the manners of sugr representative are a great selling point. i am simply too sane and have much investments going on right now to invest in this specific project now. but i still hope for the best. i will buy more than anyone here if they prove the quality. you can bet on it!
@priam i think you're simply trying to find reasons not to back them. if you were really interested in articles, google is your best friend. i can't imagine you've never heard of google. also, since the device is not on sale it would be pretty weird to see a review of something that's not in mp. i think its your loss, but to each his own.
well that's generous :) i am having great time recently making business with chinese companies. the customer service and product quality is top notch. i am very impressed of you keeping calm after my comments. i hope the sugr give out well and i will have the opportunity to take advantage of your offer. keep improving and i will buy dozens of the cubes as i am a reseller of the best gadgets i can find around the world.
@priam we sent one sample to engadget, it would be their schedule to publish the review. thank you and we will offer you same price if you buy sugr cube from our online store.
so can you tell us who is the reviewer who got the sample? we have 4 more days and it looks like you have made everything to not show us any independent opinions about sugr.  although this looks very, very good i simply can not accept that kind of mystery. when this comes out and will have great reviews i will buy then. pledge is withdrawn because we can not trust your word unfortunately.
@marcel we will start a survey after kickstarter campaign finishes on feb 12th. stay tuned please.
sounds sooper cool! can't wait to get my one!  where or when may i choose my color?
@enfen  your brother is our hero, thanks to him! :-) you can find "manage your pledge" at the right side of the kickstarter page (if you view our project), click it. then you can find "cancel pledge" at the bottom of that page. i'm sorry you're not part of our backers to experience this cool streaming product.
@sugr hi, sugr. i am sorry i have to cancel the pledge as it was ordered by my brother using my credit card without my permission. could you tell me how to cancel the pledge? cheers.
@sagar hi, sagar,  the distance is recommended to be at least 2" (5cm). best, sean
hi sean, given the rear-facing port, how much distance should be kept from the wall based on your testing?
@brent we are working hard to engineer our baby towards production. at sugr studio, we use current engineering samples every day and night. we had same situation as you have now. sugr cube will ship with complete user manual. and we will have both online version and app version as well. a quick survey, could you share with sugr what kind of router/ap in your office? thanks!
i cannot wait to get my hands on the sugr cube!!!! this is going to be a fantastic office speaker for me. i have been looking for a speaker that can be used without my smart phone, since doing so all day drains the battery on the phone quickly. not to mention the fact that i need my phone to make calls constantly. this seems like it will be the perfect solution. can i assume the sugr cube will come with a complete instruction booklet of some sort?
@priam sugr cube is not a product designed to compare with bose soundlink mini. the unique design of sugr cube is to directly stream content from the internet, not from the phone (like bluetooth does). it is targeting long time background music with its balanced acoustic design. at mid-high frequencies, if you look at the frequency response curve, sugr cube out performs all the portable speakers with this price range. at low frequencies, it starts to drop at 120hz. considering its overall loudness is bigger than similar products, the low frequencies are still strong. and we plan to work on adaptive loudness equalization with dsp, so before we ship product, there's still room to improve bass performance. if you compare the thd performance, sugr cube reaches hi-fi level distortion (<1%). overall, we are very confident on the sound quality. sugr cube is now at trial build stage, we have engineerings samples for reliability, electrical and emc tests. at the same time, we are tweaking the sound quality with hardware minor change and software dsp algorithms. you will get a decent speaker when it is shipped.
thanks for the reminder about the sample. unfortunately this solves nothing. not even one modern bass song played. almost only high pitched instrumental songs which sound good on most brand speakers. not even one bassy modern electronic song! this almost feels like made intentionally to cover the lack of frequencies played. sounds worse than mine for sure but is also cheaper here on kckstrtr. is it really so difficult to play a hit from the radio now and record it? for best recognition compared to the soundlink mini?
@priam we did latest internal sound quality demo 6 days ago, i'm not sure if you checked this, below was the quote " the recording file can be download form sugr web site, url:  http://sugrsugr.com/sugrcubeplaybackbedroom.zip only fade in & out was applied on each music segment by audition cs6. no other filter or effect was applied. " for details, please refer to my comment feedback on jan 30 and update #7 (this link: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1350952796/sugr-cube-touch-to-stream-and-share-music/posts/1115046) for independent review, we sent out 1 sample a week ago, we're not sure when they can publish the review.
@barackuda tunein radio is within our development plan. :-)
time is running out. i really, really like the idea of the whole product. sounds awesome. but until theres an independent sound review i i will have to withdrawn the money. history shows that great sounding projects are often nothing more. just take a look at hiddenradio. i own a great sounding bt speaker. i don't need more functions in place of sound quality. i think plenty of people are waiting for another comparison and review. your goal is now quite fictional.
tunein!
@jb, both free account and paid account works, just with free accounts you will have to listen to their advertisements. sugr cube can serve as a direct speaker for mac computers via airplay. for windows, you can use dlna players to play sound, but not all system sound goes to cube.
hi do we need premium/paid accounts of all these services like spotify in order to let it work with the cube? also can it serve as a direct speaker for a laptop so all the sound comes out of the cube instead of the internal speakers?  thanks!
@joão barbosa thank you and please help us to share with more friends.
great news! looking forward for it. i hope we hit the strech goal, just to get sugr with airplay when it ships! :d
@joão barbosa good question. supporting airplay is our promise, if we do not have enough fund to release it together with product ship, we will develop it later and offer firmware update ota. :-)
i´ve got to ask. even if you dont it the strech goal, will you make airplay avaliable? even if you dont get enough money to boost, maybe with a delay you will make it possible? or just promise to make a firmware update ota to include this?
@sorin jurcut very insightful suggestions, i appreciate that. regarding the laser etching kickstarter le logo. we do not plan to supply to each backer because we did a user survey. we visited some friends in us and eu, over 70% of them would prefer to keep the clean wooden body as it is. and very importantly this process cost much to add (laser etching, process & transportation between 2 factories, failure rate). adding this option is not for profit. for the two stretch goals, we will work on our best to deliver them. if we could reach the stretch goal, we could have budget to out source some development to accelerate. since sugr cube is an hardware app, it is always upgradable. there's a lot to imagine. i personally look forward to developing ifttt features. just so far the small team need to focus on basic features. we will keep updating the development process both at kickstarter and on our blog (http://www.sugrsugr.com/index.php/category/blog/). enjoy! sean@sugr
pleged and waiting. :) personally, i think that having kickstarter logo engraved into them should be for all campaign speakers, by default, not for special edition only. the reasoning is because you want to encourage more people to be part of a unique moment, which in turn would reflect itself on your stretch goals on the long run (by increasing the number of backers). the speaker becomes memorabilia, and people want that from projects they deeply care about. otherwise, you're just selling things... and that just cheapens the whole kickstarter experience in my opinion. also, i belive that you would've profited more if you'd have set those stretch goals from the beginning, as it helps motivate backers. now, there is a slight risk that mac & pc app or even the mentioned protocols won't get to be implemented before release, which would be a pitty. anyway, still a great product, which i'm happy to back :) it resonates with every fiber of my designer being :d
@sagar shankar  @thomas loke thank you for the suggestions. both reviews and comparisons are necessary to demonstrate sugr cube quality. we have already sent out one working sample for review. after trial build and all the tests finished, we will continue to send out review samples. and please be noted that we also have plan to tune the embedded software (dsp firmware) to further enhance sound quality. i personally don't think it is apple to apple comparison between sugr cube and audioengine a2+, major reasons are: 1. cube and a2+ are different size: 4"x4"x4" vs. 6"x4"x5.25" (a2+ volume is 1.965 times bigger than cube)  2. they are different architecture: cube is with one full range driver, a2+ is with one tweeter + one woofer 3. cube is a stand-alone system with wi-fi receiver, audio decoder, dac and class-d amp; a2+ is a passive speaker with class-ab amp without any other digital logic. thanks again, have a great weekend! cheers, sean@sugr
@joão barbosa thank you. together we will make it!
i´ve got to say, great strech goals. i was thinking in cancel my pledge, as i have all my home covered with airplay and columns that suport that. anyway, your strech goal is what will make the diferrence for sugr. hope you get it!
to all, further professional sound quality check was done. the check was conducted in a bedroom. this is a typical scenario of using sugr cube. the dimensions of bedroom is 3.3m * 4.5m * 2.7m (w * l * h). recording condition list: 1.       professional measurement microphone: behringer ecm-8000 2.       sound card: apogee duet2 3.       computer: apple mac pro 4.       software: adobe audition cs6 5.       temperature: 22℃ 6.       relative humidity: 55% 7.       altitude: 30m 8.       mp3 music files comes from sugr cube flash memory, voice signal comes from bbc radio through wi-fi 9.       record file format: wav, mono, 48khz, 16bit 10.   recording peak level: -2db 11.   eq of sugr cube: off the recording file can be download form sugr web site, url:  http://sugrsugr.com/sugrcubeplaybackbedroom.zip only fade in & out was applied on each music segment by audition cs6. no other filter or effect was applied.  btw, the last sound quality comparison is not professional. the video was recorded by canon digital camera with sony uwp-d11 wireless microphone. so the recording sound quality is not reliable.
just to add another suggestion, the reviews shouldn't just be against bluetooth speakers like jambox and soundlink but also against more conventional desktop speaker brands with small drivers like the audioengine a2+
regarding having sound reviews, i'd suggest that sean sends a prototype unit to this guy. he has conducted a good number of reviews on these portable wireless speakers and posts his findings on youtube and his blog at http://oluvsgadgets.blogspot.co.at/. i'll be very interested to read what he thinks.
thanks a lot for the new colours - i think they're awesome! i've pledged the pair special- can i choose those colours with it or do i have to change my pledge if i would like a black or white one? and will it be possible to get one each?
just like sagar said. this are not reviews. this is the worst thing that happened to the internet and tech writing - copying commercial info about an unknown project who often ends up as vaporware or something below expectations. the tragedy is that well regarded portals start to doing this. i thought that you showed a working prototype on some conferences. why hasn't anybody written anything about the sound anywhere?  the best thing you could do now is to send the best working prototype to a blogger who has plenty of other high quality speakers and beg him to make some comparison of the sound (i know that the app is not ready so this has not to be mentioned). $220 is a lot and without serious arguments i will think twice before the end of the campaign if i should invest.
to be frank sean, none of these are "reviews". it would do a lot of good for this project, if you can get reviews from people who have actually used the prototype versions. i'm not as worried about about the gesture controls as i'm in getting independent reviews of the sound quality. its still not too late, please consider my suggestions
@priam for the sound quality demo, we found that there was recording gain control problem in the initial recording, since sugr cube offers the most loud playback, it caused the recording system overflow on the middle-high frequencies. we are working on 2nd round of recording and will present to all backers soon. we removed the presentation from the project front page, but we still kept it at the update page. sound quality is our priority, if you look at the latest update, sugr cube delivers rich mid-high frequencies, powerful bass performance and extremely low distortion (thd). please stay tuned for the next update for sound quality recording demo. below are the links of the media reviews: 1. mobilegeeks: http://www.mobilegeeks.com/sugr-cube-speakers-apple-action-camera-samsung-z1/ 2. technode: http://technode.com/2015/01/16/gesture-controlled-speaker-sugr-cube-launched-kickstarter/ 3. gadgetrausch: http://www.gadget-rausch.de/2015/01/15/sugr-cube-sozialer-lautsprecher-reagiert-auf-bewegung-und-beruehrung/ enjoy! sean@sugr
and where's the video from the sound test? really? taken down, and from the new one there are only photos? why? does it sound bad or what?
is it possible to get the links to the reviewers that are shown on the home page here? there are a few quotations and multiple sites listed but no links. i would like to read and see some videos of sound comparison and "first look".
@eric thank you for the comments. swiping for playback and volume control is a very nice feature. we will definitely consider it. we plan to make single/double tap reliable and robust first, then try other options. very good idea! please help us to spread the words out, get more backers support sugr cube. :-)
great concept!! :) would ot be posible to add other touch gestures such as swiping to skip a song or return to the last song (as well as tilting) and swiping in another direction to control de volume? i'd love to be able to control the sugr cube almost only with touch gestures, and not having a knob would be great for the design :) (well at least in my opinion)
it is almost there. this is a great addition to any home, office, or living space.
@simonn correction: the a/c power wall adaptor is 9.7v/1.8a. i appologize for the wrong answer in previous comment.
@simonn google play music is on our working list. we do not guarantee shipping with this feature, it could be after shipping software update. we use a/c power wall adaptor: 9v/1.5a. sugr cube will be both fcc and ce certified. thanks!
looks very nice! how likely is google music integration? what kind of charging connector will you use? will the sugrcube be ce certified? cheers
@pixel llc. yes, android app is already planned. will be ready before we ship the product.
will there be an android app?
@daniel daglioglu we can try, but we cannot promise now. i tried to translate it into english with google chrome, after that i did not find any "open api". so could you help me to find out if byte.fm supports open api?
http://www.byte.fm ist great. maybe you can add it.
@rudey simplifying wireless audio experience is our goal. thanks for your support! please help us to spread the word.
as a owner for a bunch of (logitech) squeezebox series and 2 sonos player 1, i'm excited to know this cute invention can do exactly the same but with high portability (it is said to work 7 hours on battery but sonos but with a wire and squeezebox radio with an optional battery pack). i'm looking to your success on ks for fund raising and its delivery to me - can't wait!
@justin b. your case works just as we planned for today: stereo pairing or remote pairing. for more tweaks, we are developing multi-room control: basically you can use the companion app to control each cube in the house. cheers, sean@sugr
how much tweaking can i do with the companion app?  for instance, let's say i get 4:  2 for my living room, 1 for my bedroom, and 1 for my girlfriend across the country.  can i set it so the 2 in my living room are stereo and play in sync with the 1 in my bedroom while i forward songs to my girlfriend's?
@jian we cannot agree with you more. when we design sugr cube, we evaluated the risk of driver damage without cover protection. considering this wi-fi speaker is designed for home use with in-house-portability, we design the user scenarios to be: home office, bedroom, kitchen, studio, etc. so we fully emphasize the iconic design together with its user interaction. build a good product is always about balancing trade-offs, for example cavity size vs. portability, and material vs. price. sugr cube is no exception. the team decided to clearly express the design: an iconic physical music player app. very much appreciate your attention. enjoy music! cheers, sean@sugr
@creator the bare driver may be ok for non-portable speaker.  it is certainly not easy to carry or move sugr cube around without touching and consequently damaging the driver. and don't forget what your curious pets and/or toddlers will do to a grill-less speakers;-) the "physical app" is a good design concept. but a design for product is truly good only when it is also practical.
@jian thanks for the response.  the bose sounded the nicest to me, very nice full mid and highs. i wonder how much of treble is lost because no tweeter?
@jian h sugr cube is designed to be a physical app. so it looks as an app, it performs as an app. we'd keep the speaker driver wide open to express this design.
does any one think that a (removable) grill is very necessary for a portable speaker such as sugr cube？
@sagar shankar  we use custom driver for two reasons: 1. the volume of the cavity 2. the industrial & mechanical design requirements. to achieve such a design that cube looks like an app, we do not allow mounting the driver from outside (using screws). so this limits us from selecting many good drivers. for more color options, we are discussing with the factory for feasibility. cheers, sean@sugr
looks like an exciting project. is there a reason you went with a custom driver instead of well-known (and implemented) full-range drivers like fostex and mark audio? second the requests for more color options!
@ryan  i am not sure about your concern on heavy bass. but bose soundlink mini is actually a very balanced speaker based on its frequency response between 70 to 15khz. as you can see it can not output much below 60hz at all. so people usually do worry about heavy bass from these small speakers because they won't be able to do that anyway ;-) http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-jqtix9vxas0/u9v6jvlprqi/aaaaaaaacja/dxrjtfvo-js/s1600/slmini-sonyx3.jpg
@ryan thank you. we understand your request. and balanced sound is the design goal of sugr cube. since there're requests of both heavy bass and normal bass. we will provide control on app for tuning. so yes, you can adjust bass and treble. there is no jack on sugr cube for headphones. sugr cube is shipped with a/c wall adaptor. normal usb charger is not powerful enough for this device. cheers, sean@sugr
hi i just saw the video of the sound quality tests.  my big request is to not get too bass heavy.  studio monitor speaker like performance i would like which is neutral so can listen to radio where people speak and sounds nice.  can one a just bass and treble?  can you have a jack so can connect headphones?  usb charging?
@daniel daglioglu hi, daniel, i will check with our chief engineer louis then get back to you on sound quality improvement. sugr cube supports charging while listening. thanks, it seems darker wood should be an option. i'll get back to you too after checking with the factory. thanks! sean@sugr
hi sugr, are you going to update the sound test after improving software and hardware as you commented on jian h question? will it be possible to listen to music with the charger pluged in if the battery is low? and darker wood would be great! thanks and regard daniel
@romi wang it is so kind of you. have a nice weekend!
@jian h thank you for the comment. sound quality is our priority. the goal of sugr cube is to deliver crystal clear sound suitable for a whole day listening. i agree with you that we still have room to improve. at this stage, we just finished prototyping. we are going to tune both hardware and software (digital signal processing algorithms) to enhance sound quality.
@ kirsten hoffmann  @joão barbosa @robert erlick we will go to the factory for a discussion next week. stay tuned please.
read about your story from 36kr, very impressive product 加油，期待你们的产品，为了支持专门注册了ks哈哈
@creator your comparison video shows that the sugr cube's sound quality, in my opinion, is apparently a bit worse than bose soundlink mini, especially at the low end of frequency response. the fact that sugr cube's volume is much larger than mini's (i.e. 1213 cm^3 vs. 523 cm^3) suggests that there should be some room for the improvement. we know that sugr cube has many cool features that others don't have. but the sound quality is still the most important feature for a speaker product.
i would like a darker colour - or white - too!
@joão barbosa great to have you on board. please help us to spread the word. once we have enough backers ask for dark finish (i assume at least 500), we can ask the factory to do it. a small quantity may not be accepted by them. same for white units. for the customisable gestures, i believe the double tap and press & hold should be available for customization. i'll need to confirm with our designer. thank you for backing sugr cube. cheers, sean@sugr
hi, another for a darker colour. wengue perhaps? another finish, would it be with white. thos would fit in my house, one white and another dark. gesture costumisation would be great. i´m not a fan of social networks. just let us know which commands could be costumize (supported), or if you are open to ideas for that.
@jchen thank you for backing sugr cube. this is our fault when setting the shipping destination and fee. we apologize for this. we will work out a solution as soon as we can. thank you for helping us on this. we appreciate it. cheers, sugr
hi, sugr team!  great to see another chinese product landed in kickstarter!  and it looks great!  just one small question. why shipping inside china would cost $30 shipping fee but shipping to us cost $0?  shouldn't you give some benefit to chinese backers? if so, i guess you will get more backers from china!   really hope sugr could change the shipping cost to china.  thank you very much sugr team for such a wonderful product!!
@priam you offered great questions, thank you! 1. the "super pair special" pledge is limited to 100 pairs. we do not support one backer for more than a pair. 2. heavy/metal taste of bass performance is not our design goal. sugr cube is designed to deliver balanced sound. that's why we choose the reflect cabinet design rather than using the passive radiator (seen in bose portable bt speakers). sugr cube has strong dsp capabilities, we can provide strong bass with app controlled on/off switch to satisfy different users. for the bonus question, we actually offer a bonus to all our backers: yes we will support stereo paring, when two cube are in the same room.
two important questions: if i'd like to buy 4 pieces can i double my early bird pledge for a pair? how much is the shipping then? the sound comparision shows that the sugr lacks a lot in bas. i have listened to the bose and i own a quality speaker from sinoband (the s350 10w) and it plays wider than bose but with the same punchy bas. can you play any electronic music or dance to check this out? if it is so much less than others i will not want to buy it. and third bonus question: if i play two in the same room is there a possibility to make them stereo?
@fredrik i agree with you. we will consider a darker wood and start discussing with our manufacture partner. you just shared a good idea: gesture customisation. sure we can do that: any user can use sugr cube default gestures. also it is possible to use the companion app to re-define gestures. for example: double tap to skip to next song. we will definitely support this. thank you. cheers, sean@sugr
i'm not sure at the moment but it would be nice to have the option for a darker wood. is it possible to turn of or even better create your own action for the share function (tap and hold)?
@kevert we just update with a video demo on sound quality of sugr cube. please have a look.
@sakata sugr cube supports multi-room. you can use either one smartphone or tablet to control each of the 5 cubes. or any family member can control his or her own. thank you for supporting us. cheers, sugr
hi sugr guys, very good idea and very beautiful product ! i've bought 5 cubes, what if i use them in a family, across among different wireless router but they are connected in lan ?
hi sugr guys, very good idea and very beautiful product ! i've bought 5 cubes, what if i use them in a family,
@kevert hi, kevert, for the first question, sound quality is a subjective matter. we are working on a comparison to demonstrate sugr cube, bose soundlink mini (bluetooth) will be included for benchmarking. we will post as an update as soon as we finish it. for the 2nd questions, we use wi-fi chip from broadcomm, which is used in many top tier smartphones (for example iphone). since audio streaming does not require very high data rate, we tuned the device to stream with proper data rate to reduce power consumption. this is one of the reason we achieved low power consumption for wi-fi speakers. and it is 2.4g radio only. thanks for the pro question, please stay tuned with our updates. cheers, sugr
hi sugr guys,     i like the idea.     how about the audio perfermance if compare to bose mini bluetooth box?     as the description show, it seems it can support 802.11n, so i think the wifi speed can reach    150mbps, could you please also help to tell me what is the wifi frequercy ? 2.4g or 5g? thx
@claus1985 thank you and you had a very good question. the cube cabinet is made of wood and sensitive to extreme temperatures and humidity. and the paper cone in the driver unit is also humidity sensitive. please avoid placing the speaker system in locations subjected to direct sunlight or in humid places, for example bathroom.
hi sugr guys, great idea and great product!  just wanted to ask if it´s possible to also place the cube inside a bathroom?  i would want to set it up there but because of the higher humidity i´m not sure if it be will damaged? thx! :-)
@julie thank you. we both share the love to simplicity, great to meet you. sugr cube has built-in re-chargeable battery. it is lithium ion battery. sugr cube plays at least for 7 hours with a full charge. when shipping, we'll offer a a/c power supply adaptor within the package. enjoy the power of music. --sugr
hi there, i really like the idea of 'touch/tap' the player to change music; it's such an intuitive way of changing music on your speaker, definitely better than finding your phone or your remote for control. just wondering one thing though, the speaker uses aa batteries or a charger? 'cause i don't see any chords dangling everywhere in the video. thank you! :)
@robert erlick understand that. we will consider this requirement. once we have enough similar requirement, for sure we would like to offer the dark options. also we will check with our factory. so please stay tuned.
either would work.  all my audio "stuff" is black or dark wood.  i want the sugar cube to fit in.
@robert erlick  thanks for backing. by asking for a darker finish, would you like a darker kind of wood (for example black walnut) or just dark color finish?
love the idea.  is there a possibility of a darker finish?
