i've had such a poor experience with this speaker.  it never really connected well and always dropped wireless connections via bt or airplay.  i finally gave up and used the speaker for sometime on wired aux connection.  like an ass, i tried the recent fw update hoping that some functionality may be restored and now my paperweight does not even turn on anymore.  can't get anyone from archt audio to even respond.  ridiculous.......
@creator excited and curious about archt mini. wondering if it could pair with the archt one and what would the effect be like? alfred
i too have the same issue as pat.  i need to do an update via usb port first, i cannot do the ota update discussed in the update.
hi guys, do write in to support@dreamaudiolab.com for all customer support needs. we have a dedicated team who will respond on the same day. @pat please write in to support@dreamaudiolab.com as we will provide the solution.
@illan here are the instructions for bluetooth stereo pairing: https://archtaudio.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/214181338-bluetooth-stereo-pairing and our youtube video: https://www.youtube.com/watch…
i tried to update the firmware on my unit per the instructions in update #38. i need to do an update via usb port first, i cannot do the ota update discussed in the update. following the instructions from your website, i am not able to log in or download the firmware to a usb drive. please advise.
i bought (and received) two speakers. thank you. how do i connect them to work together wirelessly? i could not find any instructions on the website.
hi @matthew chan we apologize for any inconvenience caused. we trust that our team member has already resolved your issue and we hope that hope that your archt experience only gets better from here! thank you for your continued support!
hello @sebastien wenske thank you for the info! our archt website has been undergoing changes to make your archt experience an even better one. we appreciate your continued support!
hi @ramsey we're glad that you've enjoyed reimagining sound with your archt one! :) do send in your photos or leave a comment with #lovemyarchtone on our fb page here: https://www.facebook.com/archtaudio to tell us more about your archt experience! thank you for your continued support.
my airplay keeps dropping connection. restarting and full reset helps temporarily but it can't keep a connection longer than about 10-15 mins.  running latest firmware.  archt and laptop are both about 10 feet from apple wifi router.  any suggestions?
there is something wrong with your archtaudio.com domain. seems to be updated today, bur still parked by godaddy.
i am very happy with my red archt one with the stock power cord.  i tried a custom length power cord made of virgin copper construction (from an online shop in singapore) and the quality of sound improved much more!  two thumbs up!!!
hi @alvin tan we are currently checking with our team and will get back to you asap. apologies for the delay once again, thank you for your kind understanding!
hi @ben tan we're glad you've enjoyed reimagining sound with your archt one! :) do contact us at https://archtaudio.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/restricted… and our team member will assist you shortly. thank you!
hi, any news about my turntable? thanks!
wow! i'm completely blown away :) the sound is simply awesome! i've tried to update the firmware of the archt one using the new app but the buttons look dimmed out on my iphone? do you update the firmware wirelessly or via a thumbdrive from the usb port?
same here artur. been using bluetooth, but would like to use wifi with the app on android
hi @colin chapman you can do a wireless connection via wifi, bluetooth or airplay to connect your archt one. check out our quick start guide here: http://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0727/0511/t/2/assets/archt-quick-start-guide-en.pdf… we hope that we've answered your query! do contact us at https://archtaudio.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/restricted… if you still require assistance. thank you!
hi @timothy low you can pair up more than 2 archt ones together! pair two units via bluetooth for left and right stereo, or even up to six units via airplay over your home wifi network. we hope that you enjoy reimagining sound with your archt one!
hi @artur piasecki do contact us at https://archtaudio.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/restricted… and our team member will be able to assist you shortly. apologies for the inconveniences caused and thank you for reaching out to us!
hi @alvin tan do contact us at https://archtaudio.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/restricted… and our team member will assist you shortly. we apologize for the inconveniences caused and we hope that your archt gets well soon!
hi @ben tan we hope that you'll enjoy reimagining sound with your archt one!
hi @anthony shen do contact us at https://archtaudio.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/restricted… and our team member will be able to assist you shortly. thank you for reaching out to us!
do you need air play to use wireless function?
@creator is it possoble to pair up >2 archt ones together? like master-slave-slave?
guys - how can i play music through wifi. i have done all the steps however still cannot figure out how it should work on android. tried the website but is of no help
hi, one of my archt one speaker has fell silent after working fine for a few days (as the slave speaker) it (seems to) connect properly via wifi and bluetooth but there's no sound produced. even all the usual beeps from mode changes and volume changes have stopped. i have performed a reset a few times but still the problem persists. can you please help? many thanks!
just received my white unit in sg via singpost although no tracking info was received in email...
i would  like to know if there is a tracking number for my white unit, or when it will ship.
@derrick hi derrick, do contact us at https://archtaudio.zendesk.com/access/unauthenticated… to get in touch with our team member who will be able to assist you with this matter. thank you!
@alvin tan hi alvin, we're glad that you've received your archt one units and we hope that you enjoy using them! regarding the turntable, we will check with our team and get back to you asap. once again, thank you for your support!
heads up to anyone updating the firmware. the usb you use has to be formatted fat32 in order for it to work.
i downloaded the android app, and tried to follow the instructions to add an archt one.  after connecting my phone wifi to the archt one, i refreshed, and selected  "add archt one", but after the countdown, there was no option to choose archt one or key in a password.
hi! just received both my white archt ones. am i going to get another tracking number for the turntable?? and when will that be delivered??  many thanks! -alvin
@derrick hi derrick! we're proud to announce that the archt one android app is now available on google play. you can search for it on your mobile device or install it here: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details…. thanks for your support!
@mike hannon hi mike, thanks for your comment! rest assured we understand where you’re coming from and apologize for the delay with the units. our team has been working hard on getting them out as soon as possible, so you can be certain that your unit will definitely arrive before the end of july. we really appreciate your support and patience!
how is the android app coming along?
so all along you've been saying that the red and white units would be delivered by the end of june. the update you posted now says july?? i sincerely hope the facebook contest winner won't receive their unit before us backers who have been waiting for a long time....
@richard chen @john dzurenko @mike hannon @teemu uotila @robert @aju thomas hi everyone, thanks for your comments! we have just posted an update regarding tracking information for your archt ones. we appreciate your patience and continued support!
tracking number please..
i would also like to know if there is a tracking number for my white unit, or when it will ship.
i'm also seeking for my tracking number. if you guys did not manage to ship those devices last friday, you really should work on making the process more transparent to your backers...
i'd also like confirmation/tracking for the shipment of my white archt.
also looking for a tracking number on my white unit. it's been a week since you stated they shipped....
bump *
how/when will we receive tracking information for the white archt's shipped friday?
@jason van genderen hi jason, so sorry for the inconvenience caused. we'll look into the matter and get back to you asap. thank you for your patience!
guys i've messaged a couple of times but still no wiser on where my black unit is at? i was told it would definitely arrive here in australia by mid june, that's come and gone. i still have no tracking advice either. help!
hi @apogez, thanks for your comment! i have sent you a pm with details on your archt one.
hi @richard chen. thank you for your patience for your archt one. we trust the wait will be worth it. all kickstarter backers will receive their archt one's by end june - prior to the end of our facebook contest.
hi, just wanted to check if all black unit have been shipped? i have neither receive my unit nor notification on the shipment. thanks
hey @ramsey, they're giving out free archt one's yet the white and red units have to wait. i was a early bird backer, but i'm still waiting. had i known that i would wait this much longer, i would have selected a black version. thumbs down on the lack of transparency.
@ramsey - the red units will be delivered to your doorstep by the end of june. once the units are shipped out, we will update each individual backer with the tracking number and exact delivery date. thanks for your patience and support!
@derrick - thanks for the kind words! we're really excited as well; do let us know what you think after the release!
hi!  please advise ship status on the red units.  thank you.
nice to know about the android release!
@michael - glad you are loving your archt! the android app is under development and we expect it to be released mid june! we will send out a kickstarter update once it has been completed. in the meantime - if you want the chance to win a free archt one speaker (black), you can enter our contest here: http://thegreatarchtgiveaway.pgtb.me/vzzszs good luck, the archt team
hi creators, love the archt! awesome sound. i know this was only offered with ios app, but would love to know if you have any plans for an android version and maybe even a timeline? thanks, michael
@richard chen - yes! the white units have been on the production line for 2 weeks now. we are shipping them as they complete and yours will be delivered to your doorstep by end june. thanks again for your patience. the archt team
any updated on the white archts?
@mark tomaszewski - we received your email, glad the problem has been resolved. do let us know once you have your archt one up and running and what you think of it! the archt team
@michael b. yes! the warranty page is up and running on our website. you can visit the below link to fill in your details. http://www.archtaudio.com/pages/warranty the archt team
@jason van genderen, apologies for the delay! we've sent you a dm to help resolve your issue asap. best regards, the archt team
hi @timothy low, @colin chapman, @gregory wong! apologies there have been some confusion to filling out the warranty. the serial number is on the bottom of your archt one and will be in the format of h151archtonexxxxx (x's being your unique serial number). if you did not receive an invoice with your kickstarter shipment, then please leave that section blank. the archt team
dear team , quick question, i am having problems locating an invoice for warranty registration. how does one get a copy?
same here. where is the serial number, and i don't think we have an invoice number?
hi, can you tell me where the serial number is located? there are 2 numbers on the base, but neither of them are in the format xxx-xxx-xxx
i got an invitation to sing the warrancy. but i don't understand how to complete the form since i did not receive the archt and don't have the serialnumber etc??
3rd attempt... i'm in australia and still haven't received my black unit yet. apart from repeatedly posting questions here (that to date haven't been answered once) i'm not sure what to do. c'mon guys - i was one of your early backers!
is the warranty page ready yet ????
when is android app coming out? received email about apple app available now..i was able to download weeks ago on a friends apple phone
oops nevermind, i misread that it's in june.  anyways, would love to see pics.
nice that you're sending out the white units now.  do you have real life pics of them, for my interest?
hi guys - i've posted here twice before and had no reply yet? i ordered a black unit but have heard nothing yet re: delivery for us here in australia? it seems most black units shipped many weeks ago?
it's been five days since your last comment to me. what do you mean by shortly someone will get in touch with me?
we are wondering about our order. i tried to respond to your inquiry back in january but am not sure that was received by you....and have not heard anything since.
@mike hannon, as soon as we have a timeframe in mind our backers will be the first to know. thank you!
ok thanks. looking forward to it. when do you expect you'll be able to provide us an update on the eta for the white units??
@mike hannon, if you switched to a black unit now, your order will not be fulfilled until the white archt one backer units are sent so it will only delay the unit being sent to you even further. we suggest waiting for the white unit. thanks for your patience! (we promise it's well worth the wait!)
if i ordered a white unit but don't want to wait any more can i switch to a black unit?
@douglas gillespie, you can download the app here: http://ow.ly/mbjnh. happy optimizing!
@derrick, there is only an ios app available at this time.
@rha, thanks for the update. if you encounter any additional issues please reach out to support@dreamaudiolab.com.
@mark tomaszewski, we sincerely apologize for the mixup. someone from the shipping team confirmed with me today that they will be in touch with you shortly about sending a new power cord to you. thanks for your support!
@rha, where do you find the "pilot" app in the app store?
was there going to be an android app?
i advise you all to use "pilot" app for ios - it allows to control itunes on the computer in similar way like sending the music from iphone/ipad, but with no typical problems. usually, when one use air play, iphone/ipad sends the stream to wi-fi access point or router, then it is resent to archt one. i found there are problems with air play stability. i tried to use bluetooth and it was more stable, but it transmitted all other sounds too, like key presses for instance. and receiving a call caused the music to stop. using "pilot" and itunes prooved to be perfect solution. (at least for me.)
i didn't email you. i commented on this page about getting the wrong stuff and you responded on this page that somebody would get in touch with me. i never said i emailed you! i asked how you were supposed to get in touch with me as you said somebody would! now your telling me to get in touch with support. have you lost my information? my address, phone number and email have not changed.
@vidya, glad to hear you've found the app and already trying it out!
@mark tomaszewski, we apologize but we have no record of your email to us. please send another email to support@dreamaudiolab.com and we will expedite a new cord to you.
@earleen smith, we're so glad to hear you're enjoying the sounds of archt one. it was a labor of love! we will be sure to keep you on our list for any company updates :)
@bruce, this video should help https://www.youtube.com/watch….
just found the ios app and finished wifi/airplay setup (was using bluetooth before), so now i'm enjoying spotify on the archt! just a note for anyone who's still having trouble with wifi setup, i kept getting an error when trying to set up the archt as an airplay speaker until i remembered that i had mac filtering set up on my network (we don't add new devices often, so this isn't much of an issue). once i added the archt's mac address to my network, it paired just fine. :)
i got wrong power cord or entire archt  (depending on voltage?) is wrong model and you responded that your sales department would get in touch with me soon. that was eight days ago and i haven't heard from anybody yet. how were you going to get in touch with me - phone or email? i'm a surgical tech and can't answer my phone for most of the day (sterile scrubbed in a case). what next? when? how?
i have had my black archt one for a while now, and i just want to tell you how happy i am with it! it was well worth any small delays to have a quality speaker now. great job, team! i hope my name is on some list where you can notify me of anything else you invent. best, earleen
cant find on info page how do you hook up two speakers using wifi airplay? thanks for info in warranty
@bruce, we are still finalizing the page and will let you know once it is live.
@craig matheson, looks like you ordered a black archt one unit and we're so glad to hear that you're enjoying the sounds!
@erik tan, white units are still being manufactured and we will let you know once we have a better timeline for shipping.
@sojourn and @morry zelcovitch, stay tuned for the official announcement!
any info on warranty registration?
for all those waiting for the white archt one's, i can tell you all right now they are well worth the wait. what a sound. fantastic.
any updates on white???
@sojoum, sorry for the misspell;)
@sorjourn, many thanks;)
the app functions as "automatic room optimizer and a manual graphic equalizer control". i'd like it to help keep a wireless connection (wifi or bt) on - it often turns off and one has to initiate the connection manually again and again. something like automatic reconnect is needed.
i just found an archt app on the app store for ios. just mentioning.
@colin chapman, glad to hear you're enjoying your archt one!
@robert, no updates on the white units at this time but we will keep you posted. thanks for your patience!
@aston chew, we understand your concerns but apple's approval is a lengthy process. we will let you know as soon as we have an update on the app.
@jason van genderen, units are still being distributed worldwide. we can't wait for you to try it out. thank you for your patience!
@jason. i'm in sa and have mine. well worth the wait mate!
any new news on the white units?
need the archt one ios app. it's been too long since you mentioned it's been submitted to apple. it shouldn't take that long.
hi guys, i haven't received my unit in australia yet - has this region been shipped?
@roland voon, so glad to hear you're enjoying the sweet sounds of archt one. it's never too late to pre-order another speaker http://ow.ly/ls7cl
roland voon about 6 hours ago happy to have backed this product. sound is probably the best i have heard from a wireless speaker and this is comparing with b & w, geneva, marshall etc. regret not grabbing two and have them work together. ------------------------------------ archt one is not quite wireless - to be pedantic. it is tethered to mains power in order to power it up. it is capable of receiving wireless signals via bluetooth and wifi, but wireless means no mains power connections - that is, battery or solar power.
happy to have backed this product.  sound is probably the best i have heard from a wireless speaker and this is comparing with b & w, geneva, marshall etc.  regret not grabbing two and have them work together.
@kokobin, sorry to hear about the additional delivery costs but they were well out of our control. hope you're enjoying the sounds of archt one!
@mark tomaszewski, we're so sorry for the mixup! we have sent your request to the shipping team and someone will be in touch soon.
@sundance digiovanni, apologies for the delayed response. a member of the team has followed up with you directly and we are working to update you on the time frame for distributing the orbit turntable. thank you for your patience!
received my fed express bill for £29. from experience, i expected it but  hoped it would not arrive/be overlooked.
i received my speaker in the usa but did not get a plug for this country. i got two round metal prongs about an inch apart. can i get the proper power cord?
have asked via email and support links with no response so i suppose unwell ask here now. i pledged at the black friday level and have yet to received any info on when the orbit turntable will ship. all i'm asking for is a date sony can plan accordingly. thanks in advance. the speakers are solid and i'm excited for the app to pass cert.
@sebastien wenske, hope you're enjoying the sweet sounds of archt one! sorry to hear about the large duty you had to pay for the unit but it was legally required for delivery and we had no control over it.
@ramsey chan,  sounds great!
hi, i received my archt one last week, it works fine as expected. i use airaudio under android to stream to the archt ou the twister app. by the way, fedex sent me a bill about duties and taxes in the amount of 51,40€ o_o
@creator, thank you for your feedback.  will do as suggested.
@ramsey chan,  please contact support@dreamaudiolab.com and a representative will be in touch about your request regarding the engraving of your red archt one.
@morry zelcovitch,  the archt one app is going through approvals in the app store but you can connect to the speaker using bluetooth and wi-fi at this time. we will keep you updated once the app is available. thanks for your patience.
hi!  could i not have the engraving done on my red archt that i selected?
news? (why cant you edit posts;()
@creator, any new on the app?
@brenton wienkes, our sincerest apologies for the delay in getting back to you. i am following up with your request directly and we will be in touch.
@timothy low, we're so sorry to hear that and apologize for the mix up. please send an email to support@dreamaudiolab.com and a representative will be in touch.
@vadim, european plugs sold in europe are compatible with the archt one. if streaming is done via wi-fi, and more bass is required, multiple units are recommended to be played at the same time. this can be done through ariplay via itunes. select “multiple” on airplay menu after archt one had been connected to your home network. however, if it is wired via aux input on the archt one, a y connector is needed.
i'very been trying to get an issue resolved where my archt one no longer works, it was plugged in and connected to wifi and now all it does is flash red for the wifi and bluetooth lights for a second when the play button is held. pushing or holding any other buttons has no effect and device doesnt reset. the device cannot be connected to at all. shouldn't have been power surge as it was on surge protector and cheaper devices that were on it didn't get hit unless the archt is super sensitive. personally i think the heat caused some issues as it ran fairly hot. i tried emailing support but after they asked a few questions they stopped responding and it has been over a week since i've heard anything, and with no warrenty page yet i have no place to go to get this fixed. any help would be greatly appreciated as its an expensive paper weight at the moment, but i did enjoy the 3 hours of use i got out of it and want to have that sound back.
@creator i opened my other archt one. to my horror, the 1st archt one has us type a plug, and the 2nd archt one has the uk type g plug which we need for singapore - definitely some mix up during the delivery process! are you guys able send just the uk power cable over?
@creator i got it. missed out on the 4th step.
i followed the instructions at the url below. the bluetooth icon is blinking blue/red in my archt one, but none of my phones can discover it. https://archtaudio.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/205175867-cannot-pair-device-on-bluetooth
@creator i got the us type a plugs instead of the expected type g plugs. was there a mix up in the delivery? http://www.worldstandards.eu/electricity/plugs-and-sockets/
if you allow, just a few more questions.  but first of all - thank you! fantastic! i had a chance to compare to my sound system with sub-boofer. well, you overplayed it for sure! very clear sound, very! even in another room it won't become any worse - that is an achievment! now i wish i ordered 4, not 2 (so that i could give 2 as a present - perfect one). so now questions: 1) can i buy another cable (with european plug) and use it? is it safe? for instance, to my nonprofessional view a cabe from sony ps3 seems the same. could you please check for me if it will do fine? 2) i love basses and they are really clear with your speaker but what if i want to add more of them (make them dominate over treble), cause in hiphop music i lack a bit of those?
hi! just received both archts but haven't tested yet, just wanted to ask (could not find an answer in the comments (till nov.2014) - were all of them supposed to be supplied with uk standard plug? weren't you going to send it with european plugs as well?
@creator i received both my archt ones, but it didn't come with the uk plugs for singapore!
@clarence ng, we're so glad to hear you're enjoying the sounds of archt one. be sure to share any pictures and videos with us using #lovemyarchtone
finally received my unit after months of waiting. the sound is truly awesome with such clarity and balance. well worth the wait! i am only using it via bluetooth for the time being. they shd really look into making a home entertainment system with the underlying engine. it certainly beats sonos when it comes to sound quality.
@franky fan, apologies for the delay in getting back to you. if the intent is use your own dac and it supports usb output, you can use the usb digital input on the archt one. archt one is built for both streaming via wi-fi and bluetooth. to get the best audio out of your archt one, we suggest using wi-fi.
@edwin loneza, that's certainly something for us to consider on the next version of the app.
@movie kang, you're always thinking ahead and we appreciate it. great to hear that you're enjoying the sounds of archt one :) the app will allow you to control playback of music directly on the archt one. the ios app uses a location-based optimization sensor to calibrate the speaker based on its environment so it will map out a room based on the furnishings and materials in it. information is then sent to the archt one allowing it to adjust its equalization settings to produce the best sound quality for its current surroundings. so whether listening to music in a living room or out by the pool, you will be able to calibrate the archt one to your environment to have the optimal listening experience.
@mark newman, perfect! we'll keep you posted once the app is live!
@derrick, it is not advisable to move the speaker using the sound array ring.
@kokobin, glad to hear! be sure to share images and videos of your archt one with us using #lovemyarchtone. we'll sure keep your suggestions in mind for our next model. thanks for sending those along!
@jiri krpalek, glad you're enjoying it! the black archt one's unit has a cool gray sound array while the white unit has a silver sound array. we apologize if you were led to believe it was a chrome finish. the warranty page is currently being finalized and as soon as it is live we will let you know. thanks for your support!
for archt 2: dc in input for true wireless experience carry handle stand alone remote (should fit in key ring) custom speaker stand
got mine in hong kong. great sound~ i was using bose mini soundlink. the bass of archt one is extraordinary. love the omni-directional experience~ it would be great for surround sound with two archt one probably~ for home system, if i use archt one aux input, would it make use of my own dac instead of the archt one's dac? i know it might be a strange way to use archt one, which is suppose to be a bluetooth all in one speaker. i am just curious about it.
can you include anti-theft feature in the app?
@creator i'm really enjoying the archtone.  can we talk about the app?  will the app have only room optimization feature?  what exactly will the app do to enhance the archtone experience?
got mine, sounds great, can't wait for the app
@gregory wong,  so glad to hear you like it! be sure to share your pictures and videos with us using #lovemyarchtone. p.s. you probably should invite your neighbor over too to enjoy the immersive sounds!
@movie kang, we will certainly keep you posted on what's in store in the near future!
is it safe to pick up move the speaker using the outer gray ring?
got mine yesterday here in uk. greeeaat sound!!!  however, not buying another one for $599.
hello yesterday i recieved the archt. looks great, just a little disapointed that the ring where the volume buttons are located is not in chrome finish. with grey color the archt does not look like a 600 $ subsystem. sound is really awesome, great work!!!! i have a question the url " http://www.archtaudio.com/warranty " for registering warranty does not work, how can i register the warranty.
dear archt audio team my unit just arrived thank you. hooked it up quick and fussless, worked like a charm. sounds brilliant and handles both highs and lows very competently. sound imaging was even more apparent when you cranked it up. sadly now my neighbor hates me... excellent product can't wait for the next project.
@edwin, great, you can still get one more :) http://ow.ly/kt0v4
@keith, that's great that you've been enjoying the sounds of archt one. please send an email to support@dreamaudiolab.com and your questions will be addressed.
@hari and @harvey, so glad to hear how much you like archt one and your interest in getting another one. it's never too late to pre-order http://ow.ly/kt0v4 :)
what is the next step for archt one? where does it go from here? will there be other models? was this a one speaker wonder? curious.
we want another one!!!
dear archt audio team, congrats to a fantastic device - it's really remarkable! not only the strong deep frequency range, but also the crisp and clean higher ones. also great job on that room-filling sound - it's really great! one question that i stumbled across whilst hooking it up to my samsung-tv (yeah, one of those models that's not capable of routing hdmi-in sound to the head-phone jack, what a st.... design!) was the aux-in capabilities of the archtone. if stumbled across a simple spdif to 3.5mm 'adapterplug' (+- $1,-), and was wondering if the archt could be made aware of digital signals on the aux-port (in a future version?)? something like 'if only one channel is active assume digital in' rather than having to convert the signal externally to analog and then shove it through a dsp ;) anyhow, just an idea, no complaint! again, fantastic product! keith
me too! my regret is that i din`t buy another one : )
guys amazing product, the sound quality is amazing and rather impressive. the packaging made it look a lot more expensive. will the app allow you to customise the bass and the treble. my only regret is that i din`t buy another one :)
@derrick, the archt one stays on all the time but goes into low power consumption mode when not in use. as long as its used once a month, this will always be the case. if it is not used in more than a month, archt one will actually go to full sleep. you can unplug archt one or turn off the electric power switch if you want the unit to completely shut down when you're not using it.
how do i know that it has gone into standby mode?  i feel underneath, and it's very warm, and i had nothing playing on it overnight.
@sean, so glad you like it! hahaha, enjoy :)
@michael, our omnidirectional sound is quite impressive. so glad you (and your roommate) like the archt one. be sure to share your pictures and videos with us using #lovemyarchtone
just recieved mine and wow it is awesome. now i have to get rid of my soundbar....
i got mine 2 days ago, set it up and started streaming spotify over it. i have it set up in my living room along with my surround system for my tv, my roommate came home and said "is all that sound coming from just that!?" that comment made it worth the purchase
@steve, @movie thanks for helping with responses. it's fantastic to have awesome backers like you guys. added a section on using airplay in our technical support page. keep the feedback and suggestions coming. #lovemyarchtone.
i just wanted to say that the new faq site is great and there is a customer forum section that i suggest everyone take a look at.  for example, i just posted a new feature request. you guys are sure running a great company!! congratulations!!!
by the way archt audio, as i'm writing this late at night on the east coast, usa, you may want to take the directions that i put in my last post, make them sound a lot better, and post them as a new update. this will save you a lot of time from explaining yourself over and over again. i'm just a happy fan of yours trying to help out.
i have an iphone 6 plus and it worked perfectly with wi-fi and airplay. people just need to follow your simple instructions that were given in the box ... they will work. what i think needs to be clarified is that once you go onto the wireless settings, you will notice that the speaker name appears lower down on the screen under airplay; then you click that and it will say it has been paired. then you go back to your normal wifi. then turn on a song in music. you then slide up from the bottom of the screen, and on the bar that says airdrop ... will now also have airplay on it. you touch that and it will show the iphone speaker and the archt audio speaker. obviously you touch archt audio, and magic happens... i hope that helps everyone. i am astounded at the amount of tight base that is coming from the unit. fantastic. i look forward to the ios app to help the sound stage, as you say it does, as i'm anxious to see what it will actually do to make it better than it already is!!  congratulations!!!!!!! steven landau
sorry for the double post! i absolutely love the unit! but i'm a couple of years away from an iphone!
any chance you guys will be working on android functionality?
@jacob solomon, either bluetooth or wireless should work just as well for you so it's really all about your preference. if you still have issues, shoot us an email.  so glad to hear you're enjoying archt one. we'll keep you updated once the app is live and ready for optimization!
@dag henrik bråtane, it makes listening so effortless and we're so ecstatic that you like it. be sure to share your archt one story with us on social media using #lovemyarchtone.
arrived today and after trying with wifi and getting frustrated i gave up and switched to bluetooth, no problem.  instructions are a little over-simplified in my opinion, and the light color ink makes them very difficult to read.  overall very happy with the sound but, like others, am looking forward to the app to see what they're really capable of. have already found an inconsistency in function.  when playing sound from an ios device the volume controls on the device control the full range of the volume.  however, when paired to a computer the volume control on the computer only controls a narrow range of the total volume (kind of like a fine tune) and the archt one controls the much wider range of the sound.  hopefully you can fix this so volume control on the computer performs exactly the same as on an ios device.  using an imac 21.5 running osx 10.10.2 thanks!
@archt audio  thanks, video was good, i only have the one unit so i'm pretty sure i had the unit in pairing mode but will try again...just enjoying the wireless mode right now.. i guess the bluetooth mode would only be necessary if i was outside my wireless network anyway? the sound as a number of people have mentioned is crystal clear and i cant wait to optimize it for the room and get it cranked up :)
i received mine in norway yesterday. this was really something! the sound is clear, open, friendly to my ears, and very very enjoyable. after i have listened to one song or video, i just want to listen to another song or video. and it looks great too. thanks for making this excellent product.
@jacob, check out this video that may help http://ow.ly/kklxm. if you're still having issues connecting, please email support@dreamaudiolab.com.
sounds amazing! connected wirelessly with no issues but bluetooth was unsuccessful? archt was on bluetooth mode but iphone 6 did not show it as a device.
thank you! will do!
@raja indra putra, wonderful! so glad you like it!
@lawrence sumiller, perfect! be sure to post a picture with it and use the hashtag #lovemyarchtone. we want to be a part of your homecoming expereince :)
@douglas ong, units are being shipped to singapore via sea then delivered by land. you should receive the unit by the first week of april. thank you for your patience!
@colin chapman, yes, you will just need an adapter for the power plug.
@vidya, please send any technical questions to support@dreamaudiolab.com and it will be addressed. thanks for helping out your fellow backer @movie kang. you're a true team player :)
@movie kang, we're so pleased to hear that you love the speaker. it was a labor of love and we thank you for your unwavering support. we'll be sure to keep portability in mind :) the red units were a limited-time only purchase for kickstarter so unfortunately they are not available for future purchase.
@bruce, thank you for all the kind words! be sure to share your experience on social media using #lovemyarchtone
@joshua tai, it sure does! hope you're enjoying it :)
@muruga nathan, so glad to hear you're hooked! the sound can be quite addictive :) we will keep you posted once the app is available on the app store.
@roberto r, the archt one is going through approvals in the app store but you can connect to the speaker using bluetooth and wi-fi at this time. we will keep you updated once the app is available. thanks for your patience.
just got it today. sounds great!
nevermind it's on the fedex truck already. can't wait !
need to wait 2 days even though the fedex office is only 10 minutes away from me. is there a possibility to pick it up?
hi.  received email for contact verification on 11 march and responded on the same day.  just wondering when might shipping be arranged and tracking number issued accordingly.  my location is singapore.
hi. just taken delivery. looks all good, but can you tell me what the input voltage is? also, the power cord should be applicable to the country of use (australia)
as far as i know you can connect only one device at a time via bluetooth. given that, i was able to connect my macbook, iphone and android phones to the archt without any issue at all. although when i did connect archt to the my macbook, i had to select the output device under system preferences since the macbook was also connected to a speaker on my external monitor.
@movie kang thanks! 0000 didn't work, i'm afraid. i also tried 1111 and 1234. the message i get is "error occurred during the registration process. please try to register again." on another note, i was successful pairing the archt with my computer, but when i tried playing a video, no sound came out. i expect i'm going to have a little more fiddling to do there).
vidya, i have it connected to my tablet and my phone.  so yes to your question about connecting through to other devices.
vidya, try 0000
oh, also, is there a pair code for certain bt devices? my ps3 is asking for one.
sounds great !!!! i can't wait for the android app. has anyone else tried to register their's ? cause that part of the site is giving me a 414 error.
whoohoo! it works! this is awesome! another question: can it pair with multiple devices, and switch based on which one's playing? ideally, i want to connect it to my tv, but until i figure out exactly how to do that, i'd like to connect it via bluetooth to my ps3 and my htpc, so any media rendering from there will play through the speaker.
that's good to know. i'll test it on a different strip.
vidya, it does work on a powerstrip.  i watched 3 movies on netflix, with the archt one connected to my smart tv via optical audio out, while plugged into a powerstrip.  you may need to get a new powerstrip.  enjoy.
hmmm, my archt isn't powering on, actually. but i'm using a power strip. does the archt need to be plugged directly into the wall? if that's the case, i may need to rethink my placement of it - at the moment, i have very few exposed wall outlets (most of my devices are on power strips).
@movie kang thanks! i wasn't sure if that would plug into the optical out jack (this is the first time i've tried plugging additional speakers into the tv)
vidya, use an auxiliary cable for optical out. http://www.amazon.com/dp/b00r0a5sy6…
so, ipicked up my speaker today! it looks awesome! debating where to put it toshow it off properly. quick question, though. i have a non-smart tv that i'd like to hook up to the archt (in the living room, pretty much all my audio goes through the tv). what options do i have for this? the tv does have an optical out jack (i'm not entirely certain what cable to get for that). i'd also be open to using a bluetooth adapter/transmitter to give the tv bluetooth connectivity. any ideas? and in the meantime, i'm going to finish setting this up, and listen to a bit of music from my phone. :)
this speaker is simply amazing.  it as crisp clear sound.  it articulates the base very well.  i cranked up the sound and it just delivers magnificently.  paired with all of my bluetooth devices accept my samsung smart tv.  you guys have truly outdone yourselves.  in the next speaker that you develop, you must develop a battery that allows portability beyond an outlet.  video forthcoming.
great job! great sound! great look! fantastic packaging! thanks for the expedited shipping!
mine also required an indirect signature, so i missed it the first day while i was at work. which is okay by me, not really sure i want something this expensive just setting out on my front steps. took one day longer to receive, but well worth it. this thing pumps out some serious sound.
hooked up my archt via bluetooth and i am hooked!! just looking forward for that app to complete the package.
just got my archt one. sounds amazing and looks great. just can find the app. is it available?
will it be possible for backers to purchase a red unit at a later date?
looks like i missed it (the notice they left said that signature was required). i can either pick it up tomorrow or they'll redeliver on monday. i guess it's a good thing - it's raining today, and while it shouldn't get wet near my door, it's probably better to minimize the chance of rain.
@vidya, looks like you're about to get our favorite new device today :) no, the package does not require a signature to be dropped off so you should be fine meeting your friend. thank you!
just got my archt one!! while i was trying to set it up for airplay from my iphone, it doesn't show me the app to download. is there a direct link that i can use to download the app?
i feel stupid i wasn't at home when my archt one got here have to go pick it up -_-
@ramsey chen, quality is important to us and the archt audio team wanted to ensure that we got the color correct on the red archt one units. these units are currently in production along with the white archt one units and as soon as we have an update on shipping, we will let you know. thank you for your patience.
@morry zelcovitch, we certainly will! enjoy your archt one :)
oh wow! my tracking says it's already out for delivery! i wasn't expecting it till monday. quick question: does the package require a signature to be dropped off? i'm supposed to meet a friend this afternoon, but i've had some issues with some of the delivery people in my area in the past, and i think i'd rather be here when it arrives (and fedex is the shipping company i haven't been able to properly pinpoint what time of day it usually arrives)
hi!  please advise when would shipping of the red archt one starts?
thankyou and please keep me on your mailing list, i want to be up to date on everything you do;!)
@morry zelcovitch, yay! we're so excited to hear that you're enjoying it :) thanks for being such a wonderful supporter no, the archt one will automatically go into sleep mode so it doesn't stay on all the time.
i got my archt one and it rocks, big time!!! i do have a quick question though, i do not see an off button anywhere;) does it stay on all the time? thanks
@martin, we're sorry you're being charged import duties but the requirement is that if there is a transaction that takes place, the buyer is liable for the duties and taxes owed on the product based on the rate you paid for archt one through the kickstarter campaign.
@vidya, great! we're excited for you to try it out :)
me too....problem is i'm getting charged import duties....that's not expected or nice.....
whoo!!! i got my tracking number!!!
@lawrence sumiller, fedex is preparing the shipments and will send out tracking numbers as they are available. if you do not receive your tracking number by march 20, please send us a kickstarter message and we will check on your shipment. thank you!
@colin chapman, thanks for reaching out. no, we will be shipping archt one units from china.
haven't receive my tracking number yet. is it still in preparation?
hi, living in australia, i'm wondering if you will be shipping from singapore?
@movie kang, perfect! we can't wait for you to get it in your hands :) thanks for your patience with us!
@alex hartoto, you ordered a white archt one unit and those units are being manufactured in our factory at this time. you will be sent an email about shipping details as soon as we have an update for your unit. thank you for your patience!
@morry zelcovitch, great! we can't wait for you to try it out! the app is currently going through approvals in the app store and we will keep you updated once it is launched. thank you for your unwavering support! :)
i received my tracking number.  great feeling :)
i'm very excited when i heard the shipping had begun. i'm still waiting for the email though :)
i just got notice my speaker is on its way!!! yippee!!! one question, when will the app be released? thanks in advance and i cant wait to get it!!!
@kenichiro hashimoto, perfect, thanks for the update! we can't wait for you to try out your archt one!
@robert,  the white archt one units are currently being manufactured so they are not being shipped at this time. backers who ordered a white unit will be sent an email about shipping details as soon as we have an update. thank you for your patience!
@richard chen, yes, you will be able to update your address. please change it as soon as you can and also send us a message on kickstarter to let us know that it has been updated in the survey so we can ensure our shipping team is aware. thank you!
i received an email with tracking number from fedex! can't wait <3
i still haven't received an email.
i have moved since i have backed the project and submitted my address. when you are ready to ship the white archt one will i be able to update my address?
@koen van schie, backers who ordered a white archt one unit will be sent an email about shipping details when the white units are ready to be shipped. the white units are currently being manufactured at the factory and we will update you on a time frame for shipping soon. thank you for your patience!
@move kang, great, thanks for the update!
@nathan, you're very welcome!
hello - i have not received the email regarding shipment. could you re-send it?
i recieved the email and have responded accordingly.  thank you.
awesome. thanks for the update!
@movie kang, you should have received an email yesterday. if not, please let us know and we will email you again.
@franky fan, thanks for providing your phone number to us! the dimensions of the gift box is: - 500 mm x 245 mm x 260 mm and 4.75 kg
@nathan, white units are being built by the factory now. there was some delay because the finish quality was not acceptable and we want to provide the highest-quality product to you. once we have evaluated and completed the white units, we will begin shipping. at this time we do not have a date range for shipping but will certainly keep you updated. thank you for your patience.
waiting on my email.  :)
yes, i got the email and i have replied my phone no. for the shipment. btw, what would be the dimension for the gift box? i need this info for the forwarding service. thank you!
how has all of this affected the white version's delivery?  is there an estimated date range for those?
@franky fan, no, the shipment time frame will be about the same. you should have received an email from evan foo, archt audio's ceo. please respond promptly and we will get your unit to you as soon as possible.
will i be able to receive archt one earlier if i use international shipping?
@koen, thanks for your question. it's an analog input.
hello - i was wondering if the aux 3,5mm input is optical or analogue?
@zhiwey, thank you for your support and backing of archt one on kickstarter. we have faced delays in shipping due to product updates in production as well as other factors outside of our control which have backlogged units being shipped. we are doing the best we can to get confirmation on timing as soon as possible and are looking for alternative shipment options as well. as soon as we have more concrete details and estimates for shipping we will provide an update. we apologize for the inconvenience and appreciate you reaching out to us and for your continued support.
hi, what is the latest update?  is there no other modes of delivery available?  it is really frustrating for the backers who put their hopes and trust..yet not receiving any good reassuring information.
@franky fan, we apologize for the extra shipping cost you have incurred. units being shipped to the u.s. are affected by the port issue as there is a shipping backlog. we are working to address this issue and as soon as we have a better timeline we will let you know. we do not want to give you an inaccurate time frame for shipping units until we know more. thank you for your patience.
@kghxkgh,  in general, shipping by sea costs archt audio more than us$75. air shipping will cost us two to three times more than that. these shipping rates are the best rates available given the size and weight of the archt one unit. we're trying our best to get your unit to you as soon as possible.
because i believe the shipping date is feb, i have applied to forwarding service to my country dated in feb. the delay has costed me some extra shipping cost due to the delay... i am using an us address so that the port issue shouldn't be a problem, am i right? i wish the team can announce an updated schedule about the shipping date. even its uncertain, its better to know its uncertain than being uncertain about the uncertainty.
i see the update about port strikes and read recently about the problems in us but for 75$ postage i dont expect the delivery to be sent by sea. i could understand if you are waiting on some stock item but in the update you say you are ready to ship.
nothing yet x 2....
nope nothing
c'mon guys.  has any archt one's been shipped?  are any tracking numbers available?  i went to the facebook? can you update us on the delivery status please?
despite completing the survey in january,  still no shipping information. anyone has received the speakers?
has any archt one's shipped?
@morry, and we can't wait to get it in your hands!
hi archt, i'm excited to get it;) many thanks
@christopher, the archt one app is being finalized at this time so it is not yet available for download. all of our backers will be notified once the app is live so stay tuned!
@morry, thanks for being a super early backer. we have everything that we need from you at this time. we're excited about shipping your archt one to you!
@gregory, we're checking on your request and will send you an update soon. every country has different restrictions on 'gifts' so we want to ensure we provide you with the most accurate information.
@alvin, we're following up with the shipping team on your question and will keep you updated.
hi, where and when can we download the archt audio app? is it just me who can't find it? thanks
can you please confirm for me that you have everything you need from me to ship? i'm a "super early" order and want to make sure there are no unnecessary delays thanks morry
hey team please let me know if you can tag the shipment as a gift, else i am very sure i will be slapped by an import sales tax. major bummer! regards
hi, you mentioned previously that you'll make sure that it'll work for me. will you be shipping my reward (black friday audiophile reward) with a frequency converter to allow the orbit to work in europe? looking forward to your reply.
@vidya, thanks vidya! we appreciate the enthusiasm :)
i posted my wish for archt integration on neeo's uservote website here: http://my.neeo.com/forums/281574-ideas/suggestions/7087945-archt-one-integration
thanks for the update! i hope to hear about archt and neeo working together in the future (i know neeo can communicate via bluetooth, although i don't think it handles airplay yet).
@gregory, for singapore shipments archt audio will be clearing customs on the product so there should be no issues for you.
@franky, we're excited about getting your archt one unit to you! we will have tracking numbers for u.s. shipments in the very near future and once your tracking number is available we will send it directly to you. stay tuned!
@vadim, apologies for the delay in getting back to you. we are currently following up on your inquiry and will keep you updated on whether your shipment can be marked as a present.
@alvin, the orbit's motor is tied directly to the ac line frequency and designed for 60hz mains frequency; it is currently only for the us market.
@vidya and @alfred, apologies for the delay in getting back to you. the archt one team has not yet tested the neeo remote. it is unlikely that archt one is currently compatible, but the great thing about our audio system and neeo is that we could be in the future.
hey archt team would you be able to provide tax efficient invoices when shipping? don't want any complications with customs. regards greg
@ creator any follow up to vidya's question on the 28th jan re: compatibility with neeo ? the deadline for it is looming...
@sundance, yes, you already completed the survey in december so we're all squared away. the archt audio team
hi, i use a forwarding service in us(i.e. a us address, then i arrange the shipment from us to my home).  is there a place i can get my shipment tracking number? the address is us, what's the expected date i can receive the product? thanks!
+1 to vadim and vidya's comment !
hi guys, any news about orbit's power supply frequency? you mentioned checking with orbit's technical team in the new year... did they get back to you? thanks! -alvin
hi guys! i've been trying to figure out the shipping scheme since project was backed. and still haven't got a responce on how you're gonna ship it - is it possible to send it marked not as purchase but as a present? import tax is 30% in russia. not only that, it takes hell of a time to process such import. so purchase might become an unpleasant surprise after all.  more than that, if you mark it as a purchase and specify real price, our postal service can even break or switch the delivery.  so please mark it as a present and give me a responce to this one :) is it possible to ask for dhl delivery or the like instead of state postal services? did you inquire what additional costs will be involved and are you able to process them?
not sure if i completed the survey - i blame the altitude. also can't seem to find a link to it - would you mind posting it here? thanks!
@ vidya, we've got to get that answer from our tech team... stay tuned! the archt team
hii archt team! i was wondering - i'm currently backing the neeo remote - when it comes out, do you think archt will be compatible with it? https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/1227115988/neeo-the-thinking-remote
@ movie kang production is wrapping up on the super early birds and shipment is nearly here! worldwide units should arrive in late feb as promised. the archt team
has shipping started yet?
@ryan, the early birds are on track to ship late jan and arrive to you in late feb. we couldn't be more excited for you to have it! the archt team
hi what's the eta on receiving early bird units? cheers ryan
@ ramsey the rating is 50 x 2 for a total of 100... but closer to 140 peak power.
please advise what is the current rating (amps) of the archt one.  thank you.
@ movie kang trust us, we are as excited as you! we are on-track for a end of the month (jan) shipment that will land in the hands of super early birders by late feb. finally, we get to do what we've waited for - get yours to you!
are super early birds still being shipped this month?  eager beaver here.  thanks in advance.
@ alvin, we are working with orbit. we aren't on their technical side, but we will get you the answer - the holidays have been good, and it slows the flow of information. we'll be there for you and get you what you need. the archt team
@ kokobin, you will require no converters or alternate power. the archt will fit you right out of the box as it uses a universal power supply - this was something we've addressed all along and the contingency was considered prior to our project going live. you'll love yours the first day sir! the archt team
@ derrick, we have been trying to get more photos for you - we said that we'd be attempting that; as of this date, all white units are in the factory being assembled sir. to any who want more photos, as soon as we've gotten our hands on one of these beauties - you'll have them. they are so rare right now, that even we don't have them! sorry about the lack of these photos, we will follow through as soon as may be! the archt team
in the uk  we need uk plugs and fittings.  i do not want to use adapters\converters that could cause fire.  if this is not possible please give me a refund.
i'm still waiting for a reply to my query posted 13 days ago regarding the orbit's power supply frequency. a response would be greatly appreciated.
so i assume you won't have more pics of the white one then?  which is fine - you guys could have at least answered the question about it here or the 2 messages i sent you.
can i change my address in february prior to shipping? who do i contact to do that?
alfreds idea for a base rechargeable power supply is a terrific idea and i would happily pay extra for it. i know i should have read more carefully but i was disappointed when i saw it was tethered to an outlet;(
@ sureshkumar, please contact our logistics dept: nate@dreamaudiolab,com they can answers your questions!
hi what will be the price on the invoice as i will have to pay custom/import duty on the item. thanks suresh
hi, not sure if my question in the faq section was received... reposting here instead. thank you! alvin ------ hi! looking forward to taking delivery of my pair of archt ones and the orbit plus! i've been on the u-turn audio website and it mentions specifically the following: "orbit's ac motor requires a 60hz power supply to work properly. if you live somewhere with 50hz, you will need a frequency converter such as this." will you be provide this convertor? i'm slightly concerned as being in the uk, we have a 50hz supply! -----
more photos would be great especially the archt in white. please upload more photos of the archt in both colours.
@ vadim, let us get back to you after talking with our shipping dept... stay tuned.
love to see an external pack that could be used on both the original archt one and the future editions. maybe if the battery pack could act as a pedestal for both the original and the following editions ? definitely a demand for this as shown by the repeated questions about it ( do give a ks promo code though! ) also, a transparent archt one? and last , android functionality ! it's only sensible ! alfred
@ creator + 1 at derrick's comment
aww.. too bad. will go kpo to take a sneak peek at the product ;)
do you have more product shots of piano white?  too hard to decide.
hi! i got an email asking to update my address. it suggests to write an address in english, which i did, but on a step of confirmation it offeres me to use "more precise" address, which is in russian. so what should i do - chose the one in english or in russian?
@ doru, there has been a ton of conversation, and updates on our pages... this is a wireless solution for connectivity but it was developed to support many different devices and charge them in addition to providing great sound that fills up your room. a battery was not developed in this version due to expense and our desire to provide you top-notch audio for your home.
@ jilson,  the archt one is shipping from the u.s and not singapore so the shipping there applies. but it will all be worth it when you unwrap your brand new archt one well before the rest of the world!
@ jilson, the archt one has a universal power supply so there are no concerns - your archt one will work right out of the box!
and can i please ask regarding the power supply options?
any cheaper shipping for singapore? :d
i have just filled in the survey and there was a question about the next archt product. the first option was smaller portable bluetooth speaker. i think there are plenty on the market, it's crowded. the last one was current one with battery pack. i thought this one had a battery!
@supporters, stay tuned: we are now going to ready a survey in which you'll select color, and we'll get shipping lined up to get your new archt one's into your hands as soon as q1 2015 - we have a feb time frame as our goal.
are there any product shots of the white one? why the change of name from dream one to archt one?
all i want for christmas is archt one!
are these speakers scheduled for on time january delivery?
what drivers are you using ?
@ derrick, yes you do have an input button to switch inputs as was shown in update # 13; it is located on the sound array on the unit itself. don shows you this in the update. after setting up your device via bluetooth, like all other devices you just start playing your ipod, or other i device and it will start playing as long as you have the bluetooth selected on the input menu. the archt team
after setting up the bluetooth function, does one have to push a button on the archt one to wake it up and then you can start streaming, or can you just play right from your mobile device without doing anything. also, if one were to switch between using the aux output to the bluetooth to output sound sound, do you have to switch the input selector button?
@ derrick, the archt one possesses it's own sub woofer so in that respect its a very different animal; the archt produces its own sound signature that while not surround sound, give true multi-directional sound. or stated another way, will fill your room and be very dynamic. at 50 x  power, it delivers peak power in the 140 watt range; if you look at update #9 where don demonstrates wireless bluetooth pairing you'll note the huge volume that the two archt were achieving. where one was awesome, two were mind-blowing. we also hooked up to a guitar on a couple of occasions without compresses sound and the archt was amazing as well! the simple truth is... we can't directly compare since we are different - but the archt keeps blowing us away with what it can do! the archt team
@ epsen, the archt one uses a universal power supply and you can use it anywhere in the world - you're covered!
@ andrea, as yet there is bluetooth support that we recommend for windows phone; which several of the staff here own. so the bluetooth functions very well for those phones.
hi, how does the sound compare to the core speaker which uses wave field synthesis to create its multidimensional stereo sound?
wondering about what voltage it require?
what about windows phone?
@ timothy the android does not allow an optimization app at this time, but that is a function of android more than our development. we are, and will continue to pursue that possibility.
@ jim the archt one has a one year parts and labor warranty. hope this helps!
@creator looked at the google+ video. you mentioned about the optimization app for ios. there will be one for android?
i'm sure the question has been answered previously but what kind of warranty will come with the device?   thanks in advance!
@creator awesome. i'll be taking another archt one then. double the joy! =)
@ mohamed, you bet we do!
@ timothy the power supply is universal - you take your new archt one out of the box, plug it in and enjoy some of the best multi directional sound there is!
why you guys are supporting older version of wireless standard like wifi 802.11g ?
@creator i almost forgot to ask this -  uk plug support?
@ michal, you will receive a survey following the campaign and will select your color at that time! then, just stand by while we ready the archt one for your home! the archt team
@ jacob, no issue there sir! you will be up and running beautiful sound right out of the box on the archt one. we can't wait for you to hear it! the archt team
@ richard, we will be delivering as early as we can and your second archt will honored with the first as we are with all backer orders. thanks for supporting! the archt team
an idea for a stretch goal is free worldwide shipping for us early adopters..... the product looks awesome...
if i upgrade to two archt ones will my shipping be delayed a month or would you guys still honor the estimated february delivery ?
hey guys, i'm anxiously awaiting your product and am planning on using it with the olive one (http://myoliveone.com/) music player.  they list their output options as: audio output analog: 3.5mm gold-plated speaker binding posts digital: bluetooth* digital out (coax, rca) usb (supported dacs only) i'm not a sound tech by any means but it 'looks' like i should be able to connect via one of these means.  let me know if you see any issues. cheers.
hi. i pledged your project and cant wait to get it at my door. maybe someone has already asked but i prefer the white color, how to select the color? thanks.
@ creator hi, any news on that feature series on different input options? thanks! alfred
edison, we are working your answer for this one; it's more of a function of the kickstarter page than anything we are doing. stay tuned, we want you to have two of these beauties for your home!
hi! i already pledge 1 archt audio one for  $299.i would like another at $349? but the manage button always delete my initial pledge to either $349 or $698 for double joy.is there another to add without canceling my initial pledge?
@richard, here's a way to make all that happen: first, run laptop headphone out to a headphone cable splitter then one headphone cable to each archt and you have it with all cable and not with bluetooth. hope this one helps too richard! tha archt team
@ sebastian the archt one does not have a current android app specifically for android. there are several companion apps that we are looking at and vetting. chrome cast being one of those. we suggest a bluetooth connection for any android device - it works very well. the archt team
can you use 2 archt one's in the following scenario? laptop headphone aux out to archt one aux in which bluetooth pairs to another archt one? or does both of them need to be in bluetooth mode for it to work?
hi gwendal, yes! archt one is able to support most music types from a variety of sources, such as music from your computer, smartphones, tablets or tv! archt one also supports streaming from internet music services such as spotify. in our next feature series we will showcase the different input options of archt one, so do look out for that!
hello  can you play other music type? because i started to think it's only for guitar... in all of your test there is only a guitar... so, i think a lot of people who buy a archt one listen pop, rock, dance, rnb... thank you!!
@adam & movie in order to deliver archt one by jan and feb 2015, we'll have to keep the existing specs. what we will do, is release a series of feature videos, "did you knows", showcasing different aspects of what the archt one can do. we've started with bluetooth wireless pairing and we have another update due in a few hours. battery pack is definitely something we're considering for a next product. it's come up several times now and we're looking into that. do keep the feedback coming. we'll be releasing a survey at the end of the campaign to gather your opinions too!
@ richard, if you decide on a second archt one, you can just switch your pledge to the "double the joy" from your current pledge. we are going to be releasing a couple of black friday specials that you might want to see though. stay tuned in the next day or so for cool deals! the archt team
if we decide to get two, and we have the early bird pledge do we adjust the price ourselves or do we have to email you first?
@ yevgeniy, you can simply use a "y" connector (splitter) and have two archt ones for your tv or hifi setup. hope that answers your question! thanks again for asking. the archt team
but first question is not answered yet. i want to connect two archt speakers to single audio source(tv or hifi stereo). can it be done if my tv/reciver has single aux output?
yeah a battery would be fantastic - it would certainly add to the archt ones value!  i can understand if this is just too big a change for the first model tho, but still, it would be fantastic and as a stretch goal could possibly get things cranking again :)
thanks archt audio for the quick response.  i would have hoped that that you guys would have considered input from your backers to improve the first model.  the current model assumes that you have an outlet in the center of the room, or one would have to run an unattractive cord from the archt, to an outlet across the room.
@ movie kang currently, the archt one is built as intended, but the battery question is being looked at now. not during the campaign, but we will continue to design/evaluate it's being an option for later models. with this project we are providing the best wireless option we can designed for your room/office, rec room ect. hope this answers your question! the archt team
yevgeniy, the archt one is a wireless speaker that we provided an aux input and a usb input to maximize the ways you can connect, and no optical input has been provided to this point. we always look at best options, but stay true to the idea of providing a wireless sound option for users.
hello! i want to connect two archt speakers to single audio source(tv or hifi stereo). how can i do this with wires?  any news about optical or coaxial input? i know i can use aux, but for some setups optical is better.
when you say near future, does that mean during this campaign, after the campaign, or no future archt one model?
any chance of going with a rechargeable battery ? i'm sure 90% of of us don't have an outlet in the middle of the room to get the most out of the speaker.
@ movie kang great idea! and that is top of our list of options we are looking at for the near future! thanks for the suggestion! the archt team
my suggestion is to create a battery option which makes the archt more portable an capable of handling creative placements.
can we use the app as a remote control for the archt one?
@ movie kang the final product is close, but the tweaks are going to be with the app and connectivity; we are looking at all things including android. we are always thinking and looking to keep up with things that are new. stay tuned because we have a bow wave of content coming; videos, reviews and more over the next week or so. enough to get you excited and informed about the archt one's near future! if you see something we should do, or add then feel free to suggest it to us! thanks for being a part of us!
hi team, what about if i don't have any apple devices? can i setup the archt one otherwise (android app)?
am i to assume that the final product is complete?  why are there are no stretch goals? will there be any enhancements to improve on your during this campaign?  curious.
now that's what i'm talking about. excellent arct one, very well reviewed by a reputable source. that's a review worth sharing. let's spread the word kickstarters!
kickstarters! we've also been mentioned here: http://ltsttechnologies.blogspot.com/2014/10/archt-one-promises-multidirectional.html
@ benjamin and varenza hi guys, these units are in the hands of those reviewers and we'd like to have them back soon too. we are in process and continue to publish news and information as it comes in. in the meantime, here are a couple of additional mentions we are getting from the independents that are working reviews: http://www.backerjack.com/bullet-like-archt-one-wireless-speaker-system-spreads-sound-around-consistently/ http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2014/11/18/headphones-speakers-that-do-things-yours-cant_n_6177576.html again, not a full review just some comprehensive impressions - we await more coverage as we speak. the archt team
i would settle for one independent review from a reputable source. maybe you need to send some out to other reviewers, the ones you sent the archt to aren't reviewing it for some reason. all i need is one review to put me at ease, not too much to ask i think.
how about adding an optical and coax inputs?
@ archt audio i would love to see some independent review from more reputable site that would compare the sound quality of archt one with other similar priced blue tooth speaker.
@ yau great question which we've been getting quite a bit. you can hook the archt up to your t.v via an aux cable and it will produce great sound vs. the stock speakers in your t.v. it gives the same terrific omni-directional sound and you'll love it!! the archt team
hi, i understand that this audio system is meant more for music playing and etc.. however, what would it sound like when playing a tv sound on this as compared to the default tv speakers? (i understand that to produce stereo and surround requires 2+ ; but how would it be like when it is played on just 1 on tv) overall, a awesome product and looking forward to get my hands on it soon!
@ nsr as long as your t.v supports an aux cable, you are able to plug in into the archt one and enjoy great sound for your t.v - that or usb are you only cabled connections on this wireless speaker. thanks for taking the time to comment! the archt team
can the archt one connect to a non-smart tv? most of the information found in this campaign is directly related to music, which is nice, but i would prefer to use this primarily as the sound source for my tv and perhaps a gaming console.
a week ago, the archt team asked me if they could use my bar for a photo shoot. it seemed like a great opportunity to profile a hip, trendy bar with a modern, sleek speaker. it had the right vibe, so i agreed.  however, little did i expect that i would end up buying 6 units on kickstarter. when the team came with the archt one, the speaker looked exactly like what you see on the kickstarter page. it was cool. the team set up archt one and starting taking some shots, then they asked me, do you want to hear it? with my own bar music in the background, i said, sure, let's test it. keep in mind, i own a 2 story bar with large open spaces and glass windows - it was hardly an ideal acoustic environment. what happened next was really impressive. not only did archt one sound great to 'a sky full of stars' on spotify, at over 50% volume, it also drowned out the in-house bar music. for a speaker of its size, it was fantastic. considering the space it was in, i was blown away. the team went on to explain the various connectivity options and how i could integrate archt one into my bar concept. wifi made the most sense as i could password protect my channel and control the music being played. considering that it would cost tens of thousands to set up an in-house audio system, the 6-pack was a really attractive option. truth be told, even at its retail price of us$599, its worth every dollar. after asking several more questions, i decided to purchase the 6-pack for a new bar that will open soon. congratulations archt audio for building a really awesome product. i believe the team is on to something really cool here and encourage the community to lend them your support. with our support, they can go to market faster. i cant wait to get the 6-pack for my new bar! best wishes to the archt audio team.
@trogdor i tested it through many genres of music, and the speaker can handle all of them well. due to the stronger bass, it performs better with those kinds of songs.
@wesley what musical styles did you have the opportunity to hear? my tastes run the gamut from classical to heavy metal to trance/electronica. what would be your opinion of listening to an audio book with the speaker [or speech]? your opinion is appreciated.
@wesley what a thorough review! and thanks for getting a pair. we invented the archt one to be a high quality multi-speaker audio solution in a single device that would be simple to set up and enjoyable to use. listeners need not worry about where to place their speakers in the room and can control their music from anywhere. appreciate the validation of our sound array technology. we do indeed have a very unique sonic signature. i'd take this opportunity to share that our sound array patent has been granted in many regions worldwide and we have more that are patent pending. we would also like to clarify that true stereo and surround sound are achievable if you connect more than one unit. with our mobile app, you can select dedicated left and right channel when pairing 2 archt ones. so for those who die by stereo sound, you should get a pair! surround sound is also achievable through airplay. it can support up to 6 archt ones depending on the strength of your wifi network. hence, we created a 6 pack option for those who want to invest in an awesome home setup! you don't have to hack the walls or rearrange any furniture! we're down to the last 2 6-packs! grab yours while it lasts! ultimately, we have built a really versatile speaker that can be placed in the corner of a room or in the middle. paired up or used as a single unit. our sound array and optimization app will ensure you get the best possible experience whatever you decide. the choice is yours!
i personally had a chance to audition a prototype of this unit. the speakers are very detailed and clean sound, with a slight emphasis on bass. the sound signature can easily be adjusted over the eq over the iphone app. you can also run an optimisation function when the speaker is in a new environment, and it will automatically calibrate accordingly. at this price point from a strictly sound quality perspective, it really is in a class on its own. on top of that, what really makes this speakers special lies in the way the sound array disperses the sound, creating a feeling that the music is surrounding you. the sound quality remains consistent regardless of where you are in the room and wherever the speaker is placed. it is very difficult to describe how amazing this speaker disperses sound. however, i can tell you what its not. it is not the same as all the current "omnidirectional" speakers out there that slaps speakers all around and calls it as such. this speaker truly disperses the sound evenly and consistently, creating a sound experience unlike anything you have heard before. one thing that i feel i should clarify. this speaker is not designed to provide surround sound, so if you are buying this speaker for that purpose, you would be disappointed. due to the setup of the speaker, stereo or surround sound cannot be achieved, as it is impossible to have both omnidirectional, consistent sound, as well as directional, stereo sound at the same time. they are meant for people who want that consistent, room filling sound that gives them the freedom to enjoy their music without worrying about the sweet spot. after auditioning it for a few hours, i decided to back a pair for myself. i guess the only gripe now is having to wait so long to have my own archt one!
i'm with @benjamin -- looking forward to some additional reviews. the mikeshouts goes over features but touches very little on how these sound. i appreciate the forum feedback of those who have already heard the speaker. the input is appreciated.
@ benjamin actually ben, we've been posting a few articles and here is today's from mike shouts: http://mikeshouts.com/archt-one-wireless-audio-system/ enjoy and hang in there - we have loads of industry types with their hands on the archt one... we just have to get them to take them off of it long enough to turn in their reviews! as they do, we'll post them here!
still waiting for some audio quality reviews...
other than the ferrari dealership in singapore, are there any other places we can her the audio quality of the archt one?
@ christopher the archt one does not support apt-x. rather we use our own custom dsp that we think you will prefer to apt-x. the advantage to this approach is a universal improvement to sound quality to all of the archt one's connectivity options. apt-x will  not do that.
does the archt one support aptx?
@ gwendal from our faq section, the archt one uses a universal power supply which support 230vac 50hz in france. thanks for your interest in us!
@ franklin tang wow!! we are glad to have backers like you franklin. and even better you've heard the object of out hard work and dedication... the archt one. we happen to enjoy the fact that you heard it at a ferrari dealership just a little more. we'd tell you it belongs there. art and sound meet at ferrari. your opinion and backing means everything to the team at archt audio and we are accomplishing this with your help.  we are working very hard to have your speakers ready in time to make it a joyful christmas. we can't say enough thank-you's or get enough feedback from folks who've actually heard the speaker. so from the team - thanks again franklin!
i chanced on the archt one today! i was drawn to "hotel california" by the eagles whilst in the ferrari dealership in singapore. the fullness of sound seemed to fill the showroom. vocals are clear and bass was tight and controlled. i decided to investigate since it was quite unusual. turned out it was the archt one. i was shocked at how a little thing like the archt one could produce that power and quality. for those of us who has similar systems, you would understand how with most other systems you always feel like its trying to “shout” from a corner just to fill the room. the archt one is definitely special. still blown away as i am writing this. i trust the creators at least from what i heard personally. please continue to back them. there is something special about the archt one and the team behind it. quite honestly, i am already looking forward to their next product. to the archt one team, please send me mine in time for christmas!
hello. for the electric power cord, does it fit to france (230vac, 50hz)? thank you
@ jason chew we are thrilled you had a chance to compare our archt one to other speakers in the genre. and we are also proud you experienced the room-filling sound that the unit is becoming famous for! we'll let you make the comparisons and we'll keep working hard to bring the archt to you in the coming months... thanks for you support!! no way we could do this without you!
had a chance to sample both the archt one and naim muso last week. in my opinion, both systems performed brilliantly. however, the archt filled the entire room more as compared to the muso. cost wise, the muso is priced almost twice the amount.
hey kickstarters! check out the bottom of our page for the new faq's... we've included information we knew you wanted, and a few of you have asked us questions we just had to include! if you have more you'd like to know, please mention it here and you just might make it to our page in neon lights!
@ richard kang thank-you again richard for your questions. we've vetted your questions with our designers/engineers and have posted these answers for you: in a room as large as the one you describe the sound will be very good, but keep in mind that archt one is a single, very compact system that is not designed to be a replacement for a rock concert… but you can use more than one archt one at a time.  archt one is a simple, elegant, wireless device designed to hook up in less than 60 seconds and provide omni-directional sound. this is the finest wireless audio solution in our view. we do not use a sonar system to optimize the room acoustics; instead we use a special app to optimize sound for your space. this is accomplished by the app using the microphone on your smartphone to send tones to the archt and make sure you get the best possible sound for your home. as we have mentioned before, there is no internal battery in the archt one. you simply plug in the universal power supply and it will charge you ios device as you play it via the usb port.   we are glad you have questions and hope these have been addressed here. our faq should be up later today, and it has further information on the unit.
@ movie kang the archt performs well indoors or out. the sound array delivers great sound for the distances you are discussing. it is designed to provide beautiful multi-directional sound on a patio or in a room. at 50 x 2 watts, the unit can deliver plenty of volume to entertain at a party outside. so if there are no walls you could just add more volume and fill the space with pleasing sound. currently, the team is refining and perfecting the archt app to deliver all of the benefits sound optimization can bring. we are very pleased and excited with all of the ways the archt is being used and the sound it delivers. the sound signature is three + years in the making; we are always tuning, refining and working to provide the best sound possible.
how does the archt one function in an outdoor environment with no walls?
what kind  of improvements are slated for your current design?
hello kickstarters, my sincere apologies for the delay in our response. i had the pleasure of auditioning the archt one today at a major retailer (over 1,000 locations) and i would like to share some of the comments of the seasoned audio veterans i had around me."sounds amazing" "love the design" "you must be proud" and "amazing". i don't share this event to be boastful but to address the concerns of questionable audio quality. the archt team is comprised of the finest audio engineers, designers and music lovers, we partnered with the most reputable factory to carry out our vision. we stand by the product we've made,  and we are confident you will appreciate the product we've created and you've  shown faith in by supporting us. it is our sincere hope that you will continue to tell your friends and family about this unique revolution in audio. to be more specific, pertaining  to certain cocerns, our product is designed to sound great in any space; it is meant to sound different than anything you've ever heard before but to possess a presence of true bass, profound highs and a unique sonic signature that we know is impactful and enjoyable. if you have any other questions please ask away. we can't thank you enough for supporting us.
@ benjamin we certainly do not wish to lose you as we near the launch of our project. as stated to another backer here, we have a number of these in the hands of bigger name reviewers and are waiting just like you. we do have video of a guitar player playing straight through the unit and that speaks for itself.  there is more of this content on the way in the coming days in addition to reviews from all around the social and print media world. we simply have to see it come in. next week, we will be appearing in buzzfeed and have appeared in several places around the web: high consumption - http://hiconsumption.com/2014/11/archt-one-wireless-speaker/ tech cinema - http://www.techcinema.com/2014/11/archt-one-adaptable-multi-directional-wireless-speaker.html digital trends - http://www.digitaltrends.com/home-theater/archt-one-wireless-speaker-aims-blast-room-360-degrees-awesome/ shelly palmer.com - http://www.shellypalmer.com/2014/2014/10/29/the-archt-one-wireless-speaker-delivers-a-dynamic-audio-experience-anywhere-you-put-it these are a few places that you can grab coverage if you cut and paste the links. much more on the way to you! stay tuned and we'll see you soon!
where are the "raving" audio quality reviews?
yeah, i think i am going to back out.  not enough info or sound reviews.
hello creators, happy to be backing your product.  i'd like to ask you all to be a bit more responsive to questions about what you offer.  321 backers is a great start to a successful campaign.  the more responses to your customer base, the more likely they will refer others to your kickstarter project.  i'd like to see more video that emphasizes the sound quality.  we can't ask you for improvements before delivery, if we don't know what you should improve on.  thanks in advance.
your press from forbes seems a tad bit misleading; they quoted you. you quoted them quoting you: "dream audio was inspired by a mont blanc pen to design a stunning  $600 speaker  it says will offers 360-degree sound dispersion — basically, the audio will sound great no matter where you are in the room. " you guys said they said: “the audio will sound great no matter where you are in the room” - forbes
bump my questions: three questions how loud is it? i have a 35 by 50 room i plan on using this speaker in. there is a lot of furniture in the room, sofas and couches. capacity is about 60 people. in the video you stated it uses sonar tech to measure room size. how does that work outdoors? none of the videos show power attached. is there a battery? from some of the details you provided it can charge a smartphone so i'm guessing there is a built in battery. what's the battery life like?
@ michael b the archt has a one year parts and labor warranty, and yes we'll have customer support. thanks for support the archt one - you are making it possible!
can't wait to get mine !! will you also be offering a warranty/customer support?thanks.
@richard every speaker is tuned differently and so is ours! for a speaker of our size, most have been surprised by the strong bass output we have, as was men's journal. unfortunately, they did not have the opportunity to test our mobile app which would have tuned the archt one to its environment and also allow for manual eq settings, which could have addressed the acoustics. we have more reviews coming in so we'll see what they say! ultimately, we built archt one to make home audio simple and accessible for all to enjoy. it is a lifestyle speaker that could be your complete home audio solution - elegant design, patented acoustic innovation and extreme ease of use.
@matt we're really excited you backed us and would be sad to see you go. we'll need all the help we can get to bring this baby into production and beyond. it's been no small feat for our team to send our speakers for review during a kickstarter campaign. we are confident we've done well not just in audio quality, but also in artistic design and an extremely simple user experience. not to mention our sonic signature is different from any competitor. we are preparing some updates to cover this over the course of the campaign. also, we have some review units currently in the hands of big names and these reviews typically take time. once the additional reviews come in, we'll be sure to send them your way!
@creator thinking of unbacking guys, there has only been one review of the actual audio quality and they stated (and i quote) "audiophiles need not apply". every other article just speaks about the "idea" behind the sound array. you guys have made some pretty lofty claims about hi-fidelity sound quality that need to be backed up before i'm putting down any cash!
c'mon @creator the digitaltrend isn't a review of the sound, did they even test it? and the mens journal bottom line: "the archt one emphasizes the low-range, but it tends to make guitars and subtle details sound a little bland." is not good.
@ colin ho colin the archt is best in the middle of a room. if you place it in a corner it will still sound terrific, but the sound signature will change and provide even more bass then the middle of the room. items like furniture and obstructions will always change the sound a bit, but not enough to take away from the overall greatness of the archt one.
three questions how loud is it? i have a 35 by 50 room i plan on using this speaker in. there is a lot of furniture in the room, sofas and couches. capacity is about 60 people. in the video you stated it uses sonar tech to measure room size. how does that work outdoors? none of the videos show power attached. is there a battery? from some of the details you provided it can charge a smartphone so i'm guessing there is a built in battery. what's the battery life like?
@creator does the archt have to be placed in the middle of a room / out in the open unobstructed to deliver that same sound evenness as marketed? i guess i am asking if it can be concealed and still deliver same sound performance.
@ timothy low the archt has a universal power supply that will support uk plugs yes.
will there be support for uk plugs?
@kickstarter supporters to clarify the color question: when you back us, you will get a survey to fill out, and that is when you will make your actual color selection for your archt one speaker; you can select either black or piano white at the 299.00 level. this should clear up your questions as to what color you will receive. let's keep going! what a great start to our little world domination plans!!
@matt  success in our funding, and with all of your help...  world domination!! we have much larger goals than simple funding. we are looking to change the world of wireless speakers, and with all of the support we are receiving, we may just get that done. please tell your friends and networks about us and let's get this awesome speaker out there!
@lester the archt is a single speaker which gives a multi-directional sound signature that fills a room with sound. it does not produce traditional 5.1 sound from a single unit. what you'll get is terrific room-filling goodness. if you are an fps fan and want that performance then a headphone configuration is always best. thanks for your interest in the archt one!
@irwin chen  the archt has a universal power supply that will support 240v, so you are good!
hi, i am interested to know how well does it do in gaming, for example fps game, if the explosion is on right side , does it only reproduce sound on my right side ?
hi, i just read the specifications, which means archt one doesn't support 240 volt? thanks
hi guys, congrats on the successful funding. could you explain to me how you can deliver stereo sound from a single full-range driver and subwoofer?
@ kickstarter backers!! since you've been asking, we're going to respond. here are the specs: specifications full range speaker diameter (mm) 80mm woofer diameter (mm) 120mm passive radiator diameter (mm) 150mm +/ - 3db frequency response 52hz - 20khz +/ - 10db frequency response 35hz - 20khz max output (db spl) 100db rated power consumption 100w standby power consumption < 0.5w height/width/depth (mm)  184.469 (l) x 184.469 (w) x 433.024 (h) mm weight (including power cord) 3.64kg (include 1pc na power cord) weight for north america sku in package 5.28kg (in giftbox) and 12.42kg  (in shipping  carton for 2 gif tboxes) airp lay osx and ios version compatibility airplay osx supported from itunes 10.0. ios version supported from 4.2. usb compatibility for ios ,  pc/mac computer :  iphone 4s,5,5c,5s,6,6plus, ipad mini, 3 rd , 4 th gen, mini w retina, air, ipod nano, 4 th , 5 th ,6 th 7 th gen ipod touch, 2 nd , 3 rd 4 th , 5 th gen
@ richard  archt one has a multitude of inputs to connect with just about any input source from a guitar to an iphone.  unfortunately, not all wireless audio streaming protocols, mobile devices, and operating systems are fully supported - and some systems may require special configuration techniques.  for wi-fi connections, we recommend airplay whenever possible - on some operating systems, this will require advanced setup configuration.  archt one is also dlna compliant, but unfortunately not all mobile apps and music servers are not fully compliant, so there can be issues that are out of our control.  bluetooth streaming is also available for connecting to all bluetooth sources - as well as an analog auxiliary input. archt one contains a powerful microcontroller that is fully upgradable - we can't promise future compatibility, but we'll be ready for other streaming standards as they arrive
@michael - i was actually thinking the same thing, would be great if it did :)!
@matt. booyah! a huge thank you to all backers for supporting us! we'll have some cool updates and reviews out soon! watch this page and help us spread the word! @backers - our tech team are working on your questions and we'll have some responses for you too!
congrats on the successful funding archt audio!
really looking forward to receiving this hopefully amazing speaker!  does it need to be charged or plugged in to play thru bluetooth or wifi?
@creator can we get some tangible specs such as frequency response and % distortion? thanks!
would this work with the prism project that's on kickstarter right now?
@ creator hi, was wondering if archt one would replace a soundbar? currently using philips htl5120,  120 watt soundbar speakers for my telly. any idea how archt one would compare to it? alfred
@creator how do you deal with 2.4ghz congestion?
@varenza. while the concept is similar, the technologies behind the archt one and core are quite different. aside from our patented multi-directional sound array technology, archt one comes with a built-in sub-woofer (no add-on needed) and has dynamic room optimization through our mobile app. digital trends just published an article about archt one that mentions this. http://www.digitaltrends.com/home-theater/archt-one-wireless-speaker-aims-blast-room-360-degrees-awesome/ happy reading!
@ richard thornton - same here. thought i'm a bit torn between the core and this. the core has about 4 days to go.
i'm waiting for an independent review raving about the sq, until then, it's just another cpu with wi-fi/bt, amp and speaker in an nice enclosure...
i doubt they would use a high quality material such as steel for the sound array and then use anything less than adequate on the cabinet itself!  lets see what they have to say
it looks a lot like plastic to me?
hey guys, really excited to back this product! one question i think a lot of backers are wondering, what material is the speaker cabinet made of?
@creator thanks, for my user experience i would like to use chromecast with the pandora app on android, i have absolutely no need for airplay and never have bluetooth active on my phone, you may lose up to 50% of your potential backers with this strategy.  so definitely no chromecast support? i assume the archt has some kind of arm cpu and linux os, could it run pianobar (a pandora daemon for linux), if it could, then you could have an app like pionobar remote on android to control the daemon?
hi richard, we've sent several demo units to reviewers and hope they publish their opinions throughout the campaign. for the best user experience on android, bluetooth is advised.
is there android (chromecast) support? do you have any independent listening reviews, tested in a home environment? thanks!
thanks adam! we'll be sure you're one of the first to get it!
sounds fantastic @creator, just what i have been looking for - i can't wait to get my hands on one :)
