you'll be able to order them at www.meepillows.com. so many colors so little time!
what's the address to pre-order the orange? also, please consider teal as a new color - it'll look great on my couch.... :)
glad to see you are expanding the colour range, as soon as you get to pink let me know :)
my meepillow finally arrived in italy today! it's fantastic, thank you!
@matt s - thank you so much for the information. there definitely were numerous benefits to using the fulfillment house i did in china, but there were some unfortunate issues i ran into as well. thank you for your support and being a backer!
lol of course the one day i dont go to the po box. thank you for checking sir i will go out tomorrow and rescue him from the postal service.
just some feedback: love my set of meepillows. i am sure my boardgaming  friends will love them when i surprise them with their gift. the email i received from the dispatches with my attached invoice i was unable to open on any software on my computer. i have a mac and tried a few versions of different software to no avail. also one of my parcels had a huge lithium battery sticker on the side suggesting my parcel contained batteries so i am no sure whether this may have slowed the process down of delivery. once again a huge thank you! i love them.
@joel m - went to check your tracking and looks like it was actually delivered today!
last info i received on 12/27 was my purple meepillow is in the usa at the sorting center! i keeping checking daily but no movement from the sorting center :-( anyway, i see others have received theirs , so hopefully the lil guy will arrive soon. then i get to ship him to my eldest :-) poor guy is going to be tired by the time he arrives at his final destination...lol
hello, my childrens have (finally!) received their meepillows yesterday! they are very happy!! (me too!) thanks !
@everyone - thanks for the kind words, i'm so glad you like them. keep posting those pics!
@samantha b - i'll inbox you better tracking. it's so close! :)
my final guy arrived today, i now i just need to have friends come over to show them off.
received my two meepillows today.  very happy with them!  for others who haven't received theirs yet, take heart.....i never received a tracking email.
last info i received on 12/25 was my purple meepillow is in the usa at the sorting center! i hope it arrives this week!
@rob r - i'll message you momentarily. thanks for letting me know!
my pillow came last thursday! yay! meeple the dog loves his new pillow friend!
nothing in ireland yet and that tracking website is almost incomprehensible.  when i've managed to get it to work it tells me it's still in china.
mine came in the mail today! thanks a lot! quite pleased with the outcome. the only complain i have so far, is that the tag on my blue meepillow, says "yellow meepillow"
nothing received yet (notification or pillows!), i'm in the uk - @top shelf fun - is there a way to check mine are on route?
@mark - the us sorting center has been quite the pain, but a lot of packages have been freeing up from there over the last few days. i'll keep an eye on it as well and inbox you. thanks for letting me know!
i am having flashes of toy story 2 where all those packages where zooming around the airport but the one i'm looking for is nowhere to be seen.
5 of my 6 have shown up in the burgh of the pitts. but yellow is still lost in the void that is the sorting center.
received it yesterday on the 31th. great timing. the kids love them.  good service and quality.
@domenic t - schrodinger's meepillow is my new favorite phrase. rest assured your packaged is waiting for you. thanks again!
i may or may not have a meepillow (or 2)  in the uk. apparently there's a parcel for me at the office, but asking for package details from my coworkers got nowhere. also that i never got a tracking email. first day back is this coming monday, so firm updates then. but i also do like the idea of a schroedinger's meepillow. just thought you needed that mental image.
mine arrived in australia today and they're amazing.
the last of my 5 meepillows showed up today here in north dakota!  thanks so much for your hard work on this project.  my kids and wife love their new meepillows!
my green one arrived in finland today!
they arrived, and they're beautiful! i have to post them to my friends because i missed christmas, but at least they're here. thanks.
@joshua w - no worries, your other packages appear to be arriving this week while one straggler meepillow will be fashionably late next week. since the fulfillment house processed in batches this is not uncommon, but the holidays did cause numerous delays in shipping. if you need any more info message me - thank you!
@bridget e - looks like they made it out of the holdup and are on their way! i'll inbox you the details! @kevin s - so glad you like them! thank you for helping bring this project to life! @thomas e - excellent! the tracking info was definitely a not great with the company i used which i will definitely be posting an update about shortly. thanks for the info! @dennis b - yes, many people have been receiving their packages over the last two weeks, but there were regrettable delays due to the holidays. i'll inbox you the tracking info. looks like you will have your 3 packages before the end of the week!
so i have only received 1 of the 6 meepillows i ordered so far.  it came about 2 weeks ago before we went out of town and i assumed the rest would be waiting for me when we got home yesterday.  only got one shipping email so far and i guess it was for that one.  should i just keep waiting, or do you think there's an issue?
have any us backer received theirs yet?
mine arrived today in the uk which was a massive relief. eventhough they arrived today i have to admit that the tracking wasn't that brilliant. the link to the chinese depot said it had left the depot and then never updated. the royal mail (postal service in the uk) link i received kept saying the tracking number was invalid. the meepillows look (and feel) great though :)
my and my girlfriends turned up this morning in the uk, great christmas surprise :)
mine are stuck in china at the sorting centre too. sad as i wanted them to be a christmas present. not to make more work for you but could we have a christmas certificate or something?
bertrand - i'll inbox you your tracking and any other information i have!
@zen l - looks like the rest are just about to be delivered too! @ rimas k - wonderful! i'm so glad!
i have received the green meeple out of my 6, hopefully the rest come soon.
all my meeple have safely arrived by dpd today!
hello, i did not receive my meepillows and i did not receive any news about them... i am very sad because it 's for christmas for my children... what can i do ?
yeah, both of mine are still at the sorting center in china still it seems.  they have been there for quite a few days.
also, i'll send each of you a message very shortly with any new information i can find - thanks!
i see that quite a few packages were delayed at the sorting center. they are definitely not lost, but taking more time than was expected by the carriers, possibly due to the holidays. i will continue to monitor orders as best i can and answer any questions you have. please make sure to inbox me with any tracking concerns. thank you to everyone for your continued patience and excitement as the meepillows are making their way to everyone around the world, just some places faster than others.
three of six received, all yellow which is good as that's the yellows done. are they shipping in colours separately?
i received 2 (red and green) of my 6 six days ago, but no sign of the others yet. any idea where they might be?
both of mine are stuck on "arrival at sorting center." they have been since the 15th. i got the emails on the 10th and 11th.
mine is stuck at "arrival at sorting center", too.
@creator - i sent you a message regarding the shipping status of my orders, but i received the important one in the mail today (the green one). that's a christmas present. the other one is for me, so there's no immediate concern there. i'll live if i get it after christmas.
my red meepillow arrived today. my purple meepillow still shows it's at the sorting facility in china. hope it's not lost! :)
i wish i knew where my orders are - for the last 4 days it has said "arrival at sorting center". i am growing more afraid my kids will have a meepillow-less christmas.
if the average is 7-10 days, i'm bummed that mine are taking longer. i got the notices for both of mine on 12/10 &12/11 but the 12/10 says it is still in china while the other hasn't moved from nyc since saturday. oh well. can't wait to meet them!
@rimas k - just inboxed you!
@creator: the last shipping updates that i see are "broken down in orders and handed over to final carrier" and "handed over to final carrier" in amsterdam on december 17th. that's 5 days ago, and  there haven't been new updates on sfc website since. is there a way to check for further updates please?
@amanda - soon enough... soon enough!
@michael k - blue / 766. you got the color and came pretty close!
@nathan j & jason w - i'll inbox you the tracking information - thanks for letting me know!
no new tracking info since "arrival at sorting center". now that's just teasing, lol.
i had received my tacking info on the 18th but it seems to be wrong. royal mail doesn't seem to recognise the number. i'm holding out for a today or tomorrow delivery though. i need to get it wrapped. �
is there a way to find out what our guess was for the contest?  i literally have no idea what i guessed since it was so long ago...
received one of two so far in california.  the wife is loving it as it was her color that arrived.
i have not received my tracking information either.  i have checked my spam filter but there is nothing fitting the guidance from the last update.  please send me an update as these were supposed to be christmas gifts.
@titus - the average delivery time has been 7 to 10 days from date of shipment that i've seen. i'll look into your tracking info and inbox you!
@mark, when did yours ship? mine shipped out in the 18th and i'm hoping it arrives before christmas...
@iain s - more product will be available once the rest of the meepillow hit the us. they were due in december, but with the shipping delays it will most likely be january at www.meepillows.com. i will be working on implementing special discounts just for ks backers as well!
wondered if it's possible to order more?
thanks for all the wonderful confirmations! i love seeing where they are popping up around the world. be sure to post fun pics with you and your meepillow friends!
received two of three in separate packaging (california).
arrived! (in scotland). one red, one blue. my wife and i are very pleased with them, thank you!
no tracking email received yet i'm hoping i don't get one and my meepillow turns up like a few others. the person whose xmas present this is is going to love it! wish i got an extra one for me now.
my pillows are on their way! my pesky spam filter ate up the emails telling me, but i was able to find them. can't wait for them to arrive :)
status update... i just had a knock on the door 10 minutes ago and was presented with a very light box, instantly knew it was the meepillows from it being light and not making a sound when shaken (hope i didn't disturb the little guys from their slumber). the box was just the right size for my three meepillows (red, yellow and blue), they were packed in just tight enough to keep everything still but not so much that they'd get absolutely squashed. each one inside an air-tight plastic pouch so they were safe from the constant rainy weather here in the uk. quality of the meepillows themselves is very high... very pleased with the outcome of them.
meepillows have landed in portsmouth uk! am so pleased they look amazing, shame i couldn't take them to see star wars last night! oh well will have to go again with my new friends x
@top shelf fun. thanks look forward to the video. i have posted a pic of them in their new sofa home and already several of my friends want to order some! any idea when you will make them available for retail?
red and blue showed up this morning, green showed up this evening.  hopefully the rest will show up tomorrow.
@andrew p - so close!!!
@paul b - so glad they surprised you! please be sure to post pics! i am working on the video and will send out an update with the winners very soon (by the end of this week)!
@michael b & richard r - that is music to my ears - thank you and enjoy!
@claude v - i certainly apologize and continue to work on getting information out to everyone as it comes in to me. please let me know what else i can do for you to make this an enjoyable and worthwhile experience for you. i want you to be happy and proud to have backed this project. inbox me any time!
tracking says mine is at the main sorting hub in london so will hopefully be on its way to my local depot and at my door for christmas or just after. can't wait to open the little box of joy and fluffy squishiness. :d
didn't receive a tracking email and assumed i'd have to wait a bit more but mine turned up today. great job, glad i ordered. any news on the competition and colour stats?
yay the meepillows have arrived! i don't know what it is but they are just so huggable and adorable. great job top shelf.
just got mine this morning in the uk, they are so soft and squishy!
i'm sad that we keep getting these general updates with such vague information! the comment :"any other time of the year a few week delay would not have been an issue for most people, but this project just happened to fall into that time period that can cause the most stress. i agree however the previous post of:" shipping meepillow production has begun and we are going to be cutting it very close to the november delivery time frame. as you may recall i padded my times to account for a variety of possible delays, and i'm super glad i did. everything is still looking good, but i would like to say that there is a chance deliveries could arrive in early december. it's certainly not a major delay, but i will keep you posted on all information regarding shipping since they could be gifts for your friends, spouses, and game groups. or simply because you deserve a present for yourself (which you most certainly do)!" enough said!
@nikolai - already inboxed you and they are on their way - thanks!
sadly, i still haven't received any shipping notification. i've been checking my inbox every time i pick up my phone....... :(
@richard r - can't wait for you to get it! @marco c - please send me pics or post them on my facebook page - thanks and enjoy!!!
yuuuuu! today my 3 meepillows knocked at my door. i've to admit that i was a little bit worried about not receive the parcel for christmas, but then...here they are! thank you again top shelf fun. great job!
well my tracking informs me that the meepillows have reached the royal mail hub in london. should not be long till they get to their new home here in scotland now :) getting excited for the new additions to the family.
@ronn a - i'll inbox you shortly (your orders did ship). thanks!
should we all have received shipping and tracking info?  thanks in advance for your time, r
just a friendly reminder everyone, please direct message me through the kickstarter messaging system. it makes it infinitely easier to keep track of everyone's information, questions and my responses - thank you!
whoops.  just went through my spam and found the green notification.  nevermind :)
got a shipping notification for my red one, still looking for my green one. :) do we get to find out who guessed right on the numbers?!
hiya,  i seem to be the same as jenn m - a tracking number that isn't recognised
jenn m - looks like it was shipped and there is movement. i'll inbox you the tracking info to make sure you have the same number. thanks!
i got my shipping email but my tracking number isn't recognised. here's hoping it will turn up on the system in the next day or two :d
@amanda - great! @michael k - great x2!! @sarah r - great x3!!! yes, the e-mails are sent out when the order is processed. it may take an additional day or so to start seeing movement.
so i got an email, but when i put the tracking numbers in, nothing came up.  so i'll give it a few days and hopefully it'll update.  but if not, i'm just happy to know they're on the way.
i also just got another shipping notice for another blue pillow.
@top shelf fun thank you so much!! :d looking forward to them!
@michael k - i will loo into this for you and message you back. thanks!
based on everything you've said so far, given that i ordered 2 purple, my shipping notice should just have one line, listing purple. but my shipping notice has 5 lines: purple, green, black, purple, purple. am i getting someone else's order?  or do they sometimes just put extra info in the shipping notice?
aw, no tracking email yet... :( but thanks for the thorough explanation of what's going.
@zen liu - all 6 of your packages are shipping according to my screen - no worries! they just may be processing at different times. @amanda - both of your orders have processed and 1 already has shipped (they are shipping in batches). keep an eye out for another e-mail and check that spam filter. no worries! :)
i'm having the same problem, i backed for a blue and a purple, and my shipping notice only says purple.
i bought the one of every color option but my tracking email only says black meepillow. is that normal?
yay!!!!! i got my shipping email. alls well now just to hope they're here in time for christmas. i hope these meepillows are not too prolific breeders ;)
@dan - no need to worry! shipping began this week and there are quite a few packages to go out. they are going in waves so you should receive your notice in the next few days. if you don't please message me directly. thank you!
hi everyone! please do not worry! the descriptions should only list the colors and not the quantities. so if you ordered 1 of a color or 3 of a color it simply just lists the colors. this is just a "descriptive field of items" and not a packing slip per se. i have confirmed with the fulfillment warehouse and everything is a-okay!
i got my shipping email! :)
how long until we receive our shipping emails? or should i start worrying now?
same here. i have selected three meepillows (1 green and 2 blue), but the mail said: "item description: green meeple-shaped plush pillow,blue meeple-shaped plush pillow". i wonder if they doesn't count multiples of the same color...
hi i just got my shipping email and i'm worried there might be a mistake with it. i pledged to get 5 meepillows... 2xblue 1xred 1xblack 1xgreen but the dispatch email only mentions this in the description... "item description: blue meeple-shaped plush pillow,red meeple-shaped plush pillow,black meeple-shaped plush pillow,green meeple-shaped plush pillow" is my order missing a blue meepillow? who should i contact about this? cheers, -iain
@mariam g - unfortunately addresses have been submitted to the fulfillment house in china already. if there is anything i can do to update it i will! send me a pm and i will get back to you. @elizabeth - i will be sending out an update as soon as i receive confirmation that the packages started shipping from china. if the fulfillment goes as planned everyone should be receding their meepillows in the next two weeks! happy day!
update please.
hi! i just changed the delivery address for my meepillow, but i saw you already started shipping them!! is it too late to have done this? there was still an "edit address" button under my address in my "view pledge" thingie
@steven - shipping is starting this week and i will be posting an update very soon!!! :)
any news on shipping?
hello everyone! shipping update coming very soon!!! :)
fab news, thanks for the quick reply, so excited! we can't wait for cuddles with our meepillows it's so wet and rainy in the uk.
@karen - fulfillment should be starting next week from china - very exciting indeed! i expect backers will start receiving their rewards right at the end of the month into the first week of december as long as there aren't any more delays (fingers crossed)!
any ideas when they will be shipped?
yay!
looking forward to hugging my meepillow on christmas morning
@elizabeth - i will be using a company in china to ship direct to each awesome backer. yes, the plan is for everyone to receive their meepillows well before christmas!
everything will be sent with time to spare for christmas though right? it takes 3-4 weeks sometimes to get to australia. can you please post to international backers first as it takes longer to arrive?
@matthew h - the winner hasn't been announced yet, but will be closer to when shipping starts towards the end of november. i will be posting an update this weekend - stay tuned! :)
so... do we have any results from the contest? i never heard how this was resolved...
@dan g - production is underway, and i am still shooting for a very late november shipping, but could spill over to early december.
any update on shipping? eta at all? :)
great idea to reduce guesses by 0.9892%.  seems like a perfectly reasonable approach. unless of course i've won with my original estimate :-)
@mike t - once shipping starts in november i will have to make a final decision. i suspect i will have all the backer information by then. if not the contest will have to go on without them!
i'm curious, from an operations point of view, at what point do we write off the last 6 non-responders?
@dan g - as of 6:12 pm est on 10/5/15 i still have 6 backers that haven't responded. i'll be sending reminder e-mails again tonight! :)
so...have the 9 finished their surveys so we can get our pillows? :)
@chuck c - first, thank you for your service. second, i absolutely love your ideas. i have a lot of ideas planned for meepillows, but the ones you listed below did not occur to me. as i continue to build this brand i will definitely consider your fantastic recommendations! thanks!
@creator top shelf fun... i'm an american!  a us army veteran soldier!  my heritage is scottish, german, welsh and lakota sioux. i would love to see meepillows in the future (because i'd buy them) that embraces these themes...and more of course from other people. a plaid meepillow for my scottish side!  a black, yellow and red wavy striped one for my german heritage.  a red & white striped body meepillow with a blue head (with stars) for the all american! and a woodland camo meepillow (that was my uniform pattern back in the day)...with other current camo choices. william...you get the idea!  you're going to make a killing with themed meepillows!!  lol
@dan - fantastic! that's what i like to hear!
hah! i too have realized that i'd like to order more meepillows as four isn't enough! lol!  i'll put the survey through, however, please add me to the list! thx:)
@chris e - that is awesome! most likely i will send an update out for anyone who would like to order additional meepillows so i can organize all the requests at once. thanks again!
add me to that list as well.  now that i filled out the survey, my family decided that we need one additional meepillow.  *sigh*
@steven r - i don't have a great answer at the moment on adding additional meepillows, but i will add you to the list and let you know!
@jazzy - and i will input all the data into my super computer and a it should spit out a ticker tape with the winner!
@elizabeth - whew! :)
can i order another one?
after arduous research, statistical analysis, head scratching and guessing... i have filled out the contest! lol!
never mind. figured it out! silly me...
i completed my survey and went to enter the contest but it didn't work. are you able to send the link to the contest again please. thanks!
@dan g - i am working on the surveys now and hope to have them sent out in the next few days!
looking forward to my pillows! when will the surveys be sent out?
@sarah r - thank you! can't wait to send you your meepillows!
yay! congrats on doing so well! i can't wait to get my meepillows!
@wing - i am so happy you were a part of this journey. i can not wait to bring some of my other ideas to fruition!
@courtney b - i just read your comment to a group of people celebrating here at meepillow hq and an amazing electricity filled the air. i am truly grateful that my intentions were met with such open arms and minds! thank you.
congrats!
@everything epic games - that means a lot - thank you.
will, cheers to you and your home run success for the meepillows. always stay hungry, and lookin' forward on future projects and stories of your success!
i'm so excited, but not surprised, the campaign was funded! not only is this such an amazingly awesome idea for kids, but also allows those of us who are demographically adults, but psychologically children an even better excuse to play with toys and have board game battles! the obvious sincerity in every update, the campaign notes, and emails is so refreshing and makes me even more honored to back this project, but also you! it is people like you who make this world beautifully unique and inspirational! thank you for so freely sharing your ideas, enthusiasm and emotions via the meepillow! i cannot wait to have them in my home soon!! congrats....it is much deserved! courtney
awesome campaign! congrats!
@adam s - thanks! and a huge thanks to making those awesome bgg ad banners for me!
@scott m - whoo-hoo!!!
good luck down the stretch... great campaign, looking forward to getting my meepillows!
loving this last big surge you're getting!   come on $60k!!!
@kevin l - appreciate the support, thanks! the only option at this time is to pledge separately so you can have multiple shipments. i am in constant contact with the fulfillment warehouses trying to figure out ways to help backers and if anything changes i will update everyone regarding customs, etc. thanks again!
@john w - thank you for the awesome words of encouragement! the vacuum sealing is something that my fulfillment warehouse does not offer. it's a great idea but i am also a little concerned that it could affect the meepillow in some strange fashion. the last thing i want is every backer to get a defective item!
i pledged for some meepillows, can they be shipped seperate as to avoid customs. live in belgium. shipping costs quite big.... like the idea of vacuum pressure in box .
can't believe i just found this.  this is simply brilliant.  nicely done. (forgive me if another has already made this...) suggestion: vacuum seal the pillows for shipping.  you'll be able to fit 15-20 in a large flat rate box. logistical nightmare, but drops the dimensions down so incredibly low the savings just might be worth the effort.
@jazzy - thanks! i can hardly believe it. it's like a weird dream!
@vdb - that is a great question. it may be cheaper to actually do two separate orders depending on the threshold of customs in your region. i know the fulfillment warehouse we are using will be declaring the appropriate value of the shipments. inbox me so i can find out where you are. thanks!
told you so... "ur gonna hit 40-50k" from our pm on marketing! great job and congratulations.
ok, i wanna go for two instead of one. my daughter wanted to buy one with her own money but i guess a good man might bring a present for her. the question is: i wanna avoid customs so it would be better to split the shipment and send me 2 packages (i'll pay for any extras that brings). what is the best way to realise this? which level and what amount to pledge?
@mark - definitely can understand your concern, but the time frame was supplied by the manufacturer and i also added additional time as well to cover any minor delays. fingers crossed that we run into little-to-no issues!
these look great, but i must admit i am a bit skeptical about two month delivery with well over 200 pillows being ordered.
@johan d - thank you so much for your support! most of the rewards will ship from china from a fulfillment warehouse and have to be invoiced as is. however i am continuing to research other shipping companies and well and things could change after the kickstarter ends. if they do i will certainly update everyone!
@chuck - thanks for listening! i won't have orange (and other new colors) until after the campaign ends and the dust settles. i would anticipate first to second quarter 2016. thanks!
just backed your wonderful meepillow project! is there any chance this can be shipped as a gift? belgian custom fees can be a real pain in the ....
@creator - top shelf fun...i just heard a podcast with will faust and the superboardbros...and there was mention of an "orange" color being available in the future. how soon in the future??  like, this week when the campaign ends??? just wondering because it's my son's favorite color!!  :)
@emma - that is fantastic! perhaps you'll win an additional set as well! :)
well -  i'm in for 6 -  actually that's not true. there's a couple of us from my game group who are pooling our resources!  can't wait for these to arrive!
@vdb - if all goes well and i get really lucky perhaps next year!
looks great. any chance this will be in essen? i'm in for one but would order a few more if i could pick them up there
@kevin s - awesome! can't wait for you to get the meepillow as well!
@benjamin s - you will be able to pick colors (and play the end-of-campaign games) once the kickstarter ends and i send the surveys out. thanks!
the video totally sold it for us :)
when can we pick our colors?
@chuck c - thank you so much for the awesome comment! i'm so glad you enjoyed the video. when i was writing it i knew i needed something unique in order to sell the mepilog in a fun way. something "out there." i hope to have a new blooper video put together after the campaign to show all the ridiculous outtakes. thanks again!
@creator top shelf fun... ooops!  i forgot to say that the message below was for you!
@ i will echo tahsin shamma's comment!  too many people who put up kickstarters projects must not care about their professional image.  either don't have a video at all...or they have an extremely poor quality video!  some people have sounded so depressed or monotone...that it makes for a boring video.  how can i get excited about their product if they're not even enthused!?! your video on the other hand was a nice bonus all by itself.  i laughed and laughed as i watched it over a few times...and then watched it again when i showed my wife and son.  your comedic approach was spot on! we are also very impressed with some of your props...like the giant carcassonne tile (you obviously took time to make) that was to scale with the meepillow on it.  nice touch!! the meepillows i ordered are going to be a big hit with our kids!  guaranteed!! thanks!!
@lynsey - i would absolutely love to be able to do something like this, but it is not possible on large large production runs like this. great idea though!
would it be extremely cost prohibitive to offer monogramming as a stretch goal?  i would totally order one for each of my kids.
@flashs - at this time i don't have the logistics and shipping costs worked out for more than 6 at a time. please inbox me so i can add you to the list if i am able to make this happen! thanks!
if i want more than six meepillows i add the cost of the additional ones plus shipping to my pledge?
@tahsin s - that is incredibly kind of you to say - thank you! we had a tremendous amount of fun filming it. a fun fact: we filmed it on an iphone 6. i cannot believe the quality we got from it. and the actor in the video, rob mcclure, did an amazing job editing it together.
oh... my... gawd... you guys have done an outstanding job on this video. i would have donated  just for the video. but, since you guys are selling awesome pillows, um, excuse me, meepillows, i just had to have 3, one for each member of the family.
@jens b - i totally understand. that is why i tried my best to discount multiple meepillows as much as i could. if anything changes before this kickstarter ends i will definitely send out an update to everyone!
@mark g - thank you so much! it feels like a crazy dream!
@tim d - i am as confident as my manufacturer has allowed me to be! i anticipated there could be delays so i also added extra time to my time-frame. of course, anything can happen, but i was diligent in quoting a proper delivery time. thanks!
congrats on lapping you goal!!�
how confident are you in your november shipping date? i ask because this would be a perfect christmas gift for somebody.
@jens. ummmmm you already have! :p
if this was eu-friendly i would back it.
@dez - wait until you see the next "thank you" i have planned! backer sarah r was a big inspiration below for me.
i'm so excited that these are becoming a reality. now there won't be any fighting at colour choice before games "no you can't be blue, i'm blue! *holds up meepillow* see! " awesomeness
@vegard m - thanks for the question! unfortunately, i won't have production samples until after the kickstarter is funded and i pay the manufacturer. they will be the final production copies that will be shipping. at that point i will be posting plenty of pics. however, i will check to see if there is anything i can do!
i think it's a little difficult to choose between some colors, can you please post a picture of the meepillows with the updated colors, before the project ends at sep13?
@lichwest - i will do my best to make sure you aren't forced out of your home!
future discounts so that way when we get more colors it will bankrupt me slightly less to order all of the meepillows!
@catherine m - i agree this is a great idea. thanks!
@richard r - that. is. awesome!!!
future discounts for backers would be fabulous - i for one don't think i can get enough of these...
made the dice tower news. http://www.dicetowernews.com/now-on-kickstarter-meepillows/19109
@steven m - i think ks has a policy against such rewards. thankfully.
@jamo - sorry to say i don't have plans to expand the color selection in this kickstarter. the 6 colors alone are keeping me super busy and the space requirements are quite big. however, after this kickstarter ends i will be working to bring new colors to the market. thanks for asking - i see orange is the biggest request so far!
is there a plan to add more colors as stretch goals? i'd love to be able to grab an orange one of these as part of the ks campaign
@adam s - they're going to look like stick figures after this!
@paul m - and i own each and every one of those games (with euphoria probably being my favorite)! thanks for putting together that list. when i put this project together i took polls and asked a lot of people about player colors. and even through the many years of playing countless games orange was a more prevalent available color, but i found more people actually wanted purple. absence makes the heart grow fonder i suppose! with all that being said, i certainly plan on adding orange to the mix after this project funds! :)
congrats on funding! i think the little squatty legs of the meepillos have a long way to run yet!
@paul the base game of carcassonne has meeples in red, blue, yellow, green and black and with the new edition purple is added for the sixth player instead of grey. so the colours of the meepillows match the game.
and curiosity got the best of me, so my friend who's backing this with me outsourced the "what games use purple" question to reddit. if you're a fan of purple and want to know, here's what people are coming up with: https://www.reddit.com/r/boardgames/comments/3hh9ip/purple_player_colors_which_games/
sorry, i'm late to the comment game, but in terms of games that use purple, it's quite common after the colors that are already offered. power grid, euphoria, viticulture, cosmic encounters and clue are the ones that just pop into my head without thinking about it, or going through my board game collection.
yay! glad to see this funded so quickly!!  woot!  and big congrats!
can i opt out of shipping, and go for the "man in a bear suit" delivery option? grease optional.
@lichwest - i've heard a few people mention this and i think it would be a very cool idea. i am certainly interested in this! thanks!
@matt h - good question and this is something as a project creator i have struggled with since the beginning. the main answer is because of something called "dimensional weight." it's a way for shipping companies to account for the size of larger packages even when the weight is lower. the reward level you are referring to at $15.00 shipping is actually  for 2 meepillows. in that case the size of the box actually doubled. when you add the cost of the boxes, the pick and pack fees, and that actual cost to ship with dimensional weight it gets pretty pricey. i tried to mitigate this the best i could by offering discounts per reward tier and finding reliable fulfillment warehouses to ship from that offer the best prices.
@patient 0 - thank you for being a part of it!
i don't know if anyone mentioned the idea, but if you go for more intricate designs a wood grain meeple would be fantastic.
why does it cost 15 to ship a pillow?
congratulations on hitting your funding goal
@michael k - the final purple swatch is a royal purple if that helps. definitely deeper and more appealing!
the purple prototype looks more lavender than purple.  is it going to be darker than that? (the final purple swatch looks like a good color, but i can't tell if it's actually different than the prototype or just the lighting was different)
@top shelf fun - welcome! i can't wait to see what you decide on!
@sarah r - thank you so much for the ideas! the certificate is definitely a fun one. i have a few things i am working on, but that certificate is making my wheels turn...
i have two ideas for ks thank yous.  both are printable items that shouldn't cost too much from a local printer, but even if they are too much for your budget, you could release them as pdfs and people could print them. 1. a booklet in the shape of a greeting card.  it's a high score tracker.  the front could have the color of meeple on it that a person bought and it also has the text "keeper of high scores" then the inside of the greeting card has lines where people can write down the name of the game and the score they got. 2. a certificate that has a picture of the colored meeple and it says something like "show this certificate before picking colors in a game and you get to play the color shown here."  you'd probably want to fix up that text because it's not quite right.
@patient 0 - actually, one of the first ideas i had was to do an exclusive kickstarter green meepillow for backers. however, after putting it together i quickly realized it wasn't feasible at this time do to minimum production runs, product and shipping costs, and then the leftover product would be a big problem. with plush, each color is it's own production line so i am currently doing 6 production runs at this time. whew! however, i am working on some ideas for backers that may be a special 'thank you' for helping me get this off the ground. :)
@mark r - great question! they certainly aren't dishwasher safe i can tell you. i will be posting more information about cleaning them this week as per the manufacturer guidelines.
i just realised, there isn't a 'kickstarter-green' limited-edition meeple that is only available exclusively to backers of this campaign as a stretch-goal. a gaming related kickstarter without exclusive content for backers and stretch goals seems like it is missing something :)
are they washable?
@michael b - i can hardly believe it! i really can't. makes all the hard work to get to this point worth it!
@min - never!!! :)
boom! two thirds of the way there, so exciting!
i am only in for 3 as its all i can afford, but if these go into full time production after the kickstarter then i will eventually get all of them
stop posting adorable pictures of your meepillow prototypes on your facebook page.  i'm jealous and want my meepillows now!
@jordan p - thanks for being a part of this! i'm in favor of many more colors too! after this ks funds, and as i continue to build my company, i will need to figure out a better warehouse solution for sure with all these requested colors. where was the warehouse at the end of indiana jones?
@patient 0 - thanks! shipping was the hardest obstacle for sure. if this kickstarter funds (looking good!) i would love to produce more colors in the future! pink seems to be one of them!
@jazzy - another kickstarter? i don't know if my heart could take it! but yes, i would love to bring orange, white, pink, and even plaid out. imagine... a warehouse full of meepillows... :)
@jake r - i can't believe how well this is going - thank you! this project was intended to be straight "all-or-nothing" from the start for the original six colors. afterwards i would be able to focus on growing my company with more colors, different sizes, etc. thanks to backers like yourself!
@erin p - pink is on the list of colors i would like to produce after this kickstarter! the ks survey will be a big help for sure!
im in favor for all the other colors! i can't wait to see how this ks progresses
thanks donny, i appreciate that.
i love your eyes.
so far so good, $10 isn't too bad for shipping to oz but it is still a shame about the vacuum packing, i would have picked up a second one just watch them inflating out of the envelope. if you add a pink one later in the campaign i will pick one up, that would be another christmas present sorted!
so next ks we get orange, pink, white, sand/beige, and mini-meepillows, right?!?!?!?!?!? my new meepillows will want their own smaller ones to snuggle when i am not around, lol! and jealous pets too!
half way in a day! any stretch goal plans?
i'd love a pink meepillow! :)
@michael b - duly noted!
my wife would love for pink to follow orange.
@sarah - thank you so much for supporting my project! as long as this kickstarter funds and there continues to be a need i plan on coming out with a bunch of new colors! wouldn't that just be wonderful! orange and white were definitely high up on the list.
@lichwest - not many purple meeple games out there that's for sure. another one is municipium (which i haven't played). therein lies the problem though. i found there was a need for purple meeples! all the research i did and purple was one of the most requested colors! would you have guessed?
@william - that is funny. from what i heard they are like gremlins. don't get them wet!
i love meeples!  these are so cute! i couldn't resist!  wish i could get more, but two will have to be a good start. i do hope you'll expand to more colors later.  interestingly, the color my husband usually plays is white or natural (wood).  this is due to his vision disabilities, the bright color pops off the board better.
what games have purple meeples other than expansions to carcassone and 5 tribes?
i plan to put my red meepillow and yellow meepillow in their own room for a few days, with the door closed. i anticipate an orange meepillow will eventually come waddling out.
@elizabeth - thank you so so much. we had an absolute blast filming it! the actors in it our some of my closest friends and did a bang-up job.
@clifton - that is definitely going to be the next color i produce after this kickstarter funds (fingers crossed)! it missed the short list by this much: | |
gotta love the video!!
seeing that orange fabric on the final blue swatch picture got my hopes up, but alas no orange meepillow! :(
@mark - i know they are "virtually indestructible" but i don't think they would survive vacuum sealing very well! also, the fulfillment houses i use don't offer that service. ;)
@lichwest - thank you so much! we had an absolute blast filming it. i am very fortunate to have wonderful friends! please check out their links on the page!
when someone showed me this last week i was really on the fence about whether it was worth it. it was the video. i am buying one for now, but if i find my funds are higher at the end i might get two or three. after all i could use a deep sea diving buddy with blue, a friend to help me smith in the fires of mount doom in red, and a buddy to help me create my own franken monster in yellow.
have you thought about vacuum packing them?i've gotten a king size mattress delivered that was the size of a large duffle bag.
@marco - want you to know i certainly have worked hard making it as resonable as possible. but these boxes get big when shipping. very big!
@robyn - i'm glad you enjoyed the video! it was a lot of fun filming as well. shipping definitely gets difficult when shipping large boxes. in this case very large boxes. i did my best to mitigate and even absorbed as much as i could. thanks for understanding!
@caz - orange almost made the cut. if this project funds i certainly plan on expanding the selection!
please help eu backers with tax and shipping cost!
this is by far the best kickstarter video ive ever seen
yay finally im so excited!!!  sad though because i was planning on getting five pillows but the shipping kicked me right in the wallet! i know that cant be helped though. if there's ever an occasion where shipping costs could go down during this kickstarters run i will def up my pledge!
sad there isn't an orange one :( it's my favourite colour :;
@jazzy - good eye! november is still the plan, as i padded the production times given by the manufacturer. i anticipated some delays, but i believe we should be okay! however, that is not to say that there won't be...don't even want to think about it... unaccounted-for delays... regardless, thank you so much for your support!!!
can't wait to get the pillows but i think you delivery time of november is already gonna be shot by your own estimates. there is a 2 week lag on payments, so that will push until oct 1 and then you have 2 steps at up to 6 weeks, so that is three more months and through the holidays. so i am guessing these are more for new years!
i'll take them!
@adam - thanks my friend! i owe you two cheesesteaks now.
@patrick - my wife's favorite is purple as well - thanks!
good luck will!
these little dudes are so cute. i'm stoked you have purple.
@sarah - thanks for the support! when (fingers crossed) this kickstarter funds i definitely plan on expanding the color assortment. these six are the foundation to start!
@erin - i'm excited that your excited - thank you! :)
@richard - thank you! your support and enthusiasm has been great!
in for a dollar. if there were orange i'd have backed for more. good luck!
i'm so excited!! awesome! :)
yay i got to be first backer these are so freakin awesome!!!
