wonderful! thank you for your message @troy! please send me your comments after you will have played, i am curious!
i got my smart money maker in australia. haven't played it yet but am hoping to get a game in tomorrow at work. congratulations again on successfully funding this kickstarter laurence!
i got my smart money maker!
great to hear! i'm looking forward :d.
hi @david, thank you for your message! the game cards and packaging are printed. the supplier is putting together the whole. it's almost ready. cheers, laurence
how's everything going? i'm just curious what stage we are at?
thank you @gerard for your complicity!
congratulations! this is really great.
thank you @tasha! i really appreciate! you back my first and second kickstarter project! it means a lot to me! i've an appointment this afternoon with my suppliers to start to print! talk to you soon! cheers laurence
so excited to see this funded and be part of another great project. my decks will be gifts for a couple of families with the oldest kids just entering preteens. the parents appreciate my finding things that combine fun and learning and are new and different so their kids can introduce their friends to cool things. this should fit the bill nicely. :d
thank you @gordon!
congrats @alchemistmatter!
@troy thanks to your contribution the campaign reached the funding goal. i'm happy we had the chance to connect via kickstarter. i'm looking forward to sending you your reward too.
@gerard thank you again for being part of this journey! please keep sharing it with gamers and anybody who like learning by playing ;-)
congratulations! it's awesome to see that it got funded. i'm looking forward to playing it :).
congratulations laurence! after our recent discussion i am excited to be the person to help you reach that $3000 goal! looking forward to playing this next year. cheers, troy
thank you, dave! you can upgrade your pledge. it'd be $80 for 5 decks, or $95 for 6 decks (shipping to netherlands included) :) thank you for your support! laurence
hi, looks really nice, i would like 5-6 decks, whats the best way for me to get there? im at the 2deck level now atm. greetz, dave
hi thomas, sorry, i didn't see your second message.  higher level pledges won't get the print-and-play files. best, laurence
@creator: thanks for the quick reply. do the higher level pledges also get the print-and-play files?
hi thomas, welcome on board! i'm shipping from milan. best, laurence
first comment! where are you shipping from - milan or the us?
